4	I always seem to find myself at Carnaval Court when I'm wandering on the strip.  It's a great place to hang out when it's too hot to do anything else, and you just want to sit back and enjoy a drink with some live music.   They are known for their flair bartenders at Carnaval Court.  Now, what's flair bartending?  It's pretty much bartenders entertaining guests with the use of bar tools and liquor bottles.  It's become a competitive sport that's featured on Food Network TV nowadays.  And some of the best come from Harrah's!  Be sure to tip these talented bartenders because more tricks will keep on coming as long as you keep them happy!  I usually grab a seat in front of the stage so I can listen to the live bands play some popular cover songs.  And life isn't too bad when the band has cute musicians to keep you watching!  At some point, you'll find people getting up to dance along, which is always much more entertaining.  Feel free to grab a bite from their Grill type menu.  I've only had the nachos myself, so I can't vouch for any of the other food on the menu.During the day, there's no cover charge, but that changes as the sun drops.  It gets a lot more crowded in front of the bar and casino tables open up on weekend nights.  It's a casual place which is a nice contrast to the ever present dress code restrictions of most rocking places in Vegas.They are open from 1 pm to 2 am and their food prices range from $15 and up.So, swing on by Harrah's Carnaval Court and watch some serious flair bartending going on while listening to some jamming music!  We like entertainment like this!
4	So...the live music does not rock my world here, but the bartending is where the show is at.  I am usually not down w/ paying a cover just for a bar, but I think I had at least 2 drinks poured into my mouth while I was hanging out, so it probably made up for it.  If you want to watch flair, this is the place, and if you want to avoid the thumping trance and techno, well, pony up to the Carnival Bar!
5	DUDE! the best...BEST flair bartenders in the world work here!  So much bottle-flippin' & juggling going on it'll make your head spin!  the main entertainment is, of course, the world class bartenders.  these guys are so bad ass!  they really make sure that the crowd is entertained.  just a simple vodka cran? get ready to see the bottles fly! wait around for a while you may see the guys blow fire or balance a mountain of 20 something bottles on their heads.you just want to hang and people watch? look at all the peeps who look stunned and amazed. The young hoochies who try to get the attention of the bottle slingers.  Did she just flash? What a whore! LOL. I guess it's just part of the Las Vegas party culture.Being a bartender, i let you in on a secret... on your first drink introduce yourself, tip FAT (not just the standard $1, you ARE showing your appreciation  for entertainment too), get to know your bartenders and you may get hooked up with a double, free drinks or shots.this is where flair is at its finest. the bartenders are friendly, the live music is good and the atmosphere is awesome. OH by the way... NO TOM CRUISE comments. they've heard it all and hate it!  CHEERS!
5	Out of my entire trip to LV, this was by far the most fun.  My friend & I came upon this place purely by discovery-driven accident, they had a 1 hour photo in the hotel.  We ended up staying there the entire night!The band was pretty good, and at one point in the night they gave everyone free shots!! The environment was just all about fun, from the crazy flair bartenders (btw, they pose for you if you want to take a picture of them) to the decorations  and people.Pick yourself up a strong drink and a funny hat, 'cause you're not gonna wanna leave this place!!!!
5	Haha I'm not sure why I haven't reviewed this place. But I've had many a drunken night here. So Carnival Court is an outdoor bar in between Harrah's and Imperial Palace. This bar is Harrah's Money Maker. It's usually packed and the bartenders are all flairdevils(Flair Bartending group)They have a band area....dj....sometimes 80s bands, cover bands....etc...Roomy dance area. Most of all folks, they pour heavy. OH YEA. With Flair bartenders you get a show. Don't expect to just drink and run. The crowd is friendly and drinks just flow. Try not to expect expensive drink prices. Because it averages 6 bucks versus the clubs and their 10 -11 dollar drinks. It's loud and just like going to spring break in Tijuana or Ensenada. Check out Renee Garcia who's been there since they opened. Filipino dude usually works the front of the bar facing the stage. World Champion Christian Delpeche from Argentina flairs there, etc....If you think the movie Cocktail you know what flair is...WRONG AGAIN....
4	its "Carnaval Court Bar & Grill" so you can have food there (just dont expect high quality... but then again who would from bar food, right?) just your average salad, burguer, sandwich, nachos, etcThe drinks on the other hand are good, average price $8, you can either sit at the bar and watch your bartender prepare your drink while he juggles bottles sings and dance or have a sit at one of the tables and just order from your waiter... the bands that play there are really good also, and you can dance all night long, usually there is 2 bands per night, one plays from 1-6, the other one from 8-1and then its time for the DJthat goes at it until like 2 or 3 am (depends on the day it is)(CC is open every day since noon)...Tips: -get there before the cover starts (I think its like 830)-park in Harrahs - Tip good from the start-Make requests at the band, have a great time!
5	I am so happy I was brought to this bar instead of uber trendy(and overrated...or so I hear) PURE nightclub. This was definitely the best night I had in Vegas. We showed up pretty early, like around 6:30pm, and stayed till 1am, if somewhere keeps you there THAT long then it has to be fabulous right?! RIGHT!!!!!All of my drinks were made to perfection and the bartenders were great at keeping us entertained with the tossing and twirling of the liquor that was soon to be in my mouth. Also (since it was my birthday) each of them (there were 5) came over and poured a shot of yummyness in my mouth. Needless to say I was hammered and having a blast! There was a band playing fun oldies and we danced our little footsies off bar side...eff the dance floor ha ha! I HIGHLY recommend Carnival....even though I kept calling it the Circle Bar
4	Anyone else a Food Network geek?!  (Proud to be one honestly.)  Ever watch the bartending competitions?!  The guy who keeps winning is one of the bartenders at this place.  Now I wasn't there for the full show, but I stopped at the cart to get me a 1/2 yard to saunter down the Strip.  The four stars are for the strength.  I ordered some kind of Vodka Rasberry Lemonade.  It was on the rocks, which I prefer--no brainfreeze from the slushy stuff.  The bartender poured a damn good amount of two different vodkas-one Smirnoff, one Absolut.  Not my top choices for vodka, but it wasn't well shit, so hey, I'll take it.  Woo hoo!!!  Party in my mouth!!
3	Okay, so the bartenders are impressive. I loved that part, but I would have to be piss wasted to think that this place was a GREAT time.The bar is situated in an outside courtyard amongst several street stores.The entertainment (other than the bartenders) was absolutely wretched!The nightime entertainment was even worse. So corny, so rehearsed, and can't they find a prettier girl to put up on stage half naked? Realy??! I mean, this IS Las Vegas. Pretty girls are a dime a dozen...Anyway, I was just totally disappointed.
4	Totally not a place I'd choose to go but with lots of tequila, this place is fun. I had friends in from out of town who were staying at the Flamingo so this was considered stumbling distance to their room. It's like being on Bourbon street. Stinking drunk.Personally, I'd rather you just pour me a damn drink and enough with the flair bartending. But I did come across an Asian bartender who poured a good shot of Patron for me so I went back there a second night and stood right in front of him for most of the night.Lots of eye candy. Top 40 music. Bring your sense of humor. It's what will get you by.
5	Hands down, this is my favorite place in Vegas.  The bartenders are so much fun to watch!  You will have so much fun at this bar!  Go with your girlfriends because there are tons of guys here!  =)**Updated 7/23/08**Still my favorite spot in Vegas.  Try to get a seat in front of Mig, Christian, or Steve.  They are the best to watch!
5	As the bartender stood up on top of the bar, blew his whistle, and poured a shot into my mouth (why bother with glassware?), I thought to myself, "I like this place".The bouncers let us in without waiting in line, and we tried to shoot the gap and skip cover but the cashier had eyes in the back of his head.  I bought an Adios Motherf*cker, and that pretty much sums up the rest of the night.  I should have said adios to my cell phone, which disappeared somewhere in the bowels of a casino.There was a live cover band and we danced for a while, but the true entertainment for me was up at the bar.  The little asian bartender was shameless, and helped pretty girls get intoxicated in just about every suggestive way possible.  For instance, when my friend turned her head and got Malibu all over her face during a shot-pour, he wiped her face on his towel... in his crotch.  Don't come here if you're easily embarassed/offended, but I had a blast.Thanks to yelper Myke R. for hookups with the free beverages!
5	warning: the bartenders work really hard and break out in drenching sweats. when tipped with $20 bills, the bartenders will stick them on their foreheads...with the sweat acting as the glue. also, there is alcohol carelessly being poured everywhere. this is a wet ride.hot bartenders - 1 starfree shots poured into your mouth - 1 starfour foot long bongs filled with whatever drink you want for $50 (good for a full buzz all night long) - 1 starbartender flair tricks (bottle juggling, flame breathing, etc) - 1 starlistening to loud top 40 music and singing along in a drunken stupor - 1 staralthough this bar is great, i can only stand being here for an hour. watch the bartender flair, get your 4 footer, and wander down the strip happy!
4	I must say that this place was a welcome respite from the sometimes overly ostentatious Vegas strip - it's not a pretty place, it's kind of corny, but it's a good time!  Just basic dance music playing on the outdoor stage, bartenders doing all sorts of crazy things with drinks, and lots of inebriated people just dancing and having a good time to the classic dance music from past years.  It's not necessarily hip, not jet set cool, but just a good time!
4	this happens to be one of those places that is always referenced in a typical "do you remember the time in vegas when..." story.  no really.  fun music.  fun bartenders.  typically fun people.  had to 86 some guy who heard a friend of mine say "no thanks, i have a boyfriend" and interpreted that as "please dance ridiculously around me in circles and rub up against me."  but hey...that's what friends are for, right?  well anyways, never ordered a ridiculously large beverage...just the normal beers and mixed drinks.  it gets a little hectic while waiting for your drinks - but they throw things and give you free shots so you tend to forget that you were there for a while...
4	Nestled in the shadow of Harrah's blandness and the Imperial Palace's crappiness is where you'll find this kick-ass circus tent of debauchery.  The talents of the bartenders are depicted well in the other reviews -- and these guys can even make pouring my Jack & Coke interesting.  The bands are always fun -- usually playing classic rock, 70s disco, hair band, and recent sugar-pop stuff, and I want to be Cook E Jar when I grow up.  The combination of all of the above leads to a great vibe.Downside?  Long way to the bathroom in Harrah's.  Occasional reverse-chugging.
3	This place is good for what it is live rock music, flair bartenders, the crowd is t-shirt and jeans, mostly 30+ ,  there were lots of couples and groups, also its outside which is nice. If this is your kind of thing go for it you'll like it. it was to rock and roll and old dude for me though.
3	I hate this place.  I really do.  They charge a cover to get in, there's not a local in sight, and it's a pain in the ass to park and get to.  But my friend Andrew loves it there... he loves flair bartending and hopes to work there one day.  And the cover band that plays here regularly seemed to be nice guys when we chatted with them at Hawaiian Tropic Zone.  Meh.
5	I have been to Vegas twice and the first night of both visits was spent at Harrah's Carnival Court.  Recommended by others that had been there before us, we went the first time knowing it would be decent.  The first time, we had a fairly large group.  The place itself was not necessarily packed and getting a seat at the bar was easy.  We had fun chatting up the bar tenders as they threw around the bottles Cocktail style while we listened to a lot of our favorite music being performed by the cover band.  We had such a good time that we made a point to stop by on our 2nd trip to the strip.  This time was far busier but we managed to have a good time, chat up some Brits and get a good buzz before heading to the next venue.
2	2 stars because they gave us really cheap vodka and tried to pass it off as what we ordered.  none the less...we got trashed here...horrendous headache later (thanks to the cheap vodka).don't think i'd go back...it was an ok place to get trashed but if my tab at the end of a 4 hour drinking spree with my boyfriend is gonna be over a hundred bucks...i want decent vodka and not have to worry that we'll get thrown out for using the "eff" word at the blackjack tables by the bar...yes, harrah's tossed him out for saying "f**k"
5	Live music, alcohol, funny bartenders who do crazy tricks, and misters for the hot, hot heat... what else is better?!?!?I love this outdoor bar. Everytime I go to Vegas I make an attempt to go here. The bartenders are hilarious (somewhat perverted) and very talented. I always buy a 1/2 yard of some sort of drink here which usually makes me pass out somewhere later in the afternoon. Last year I passed out at La Salsa at Caesar's after I finished my drink. The bartender Flippy usually has a heavy hand.From the water/alcohol fights between bartenders, to the girl customers shoving tip money between their boobs for the bartenders to get... It's just a really fun place to be in the daytime in Vegas. During the band's break the bartenders usually have contests or games of some sort to get the crowd riled up. The first time I came here was in August 2004 and the bartenders have remained the same. I wouldn't leave this job either considering the massive amount of money it seems they make in tips. It can get a bit raunchy at times, but it's always a good time (pending weather of course).
4	On our yearly "guys trip to Vegas" we always make a point to spend some time at the Carnival bar.  No cover (in the daytime), lots of friendly tourists, a great cover band, amazing flair bartenders, no dress code (as far as I can tell) and very little attitude.  The place is a big outdoor venue and a great place for some daytime drinking.   Nighttime is pretty fun too!Its a great alternative to waiting hours in line at some overpriced "ultra-lounge" and spending a fortune on drinks once you get in.
4	Great place ot go if you want to kick back and relax with friends. They have live bands playing some nights, which is always fun.We went while on our couple's shower, and had a great time with our friends. The staff is fun and the bartenders are great. So fun to watch them work. Also, the HUGE drink they offer is SO worth it. It's like $40 for this huge drink. You can get anything in them, but I don't recommend frozen. It gets to be too much. I had a tequila sunrise in mine, which was very good. So yeah, get the big drink. And go to Carnival court if you want to relax and enjoy time with your friends.
4	This spot is awesome.  Every time I've been to Vegas and stayed at Harrah's I've checked it out.  This past weekend I was there and experienced their largest "purple drink", as I call it (and no its not THAT purple drink), and it ended my night with style.  I'll upload a photo so you can see the enormity of a $35 crown and coke.Great live music on some nights, and good DJs on other nights.  They are also outdoor, so if you stop in with friends who aren't quite 21 they can chill outside and listen to music while you get your drink on.
5	Even though my buddy and I were fairly well tanked by the time we found this joint, It was still tops. We were there Nov. '07. and are going back again in 3 weeks. Guarenteed this is one of our first stops! Great music, drinks and the band will play at request during slower hours.
4	The last few times I've had a drink here, I've gotten completely wasted, so if that's what you're looking to do, this is the place.  They have those huge tall drinks that can get you messed up pretty quickly.  I've never had any food here, so I can't comment on that.  I know in the past during the day, they sometimes have live bands or a DJ which can be fun.  But I like chilling outside, drinking and smoking.  Everyone should check this place out!
3	Carnaval Court is pretty cool - it's like you're a part of the movie Cocktail.  Well, without Tom Cruise and with a bunch of drunk people, instead of the relatively hip vibe that the movie brought with it.  If you're lucky you'll get a goofy band on-stage, and probably some loud group in the audience who thinks that they are much more fun than they are, and they really want to pay too much for the drinks that you can get elsewhere.  But the bartenders are fun to watch.
5	This is my absolute favorite bar on the Strip!  There is nothing better than sitting outside on a beautiful Vegas afternoon enjoying a expertly made cocktail and watching one of the great bands that play on the stage by the bar.  The Bartenders are fantastic!  The last time I was there the bartender actually remembered my name and favorite drink!  I thought it was some kind of magic trick because I hadn't been there in about a year,  but he said he remembered me because I was the first wheelchair user he ever saw out dancing!  I guess it pays to make a fool of yourself sometimes!
5	For a good time in Vegas....just go to the Flair Bar and have Flippy entertain you while making your drink!   Yes, I've had way too many (just one time, really) but it was a Hoot and a Half!!  The myriad of bottles and mixers spinning and flying through the air keep you mesmerized...cause you just know they are going to drop those things!  They dont.  Not too long ago one of the Food Network or Travel type channels showed a Flair Bartender competition...and lo and behold there was our fav, Flippy.  He didn't win, but it was almost as entertaining from our couch to watch...ok I'm lying, but sounded good  :)The entire bar is one big circle and at one point, for a buck (yep $1) the bartenders walk the top of the bar and mix a "special" drink right into your waiting gullet.Yeah, there's the yard o' beer, yard o' margarita...dot dot dot, but go with something you can enjoy and stay away from the frozen drinks  as you don't need a brain freeze on top of everything else.There is a stage behind the bar area and usually there is a full on live performance happening....great tunes and a good compliment to the activity at the bar.Salut!
3	Ive walked near here a bunch of times to see the stuff they sell out in the carts but never went to the bar. last nite we showed our ID out front...no cover or anything and walked in. there is a HUGE bar straight in the middle and chairs all around the entire place. you pick ur seat, drink your beer, and enjoy the live band! people here are all out to have a good time none of that pretentious bitchness you get at clubs or other lounges. you literally wear whatever the heck you want, come in, and have a great time. in the cold like last nite they have heated lamps in the outdoor bar so no worries! plus out front they sell those massive maragaritas OR adios for $45....crazinesss. say helllo to the elvis server!! nice dude kept comin around to see we were having fun
3	Got a beer, sat down for a little bit to enjoy while listening to a rock band The Crashers perform live. They were pretty good too. The environment was very inviting. I saw Elvis as a waiter clearing off the tables. Great outdoor bar to just slam down a couple of beers to relax while listening to live music.
1	If you don't mind paying high prices for drinks, fighting a crowded bar to get a drink, likely getting a crappy drink, and a live band (but not necessarily a good one) then this place is for you.Sure the flair is fun to watch but I think they focus too much on the flair and not enough of what goes into the glass. If you want to enjoy the flair, get a drink in the casino and go outside with it. They don't care or know the difference.
4	Carnival Court is great for the pre-club drinking sessions.  If you want to go to a bar in the day and see live music and bartenders show off then this is your place.  Although I don't like drinking out of plastic cups I gave this place 4 stars because the bartenders here have serious skills.
1	If you like dingy, dirty carnival-type atmosphere or if you have been turned away from all the normal clubs, or if you like feeling like cattle while trying to walk through the area around Carnival Court - this place would be for you!!!The music is super loud - the place is sooo dirty, with drinks spilled everywhere, cups, bottles, etc all over the place.  Good luck getting to the bar, and if you do, you will probably be covered in sticky stuff from leaning in to tell the bartender what you want.The people in here: college kids who don't know any better, older folk who wouldn't/couldn't go to a hipper/nicer club or bar, drunk people who have lost their money, friends, or both, generally clueless wide-eyed tourists from small towns on their first trip to Vegas.I did not see any flair bartending happening - I didn't see any bussing/cleaning happening - I did not see any good service or atmosphere happening.I did see really old ex-stripper type women being grinded on by college guys.  I did see random drunk people meet and start sucking face within minutes.  I did see garbage and gross spills literally everywhere.
4	I am not a fan of all the pretentious BS of being on a VIP list or doing bottle service so whenever I come to Vegas I like to visit the Carnival Court Bar because its where the real people hang out. The bartenders do flair which gets a bit annoying because they blow a damn whislte every two seconds but the prices are reasonable and theres a convienice store right around the corner you can just buy whatever at and bring it in for cheap. Everytime I have been there there was a cover band that took requests which is always cool as long as they do a good job which they have everytime I've been there.
3	Pure comedy. If you've ever wanted to unleash your inner trailer park alter ego on the dance floor and hook up with lowlifes, this place is screaming your name!! Better than any of those shows you pay $100 a person to see on the Strip...this is free!! I've never seen so much white trash in my life. There's this father/son duo who are ALWAYS there on the dance floor...do we have a job? Cook E. Jarr performs in the evening and is quite funny. I give it 1 star for cheap drinks, and 2 stars for the laughs I get when I come here.
5	This place is great! free to get in if your here early............hehehe we were since we were staying next door at the Harrahs!Daily Booty contest at 3:30pmand overall this place is a great place to drink and get ripped! I mean the atmosphere is awesome.......seems everyone that comes to this place is open to conversation etc....not pretetntious, like other spots in Vegas.I had a blast here!The drinks here are STRONG!!!! i WATCHED THESE DUDES MAKE SOME HUGE POURS!tHye should clal this place Wino court!Shake & bake seal of approval.!
3	Total tourist spot. It is a great place to hang out and party for non clubbers and out of towners. Relaxed atmosphere, great music on the Strip without the crazy club scene. One note though; the flair bar tending is cool the first time you see it then it gets old...really fast. I actually went to a couple of these flair bar tending contests (I do not know what possessed me to attend such an event) but it is the same twelve people who competed for the last ten years. I even heard one guy say that he has a mock bar at his garage and he practices all the time. They even have a club/group for flair bartenders. Are you serious? Minus one star for lame a$$ flair bartenders. Easy with the tossing and heavy on the vodka.
4	THE DRINKS ARE POTENT. I ordered a margarita, and they put like half a bottle of tequila in it, no joke!! A few sips off of the drink and I was already buzzin. I didn't actually stick around the stay and party at Carnaval Court, but I would reccomend everyone get a drink from here if they are trying to get messed up in Vegas without getting ripped off.
5	Carnival Court is the perfect place for getting your swerve on in the day time hours! One drink and I swear you'll be staggering. Go for the cheap hella strong @ss drinks & stay for the hilarious band. These guys were Disco'd out w/gold spandex & black Afro wigs. They had the whole crowd rolling! Every time we go to Vegas we stop in at Carnival to kick off our buzz.
3	Not a bad place...fun. The bartenders are great and the entertainment was good. Its free too and the drinks are good. We laughed all night doing the people watch thing. Great music and the band was really good. Kind of a more low level clientele. If you are looking for a classy place to relax, this isnt it. But its a great, cheaper place to get blitzed and get loud - this is the place to do it.
4	Vegas is about glamourous hotels and trendy clubs. But when your feet refuse another night of suffering in high heels yet you still want to get your party on, you go to Carnival Court Bar.Where else can you... 1) watch bartenders do flairs and tricks?2) enjoy a live band singing and rocking out to radio hits? They're very good btw. 3) relive moments of MJ's legacy? It wasn't really him of course. But the crowd went crazy over his moonwalks and crotch-grabs.4) watch the "sexiest DJ in Vegas" spin? Can't say I agree with the sexiest part, but she's one of those platinum blonde barbie girls. I guess that's sexy.5) form a dance circle and do the running man in flipflops?6) have a full yard margarita strapped to your neck as you grind to Flo-rida?Yes, there were spilled drinks on the ground. Big deal. Its the same with clubs that people pay 30 bucks to get in. It's not the place, but what you make of it. So if you know how to have fun, you can have fun anywhere! =)
1	Maybe it was the oppressive heat, maybe the diarrhea brewing in my gut, but I truly hated this place.  Didnt like the long line to get in, didnt like the music, didnt like the misting nozzles driping god knows what bacteria in my beverage, didnt like the 50 year old dude claiming he was 30 something trying to make time.  Anyway, I got the hell out of there and spent some quality time on the toilet.  What happens in vegas stays in vegas.
3	This bar is awesome if you want to watch a bunch of bartenders do tricks. The DJ had a shirt that blew my mind. But I'm highly disappointed... I ordered an Irish Car Bomb, got no flair, and it wasn't even a proper carbomb?How can a bar like that not even have shot glasses for me to drop the jameson/baileys into the guiness? I'm astounded. Meh for me, 3 stars at best.
4	High admission fees...long lines...bottle service...VIP line...see and be seen crowd...not here at Carnaval Court!  Loud, crowded, lively place...almost obnoxious with flair bartenders (these guys are good!) and strong drinks...more drunk out of state patrons than any other bar on the strip...crowd is not sophisticated and sometimes gross, yet it all works somehow and is a total blast.  A definite must hit on any wild night of drinking and reckless abandon on the strip.Plenty of free live bands are always playing and as an added plus, they even have a few outdoor blackjack tables set up across from the bar.  Much as I try to avoid it, I always seem to end up here at some point of the night.  Fun times!
4	Great gaming!!  There was a live band, on a Sunday night, and they were really really loud.  However, there were free shots, if you give a $2 tip, and the music was really good.  But the gambling was great!  $5 blackjack, which is something we looked for and were not able to find until we came to Carnaval Court.  Definitely recommend it!!
2	Otherwise known as the 10th Circle of Vegas Hell.  I would have given it one star, but it does cater nicely to a certain demographic, and who am I to judge?!  But unless you are of that demographic (alcoholic trailer-park-dwelling assembly-line-worker-on-vacation-from-Rustbucket, USA), you might share my low opinion of this depressing place.  Carnaval Court tries really hard to be cheerful and fun.  REALLY HARD!  But all the ear-splittingly-loud Bon Jovi covers and manically juggled cheap booze in the world can't mask the oppresively depressing nature of the bar's denizens: blue collar mooks, on perpetual Spring Break from a third-tier community college, desperate to bag whatever beat-up white trash trim they can scare up.  Bachelerotte parties celebrating some unfortunate muffin-topped truck-stop waitress's thrird marriage.  Bowling alley attendants and their factory-worker wives, gaping maws open wide and turned up like baby birds to catch the cheap drizzle of sticky booze being poured down like proletariat manna by the bartenders, who tend to get up on the bar and tease the patrons with "free shots" poured directly from unmarked bottles.  Good times!Actually, this place would be pretty good people watching, if it weren't so ear-splittingly, soul-shatteringly LOUD!  Not only does the live cover band BLARE one played-out  classic rock party anthem after another, but the bartenders (seemingly all 500 of them) constantly blast shrilly into the metal whistles tightly clamped in their grimaces, and repeatedly bang their metal cocktail shakers onto the metal bar... OVER and OVER and OVER, in a grim, desperate attempt at merrymaking.  This place is DETERMINED TO MANUFACTURE FUN OUT OF NOISE, as if sound waves can conquer misery and squalor.  Good luck with, that, guys!!!
4	What a cool fun night spot rite on the strip good cover bands Dj's and fun bartenders and good for most anybody that is out just for a fun time they also offer blackjack outside too I never miss a chance to go here! and guy the women tend to outnumber us 3 to 1 !!!!!
5	I am a normal guy, I like to wear shorts and flip flops. My wife is a normal girl, she like to dress up and wear flip flops. We had a blast here, the drinks are stiff, the service is slow and the freaks are abundant. Let me back up a little. Drinks are stiff. They forgot the coke on several of my orders and splashed a drop to get a little color. Service is slow. Because they are amazing entertainers. Flippy and Steve are great together. Get there early and watch the show. Freaks. Granted it IS Vegas but man o man. We saw a toothless chick crying over her daughters 18th b-day, a lesbian chick with too much eye makeup on her way to Bon Jovi, a muscle bound dude drink 3/4 bottle of Jaigermiester. nasty Several girls offering their boobs as money holders for the guys to grab with their teeth. Whipped Cream dicks, pussy's and cherry bombs. WOW Great time for all... As for Pris Sarah Jane's comments.. I guess she was right?(alcoholic trailer-park-dwelling assembly-line-worker-on-vacati on-from-Rustbucket, USA),
4	The atmosphere is energetic!  When they say "What happens in Vegas,stays in Vegas" I think of this place. Honestly I have not seen so many  of a "mature" age range let loose like this in awhile. Even though the crowd is diverse, there's usually one thing in common. No one gives a  *#$% what they do or who's watching, as long as they are having fun. There are other good things about this place like the drinks are reasonable,  the flair tenders are entertaining and the bands or DJ play crowd favorites (sometimes based on what the crowd requests). For me however its the people!  They are just here to have fun, and so what if guys are so drunk they are dancing with their "bro", who cares, they won't remember tomorrow! And so what if the 23 year old "frat boy" has so many shots of Patron that he's now hitting on some 50 year old house wife whose husband just went to the bathroom,who cares......he won't remember any of it tomorrow.  But I will :-)
5	My new favorite IT place in Vegas.I saw this on Food Network that they had flair bartenders, so I HAD to check it out. I can't believe I always walked by it and never knew.Sandwiched in between Harrah's and Imperial Palace, Carnival Court is a chill outdoor bar to go to, when you're tired of all that so-called Vegas glamour and glitz. No need to wear a dress, no need to stumble in heels, no need to wait in line, no stupid cover (although I'm a girl...I never pay cover anyways :P).This place sure does draw in an interesting crowd, from the young college kids to the older folks. But I have to admit there were many down to earth people, including the bartenders. It was nice change of pace conversing with people instead of booty grinding. But if you wanna dance, they got a dance floor too! So you can dance off all that alcohol. They had a DJ when I was there, but I hear they have live cover bands earlier in the day.Prices here are comparable to the clubs...$10-12, but they are surprisingly strong. I got more messed up here from 3 drinks (Mai Tai, White Russian, Crown & Coke) than I did the previous night at Club Pure, which I had a Jaegerbomb and FOUR AMF's (total fail). And you get fancy flair! Good drinks and a show...bonus points in my book.I have yet to try their food, although I'd prolly throw it all up anyways.Everyone's here to have a good time, and no one's trying to impress anyone. It's loud, rowdy, and maybe a little dirty. My kinda place! ;)
5	Best place to drink EVER. Bartenders are as good as making drinks as they are throwing the bottles around. For $10 you can get a mighty strong drink, and between $30-50 you can get the 1.5-3ft souvenir cups.  I handed my friend one of the 3ft-ish purple ones for his 21st birthday...and he lost 7 hours of his life (and a pain to take care of, but we're not reviewing him).You don't even need to know what to drink, just tell the bartender what flavors you're feeling like and they'll whip you up something AMAZING.  My *first* there was Vache, whom I saw for the first time 4 years ago, and was still there last week.  Live band, crazy antics like juggling flaming bottles or balancing giant stacks of bottles (see photos), giving shots with whipped cream shaped penises (also see photos), random pouring free shots directly into people's mouths...3-4 hours here will fly like time has never flown before.
5	Came here on a Saturday night, then again the following Thursday night. Although Saturday included a $10 cover charge and was a little more packed, I had equal amount of fun both nights! Their bartenders are amazing at entertaining and bottle tossing while making your drinks. Watching them is like a Vegas show in itself! The things they do are really impressive. Great bartenders. The music is great. The outdoor environment is nice (and if it gets too cold they have got some overhead heaters that they turn on). I'm definitely coming here again to party the next time I visit Vegas.
5	Doesn't get any better than this! The bartenders were great - not only did they entertain the whole time, but I never waited long for a drink.  The music was awesome - a mix between a rockin cover band, and a phenomenal DJ.  The crowd was great.  The sound was great.  Everything was great.  My only negative.. the closest bathroom was in the casino, and you had to leave the bar to get there.  But given how great the scene was, the walk to the bathroom was totally worth it!!
5	Where do you go when you want all of the following on the freaking strip:*To drink a fair amount for $20*0 attitude, no pretension, and no one staring you down and deciding if you're cool enough to come in*Crazy people of all ages looking to have a really good time*no cover (most of the time)*Awesome bands*a table you can actually sit down at to rest your feet*Outdoor ambiance (yup the bar is completely outside)I'm telling you Las Vegas - if you're sick of the lines, sick of feeling too old, too young, too whatever to go to clubs, sick of insanely priced drinks and sick of asshole bouncers, this spot is an awesome alternative. It's nice to just drop it when you're wandering around outside. The cover bands are usually great. Last time I was there beer pitchers were 2 big pitchers for $10 ($5 a pitcher on the strip? hell yes). So the crowd isn't the hottest... it's not the place to pick up a young hot thing or a sugar daddy. However in my book that's what makes this place freaking awesome.
4	Had a wonderful time here! We would always stop here and say it's only for an hour and then end up leaving hours later.The band was a lot of fun! They get a lot of audience interaction. I love the booty shaking contest. The bar is great. I believe it's .. Steve? He's my favorite bartender. I love how they pour shots into your mouth.I also love how it's all outdoors.. And it wasn't too hot when we went, so it was perfect.
3	I wasn't a huge fan of this place.  The drinks were pretty weak and the bartender kept blowing a whistle the whole night, which was annoying as hell! The crowd there was much older than other clubs. Pluses are that it is outdoors (only good if it's under 90 degrees), there is plenty of seating, and the live music was nice change.
5	This is my favorite bar in the entire continental united states. Everytime I go to Vegas I always make sure to save a DAY (yep, least 4 hours) for carnicourt. There are just so many different types of stimuli to keep you entertained for hours. First, the bartenders..I get stoked when I catch a football...These guys, toss a cherry in the air, while balancing 9. hundred bottles on their heads, and catch it on the toothpick they are holding in their mouths. Also, they are super friendly and interactive w/out seeming fake. Steve is the man. The crowd varies BIG TIME. There is a little bit of everyone, frat boys, familes (adults of course), Military, prepsters, 909ers. Everyones there to party so you wont be catchin attitude from anyone. The live band during the day is awesome (wonderboogie?), they always host the booty shaking contest which is guaranteed flashing of some T&A to you boys out there. The drinks are about par for Vegas. I suggest your order the rum runner. You'll only need 1.5, best bang for your buck. After a couple of those get your butt up to the dance floor at the front of stage, make and ass of yourself, then call it an afternoon. i've had their lunch combo here. Something like $7 for a hot dog, chips and a drink. Not great but not bad, i'd get it again. It was filling.
5	All i have to say is Cook E. Jarr! I loved Cook! I love him so much we are going back just to hang and party with him! By far a party starter. We stumbled into carnival court not knowing what to expect only that everyone is having a great time and we wanted to be part of it! A crazy guy that sings karaoke style and barks was on stage. He was a blast he got mostly everyone to dance! This place is awesome if you re looking to relax have a couple drinks and a lot of laughs! Every age group was there and letting loose. We met a few people who were at last in their 50's having the time of their life. I cant say how much Cook E. really worked it on that stage! Cant wait to see him again in August!
4	Had a great time at this place! They had a hip cover band that was covering rap and R&B hits with instruments. I personally had great bottle service and cool blackjack dealers
4	Definitely one of the it spots on the Strip. I went for 3 straight nights, and I seem to remember there not being a cover on Thursday, but there was a $10 on Friday night, and a $20 cover on Saturday night. Had a blast each night, and there's even a small hookah bar in there so you could drink, enjoy the music and smoke some hookah. I didn't see any of the "older crowds" that I've read. The nights I went there were mostly 18-35 year olds there.
5	Just returned from Las Vegas and decided to check out Carnaval Court after we walked by it one afternoon. We were so glad we did! I have read the review about this being a hangout for "trailer park, assembly lineworker trash" and  I couldn't disagree more. Perhaps it was because we were there on a Wednesday evening, but I saw nothing of the sort. I sat at the blackjack tables for almost three hours in the rear area of the bar. I had a BLAST! The dealers (with the exception of Danielle) were phenomenal. They made the evening quite memorable. So much so that you really didn't even care if you lost money. The tables were quite lively and free-spirited which you don't seem to see further down on the south end of the strip.I highly recommend this bar! It was so much fun. The music was great, but I agree it was loud. But who cares about the whistles and the volume of the music after a couple of beers. If you want quiet, go and hang out at the Bellagio--you won't hear AC/DC, Bon Jovi and Metallica that is for sure. You also won't find the entertainment value of this place. There was no cover charge the night we were there. The waitress service (including Elvis) did a great job. They came around before you were even done with your drink.  We will definitely be returning here during our November trip to Las Vegas.
2	The club was ok, it's probably worth the $10 we paid to get in on a Friday. The bartender we had was just like any other bartender, so nothing special. The band they had there was really worth the $10 to see and hear, the lead singer of Mr & Mrs Smith really belted out the tunes. I wouldn't come back again, but it's ok.
5	Hands down best bar I've EVER been to! Flippy was our bartender and he was AMAZING! We showed up at noon on a Saturday (when they opened) and sat at the bar (A MUST).  We were there first, so no problem.  We were there for FOUR hours drinking one of those like 4 ft long drinks that comes on a necklace so when you are so drunk you can't hold your drink up it doesn't fall over haha.  We probably got 10 free shots while we were there.  The bartenders are "flair" tenders and are amazing at what they do.  We had the best time ever and are looking forward to going back, hopefully this weekend! Don't be afraid to get the big drink and tip! It's worth it! They'll give you all the free shots you want of their "secret" mix! Although we did tip a lot and that might be why! I LOVE YOU FLIPPY!!
5	It's practically a frat party!! All I gotta say is this place is pure mayhem..it's definitley a step away from typical vegas nightlife, but its a crazy good time at the carnival.It's like a jungle in here. You got some beautiful looking creatures, some not so good looking ones, and ones that are just horrendous. However everybody is there to get wasted. The whole setup is outside, and it's underneath a tent. It was very cracking on the summer night that I went since the weather was perfect. The bar was on the upper level, and it's huge so you won't have a problem getting a drink. The only annoying thing is that the bartenders attempt too much flair and sometimes you don't want to watch and you just want your drink! There's also plenty of seating as well.If you like to dance, drink, and party hard this is your place to be! I don't think I ever danced with so many crazy white girls EVER. best part on top of that, was that I didn't have to pay cover as well!
4	This place is def on my to do list each Vegas trip.  Its a crazy fun party place where you can either be a part of the madness or find yourself a table and just hang out.It's a great day-drinking place.  They switch off between a live band and DJ throughout the day and the bands are typically spoof bands that are always fun.  They even keep the dance floor area clear during the day if you are feeling the music.At night, I believe they start charging cover for everyone at 9pm and its $5-10.  The line can get pretty long at times once they start checking ID and charging.  I have been there several times and their dance floor never gets too packed at night, or at least it doesn't seem to but the open air may help make it not seem so cramped.  They have a lot of open seating along w/ reserved tables, if you want table its best to get there by like 8:30-9:30 I would say.The bartenders alone are worth checking this place out.  They have fun with everyone and its not everyday you can see bottle of liquor being flipped through the air and fires being randomly set to special drinks.  Their tall yard drinks are delish (I recommend their special lemonade!) and are $27 and will get you good and drunk vs paying $10 for 3-4 smaller drinks.One annoyance factor is there are no restrooms in the actual bar, you have to leave the bar and go into Harrahs Casino.  Usually the doorman remembers you when you return at night but I've been carded again when trying to get back in.But super fun place and is a staple of Vegas!
1	$10 cover charge and terrible music on a Saturday night. Will never go back.We watched a group of 8 security guards kick out a sober girl without telling her why.
5	Always a good time for plenty of alcohol, drunk tourist, and good music! Best in the warm weather!
4	Oh yeah....Carnival Court is definitely the place to be, for me that is....LOVE this place...To be able to go dancing where you don't have to really dress up and meeting new friends...no cover charge, come as you are...
4	Awesome spot to relax after losing at the poker tables. I was just walking out of the Poker Room to get fresh air and I hear Green Day type music. I walk further out and DAMN...there was a lot of people.Carnaval Court Bar & Grill is not just the stage and bar, but its like a big-small carnaval...lol. I just got sodas, in which, I forgot what the price was, but it was very reasonable. I don't usually stay for concerts, but the band was great on 10/7/2010 evening. A lot of people who were having fun and having a drink.Harrah's is my brand of hotel. I only stay at MGM if someone else pays for it. Harrah's had great entertainment and great place to just relax. Sorry I couldn't write much, but I think you should just see for yourself in Vegas.Have Fun here and Keep Yelping!!
4	This really is a fun bar! It is outside and has live music with plenty of space to dance.The bar itself has awesome bartenders that are crazy and fun! It kinda reminds me of some of my favorite bars in Sturgis! The bartenders are always doing tricks, throwing bottles, doing fun shots, etc.It does have a mixed crowd, but that is always a recipe for some awesome people watching, and you never know what is gonna happen.I would definitely recommend this place. It is not a super chic, "Vegas" type place, so be forwarned!
5	Carnaval Court is so much fun!!!We typically end up here after lunch for some chill time.  We typically are able to find a seat at the bar and if one is not available one usually opens up if you are patient.  The bartenders are awesome and personable all while doing fun tricks!!!  They work very hard to entertain each and every person at the bar and all seem to be having fun themselves in the process.I don't recall the cost of the drinks here as I am usually pretty toasty by the time I leave, but they must be pretty comparable to other Vegas spots or I think I would remember one way or the other.The music is fun and loud.  Sometimes there is a comedian...fairly funny...gets funnier as you drink!!!  If you get bored there are tables around the bar where you can play.I would recommend Carnaval Court to anyone just looking to have some lowkey daytime Vegas fun.  Also a great option for those of you who don't like doing the daytime Vegas pool thang.  I am a PALE white casper type and avoid the sun whenever possible...this bar is perfectly shaded so I am able to get some "safe" outside Vegas fun, too!!!
2	Maybe we went on a bad night.  The drinks were really expensive, the flair bartenders were not impressive and it was so loud my boyfriend and I could not even have a conversation.  The drunk older women on the dance floor were hilarious though.  There are so many better places to go to when in Vegas, we left about about 15 minutes.  NEXT!
5	Many Vegas locals claim they never visit the Strip because it's too expensive and full of pesky tourists. Not me. One of my favorite places in Vegas is Carnaval Court at Harrah's.I first walked into Carnaval Court three years ago when I first moved to Vegas, and it's now become my second home. Why? Because it's one of those bars that doesn't have that "Strip" feel even though it's smack dab in the middle of the thing.The bartenders put on an amazing show, the drinks are strong enough to put you three times over the limit with one glass, the live band (The Crashers) seems to always be a crowd favorite, and you can always expect your shoes to be stuck to the floor by the end of the night. It's not just any bar, though. As well as the live music, there's a free show at the bar, too, courtesy of the flair bartenders (my favorites are Duane and Rene), who juggle three bottles at a time or balance a stack on their head topped off with a little fire (really, fire). There are even go-go dancers and a hookah bar, both new introductions in the last couple of months, as well as games of blackjack being played on the patio. Beers start at $7 for a Bud or $11 for a well drink, and there's a cover charge on weekends, even for women, but I think it's well worth it.If drinking, dancing, gambling and seeing some great flair bar tending is your thing, come on down to Carnaval Court and see why I keep coming back.
3	Stopped by here to check out the contest they were putting on. It was pretty much drunk girls shaking their goods for free alcohol!! It seemed crowded only for that reason. At the end everyone got free shots!! Wasn't really entertained. Just wanted to see how silly it was.
5	We arrived in Vegas around 10:45pm and were all ready to get on the Strip. My girlfriend requested we head over towards Harrah's. My inner monologue whined, "Whhhhyyyyyy??". NOW I know why.... Carnaval.Duane, you are legit my friend. He was flairin' it up for us and making me the strongest Red Bull-Vodkas I have ever thrown back. The DJ was seriously doing magic... we posted at the bar for a good two hours, creating new dance moves and getting hit on by guys from Boston and Australia. It was the perfect beginning to an unforgettable girls' trip... thank you, Duane and Carnaval!!
4	Didn't get a chance to actually go inside and have a drink or a bite to eat but we did get a 100oz drink from here.  A friend and I split it since it was around $40.  Probably the best $20 I spent in Vegas.  The drink was delicious and was made from scratch (all the other places selling drinks in the 100oz containers all are made with a variety of different flavored slushy premix crap that is super sweet and contains little alcohol).  This one drink had us both feeling quite lovely.  The bartender was a bit standoffish probably from dealing with drunk people constantly... So I understood and she wasn't bad to look at so i cut her a break!!
5	Me and 5 other girls were taken good care of here on Saturday. I swear ever since I was 21 this place has never disappointed me. Every time I take a friend here they always say it was the highlight of their trip- the flair bartending, awesome cover bands, the dancing! The drinks are pricey, of course, but its definitely worth it if you want to have a great time out in Vegas with your friends. They don't skimp on the alcohol either; especially if you are near the bar at the right time and the right place when the bartenders are giving out shots. Side note: Our flair bartender, Duane, was freakin' awesome! If you get a chance to check out Carnaval Court, visit him. I HEART YOU, DUANE!!!
4	This is the place you come to when you're in Vegas and it's far too early to go anywhere else. You can get ginormous drinks for reasonable prices (by Vegas standards of course). The crowd around the bar is such an eclectic mix of young, old, hot and not. The bartenders are known for the flair, which gets more and more entertaining the more you drink. After fighting my hangover from the night before, we walked down to this bar and decided to drink away our sorrows. The mixture of the live DJ's, people dancing, and drinks flowing was enough to get me back in the groove. I would not spend the entire night in LV here, in fact I don't know if I would even spend any of my evening hours drinking here... But it is definitely the spot to pre-drink and get your early party on before heading to a club or lounge.
5	Oh how I love this place! This is always my 1st destination on the strip. Once you witness flair bartending at its best, every other place on the planet will not measure up. The bartendars really put on a show and make your experience memorable. FYI - drinks portions are generous and you will get smashed out of your mind..quickly!I always visit when there is a live band. Great talents playing rock, hip hop and pop. No worries if its cold out because the giant ceiling heaters keep you warm as well as the dancing cage girls.On a separate note, start off with a killer Mai Tai first.
5	I have fond memories of this place.   Granted I was pretty wasted when I got here but still remember the great music of a live band playing in the background.   Now the thing about this place is that you need to be here early to take advantage of it's happy hour deals.  They do have a cover but if you get there early enough you can go in for free.  One of the things that I like about this place is that you get the club atmosphere of good music, good drinks without the whole dressing up to impress just to get in.  It's a fun place and you will enjoy it.
3	Pretty chill place for Vegas. It's outdoors, has a large bar in the middle, some casino tables, a stage, sitting area, dancing area.... you name it, it's here at Carnaval Bar. It does have an older crowd though. It's part of Harrah's so that's probably why. The younger folks usually hang out at more hip places... haha. But we were meeting people here, so that's why we came. It's A-Okay in my books.
5	We recently returned from another three night stay in Vegas. We stayed at Harrah's this trip because of Carnaval Court. We spent all three nights here--Friday through Sunday--at the blackjack tables in the back. We had a BLAST!I really cannot say enough good things about this place. It is laid back, fun and great entertainment. The waitress service is second to none. We had Glenda all three nights! She is fabulous. On Sunday night, it was chilly by Las Vegas standards. She was bringing us Bailey's and hot chocolate. She was attentive, anticipated what we needed before we needed it and had a great sense of humor!The dealers are great! We had so much fun--they were mouthy, sarcastic and funny! They made it so much fun. This is probably not the environment for a real serious gambler, but if you want to have fun and drink while playing it is great. The pit bosses are the friendliest around. On Sunday, when only three people were playing we sat and talked with them.I agree that the crowd is older (my group included). It is a nice alternative to the crowed club scene which I believe we are much too old for. The music is great for those of us who grew up in the 80s. I haven't found a more entertaining place in Vegas and doubt that I will!
4	This was a place I went to quite frequently with friends from work, especially after I celebrated my divorce (from my 1st husband)- before there was a cover charge. I saw Cook E Jar and the Crumbs (Las Vegas stereotype performer with the big hair, big shades, hairy chest, gold chains, sparkly costumes, who is a pretty good performer I might add) and my favorite lounge band- 650 (from Hawaii- but I don't know if they are still performing anymore- they are soooo good). The bartenders would do all these fancy tricks. There were lots of people around (dancing on the small dance floor, in front of the stage) and lots of people passing by would stop to see what the heck was going on- on stage and around the circular outside bar- unique outside setting (but comes in handy for when you want to cool off from shaking your booty). There was table seating around but usually a person in your group had to get the table to save- or stalk someone you think is leaving. Parking is at the casino garage and it's a long walk from the casino but it's such a fun place (it's worth it, but if you're drunk, on the other hand, it might seem like an eternity).
5	I have to reiterate some of the claims that alot of people are saying about this place. My wildest moments in Vegas were probably had had at this venue. Carnival Court is probably the most underrated venue in all of LV, probably because it doesn't get much hype as some of the other snootier, fancier, hotel clubs get. There are no excessively long lines to wait in, there are no bouncers that you have to tip, there are no outrageous entry fees, there are no separate "female only" lines, there are no mandatory male / female ratios needed to enter. All you need is a good party vibe and maybe a few other folks looking to have a good time.There are two good things about this venue: The first are the flair bartenders. I dunno if he's still there, but there's this "asian Tom Cruise" who can juggle Grey Goose bottles all day while pouring 12 shot glasses in a matter of seconds. These guys know how to work the crowd, and the best part happens when there are $1 shots. The other good thing is the live band that plays all your favorite music. They play a good mash up of rock, 80's, and generally any feel good party song. Then they take a break, so the DJ comes out and he starts spinning some hip hop. I've taken all my friends to this venue who have never been there, and they've all had good things to say about it.If you're looking for a non-pretentious place to party, Carnival Court is it.
4	I'm giving this place 4 stars for two reasons only. 1. You have to walk back into the casino to use the bathroom, which sucks when you broke the seal, and 2. it's outdoors and in the summer time in Vegas being outside blows. But enough with my complaints, this bar is definitely a good time. The atmosphere, the sites, and the live music is always a plus in my book. I would say that this place is much better suited for groups though. Not just you and your buddy hitting up the town. I have been here twice and each time I have had a blast. Let's be honest, it's Vegas, you can do and be anything you want to be!!
5	This is As good as it gets to outdoor Bars in VEGAS... BEST BARTENDERS IN VEGAS!! I think back to all the many times Ive been in Vegas and my last definitely was the best. I came with my Cousins Brenda, Vero and Migue. And we had a blast .. a soon as i got there i knew i wanted one of those tall plastic drinks which wasn't badly priced at 25 bucks considering that's what totally got me hammered OK that and the 10 or buckets of Coronas we kept ordering really good prices for Vegas. These bartenders were doing some of the craziest tricks and playing with the crowd every so often all we heard was "free shots" The bartender would go around giving Free shots it was so much fun... i was there for a good while i didn't want to leave mainly because i couldn't stand up lol but the crown was giving these guys like 100 dollars tips they would ring the cow bell and here we go again "free shots" and all this happened at like 12 in the afternoon i cant imagine the madness at night....enjoy.
5	Highly recommend everyone visits the Carnaval Court at least once in any of their Vegas trips! I had so much fun here and yeah the people there can get a little weird/drunk/annoying but as long as you and your group are having a good time you usually don't notice the bad apples. Each time I went was during the day so didn't have to worry about a cover. Also, the bathroom is indeed inside Harrah's but never had a problem walking to them, the walk isn't too bad. I rather walk than have to wait in a long line which I never encountered. The band was HILARIOUS and constantly had me laughing with their silly contests, noises, dancing, etc. The flare bartenders are great and make really good drinks. I never once complained about a drink that they served me. It's so fun watching them do their thing and screaming for them and the free shots?? The shots don't taste the greatest and I'm convinced there really isn't very much alcohol in them and found them to leave my face and hands sticky but the fun is in taking the shots. Nothing like giving the bartender a $1 or more and having them pour it directly into your mouth while everyone around you cheers. Good times!Carnaval Court is my new favorite place to drink during the day. Go early in the afternoon and get a table at the bar. So much more fun than standing on the outside. Trust me.
4	came here on a whim with some friends just to check it out. very interesting mix of people. not too crowded when we were there. it was easy to get a drink at the bar. there's a small dancefloor surrounded by tables right by the stage. pretty good music, but the dj was playing songs a little too long. love, love, love that the bartenders do tricks while making the drinks! definitely a good spot to start the night especially if its too early to go to a club.
5	you need to stop by this place during the day, it never disappoints!!!! its a really fun atmosphere!! its an outside bar with some of the best flare bartenders in the U.S. Drinks are priced really well, and the entertainment is great, good dj or a live cover band...wear comfy shoes because you'll want to dance! this place is an absolute must!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
3	Superbowl Sunday review only:It was exciting to see some flare, but it was not as crazy as I think it might be, cuz this place was PACKED and a little insane.Drinks are strong, and big enough for vegas, and this bar is outdoors (awesome) and feels a little old, but it's a nice change from the glitz and glam.That said, it was a little too crowded and crazy, and we had to leave to walk down the strip after kickoff since we were being given some mean stares by some patrons trying to keep open seats for their purses. Grrr.
5	I absolutely LOVE Carnaval Court, I have been to Vegas many times and have been to a good amount of the Vegas clubs, but somehow I always end up here! This place is so much fun, I love how the bartenders all know how to flare and put on a show for you (One of the bartenders told me that you have to audition to get this job so it is no joke what they can do!) They also interact with everyone and have contests and dance offs. I also highly recommend to come day drink here as well! They have both live music and a DJ. I have never had a bad experience here and it is cheaper to drink here compared to the other clubs and you have just as much fun! The one thing that puts this place over all the other clubs is that there are places you can sit without the bouncer coming and telling you to get off the couches unless you have bottle service and they have a casual dress code! If you have not been, you need to go even if it is just one time!
5	One word: the shit.I come here everytime when I'm in Vegas on Saturday afternoons. Go here in the day time for drinks and fun! There's a disco band called Wonderboogie and they do a spectacular job in getting the crowd into the festivities and will do shout-outs for free shots!! The flair bartenders put on a great show so tip them well! If it's your birthday or you have a bachelor/bachelorette, this is an even better place for day time fun!!A definite MUST when you're in Vegas. Highly recommended.
3	Came here for St. Patrick's today because well fat chance I was getting into any of the bigger clubs. It was fine. Nice vibe, lots of dancing, lots of drinking. DJ could have played less top 40, could actually let a song go most of the way through, etc. Kudos to the 10/10 hottie for coming in with a belly-revealing t-shirt to dance by the way. I am sure I have no chance with you. But hey, at least I'm not the other brosephs who just started to grind on you without asking! ;)
4	My experiences here have always been a blast. First visit here, my boyfriend and I had our first kiss ::AWWWWW:: But thats not what you all want to hear. HA! When we got here, we were already intoxicated, but he decided to go ahead and order 2 margarita on the rocks, big souvenir cup thingys which were like $40 each. I think we both had taken like 4 sips before he swung his arms in the air because of excitement that they were playing his "jam," and WHAM! There went our drinks! Lmao. What a waste!!! Tsk, tsk. We weren't going to let that ruin our night though. The DJ was playing good music, so we stuck around and danced a bit.My second visit there, was for a cousins 21st birthday. The bartenders seem very full of energy, and seem to enjoy their jobs. Making it even exciting to see them make your drink. Our job was definitely done here. Getting the birthday boy plastered! This time, there was a band playing. I honestly, didn't care for the band. But I mean, its Vegas, and we were with a big group of people who were going to make wherever we were fun. I'd say this is a good spot to START your night. :)
4	Life music with delicious drink :)They were pretty pricey though! $20 for 2 drinks!
4	This place is an all out party and was an awesome place to spend my first night in Vegas.  They even have fire juggling bartenders!So, I ordered some beers and shots of Jager for me and my hottie accomplice and was pleasantly surprised when the Jager shots came in solo cups (it was probably as much booze as 3 shots).  We spent the rest of the night dancing to sweet cover tunes from a band that could actually play and actually sounded really good.  I'd recommend this place to young couples looking to have a fun night of drinking, dancing and partying.  Even if you're not into rowdy bars it's likely that you'll have a fun time at Carnival Court.
4	Real fun place to grab a couple of day drinks; my buddy and I had a great time. Keep in mind that this bar is outdoors and quality of your time here is really contingent on the weather. The crowd here was definitely a melting pot of all cultures and race's...which is actually part of the bars appeal IMO.The "flare" bar tending here is absolute sight to see, their performances are really unbelievable. That being said, make sure you tip well. I wouldn't make this place my nighttime destination, but if you're trekking the strip and need a place to wind down, people watch, and get some R&R in while simultaneously entertained by the bartending...i highly recommend this place -- you won't be disappointed. One of the bar tenders there, Robyn I think--she is gorgeous!! And I don't say that about many people.
4	We were walking the strip when we heard all this whistle blowing and crowd cheering. We followed the noise and ended at the Carnaval Court. It was a circular bar tucked in the middle of no where. What I liked most about it was that it was an outdoor bar!We were there for about half an hour and it was so much fun! Every hour or so, the bartenders would start blowing their whistles and they would entertain their guests with flair bartending. They also offered free shots, but in order to get one, you have to succumb to whatever madness they think of. One girl from our group was asked to lean her head back onto the bar, kind of like when you're doing the limbo. She was blind folded with a wet towel, ice was placed into her cleavage, and a stream of vodka was poured into her mouth. It was so funny!The drinks are cheap here and the shots are huge! I definitely recommend!
5	The best place in vegas! Its sad actually how often I go there but I friggin love it. The crowd is very diverse and everyone is there to have fun! The bartenders are the most entertaining bartenders you've ever seen... # 1 bartenders in the world!!! Literally! Great music, dance floor... Just go see it for yourself! You won't be let down
2	This place is very entertaining-bartenders slinging drinks, a DJ spinning music in the back, whistle-blowing, etc. The outdoor venue is always loud and has plenty of people , so they must be doing something right. We ended our Sunday evening here, arrived about 12 midnight, wasn't too crowded. The drinks were pricey---club prices, not bar prices. Paid $31 for two vodka cranberries and 3 waters. We were finishing up my bachelorette weekend and were wearing sashes to indicate such. Some nice guys from Brazil offered up their seats at the bar for us.My gripe was how long it took to get a drink. I know it's a busy bar, but it was a Sunday night.  It was almost as if the bartenders were way to interested in how cool they thought they were (ok the tricks were very cool) and not taking drink orders. It wasn't until my friend leaned over the bar flashing the cleavage card did we get any response. Somehow I can wait for food, but when I sit down I want a drink in my hand asap. After our one round we never saw our bartender again. I've had more fun elsewhere.
5	THIS IS THE PLACE TO COME TO GET YOUR DRINKS!! To be more precise, get your drinks at the booth directly at the top of the stairs before you go to the bar area. The bartenders there are extremely heavy-handed in their pours and can do all kinds of super cool tricks. The drinks are in the huge tall glasses and I think the middle sized one was $27, but it was honestly about 5 drinks worth of liquor- once we discovered it, we wouldn't buy our drinks anywhere else if we could help it.
4	$10 entrance during Memorial Day weekend!Our group of 10+ girls and guys were not about to pay $100+ to get into a fancy club with no places to sit, so we decided to go to Carnaval instead. It's an outdoor club/bar with plenty of tables and chairs and a big dancefloor. I love that it was a casual place, so our boyfriends didn't have any trouble getting in with a hat on or sneakers.
4	SOOOOO much fun! Went on a night when Mr. $ Mrs. Smith were playing. They are INCREDIBLE! Seriously talented, awesome covers of great music currently on your radio. Wanted to go back again but never made it. Drinks are really expensive though. Get buzzed outside the liquor store near the corner and then go in to keep the party going.
3	Me and my friends just came here for a short while walking the strip during the day. I was hoping there would be a lot of people, but it was kind of empty. Maybe it gets more crowded at night.Anyways, me and my friends were watching the live band, in which the singer asked my boyfriend to be spanked, which he accepted, haha. Also I treated my friend to a drink for his birthday ($11, pricey!) but it was made really good... I wish I knew the name of it. Anyways after telling the bartender it was my friend's birthday he gave him a crazy elevated shot.... I videotaped that moment for his future wife and employers.Then we continued on walking the strip...
5	Favorite free place in this city...the music is ALWAYS great, playing top 20 dance mixes.  It's loud and at night even gets a good crowd around the stage.  The bartenders are fun and if you tip them well they'll hook you up.The place is in a tent outdoors right on the strip.  You can valet at Harah's next door if you have a car.  It's free to get in but there is a bouncer checking ID's.The drinks are a little expensive but like I said make it worth it and tip better.  I'm pretty sure a DJ plays all day but I've only seen it crowded at night.  It's a fun place to stop for a drink while walking the strip no matter what time it is.My only dilemma with this place is why not refill the Yards?  It's a tough job carrying those things around.
4	This is hands-down my favorite bar to visit and hang out in while I'm in Vegas.  No doubt about it.The crowd is always a good mix of talent, craziness, and folks just looking for a place to have a good time and enjoy themselves.While the bar itself is covered by a round roof, the outdoors openness of the place is one of the things that makes it attractive.They have their own outdoor stage and typically they have good bands of all sorts playing.  Any time I have ever been there I have not seen a bad band playing, at least not yet.The bartenders are some of if not the best.  Known for their bottle tossing and general serving tricks and antics, they are what really draw the crowd here.  I have seen some of the craziest tricks done behind a bar here; and you can see it all any time you go to this place.Of course, the guys really like to perform for the women, so you stand a better chance of seeing something wild if you are a woman; and you may even be served a little faster because of it too.  As a guy, it's really the only drawback to the place.  Of course, the service overall is really good at the bar and you will not be disappointed watching (the bartenders or the women) while you wait. I have had a good time every time I have been to this bar whether I'm people watching or enjoying the tricks behind the bar.  With a group of your friends, the place is even better.Anytime you visit Vegas, make it a point to visit Carnaval Court.  I do.
5	This place is super fun, its in an outside tent with a huge circular bar and a stage on the back part of the tent.  Its right on the strip but a little hidden between Harah's and Imperial Palace.  During the day there is no cover charge but at night they have a band playing so it varies from $5-$15.  There flare bartenders are super entertaining,  i really enjoying all the tricks they did with the bottles and cups.  Drinks are decently priced for the Vegas environment but it will be definitely cheaper to go here than others expensive vegas clubs.  Parking is alittle hard to find but you can just find parking in any of the neighboring casinos or take a taxi.
3	The Carnaval Court Bar & Grill is the infamous spot seen on TV where bartenders are throwing bottles around and making drinks in the process.  On this occasion, I did not go inside the bar, instead, I got a yard drink from the bar outside the entrance.  The yard drink is expensive, but is expected and the last time I had one, I was drunk for about eight hours.The damage was $40, but worth it as I really liked the yard glass, which had the Welcome to Las Vegas sign at the bottom that lights up.  The drink itself wasn't as great as my previous one, but was strong enough to give me a bit of a buzz before I headed to the airport. I'm deducting one star because the drink wasn't as strong as I anticipated and didn't do much damage. I'll be back in the future and actually sit at the bar and watch the shows as they make drinks, but for now Carnaval Court Bar gets an average three stars.
3	The "live" band was straight cover lip sync trash. Just keep the DJ on.Free fun, though at times they do charge a cover.
5	Great place to listen to live music
5	i hate to admit it, but, i really like this place. my buddies might just tar and feather me for saying that. the place is a really cool hang out. the fact that it's free (if you get there early enough) and have a live band with dancing make it pretty sweet. the crowd is always chill and fun. lots of out of towners drawn in by the loud music. the bar is set up great for the flair shows they put on. i no longer pay them any mind, unless i'm waiting for my drink. for the most part, you can see when they're ready to light something on fire or pour shots down patrons throats so you can plan ahead on ordering your drink. one bartender there, flippy, i've seen for a long time, is a pretty cool dude. the drink prices are not THE most expensive, but, definitely not cheap. pretty much almost club prices. the "thrashers" (i think that's their name) play here most times that i've been here. they play '80s and '90s rock and take requests. in between the band, they have a DJ spinning top 40. later in the evening, and even in the afternoons during the weekend, the dancefloor gets pretty lively. whenever mama and i are in town and want to dance the night away, we make it a point to make it out here.
5	Great place for a lazy afternoon. Different bands play through out the day but I highly recommend going Thursday through Sunday while the Spazmatic are on.
4	I was hesitant of coming here because there seemed to be a lack of people in there early 20's but my aunt was already in so we paid the $10 each and walked on in. As much as I hate to admit it but I had a really good time here. Their DJ had the most energy Ive ever seen any DJ have. he had the crowd going crazy, the go go dancers shaking there ass, AND the bartenders giving free shots. The bartenders at this bar are truly entertainers. The best of the best. They make you laugh, they embarrass you, and they pour a mean shot! If you end up here with a group of girls and you want o get one of your friends for the night secretly order them a blow job shot and get your camera ready, you wont be disappointed!
5	i went here on a thursday night it was free to get in. it was very packed and i had a blast here!! out of my 5 day trip i had the most fun here. its right in between harrahs and imperial palace. the music was great and the crowd was awesome and all very friendly. i danced the entire time and will definitely be back!!
3	Howdy Tourist :) You have been warned!I have been here a couple of times over the years and find it overrated from a locals perspective. I guess I am just used to all of the locals spots and the great Happy Hour deals and other entertainment spots our town has to offer. I must have visited on the wrong nights, not a whole lot of flair action going on? I remember one time when I was feeling bad when a date paid $32 bucks not including tip for two long island drinks in an 8oz cup full of ice. Bad Bad Bad. Rip off city! I never want to go here on purpose, I am always dragged here by friends and such, ugh. If you like beer then you can fare better, purchase the plastic pitchers of beer.It is more about the surroundings and experience then it is the drinking and getting drunk, because that won't happen. The drinks are weak, very weak in my opinion.I could have made a packet of kool-aid at home.Don't waste your time going here in the day time, it is just hot since it is an outdoor bar and it is boring.This review is more of a piece of advice for the tourists and visitors of Las Vegas who I am sure will run into Carnaval Court at some point. If you want a good time here, make sure you withdraw your life's savings in order to obtain your goal of getting a buzz! The service from the bartender's is hit and miss really depending on who is on shift during your visit. A few of them are nice and attentive, a couple of them are just plain cocky and appear to be more focused on selecting who they will be getting their freak on with that night. Remember folks...what happens in Vegas shows up on your test results. Have a nice day :)
3	Great concept. An outdoor bar in the middle of the desert on a hot night. The beer list is far from amazing, but the bartenders definitely have some flair. With a decent tip, they are also attentive. If they had just one microbrew, I'd give it an extra star.The music was pretty much pop/dance style stuff, so if that's your thing, not too bad. If you're looking for some hard rock, probably not going to find it.I had a good enough time as it was a chance to wind down with the wedding party after a busy day.For a nice enough place, with decent music and some beer, give this place a try.
4	Tip your bartenders! I always try to come here when I am in Vegas. Unpretentious, fun staff; nice looking dancers and blackjack dealers; good and affordable drinks; and above all else, a great time. Check it out and you won't be disappointed, the music is great, the flair is world-class, and there is always fun to be had.
4	Stopped by here one night during our stay and my BF just had to get one of those huge drinks you see everyone walking around with.  What made it even better was that it wasn't blended!Our bartender (at the outside area bar) was super friendly and very talented in the flair department!  He talked story with us while mixing our drink - and it was good!  My BF said that it was 100oz, but I'm not sure...it seemed like it!A fun tourist spot to check out and maybe bring back a big-ass souvenir, if you can pack it!!
5	Stop the presses.Skip other nightclubs.No (or super low) cover charge? No line? No snootiness? No exclusiveness? Essentially no uptight dress code? No police-like bouncers? No male/female ratio nonsense? Open all day and all night? Fun, crazy bartenders? Outdoors? Temperature-controlled even though it's outdoors? Constant dancing? Convenient location? A party-like atmosphere? Great music? Gaming opportunities? Down-to-earth crowd? Super fun people and staff? Excellent people-watching ops? Nice, affordable drinks? Spaciousness to move yet lots of people? FREE seats? This establishment shows that 99% of the other clubs are not worth the effort it takes to be there.
5	I really like it here.  The bands are normally pretty good top 40's cover bands.  They have go go dancers in high platforms.  No cover or lines if you come in early.  Fun flair bartenders.
5	Carnaval Court is so much fun!This is an outdoor plaza with lots of kiosks selling just about anything you can think of, but the most important feature is the circular bar in the back area. This area has lots of seating, a huge dance floor, and a stage where either a DJ or live band can perform. Every night of the week, there is a party going on and the bartenders keep things hyped up by performing alcohol acrobatics with the bottles as they pour drinks and every so often put on a fiery show for the audience.If you're looking for a great party with alcohol, dancing, and lots of fun with no cover charge and is right in the middle of the action on the strip then you really need to check this place out.
4	This place is just too much fun. The music and dancing is great and the flair bartenders are simply fascinating to watch. I've spent many hours here but also much of my money. The drink costs are pretty painful to endure.
5	Why don't I remember posting a picture? oh dear =|Ok so I DO remember this place being all sorts of fun times. Made it here after our Fat Tuesdays stop @ the forum shops in Cesar's. No cover (at least when we were there), good music, great service. Great fun kick back atmosphere. Will return on my next Vegas outing.
5	I have been to this bar a few times and LOVE IT! A few friends and I take an annual Girls' Trip to Vegas each year and we make a point of spending an afternoon/evening here with the band. It is so relaxed and so much fun - you cannot help but have a great time. Even if you're not a dancer and just like to sit and see the show, you will have fun!
5	Party time!!!  Came here with my buddies for some pre drinks last Friday afternoon.  The court was off the hook with good tunes and lots of chicks, plus bartenders were fairly entertaining as well.  Make sure to get there by 5, since the bands usually start playing around then, then dies off by 8, since everyone gets ready to hit the clubs.  Be warned: the drinks are cheap and add up fast.  I'll definitely return when I come back for Labor Day weekend...
4	I don't remember much about my night out there but I definitely remember a good time. No idea how I got back to my hotel or when or how I left.  However I can tell you that this place has a great location, great service and an amazing show from the bartenders.  Definitely make sure that you tip the bartenders because they are on "fire".Also, the live band was a good time as well.  It was the Crashers. I did request a song via Tweet but I don't remember if they ever actually played it hahah.  Definitely good times had.
5	OMG.....see THIS is what Vegas is all about!! We stumbled upon this place by accident. The DJ (DJ T) who was a white guy.....was playing ALL of the latest HIP HOP hits!! I was totally shocked. My first time in Vegas and thanks to this place I truly had a blast! The bar tenders were over the top and a band played named Mr. & Mrs. Smith...they were freaking AWESOME!!! They sang all the latest hits R&B, pop...and they sound great. I danced the night away!!!
5	Was directed here by a bartender at the Luxor as a good place for outdoor drinks.  I was originally disappointed with the look of the crowd, but once inside, the place was out of control.  At 4pm on a Saturday, people were fall over drunk.  Great party place.  Ordered shots at the bar, and was given what seemed like 6 oz pours of alcohol.  Drinks are normal priced for Vegas, but shots were over the top big.  Great place to drink outside.
5	I go here a on a regular basis when I am in Vegas. The bartenders are cool as hell at this place. The people who don't like it here probably don't tip well or broke. I hate going to the big perpetrating clubs in Vegas. Everyone wants to be seen and the places are always overcrowded. Everytime We go here we get taken care of because we spend and take care of them. If you do that they will return the favor as well. I love this place and this is by far my favorite spot to go.
4	Carnaval boasts of having the only indoor dancing.  It also has a  live band from a certain time.  The bartenders are highly talented here with ability to perform complex and dangerous maneuvers.  Carnaval is a good place to stop on a bar crawl.  There's a line after a certain time though.
5	I like this place. We accidentally just went in here while walking the strip.It has a pretty big dance floor with some good music playing. Either a live band/coverband/or a DJ spinning tracks.Nice thing is that it is open so it doesn't get so hot. It is a plus that it was free to get in as well. So if you are on a budget, looking to get drunk and listen to music and dance, check this place out.Only problem is the dance floor has like a concrete type flooring so if you are wearing some nice shoes you will prob wear out the soles if you know how to work your feet.
4	I was in Las Vegas on St. Patrick's Day and it had rained during the day so most bars were packed full of sweaty and drunk douchebags. But it stopped raining in the evening so it was just fine to be here in this outdoor bar and I finally felt like I could breathe. There was no cover but they were pretty vigilant on checking your ID's when you went in the door. The bartenders were showing off their awesome flair moves. They had live bands play a couple of songs and then DJ/ dance music in between the sets. We were standing for a while as there were lots of people but at one point it thinned out so we were able to grab a table and claim it for the rest of the night. The people there were pretty cool too, no fighting or pushing or obnoxious drunks (which was a total opposite compared to other places we briefly stopped in that night where people kept trying to pick fights with my guy friends).  It made our evening really quite enjoyable as it was filled with good music, lots of booze, and lots of laughs.
3	It was a cool hang out spot if your on the strip, live music, the bartenders will throw drinks down your throat...for a fee.  Hahah, I did get a video of some chick being a little crazy.  I posted it on you tube.   check out carniaval court. It's short, but to the point.
5	I opted to check this place out instead of hitting an overpriced nightclub. I kept hearing music and what sounded like a party. I was so glad I did. It was only $10 to get in and I had a great time. The bartenders are so much fun and very interactive with the crowd around the bar. They are quick to get your drink orders & are constantly checking on you and your drink orders. If you're in Vegas definitely hit this place up. The music was great and the crowd was fun! The bartenders alone make it worth it! I will for sure be back!!!!
3	3.5 STARS due to the fact I came during the day and there was a concert going on at the same time.  I got in here for free courtesy of the Yelp Spring Break guide, although there's no cover here during the day...maybe later in the night, there may be.  The band playing was fronted by a lady who did a few songs decent until she got to Journey's "Don't Start Believing."  Gulp...I switched off after that...who can do that song justice besides the original Steve Perry?  Anyways, I got a drink and sat down to chill and watch the show while the show at the Carnaval bar area was in full effect.  The whistles, the wildness, the flair moves made this area very exciting and entertaining to watch up close and afar.  I can imagine that at night, this place must be even more jumping.  The whistles were a bit irritating because it did interfere with the concert performers but I guess that can't be helped, right?  Props though for them playing "Bad Girl" by Donna Summer in honor of her recent passing.Will likely come back here if my group decides on it but no way am I sitting at the bar to have hard alcohol poured down my throat blindfolded!
4	Holy moly, this place is serious about making their drinks strong. For about $30, you can get a yard of cocktail with at least 8 shots in there, sounds pretty worth it to me! When I was lining up for mine, I saw the people in front of us ordered jager bomb, and the bartender poured almost 1/3 of a bottle of jager into that yard vessel. That's about 8 shots there! Then they poured about 3 cans of redbull in there.The redbull vodka my friends and I got was mighty strong and definitely got me real buzzed and not wanting redbull vodka ever again. The atmosphere was great here also. You can sit or stand. There's loud music, dancers and great crowd who shake it like they mean it--definitely like a real carnival that's located on the strip.
5	I come here everytime I come to Vegas.  It is a great time made even better by the addition of the Garage Boys to the entertainment lineup.  Flippy is one of my all time favorite bartenders, but many of the others are fun too.  I am just old enough that the guy using the whistle for his voice gets annoying.
4	This is a great alternative to the club scene in Vegas. There aren't many places where you can dress casually in shorts & flip flops and still be able to dance. We were staying at the Harrah's, but didn't get a chance to check this place out until Sunday night. We did walk past on Fri & Sat and there were more people, but Sunday still had a good crowd. I didn't get a chance to see the flare show, but I did get an awesome shot from the bartender that was pouring shots from the top of the bar. If your looking to party, but don't feel like dressing up this is your spot. I know they have bands early on, but after a certain time they have djs.
4	Didn't go into the bar just ordered outside at the drink booth. Huge drink- half a yard, i believe, around $36. Bar tender knew some cool tricks, was very friendly. Plus you get a cool take home enormous cup. I'd order one again ;)
5	This last 4th of July weekend was my second visit to Carnaval Court (third, if you count the TWO times we went during the trip) and my impression of the place hasn't changed. If you're looking for somewhere fun, casual, and incredibly boozy, then this is definitely your place. I've yet to tread the waters of the fancy-schmancy nightclubs and ultra lounges, but this place is definitely more my style. Carnaval Court, plain and simple, is a place to party. No, not that kind of "dress-up-in-your-best-clothes-and-go-wait-in-line-for-an-hour-and-a-half" kind of party that you might see from the headlining clubs in Vegas. It's more of a place where you can let loose and not worry about what clothes you're wearing. Seriously, there were some people there that LITERALLY came straight from the gym. It's a completely different atmosphere (at least I'd imagine) that promotes fun over flash. I mean, it's located between two of the most budget-conscious casinos on the entire Strip, so you really can't come here expecting anything more than So I guess the big question is, "How are the drinks?" If I could answer that in one word, I'd go with "generous." Typically $8 for shots, which is a little pricey compared to some of the bottom-of-the-barrel drink choices on the Strip, but when you end up with a "shot" that's essentially the size of your fist, you really can't complain. Not to mention all the bartenders there really do know how to put on a show for you, sometimes pouring up to eight separate shots simultaneously! It's a sight to behold, really.As for music, they had The Crashers there that night (an exceptionally decent cover band that'll even take requests) and a DJ afterwards that played a surprisingly vast array of music. Old-school hip-hop and R&B, Top 40, and even a small Latin set. Crowds seemed to be good, not "Japanese-subway" crowded, but enough people to make it seem like you shouldn't regret your decision to dance.Really, I love this place, and have made it a point to visit Carnaval Court whenever I come to Vegas. Just leave your ego (and your dress shoes) at the door and have a damn good time.
4	I love to get hammered here!!  It's an older crowd and a nice break from the ultra chic casino megaclubs.  It reminds me of my younger days partying in rosarito beach at papas n beer or senor frogs;  Back when white people were still brave enough to cross that southern border.Oh well.  But drinks are moderately priced and you can always count on a couple cougars going bananas on the dance floor.Great place for daydrinking.  Bartenders will blow yo' mo'fo mind!  Believe that... :)I've never had a bad time here. ever.
5	Loved this place!  Mr. & Mrs. Smith was playing when I went on a Thursday night and they rocked.  Great music, awesome flair bartenders, and a good place to dance the night away.  Low key and laid back.  Gets super crowded but still a great time.  Will definitely go here again.
5	Loved it!Great service, bartenders, waitress, dancers and dealers...It's free all day, and make sure you are there around 9 pm...get a bracelet and then you can come and go as you please without paying cover.It's a good time :-)
3	Oh Carnival Court.... I'm a local of 7 years now, and haven't been here in ages. Totally missed it after I've spent tons of money in high end clubs over the years. This place has a $10 cover, drink prices are average for the strip but the scene is priceless!  Young and old, hot messes and some crazy shit I just can't explain. They always have a live band or DJ and flare bartenders. Good times, and good people watching, not really for the snobbish crowd, :)
4	A great place to hang out, listen to music, people watch and not get ripped off for a drink.Since O'Sheas closed, this has become one of the places we hang out, this is not a high end hang out place, this is somewhere to kick back and relax.The downside is, though there are food places around the bar, you can't actually take food into the bar area, strange, but that's about it.One great addition has been a band called The Garage Boys, they moved over from O'Sheas and now play there every other week, they play everything, from Vanilla Ice, to MotorHead to a hilarious cover of Shania Twain's "I feel like a woman"
5	We had a lot of fun at this bar!!! We went on a Tuesday night and had such a good time that we went back the next day during the day.  The DJ was really good Tuesday night and the band on Wednesday during the day was really fun too.  The bartenders did cool tricks when making drinks and they stood on the bar pouring shots into people's mouth.  Definitely going back to this bar when I go back to Vegas!
4	This is the place to be if you want to *people watch*drink and dance and sing at the top of your lungs*gamble in a outside venue for low limits Bartenders and waitresses and dealers here are all friendly and they always have a live band at nights which is pretty awesome.If you want to start off your night with a bang, this is the place to be.
4	One of my favorite places in Vegas.  It's great for that night when you don't feel like getting dressed up and putting on your heels.  You can go super casual and still have an awesome time.  The bands are excellent!  Better than most of the hot talent these days.  The only problem I had was that the floor got so sticky from spilled drinks that my shoes were literally sticking to the floor.  I made the mistake of wearing flip flops once and my shoes wouldn't come off the floor.
4	Was here on a Saturday night about 11 PM.  There was a band playing called Mr and Mrs Smith. The funny is thing is that they really suck at singing, but for some reason they are great at entertaining. They really know how to keep the crowd going, the dance floor was always full of people.  I don't remember there being a cover charge a few years ago but now there is a $10 cover charge.  Try not to go there in the middle of summer like I did, it was so freakin hot, even the mist they had going didn't really help out.  This place is outside and has coverings, there are also a few gambling tables if you want to try your luck.
4	i was only hear for a hot minute but what i gathered was that this place is a heck of a good time. We heard the loud music in passing and went to grab a drink, they found out it was one of my friends birthday, all the sudden whistles were blowing and bottles flying, the bartender came around front and poured a drink in her mouth.  In the background they had a fun band playing all sorts of party music. Ill definitely go back next time im in town.
5	This place never lets down! Such a good time... fun for everyone.  Bar tenders are fantastic, friendly and very entertaining.  Also love the misters... keep everyone cool... just in case the nice cold drinks aren't enough. OR just in case you are out there dancing your tush away from the live music or great DJ! It's a must see bar.  Any time I go visit Las Vegas I will make it into the place. Thanks Harrah's Carnaval Cout staff for making it fun!
5	Our party of six enjoyed a night out at this outdoor bar. We paid $10/person cover, sat at the bar and very much enjoyed the entertaining bartenders. The music was great and the vibe was good. Will be back soon!
5	I love this cheesy hoe down.  If you want to sit outside, listen to some live music, and heckle bartenders this is a great place.  The drunk people watching is TOP notch,  They typically have cover-bands 80s music, current stuff, etc that are really good.  It's completely outside so keep that in mind. Definitely somewhat of a tourist trap but they make STRONG drinks with heavy pours!!!!  And you get a show with those pours!
3	Harrah's has a smart business module when it comes to Carnaval Court. It is situation on a pathway that sucks tourist in. With all the kiosks around, it has useless souvenirs within drunken reach. Even though my friends and I were not inebriated, we still bought those shirts that light up to the music. Thinking they were the epitome of cheesy tourist, we all bought matching shirts to signify our unity. Entering the party scene with our newly acquired garments garnered so much attention and compliments. The dance floor is large and provides enough room to get down. Being outside helps alleviate the overheating that sometimes occurs when the dance floor gets too crowded. The flare bartenders are fun to watch and make a decent cocktail. If you want to alternate between partying and gambling, this is the perfect venue because they have table games set aside as well. It has everything someone coming to Vegas is looking for.
5	Just got back  from a wild week in Vegas. We spent 3 of 4 nights here and had the best time! already planning our next trip for my birthday and carnaval is definitely on top of the list  ;)
5	This place is defiantly on that you must check out. Always have a good time there. 99% of the people here go to simply have a great time and leave the attitude and egos at home. Kinda does suck that you have to walk all the way to the casino to use the restroom, but other than that, it's a great chill place to hang out, dance, and enjoy the live music.
4	Place is a blast. Mr. & Mrs. Smith are awesome. Great atmosphere. Mixed crowd. Dress however you want to dress. Would be 5 stars but beers are steep and the Late night DJ is kind of a douche that complained when the crowd didn't want to dance to techno.
5	Had so much fun that this place!  Flippy and Zach and the Asian guy were the absolute best!!!!!  We drank there from 8-12 in the morning and they all had such a great attitude and were all-around nice guys.  It was impossible not to want to buy a lot of drinks from them.  Love these guys!  Definitely going to come back to visit them.  It was my birthday and they gave me a shot of god knows what that had a giant whipped creme penis on it lol.  So fun.  MUST GO!
1	The place seemed to have a good vibe, but there was a problem in the bar! I needed two water for a friend and myself, but out of courtesy, I did not want to order water alone (I believe in contributing to an establishment). I ordered a vodka/redbull and two waters. I asked him to close out immediately. $14 was charged to my card... for a shot of house vodka/ redbull. "$14 seems too much for a vodka/redbull." I said. His rebuttal: "You're in Vegas, what did you expect? I can't give your money back." I asked, "Please return the money to to the card." He then said, "You're too broke for Vegas, aren't you?, and preceded to close out the transaction on the computer ... Angry, I asked for the manager. The manager tossed the beverage and returned my money in cash. In my experience as a restaurant manager, I have seen bartenders/servers take advantage of people who are "out of sorts" through several methods. Watch out for people like this on the strip. The bartender's name was Adam. Cheers.
4	Great outdoor location, short line, live music alternating with DJs playing party/dance music. Mixed fun crowd. One of my favs in Vegas
4	I almost skipped this bar!I'm so glad I didn't!It's a blast!Located just outside of Harrah's hotel, Carnaval Court Bar & Grill, at first glance looks like a place where a bunch of college frat boy D-bags and their girlfriends would congregate. And just as I suspected, there were plenty of them. But there was also a good amount of normal people, cougars and a few perverted old men gawking at the young scantly glad girls. I love a diverse crowd. I had been told this is a great place to hang out, especially if you're into live bands that play loud rock music. We skipped this place the first couple of nights we were in Vegas but on our last night we decided to give it a try. I'm glad we did. The house band, Mr. and Mrs. Smith, are awesome. The band features both a male and female lead singer. They were belting out tons of classic and newer rock tunes, all while a big crowd danced and cheered and sang along with them. Now I'm not gonna lie, they're not the best singers around but they were great at entertaining the crowd. They really know how to get people out of their seats. When the band is not playing they have a DJ spinning all types of music. I loved that this place has a huge bar area with tons of stools, a bunch of tables and chairs around the edge of the venue and even some VIP booths in case you want bottle service. There's also a few blackjack tables in case you feel like losing your money while you party. The drinks here are strong and reasonably priced. The servers and bartenders are friendly and really hustle to make sure everyone gets their drinks as quickly as possible.I'd definitely party at the Carnaval Court Bar again.
5	This has got to be my favorite watering holes in Vegas! It's where you come when it's not quite hot enough to lay by your pool (October through March) or in the early evening when you are sick to death of laying by your pool. Here, a band plays live music and the bartenders juggle liquor bottles like they were auditioning for "Cocktail 2".I love being able to sip on drinks in the sunshine, while a cover band plays live hits ranging from the 70's to present . The guys we often travel with love to be able to gamble and get away from us yapping women. Here, they can do that, because they have outdoor blackjack tables. I see a lot of people sit in the chairs, facing the band, or dancing to the lovely music near the stage. Me? I just want to sit and take it all in, with a big, tall, fruity cocktail in my hand. As for the location, it's right outside of the Harrah's hotel. You have to use the casino restrooms, which is quite a trek, but well worth it considering there's no cover charge midday and the drinks cost a lot less than in the clubs or around the nicer hotel pools. To me, the bar itself looks like a Merry-go-round. That has nothing to do with nothing, but it really helps in describing it to friends when referring them to check it out. I don't go to Vegas as often as I used to, but this is one spot I never miss, when I do.
3	Hmmmmm.....  Unsure how to rate this place.  I'm having a bipolar moment because I really want to hate this place but I also had a lot of fun here on one occasion.  I've been here a couple of times and on my first couple visits it left me disappointed.  Watching the bartenders gets old after a few minutes.  This reminds me of Vegas's version of a dive bar. I'm a sucker for dive bars but this is a very crowded overrated dive bar.  My last visit was different, I had an absolute blast and based off of that experience alone, I would definitely go back.  They played great music that night and the shots of Patron were massive.   It was a great vibe with some crazy ass people.  The next morning I woke up with a burrito in my purse so I'm guessing night ended pretty well.
4	I used to come here a lot after work to hang out with my co workers (when I used to work on the strip) a few years back, so it actually has been that long ago since I've been here.  Came here to have some drinks with a friend who was celebrating a special occasion.  We got here kind of late (about 12am), the one thing I was shocked was that they charge a fee to get in.  While we were waiting in line, there were a lot of people jumping out of line as soon as they saw the entrance fee.  I admit, we were one of them because who doesn't let locals get in for free?!  Any way, easiest way to get around that is get there early and get your band ahead of time.  Soooo....The atmosphere is loud and fun.  They have go-go dancers, a DJ and a dancefloor, and your very talented flare-bartenders.  Drinks yes are pricey, but don't forget you are on the Las Vegas Strip, the bartenders however poor heavy, so you make out with that (think you are ordering a double) or you know what, order something strong.    Great place to take friends I'm sure, it is a one of a kind bar.  You are sure to have a good time at least people watching keeps me occupied here.
4	My favorite dance place in Vegas.  No cover, awesome bartenders (w/ fire shows!), great dance/party music (but still a big variety of music), and it's outside, but covered.  It's so much fun.  I've been here each time I've been to Vegas & will continue to frequent in the future.  The only con that I have is that I really wish the bartenders would give it a rest w/ the whistles.  It's really loud & can get really annoying.  If it weren't for the whistles, I'd give it 5 stars.
4	OMG why didn't I discover this place earlier. I love the vibe and the fact that it is outside. We came here on a Sunday night during Memorial Day weekend and of course there is a cover charge of $10. Not bad. On non-peak days, there is no cover charge. Nice decent size dance floor. Bartenders are awesome and entertaining.  Reminds me of Tom Cruise in the movie "Cocktail." Seriously these bartenders have talent. Oh and this place has a few blackjack tables which is a plus for my BF since he loves to gamble. The DJ was awesome and played a lot of old school as well as some new school songs.This is great place to hang out, dance, and get your drink on. If you just looking to have fun and want to avoid the pain in waiting in line at the hottest clubs in Vegas, this is the place to go for a much different vibe.
4	This is by far the best part of staying at Harrah's - not that you have to stay here to come but it does provide easier access!This outdoor bar that provides live music and entertainment is one of the best places I have seen in Vegas.  I have been here a few times on my trips to Vegas and will always come back.The bartenders are awesome and definitely keep you entertained and if you are lucky as the night goes on there tends to be some really good free shots going around!
1	Carnaval Court would have gotten 4 or 5 stars from me.  However, terrible customer service dropped my rating REALLY fast.  We came here after our wedding reception on June 22nd.  Most of our guests joined us.  In total, we had about 25 people.  When we got there, they let us sit in their new section with all the couches.  This was at about 5:30 p.m.  We were having a great time.  Dancing to the bands, ordering countless buckets of beer and mixed drinks.  Around 10 p.m. (after we had spent hundreds and hundreds of dollars on alcohol here), security came to kick us out because they use that area for bottle service at this time.  This is where my issue comes in.  I know how bottle service works in Vegas, so I had no problem moving.  It was the way they treated us that bothered me.  After we spent the last 4 1/2 hours there, security came to kick us out very rudely.  They were rude to all of my guests.  They said we never should have been sitting there in the first place.  That's funny - why did no one mention that to us earlier and why were their waitresses serving us drinks up there with no issues?  One of my guests works in hotel management and he tried to speak to two different people to fix the situation.  Both of them basically ignored him.  One security person wouldn't let me back up in the area to let me help my guests move their things.  I told her they were my wedding guests and I was trying to help move things faster, but she blocked me from going up the stairs.  This could have been handled totally differently.  All they had to say was, hey, this area is for bottle service after 10 p.m., we will accommodate you somewhere else.  We'll help you move your things.  DONE!  They just didn't seem to care about how much money we had spent there. Even if we hadn't, why would you treat people at your business like that?  I was not a fan.  Sorry Carnaval Court.  I would have loved to spend the rest of my evening there, but me and my 25 guests decided to celebrate somewhere else.
1	I visit this place every time I go to Vegas. The bartender Flippy is amazing, and the bands are always great. This time, we went twice. Once during that day, and then after we had dinner. When we got back, we enter through Harrah's like we have done before. Apparently, they have changed that and you need to enter from the street. No problem. But also, there is now a cover charge on Friday and Saturday nights. Again, this wouldn't normally be a problem. But we had just spent a ton of money there during they day. So we asked if it could be waved. And it was with horrible customer service that this was handled with a rude no. Really?!?!? Not only did we spend a ton of money, we are staying at Harrah's, their property. I spoke to security, the security manager, and the F&B manager. I have been on the restaurant/bar business a long time, and this is not a normal practice.
4	The bartenders here are highly skilled performers that do much more than just pour your drink. At this bar outside of Harrah's, you find the best "flair" bartenders in Las Vegas. The last thing you wanna order here is a draft beer.Drinks are pricy but come out pretty consistently which may seem surprising with how many flips and fancy moves the bartenders here can do. Great music and live entertainment at this outdoor bar. They had a couple of rock bands tearing it up. This is definitely where the party gets started! The food is pretty decent. The only downside is the uncontrollable heat during the summer months so definitely go at night and be sure to secure yourself a seat at the bar to enjoy the flair show!
4	My new favorite bar in Vegas! My mom and I came here one afternoon on a recommendation from a friend of hers, and had a blast. The bartenders were crazy and fun (and pretty impressive with the bottle juggling), an 80s hair metal cover band was playing, and the place overall had a really fun/non-snooty vibe. Plus, I like any place that doles out free (well, technically they require a tip) shots poured in one's mouth, and any place that gets my mom to do one of said shots!We came back again in the evening, when the place was much more crowded and a DJ was playing. I preferred the afternoon atmosphere more than the late-night one, but it was still a great time. I'm giving it four stars instead of five because the drinks were a bit overpriced (though I guess that's to be expected on the Strip), and because the vibe definitely changes from day to evening. I highly recommend making a stop here next time you're in Vegas!
5	If you are in Las Vegas stop by the Carnaval Bar Court between Harrahs and the Quad Hotel. Those guys will amaze you with their tricks and bar tending skills. Stamp by "MrVegasVip"
4	One of my fav spots in Vegas! I love going here to sit and watch bands & the bartenders!! My hubby & I came here on 8/7/13, there was an awesome band playing, The Crashers, we really enjoyed it!! Everyone was dancing & having a great time!! The only downside is the price of the drinks, very expensive, but it is Vegas!!  What do you expect???
1	This *used* to be my favorite spot in Vegas, but Harrah's has completely ruined it over the past couple years.  Before it would have rated 5 stars easily... Now, if I could vote less than one star I would.  They used to have awesome cover bands, and djs.  When I went this time, the "cover band" only played a prepared set list, didn't take requests, and played the same pop music you hear in Every. Vegas. Club....   whack.Finally the DJ came on.  He was doing ok until he kept shouting nonstop on the mic, and then started dancing on stage... and not well... They also cut down on the amount of flair bar-tending, and they also got rid of fire altogether.Just to make sure that this wasn't an off night, I came back the following night and it was exactly the same band, playing exactly the same setlist, followed by the same DJ.  To add insult to injury, they've added go-go dancers, and a VIP area, firmly solidifying Carnival Court as just another spot that douchebags in Vegas go to hang out.  This is a grade-A, category 5 failure.  I do not recommend going.
1	A decade later, it's just not the same....maybe I'm just older now. Maybe it's the crowd? Eh, whatever it was or IS, it's just not the place for me.
4	Had a great time at Carnaval. Great bartenders with a fun show. The DJ was great and the band in between sets was a blast.
4	When friends and I were in Vegas last month, us girls were looking for a place to dance one of the nights we would be there. We didn't really feel like dealing with any of the insanely packed dance clubs that feature celebs and high priced covers, so someone mentioned this place. Since we were right across the street staying at the Mirage, we were down to give it a try. I have to say this is the most fun I've had dancing in Vegas. There was a live band playing which played a mixture of classic rock, mainstream rock, etc. Then around midnight, a DJ starting playing 90s rap music which brought us back to our high school days.Not everyone was dancing, so it was a perfect sized area for those that wanted to be up by the stage. The bartenders were entertaining with their bottle juggling and they seemed to make decently booze filled drinks, but the prices made my bunghole cringe! $16 for a long island in a small plastic cup? I think my friends vodka/cran was $13.What I always like to do is bring a flask and fill it up in the room before I head anywhere on the strip because I'm cheap like that. Then order a coke/juice and fill it up when they're not looking. This place is dark enough and there's quite enough seats that you most definitely won't be caught. Screw em for charging these inflated prices!The DJ will often throughout the night offer up free shots from the bartenders to get the crowd lively. I opted to get a free shot, but it wasn't worth the $5 tip that my husband left. It was like a lime margarita mix. PFFT.Also, this place is filled with people in their late 20s-50s. A wide variety of ages can be seen here. At least the night we came.It was kind of funny. The DJ put on a Michael Jackson song, and my husband started busting out the moon walk and you could see a flock of cougars swarm him like flies around shit. I couldn't stop laughing, but we all had fun, so it was worth it.Whenever I'm back in Vegas, I'll be sure to stay at this end of the strip just so I can go back to Carnaval Court.BTW, where's the bathroom? You get dinged a star for this since you almost made me pee my pants.
4	Ok...the dance cover band "Mr $ Mrs Smith" were HOT. Played production dance music like Rihanna, Calvin Harris, David Guetta, Black Eyed Peas like pros and it was so much fun.
5	Yes sir, out of all the clubs/bars on The Strip, this is where I had the most intoxicated fun. Sure, single man travelling to Vegas by himself; yeah, I went to the "trendy" popular clubs right across the street and next door. You know what though? I'm from Miami on vacation. I had no patience for long lines to finally enter and encounter attitude by people who just wanted to say they went "there." No thank you, I could do that by staying right here in Miami. Anyways, after walking in and checking them out, I alway came here. Here you will find cheaper drinks, just as strong if not stronger, a friendly attitude-free staff and MANY friendly locals. I encountered more locals here than anywhere else. That alone should say lots about a place. Best time to come here for dancing and a pretty large crowd is obviously on the weekend. During the week it's more toned down as far as a crowd is concerned and it's a mix of live performances from local bands and a DJ. I have a ton of pictures. You're going to have to give me some time to post them. I have to blur out the faces of some of the people I took a picture with. I was the guy wearing the fur coat that everyone wanted to take a picture with. Only downside to this bar is that they aren't open as late as they should be. Bummer, I was under the impression that everything was going to be open 24/7 in Vegas and it is not.
4	i was here in oct 2011 if i remember right and there was a white zombie looking band playing some excellent stuff.  i didnt watch the bartenders but it made an nice outdoor passerby entertainment venue.  if covers are  levied thats a shame.  i would have bought drinks there just for the sake of it without any cover charges.   it was a lively venue.
5	This is my favorite bar in the world. Full of vegas locals it seems. The band gets people dancing and when u want to take a break from the dance floor, sit on the bar and be amazed at how well those bartenders handle the drinks. Never have to worry about long lines, and through the roof cover charges. Oh and pretentious vegas people.
1	THE BARTENDER MIG IS RUDE. Me and my boyfriend went to Vegas on Saturday night, and my friend who lives there suggested that we meet her at the carnival court bar, so we did. Everything was fine until Mig cut off my boyfriend after two drinks. My boyfriend wasn't acting belligerent or rude, but I guess Mig didn't like him for some reason. We left and my friend asked what happened and he rudely told her that he didn't have to explain himself to her. If I could, I would give this place 0 stars. I understand Vegas is expensive and we didn't have a problem with that. Luckily we ended up going into Harrahs where the drinks were significantly cheaper. But because of Mig, we didn't get to fully enjoy our night. This bar should hire people who know how to respect customers. He was rude to me, my boyfriend, and my friends after we left. It's employees like Mig that kill a business.
5	Loved the Garage band as well as the Dj so much that i was drawn to spend my night in this bar twice in my 4 nights stay in Vegas. Just outside the Harrah's, the place is cool with awesome crowd. Drinks were reasonably priced with no cover charge :) The garage band is just awesome!!
5	Carnaval Court has become one of our staples in Vegas for daytime entertainment. No question it's alcoholic haze induces a circus like atmosphere. The bartenders are simply amazing with their various bar tricks and the masterful display of bottle work.  Not to be shown up are the equally entertaining people who frequent this place. More often than not on the further end of inebriation scale contributing to prove the anything goes Vegas party scene isn't all about bottle service and trendy clubs.  Arrive around 1:30pm for the live music and always be sure to ask for Jaimie the bartender.  He is a trip and the grand elder at Carnaval Court.
5	While this place never ends in a fun morning for me, it is always a blast the night of!!!! It's worth a trip just to watch the bartenders throwing things in the air and balancing things on their heads! They usually have some really fun love bands (although the last time we were here the band looked like smelly nerds and were rather rude..) My favorite bar in all of Vegas!
5	I love this place and come here every time i am in vegas. My fav bartender is Steven. He's hot for one thing but also he can slay cherries on a cocktail sword clenched between his teeth! I cant even catch popcorn in my mouth. They have live music at night, its a fun atmosphere, & the people watching never disappoints.
4	Dancing outdoors in Vegas. Affordable drinks. Live bands. Go go dancers. We entered for free. Casual. -1 for lack of enough outdoor heaters.
5	This place was sooooooooooo much fun!! We stopped here randomly in the middle of the day, and the place was bumping with a band. The bartenders genuinely seem to be having fun and really know how to put on a good show. They can poor about 10 shots (who knows, maybe even more!) at once, and have mastered tons of flips and tricks. We lucked out to find a guy who had gotten arrested the night before, but was free and ready to celebrate, so he paid for all of our drinks! hahaha... even without that, this was one of our favorite stops and we keep talking about how much we want to go back!! Can't wait.
3	Great drinks. I like the flare bartenders but they can be a friendlier. They cut off my friend cuz he was trying to be funny. Every time I go there I have fun but the last time wasnt fun.
5	I'll tell you what- I've been a bartender for 8 years, and in that time, both times I have come to Vegas, I have come to Carnaval Court to watch the bartender's flair skills! My hubby and I came to Vegas last weekend on a very tight budget, and we ended up coming here all 3 nights of our vacation! Strong drinks, great entertainment, skillfull, engaging bartenders, live music- whats not to love??!!We had an absolute blast watching the bartenders, the crowd, the dancers, the band- didn't regret for one second not going to a "fancy" nightclub. Kudos to the staff- you all are great at what you do, in my book!! Looking forward to next time!!
4	A really fun bar at Harrah's on the Las Vegas Strip.  Everyday this place will have several live bands and DJ's throughout the day and into the late night hours.  If you have the itch to play blackjack, Carnaval Court also has blackjack tables!  The only reason I gave 4 stars is sometimes it can take forever to get a drink if the place is busy.  My words of advice, double up on your drinks when you order, or go to the bar by the main entrance to get your drinks.
3	Great open court with awesome live music. We sat down for 30 minutes before a waitress stopped at our table. I asked to see a drink/grill menu. She looked at me like I was crazy and told me the don't sell food. Ok, so please remove "& grill" from your name. The "free shots" they give away taste like Hi-C from McDonalds. I'm only giving three stars because their live band was amazing!
5	So much fun. I wish we found this place sooner on our trip and on my past trips to Vegas! The bartenders are hysterical and talented. The entertainment is always great too. It is a must see in Vegas and a great bar that is not "clubby."
5	Great staff and service! Arguably the best bar to day drink in all of Las Vegas. You also get your money's worth with every drink you by. The rotating love bands they have here actually are great too. Come ready to party and you will not be disappointed!!!
5	In the past 3 years that my wife and I have been coming to Vegas we always hit up Carnaval Court. "Awesome", and the other guys there were responsible for me passing out shortly after. Gotta love the "free shots". Music is always bumoing, the other patrons are engaging and friendly. I will be back November 12th.... get ready
5	I absolutely love Carnival Court. Here's why:: They have great entertainment, poker and blackjack tables, girls dancing high above the crowd on the exteriors in cages, live music and a dance floor, and bartenders who do tricks, play games, and pass out free shots!! Mig is an amazing bartender....I come to see him whenever I am in Vegas. They pile things high on their heads, out their mouths, add fire, ice, glass etc and walk around the entire circular bar. They are always throwing around bottles and spinning around doing fancy things. Drinks are affordable, entertainment is great, and I love the outside and open concept. You do have to use the bathroom in Harrah's which is next door. That kind of blows. Definetly go to Carnival Court when you're in Vegas: you will love the laid back feel and you will not be bored!
5	When I was 21, young & dumb, I'd go to Vegas and engage in a list of shenanigans and feel unapologetic about it all.  Now that I am quite older, I have the rationality to know when I'm acting (a little) crazy.  After a long Sunday... yeah a Sunday night... I would like to the apologize to the following people at Carnaval Court:1 - Sorry to the girl who got on the dance floor and 1 sec later lost her filled cup of booze to my flailing, electrified arm.  Luckily, she looked at me, stared, shrugged then went back to the bar.2 - Super sorry to the 5 gals sitting at the round booth.  I am sorry I left my sweater there are forced you all to watch it and not spill anything on it as I repeated annoyingly that I would be extremely distraught if I lost the sweater.3 - Apologies to the female whom I unkindly told that her boyfriend couldn't dress and that his vest look was 'so early 90s'.  I was even luckier that she did not slap me in the face (and I am pretty sure she dressed him).4- All kinds of sorry to the security guard for putting up with a drunk and belligerent Asian with glasses.  This same Asian yelled over the music and danced spaztically around while happily ordering bartender's choice shots, then stood up, quickly gagging on them.  In short, this bar is AWESOME! They check IDs, but there is no cover.  You can also DANCE outside to a live band which is actually a decent, talented group of guys.  More importantly, the bartenders are not only knowledgeable of how to pour a #$%^ drink, but also do it with some flair and a smile. Props to the bartenders working here! Drinks are normal price for The Strip, but they aren't weak pours by any means. Lots of the people were locals who were loyal fans / regulars.  I think I made 10 new friends... and whether they wanted to talk to me or not- does not matter! I was on a mission to have a good night and succeeded.
5	One of the BEST bars in Vegas hands down! Forget the clubs and come here! I first came to Carnival bar in July 2007 and have been coming back every time ever since. They have a huge dance floor with live music and the band's that play are always awesome! Then after the band is done a DJ comes on stage and spins all night. The bartenders do amazing bar tricks that are sure to impress. They have so much open space where you don't feel crammed or pushed around. You can even do bottle service for a very reasonable price where you have your own section and table. They have hot girls dancing up above you and you can gamble there too. So much entertainment in one spot!Always a fun crowd and great music to dance to. This place is great for groups as you will have no problem getting in. There is a small cover charge but it's definitely worth it! Love it here!!
4	5 Stars for the Bartenders. They are absolutely hilarious and entertaining. They do awesome bar tricks and poke fun at each other and the patrons. 5 Stars for the female singer of Mr. & Mrs. Smith. Mr. Smith is worth the eye candy but he is pretty bad. 3 Stars for the DJ who has 3 songs: Don't Stop Believing, Shots by LMFAO, and I'm sexy and I know it. These songs are played every 30 minutes. Overall it was an amazing time- mostly due to the awesome bartenders! I wouldn't normally come here because it looks kind of seedy, but I will definitely be back!
5	One of my top....if not my top spot in Las Vegas!  It is always a good time if you go at 12 noon or 12 midnight!  Great live music, and fun dj music as it gets later in the day.  I have made a trip here ever since I wandered in about 5 years ago, and it hasn't changed one bit!  I even recognize some of the bartenders as I return year after year.  Feels like home!  Haha wait...does that mean I have a Carnaval Court problem?  Perhaps.  Headed back for another trip next week and can't wait!  Swing by the place if you are looking for something fun and different!  You will find all types of people at that place and there is a laid back yet party atmosphere that will never disappoint!
4	One of the best places in the world for flair bartenders, a lot of these guys were in the Legends of Bartending flair competition and many of them won.  Much respect for their skills and patience for drunken assholes.  They get huge well deserved tips, especially from me and anyone I bring there with me.  TRUE STORY - I lived in Vegas a while back and would bring friends who were visiting to Carnival Court so they could watch these guys flair.  I went there half a dozen times over a year period and didn't know any of them by name nor did I have a conversation with any of them.  I'd just order my Jack and Coke and bartender's choice for whoever I was with.  I moved out of town and was back visiting Carnival Court a few years later.  I remembered the guy who used to serve me years ago from his name tag "Christian".   He looked at me and took a few seconds to say "Jack and Coke right?"  2 years later!!   Truly amazing memory which warranted a $100 tip, these guys are at the top of their game for sure!The downside, however expected, is the perpetually sticky floor and pretty much sticky everything.  Go easy if you have nice shoes on or pants that may come in contact with this floor, other than that it's an awesome time.
1	You guys really need to check ID's on credit card purchases! I understand it is Vegas and it gets extremely busy, but we got 3 credit card purchases done to our account that wasn't even us. Now we have to wait for reimbursement from our credit card company.
5	I love coming to Carnival Court when the Garage Boys are playing. They have such a high energy, rockin show.  I always have an amazing time!! I always check their website to see when they are playing here.
5	Anyone who gives this place a bad review after one experience, go back! Your being unfair. This place I've been to every time my friend has been in town (so probably about 4 times) and then once when another friend came into town who's never been. I would choose this bar over any night club. There's no cover charge, drinks are amazing, BARTENDERS AND THE ATMOSPHERE they bring are the reason why I love it! I definitely come here only when I have the means to uh....get drunk that night. To me it's not just a bar you go to to have one casual drink, no, you go there to DRINK. Or atleast start or end your night there. The tall drinks they serve well worth the price tag, the load those things with whatever you want! You only need one! There's a bartender there I absolutely adore, remembers me every time. Haven't been back in a few months, I miss it, but like I said, it's a place to get drunk and well, I haven't been doing that hahahha. Can't wait to go back. Love love love.
5	Had such a great time here!!! Got seats at the bar and watched the bartenders preform the whole time. Warning: the drinks are strong and you will get smashed! Lol We will def be back next time we come to Vegas :)
5	Awesome bar - the Whip Its are an absolute MUST SEE!  Fantastic cover band with raunchy banter.
4	4 stars for being exactly what it's supposed to be...a casual, no frills, fun bar with lively and fun staff, a good cover band and fun and cheesy DJ...I have been coming to this place for several years and it never dissapoints...when I have an urge to just hang out with friends, meet fun people, listen to fun sing along music that I can also dance to and not worry about gettin on a VIP list, buying bottle service, or having to be around people pretending to be what they are not....this is the place I always think of when in Vegas and wish I had one at home too...lots of locals from the service industry were here when we were here this past tuesday and they seemed to be a very friendly and happy bunch...I will always come back here and reccomend to like minded friends. Oh and they also have flair bartenders that are super talented and friendly!
4	I'm in Vegas at least twice a year and come here every time!  The plus is if The Garage Boys are playing!  They have bands throughout the day and they're usually very good.  Bartenders are entertaining so when the band is on break, you have the bartenders to entertain you and give you a free shot of whatever concoction they come up with.
5	Located between Harrah's and The Quad on the famous Las Vegas Strip. The Carnival Court is a covered open air bar, and it is a total blast! So much better then the DB ridden night clubs. No cover charge and they have live music, no you didn't misread that LIVE MUSIC I say!So I say if you are in the neighborhood stop in,have a touch of the creature and get your groove on. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	Cool outdoor bar with a few gambling tables and a stage with free live music throughout the day. We had a good time listening to the band. The band played and sang very well, but their schtick I could have done without. When you play well you don't need a hook.The location is cool, I like the tent-like feel of being outside but protected from the elements. We were there in the late afternoon and the sun was shining right into the bar seating area, which was a bit annoying, but what can you do about the sun when you're outside?The bartenders were practicing the "Cocktail"-esque bottle flipping when we were there with fake bottles. I'm sure at night their theatrics are very cool.The place is plenty big and it was a good blend of music, bar scene, dance club, and gambling spot to keep any kind of Vegas visitor occupied. Cool spot to go if your party can't agree on what to do at night.
5	Whippets 80's band was the shit.  That is all.
5	I have been coming to this venue for years.  Always a great time & it is full of energy.  It is like attending a friends raging party.  Bartenders are hands down the best in Vegas.  Whether you want to dance or just drink & people-watch, this is the place for you.  Reasonable cover & normal Vegas Strip club drink prices.  Just wish they would go back to their "ladies free" admission policy.  But like I mentioned, cover is reasonable.  This place will not disappoint!
4	Really cool place to hang out, cool bartender and they give you free shoot every now and then as long as you are staying on the bar.No outside drink allow.Mr. & Mrs Smith band rock on :)
5	I loved this bar. My cousin and I would hit up other bars on the strip but somehow we always ended up back here. The music is a good mix of early 2000's to today. The bartenders do crazy tricks (like juggling fire bottles). Also they give out free shots!!  If your in the area I would highly recommend checking it out!
5	This place is a blast.  Great atmosphere and the bartenders are a lot of fun. Highly recommend.
1	We come here every year during our annual Vegas vacation and decided to step it up this year and order bottle service. We had a group of 14 people and so wanted to ensure we had a good place to hang out to celebrate my 30th.A month before our arrival, I called daily for a week to try and reach someone at the bar to see about making this reservation. Finally after calling in the evening instead, I got a hold of a manager who was very helpful. I learned prices and made the reservation and understood that this manager would be on duty that night. I even got my email confirmation and so we were set.So we show up this past Friday at 10pm on the dot, just to have the same manager tell us to our faces that he has no idea who we are and that we don't have a reservation. I was furious. We were seated anyways as the VIP area was empty. We got one bottle that was higher priced than I was quoted and had spotty service. We decided after the one bottle to leave as service was junk and our group wasn't having fun. I was then told there would be a two bottle minimum to stay in our seats, which was also never discussed.While this bar is enjoyable and the band is always good, I was very disappointed with the level of service we received. Apparently reservations mean nothing and $215 for a bottle of vodka is a ridiculous.
5	What an amazing outside bar! Mig and Rob were amazing bartenders! We will be back! No lines to get in and no cover charge! I think we spent more $$$ on tipping these amazing bartenders, what a show they all put on! Great bands, DJ's and atmosphere! Drinks were reasonably priced for Vegas! This place is a must visit!
4	Went to Vegas last month on my Annual Girls Trip and wanted to go to a bar/club that was fun and had great music but wasnt so packed you cant move on th dance floor or was filled with girls in super tight short skirts walking around like baby deers in their ridiculously high shoes... so we thought lets try Carnaval... now this is my type of Bar! We got there about 8 before they charged a cover and got a table close to the bar.. they have a DJ and a cover band that plays all kinds of great dance music... they even have good looking GoGo dancers.. its so nice how its open so your not dying of heat or feeling like sardines... the bartenders do their flare and that is fun to watch... if you tip well the bartenders take good care of you!! dont be cheap people tip your bartenders well!!! I will definitely go back here again... fun fun fun... :)
4	I would give it a 3 and 1/2!  I read about the bartenders doing some juggling acts and with fire at that!   We saw it and It was fun entertainment and they also have go go girls around the whole area dancing above your heads in cages.  It's an outdoor bar with heat lamps to keep you warm and it was rather cold here in Vegas last night.  The band, Mr. and Mrs. Smith played Top 40 songs one after the other to keep the momentum going and the bar occasionally offered free shots.  Plenty of room for dancing.  They also have a DJ as well and he kept people dancing too.  On a Saturday night, the cover charge was $10 for men and $5 for women.  We were hoping for some oldies music like Michael Jackson and such but only got a few verses of ABC from the band mixed with other songs.  Good if you feel like dancing.
