3	Westin opened a little early with some teething troubleSomehow by accident I managed to book in at this Westin that had only opened the previous day. It was not listed on Google Maps, so finding it was a bit tricky. The sign above the door was not completely in place which didn't help.I had called to confirm my reservation (SPG points with cash) and the front desk agent did not have record of it but we decided to go anyway. At the hotel a confused security guard at the adjacent open air parking lot wasn't sure if we could park there (we learned later that we would have been towed if we had, but there were no signs up). Turns out there is only valet parking here - the valet parks the car in the several floors of parking on the lower levels of the hotel.At the front desk it took many minutes of phone calls to central reservations with the details from my confirmation email to confirm that yes, indeed, I did have a reservation, even though it wasn't showing up in the hotel's system. The duty manager agreed to comp me the valet parking fee ($28) for all the uncertainty and delays.The following morning on reading the email folio it seems I was not comped the parking fee. A call to reception and they asked me "what was the name of the duty manager" and they were in the end able to sort it out.The hotel is clean, as you would expect since it's brand new. The staff is very willing to be helpful, even though the systems and processes to support this willingness seem to be lacking. There is a deal where you get points or cash for forgoing maid service for your room if you stay multiple nights. Unfortunately since there are no towel rails, only a single towel ring and a hook on the back of a door, it would be pretty difficult to get towels aired successfully to take advantage of this.The internal phone "on hold" system still states that the hotel is not yet open.The lounge has a rather odd "feature" in that all the books on the bookcases are placed with their spines facing inwards so you can't see them. I turned a few the right way round and found a nice Alistair Cooke book there "The Americas" covering his essays in the 1970s through Watergate etc.The pool isn't yet open - check before you go.Once they get this place fully up and running the friendliness of the staff will make it a fine hotel.
5	I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights 3/25-3/28. I found the customer service to be out of control superior, at times, overwhelming (2 valet attendants to assist with one car?). Quite a contrast from what I read in previous reviews. I figured maybe it was because it was new, they had an abundance of staff and not enough guests to attend to so they rushed to assist those they had. It's better than having no or bad service!Yes, it seems like an office building and that's because that is what it was supposed to do but they have tried to add some decor and that works. I love the sturdy feel of the rooms and floors, I did not get the feeling that there was anyone in the room next to me although at one point I realized there was. The rooms - EXCELLENT! They could use a little art but they were overall amazing. Floor to ceiling sized windows with breathtaking views, modern and spacious, plenty of amenities, everything you could possibly need (a large glass desk with TWO chairs, a couch, large flat screen TV, 2 iPod docking stations, one was for a clock radio the other connects to the TV, there was a Starbucks one cup coffee maker, a fridge, plenty of closet space). The only thing missing was a mini-microwave. And this is the standard room! There is a business center on the 11th floor (overpriced internet usage rates but fairly typical), they did allow free boarding pass printing though. The workout room was also on the 11th floor and it had all the current elliptical machines and decent weight selection and machines and was free to use with room rate. The only down side was that the pool was not yet open. There is just one restaurant and bar, but it has a door that leads to a large patio with a waterfall wall and also a large gas fire pit that can be turned on (as we requested at night). You can take your drinks from the bar and lounge out there.In addition, the hotel is centrally located in downtown Phoenix across the street from a light rail station, and also a couple of blocks from various shops and restaurants at the Arizona Center and nearby areas.
5	I've been staying at this hotel periodically since May, and the service has just been getting better and better. The front desk staff is among the friendliest I've had the pleasure of dealing with.The rooms are enormous lofts with floor-to-ceiling windows spanning  entire sides of the room. All rooms include a refrigerator and a safe. A downside is that if the phone rings while you are in the shower or footed bathtub, it'll take you 30 seconds to make it to the other side of the room to answer the phone. Yes...the corner suites are that big.The WestinWORKOUT Fitness Center is accessible 24x7. Water, towels, and disposable earbuds are available. The fitness machines will allow you to plug in your iPods/iPhones to watch videos while you work out.The Executive Club lounge is accessible to Preferred Guest status holders and up to two guests from 6 am until 10 pm daily. Non-members can have access to the lounge for $30/day.The pool opened on 23 June 2011. This is more of a lounge pool, so don't expect to swim laps up here.
5	This place is FANTASTIC!  Great staff, great oversized rooms and very very clean.  Bathrooms are modern and clean, not to mention the floor to ceiling 10 foot windows! Which overlook chase field.  When in Phoenix The Westin is a no brainer.  Pass go and collect your 200 dollars
5	Stayed here last weekend and was blown away by how gorgeous this hotel is! We lucked out and got put in a corner room with floor to ceiling views of the valley. The room was huge and everything was decorated beautifully! The staff was friendly and helpful from check in to check out. We did not try the restaurant, but will definitely get there at some point. I will say that the cookies and milk on the room service menu was delicious!! Great place and I recommend it to anyone wanting to stay in the Phoenix area!!
5	I've been lucky to stay at other Westins in other states and I'm happy to see that this one lives up to the hype of the others.Dare I even venture to say that this is the best one of them all? I think I may have to.While some people complain about the sparseness of the hotels, the lack of decor, blah blah blah...I think to get mired in fussy BS decor really isn't it for me. For me, it's the comfort factor. To be honest, if they had that fussy fussy girlie shit decor, I'd be a little put off. I'm the kind of girl who hates frills and hates overly decorated hotels.That said, some of the best nights of sleep I've had in my life were here. The bed was PERFECT. I like firm beds and this was a firm with a slight bit of give - wonderful! I hate those scary blankets between the sheet and the comforter/bed cover - you know what I'm talking about...those velux blankets that are either yellow or blue.. *barfs* Mercifully, they are not found here. YAY!!! Instead, you get a down comforter or something like that. It set my allergies off along with the down pillows, but I will take extra allergy meds to offset that.Staff was friendly and accommodating. Better than some 5 star hotels I've stayed in.Location is great - a couple of small blocks away are Alice Cooperstown, Tilted Kilt and a host of other places to eat at. All easily within walking distance.When we go back to visit, we will definitely be staying here...plus, this place is DOG FRIENDLY!!!! We will be bringing along little rex rex next time. They provide food and water bowls and a dog bed for pampered puppy to sleep in.
5	We stayed at this gorgeous hotel on New Year's Eve and had a great time.  The room was very large and nice - we booked a corner king room to ensure we had the large bathtub.  The bathroom was my favorite part of the hotel room.  A really cool rain shower, amazing views of the city and that bathtub was epic.  Overall a very chic feel.  So clean!  And on top of it, the staff was great, quick and very accommodating.
5	Always love my stays at Starwood properties!This is a very new building with modern decor. The staff is always top notch at a Westin which is great. Yes, it's pricey but worth every penny!
4	I am definitely a fan of the Westin in Downtown Phoenix. The rooms are pricey but we managed to comfortably squeeze five people into one. Yes, I just admitted that. Don't judge me. Our room had two queen beds, a couch, a desk and plenty of space for everyone.Other perks: the hotel provides free bottled water (in the rooms and in the fitness center); the salt water swimming pool is heated; the Heavenly bed. Warning: don't order food or drinks from the pool menu. It will cost more than the hotel room itself.
4	For a business trip, this hotel is amazing. I love the Westin brand, but I have to say this particular hotel is wonderful. It's a little shy on amenities, but the staff here more than makes up for it. They are positive, friendly and very customer focused. The rooms are large and if you are lucky enough to get a corner room, you will be wonderfully excited with the spaciousness and views. I choose to stay here every chance I get. Thanks, Starwood!
3	Amazing rooms, but be aware they charge you for everything.  Wifi isn't free and don't even think about making phone calls using the room phone.
4	After watching back to back episodes of Hotel Impossible on the Travel Channel...I decided to write this review for a hotel I stayed in last March 2012. I really enjoyed staying at this hotel. The staff were friendly as soon as I walked in the door. Excellent 5-star customer service. We requested more towels and a humidifier for our room (since the dry weather made it difficult to sleep) and they were brought to our room within minutes of the request. The room is incredible. We had a 2 queen bed room and it was huge! The rooms were very spacious and even had a desk and a couch to sit on. So my space and the views of downtown were nice. We were lucky enough to get a corner room...the next time you  (or I) stay there...I might suggest you (or I) request for a corner room. I love the bed...so comfy! Exactly what you want out of a hotel bed...and the queen size means there is a lot of room (when you share with someone you don't have to cuddle if you don't want to!) The hotel exterior and interior is clean and well maintained. It is never difficult to find a staff member and the hotel restaurant served it's purpose. I would definitely recommend this hotel and stay there again!
4	I always stay here. I love the rooms and especially that corner suite.However, I wish they had a pool you could actually use.  Also, one other note to the valet people: please don't touch the windows.. There is no reason to touch the car windows, that's why there are door handles.  To some people it's annoying. Thanks!
4	Nice rooms..very big..lobby is small and weird shaped hotel bar okay...staff is nice but not overly great...no tubs in room just stand up shower but I like that...I didn't use the gym although my belly says I should have and pool was closed for some private event...parking is $27 overnight which is stupid.  There is a garage across street that is $12 overnight...no in room drinks after 1:30 am
4	They were probably short staffed as they took forever and a day to bring our luggage and our dog's sleepover package.  It was all made up with a sweet looking tub and view of downtown.
1	The hotel is beautiful. The rooms are comfortable and roomy. And the beds are great.To good news ends there.This Westin's service is horrendous--from Direct of Operations, Brian Dell'Ergo (who I'm sure sets the tone) on down.When the front desk manager hands you a room key that fails to open your door after a late check-in, you tell yourself it's just a fluke. When you run down to the lounge to grab breakfast prior to your 9am meeting and the pans are stuck with leftovers from the night before, you might be frustrated, but you tell yourself this kind of thing happens from time to time.Over a two month period, I stayed at this Westin five times. Looking back, I struggle to understand how this hotel has permission to carry the Westin (and Starwood) name.Admittedly, the hotel beds are comfortable and its rooms are spacious. That doesn't mean much, though, when you end up with scabies all over your legs, chest, and arms.The crusted scabs between my fingers were probably most disgusting. It took over three weeks for the red bites and itching to go away after taking the prescription medication my doctor provided.When the front desk billed the wrong credit card to settle charges at the end of the week, I contacted the billing department. I left a few messages with the billing/accounts manager. He promptly returned my first call, but hasn't returned a single call since.Yes, this hotel is beautiful. But the service is downright horrendous. I, for one, am not willing to get another round of scabies. I like to eat in the morning. I want my room key to open my door after a long day. And I can't afford billing errors.As a result, I will not be going back to this "Westin." And I most certainly will do a better job researching hotels on an individual basis.This hotel cannot be trusted.
5	very pleasant experience, I'm not one to review hotels unless its a resort. staff was attentive, pleasant and knowledgeable. Kate at the front desk, was the star of my visit. She knew exactly where to point me for food, and keeping my down-time between meetings occupied. I live in scottsdale, but came down here for meetings so I stayed downtown a few days. Great experience, thanks Kate!
5	What a great downtown hotel!  I stayed here for business and really enjoyed my visit.  The hotel is very stylish with "W"-like design at a Westin price point. My regular room was large, modern with a comfortable bed and impressive bath in terms of amenities.  I even got to use the gym and pool area briefly and both were awesome.The pool is on the roof and I  did feel a bit funny lying in the sun whilst office workers toiled around me in the neighboring skyscrapers. I tried to look like I was reading a report or something but I don't think I fooled anyone.  Anyway, the restaurant did a good job for the breakfast and lunches I had there and you can even eat outside in their courtyard which I did and recommend highly. The location is central to everything and you can take the light rail across the street if you are going to the airport. The ASU campus is nearby so there are plenty of "average" restaurants nearby, only a few stellar choices like "Breadfruit", review to follow. All in all, I would stay here again and hope they do well.
5	What a fantastic find!  Drove cross country, and this was the last overnight destination.  I think we saved the best for last, as it was such a great hotel and experience, and for $95.  Again, any special request was honored, all of the staff we encountered were lovely, the room was divine, and a fantastic bathroom.  I would go to Phoenix again, if only to spend a weekend at this hotel!
4	If you travel, you probably know or expect the Westin and its hotels to be on the higher end of things. Clearly this location is of the same standards. The only reason I gave it 4 stars were just for some minor things that stopped me from justifying the full 5.B R I E F  S U M M A R Y-- Great location if you want to be in downtown Phoenix-- Train stop is right there & they have a bellhop to get you a taxi-- Staff was great and personable-- Rooms were spacious, modern and nice-- Free wi-fi-- Nice view depending on how high you are and where you're facing-- Comfortable bed and linens-- Free newspaper on your door-- Nice bathroom with the shower head that drops down on you-- Bathrobe in my room was nice to use while loungingIf you read my summary, it's not like I didn't have a great stay. There were just a few things that kind of bothered me. When I first checked in, I was given a room on the 17th floor with a great view but it had 2 queens. I was staying by myself for business so I called down to switch to a room with a king size bed. Of course, they granted my request and said someone would be right up to switch rooms for me. That person never came or at least not in the 20 minutes I waited. I needed to get to a business meeting so I went downstairs and just talked to the front desk. I got a new room only to find it on the 15th floor. I guess that's fine since it is the Starwood Preferred floor but I definitely would have loved to stay on the 17th floor. I will say my view wasn't as great but I was facing the sun so I was able to see the sun rise in the morning :) The other gripe I have is more personal. The air in the hotel was very dry and it caused my nose to bleed. At home I have a humidifier but I would think that hotels make sure that their air isn't as dry. I'm not sure really if they do but I know Phoenix is a desert! Overall I would definitely stay here again if I were coming to Phoenix. I believe it's the preferred hotel of my company and I would definitely recommend staying here if you're going to be in downtown Phoenix. The only warning I would give to you is that there isn't much going on. During the day it's busy because of work but at night there's like no one around except maybe some students from ASU or just creepers. I noticed a lot of homely people on the train rail and high school kids roaming at the park across the street.
4	One of the nicer and hipper hotels I have seen in a while. Came in on a late night for some early meetings, so rolling in I expected nothing. I was a bit surprised when the cab pulled up to a small doorway and no bellman or typical hotel guy came to my taxi door looking to score a tip.I walked in and was immediately taken aback by the vibe. The place just felt different. The room was amazing.Of course, like any self respecting business traveler I was barely there long enough to warm the sheets, so I had no "real" experience on the service side.I would absolutely return, should I find myself in the desert...
4	So, part of my job description is to book hotel events. It's not the most fun thing to do, but I generally get to deal with sales and catering managers that are either a) really flaky and never get back or 2) really willing to go above and beyond.Jocelin, Director of Catering at the Westin Phoenix Downtown, was magnificent to talk to though it was a short interaction. She was friendly and welcoming from the get go and you can tell she really is willing to help. Instead of saying 'No availability' she was willing to see if our dates were flexible. When they weren't, she even offered to reach out to other hotels in the Starwood network to see if they have any availability.I am incredibly impressed by Jocelin and her willingness to go above and beyond for someone that was unable to do business with her hotel. However, this is definitely the kind of service that makes me want to come back (even if it's just for a personal visit!)Thanks, Jocelin!
4	I stayed here for 5 nights this past week and loved the experience of staying at this hotel.  The staff was incredibly friendly and after a couple of days of me using the courtyard for meetings etc., I got to know the restaurant staff and they were all great.My room on the 18th floor was spacious and light filled from the floor to ceiling windows that had a great view over Phoenix and beyond. The restaurant, Province has great food but lacked in vegetarian entrees. Room service was prompt and polite and required no tip as it was added to the bill. Ditto, the requests for toiletries I had forgotten. The only downside to me was the nickel and diming on wifi. I'm spending a bit of money for the room, the least I could expect was free wifi for the duration and when I paid the $10 for 24 hours, it kicked me off when I powered down. It's an issue that irks with most high-scale hotels. Opting for no housekeeping is a great opportunity as I dislike the chemicals hotels use to clean rooms so having no cleaners made my stay a lot healthier.The fitness center was awesome with great sunrise views from the treadmills.  The location was central for all my meetings but not one I felt safe in walking around. that's more an issue with Phoenix than the hotel.Funny story - the loyalty points were added to someone else with the same name. I hope she enjoys them!
4	I stayed here for a work meeting and have to say that it is probably the cleanest, newest hotel that I have ever stayed in. It is only about 2 or 3 years old, and you can totally tell. It has a workout center and a pool on a roof deck. The pool is heated, but it is still kindof chilly in the morning. I bet it is great in the middle of the afternoon. There is a great restaurant in the hotel, but it can get pretty crowded at night. The hotel is about 15 minutes from the airport and very close to the convention center. Unfortunately, there isn't too much else around it except for a few restaurants. My room was giant: two queen beds with a couch, desk and chair, large bathroom and two big closets. The banquet crew was very helpful and made sure of all our needs were met.
5	This is as good as a Westin gets....I'm reluctant to review it because I don't want them getting any more popular than they already are!If you get the chance to try the Club lounge make sure you try the pastries and desserts...all made in house and amazing for a complimentary buffet.I always look forward to staying here but it's often booked up so make sure you check the day before as they often get cancellations and can fit you in.
4	Great workout rooms with a nice adjoining pool. Good location downtown.
4	Strong, STRONG 4.5 stars. This establishment truly lives up to the Westin name-- I loved almost EVERY element of my stay, and it's thiiiiis close to the 5 stars! So, first of all, I snagged a hell of a deal off of Expedia-- $89/night on Friday and Saturday.  The fantastic reviews for this hotel definitely don't lie! Two of my best friends and I were heading into town from Tucson for two DBacks games along with hitting up Mill Ave. The eastbound light rail/tram is about a 90 second walk from the front door of the hotel (westbound about a minute)-- super convenient. TIP: All-day ride is $4, and I DO recommend you don't bypass this...on our first night's ride to Mill, the "tram police" came aboard and started checking tickets...at 11:30 PM. Uhhhh...okay.So, let's start checking off the positives-- +Westin Heavenly Bed (duh)+Clean, new, modern rooms complete with a couch+Ridiculously friendly and accommodating staff (will get to this more later)+Sleek lobby and appealing restaurant+"Westin Weekend" which allows for a complimentary check-out until 4:00 PM until Sunday. Like...this earned a star in itself. ++Now, to speak of the staff; not only were the front-desk attendants exceedingly congenial and helpful, but the late night staff really hit a home run with us. After night #1, we returned on the tram from Mill Ave in a rather...er, intoxicated state. Of course, we decided that we needed food; but, me, being completely ridiculous per the usual, decided that room service was the way to go (keep me away from Mill from now on).  I couldn't find a menu, so I apparently ordered an absolute smorgasbord of items from the rep at the other end of the phone line. Soooo what do we do after that?........Yes, we fell asleep. Luckily, my friend woke up to get the food and they rolled the entire cart into the room. Not just the tray. The WHOLE rolling cart. The staff put up with less-than-cooperative guests and waited 20 minutes outside of the door to deliver food. Now, that's what I call customer service. We woke up the next morning with some of the food not good anymore because of a lack of refrigeration, but what we did eat was actually pretty good (DAMN good granola and berries!). Kudos to you, Westin staff, for being so exceptional and understanding.  Thank you!I am docking that coveted 5th star for 3 reasons---Confusing shower configuration and awful water pressure.-The first morning (starting at 6 AM, ew) we kept hearing a door slam from the neighboring room. Over, and over, and over again. And them some more. This was not what I wanted to be dealing with in my hungover state (cue the waterworks). -Um, fair warning: This is a VALET-ONLY property. $28 per night. It's like they expect you to pay for a hotel room for your car, too. Luckily, the attendant was hella helpful and said that street parking by the meters was free until Monday. $56 saved, SCORE.
5	Fantastic place to stay.  The hotel itself is beautiful -- very modern and stylish.  I gotta admit, the first time I stayed here, I couldn't figure out how to turn the lights on inside the room.  The people at the front desk neglected to tell me that the key card was also the key to the light switch.  After about 10 minutes, I figured it out.  The room is comfortable and the staff is helpful and accomodating.  It's the best place to stay in downtown Phoenix!
5	I love this hotel!  It is by far the nicest hotel in downtown Phoenix...amazing views with floor to ceiling windows, huge rooms, beautiful bathrooms and super comfy beds.  We stayed here for 4th of July and requested a north facing room to enjoy all of the firework shows throughout the Valley...amazing!  This is definitely becoming an annual tradition!The staff is amazingly nice too...they always greeted us and our dog every time we came through the lobby.  Our dog completely loved the stay too...she didn't want to leave!
4	Nice modern architecture and comfortable rooms with a view. Plenty to do within a short distance of many downtown Phoenix attractions. Sunday brunch was amazing.
4	Hotel:Modern, clean and centrally located.  Lived up to my expectations of Westin.Rooms are comfortable, I'm a platinum and was upgraded to a larger suite room and I have to say they did a great job with designing the bathrooms :).  SPG recognition seems to be great at this hotel.  I've stayed here 2-3 times in the past year.We valet'd our car but I didn't see a charge so not sure if it's free?  I didn't book a parking free room but that was cool :).  You can call ahead and they will have the car waiting downstairs.Exec room was a 3/5 stars.  Staff was attentive and very friendly and it's nice as well but the breakfast was so limited and they had the same exact thing every day.  I guess I've had the pleasure of experiencing better exec lounge quality of food in other westin's so my expectations are a little off.  Traveling for businesss so much it's always nice when they put a little more effort on quality and variety in the exec. lounge food; just sayin'!Staff:Friendly, attentive and just really positive.  Made our trip that much more pleasant.Overall would highly recommend!
2	Hotel was okay. Not the best or nicest Westin I've been too. The room was loud even though I was elevated from the street on floor 16. They've got a big problem with the fire alarm (flashed green light all night through) and I can't stand the dripping over head shower....And I will never understand why hotels charge for wifi. That's basic wherever you are these days. Get with the times!
4	The Westin Downtown is fantastic. My room was enormous and the Heavenly Beds were just that. There was both a couch and a desk so I could get comfortable or work or get comfortable and work. Three spacious closets actually included drawers and hid away things like the safe, coffee setup, etc. The bathroom was twice the size of a typical hotel bathroom, with a glass-walled shower and lots of counter space, not to mention the plush bathrobe. The television featured a wide variety of entertainment options, and they had provided two real (as in caffeinated) coffee packets and to-go cups. I wish I could have moved in. The workout center was smaller than I expected, but I had no competition for a treadmill and it was open 24 hours. The bar offered an excellent selection of local beers, light, dark and in between. I would have liked a few less chi-chi food options on the menu, though. Staff granted my request for an early check-in and a room on the floor I wanted. Another guest commented on the complimentary bottle of water and the second bottle for the almost laughable price of $1. The only few minor foibles were the phone--I couldn't figure out how to work it, and it wasn't labeled with an easy way to contact the front desk. Also, the body lotion was opened upon closer inspection. I really believe that any hotel stay should come with free Wi-Fi nowadays but they had made a nice effort to have a tiered pricing system. All in all, a great place to stay and close to many of the visitor draws in downtown Phoenix.
5	You absolutely get what you pay for! This was the best room I have ever had on the 18th floor. It was quiet, the room and views were breath taking!!! I can't wait to come back here it is amazing! The customer service is impeccable! I can't say enough how after my first visit to a Westin they now have a life long customer. The gym was state of the art and had gorgeous views of downtown as well. The shower and bathroom were also beautiful. The hotel was spotless and it even had such a clean smell to it. I don't think I will ever be able to say any where else. We were in Phoenix for a family emergency and this business still managed to allow us the possibility to relax while we were there.
4	This is probably the nicest Westin I've ever stayed at. Not sure if it's a new hotel or just kept up very well. Everything was clean and in good shape. The room we had was very comfortable with plenty of room. Next time I'm back in Phoenix I will be staying here.
5	This is one of those times where you either have to wish Yelp would add another star, or go back to all of your previous reviews and subtract a star from everyone else. This hotel is AMAZING. The rooms are elegant, refined, and huge. The views are spectacular. The amenities are prefect. The bed.... oh, the bed. I didn't want to get out of bed. The only thing that made LEAVING bed bearable was the shower - tons of water pressure, and piping hot. If I ever get really, really rich, I'm just moving into this hotel. Done deal. Best ever.
5	Lovely room, good service, nice bar with tasty tapas. And the view was excellent, too. We loved that they allowed a late checkout on Sunday, which let us sleep longer in the comfy bed.
5	This is my first hotel review on Yelp -- surprising, but I felt like it needed to happen. I have over 50 nights at this location and I can honestly say I haven't had a bad experience here. The staff, and not just the front desk,  is EXTREMELY friendly and they even go so far as to learn your name.The rooms are huge! Now I will say that I feel like all the beds aren't made the same. I feel some are more comfy than others as with the pillows. But totally not enough to remove a star. I feel like if I asked them to switch my rooms they wouldn't hesitate. I also think it's one of the nicer hotels in downtown and it's pretty convenient to a lot of good eats in the area.
5	spacious rooms with wonderful views and an amazing restaurant downstairs. This is our favorite place to stay when we are down town.
1	I decided to stay in Phoenix over the weekend because I had a substantial amount of work that I had to get caught up on and a good Internet connection was required.I am basing my rating on one item only, WIFI. These people actually charge for WIFI. It's even more insulting when they offer 4 hours for $7.95 you then get your regular Internet, 24 hours for $10 and $15 gets you fast Internet so you are able to stream.(So the instructions say) I chose the high-speed which tops out at 3 Mb I have consistently tested it and it is not any faster. The upload speed is 1 MB. 10Mb and above is now considered high speed. There's a reason why the majority of places no longer charge for Internet. It's viewed as a common item like water in the room and business travelers become offended if they have to pay. It really is not the price it's just that you feel that you have been shaken down. I would much rather pay a higher rate on the room then to be insulted. The place is decent but I will not stay here again because of the Internet charge.
4	Splurged on a corner suite for a special occasion and was very impressed with the room. It was huge, had amazing views, gorgeous tub. Hotel staff great for the most part, but was slightly disappointed that our request for champagne flutes to be sent up was not granted. Perhaps we were being punished for bringing our own bottle? Nice Sunday brunch in the restaurant, restaurant staff excellent.
5	First stay at this downtown Phoenix hotel.Super convenient location and had a GORGEOUS room. Stunning views of city with floor-to-ceiling windows. Large room and bathroom (and shower had dual shower heads). Province food was great and customer service was what I would expect for a Westin property. From valet to front desk to restaurant personnel - everyone was absolutely fantastic.The only thing disappointing about my stay was that it wasn't long enough!!! I would have loved to explore the hotel more.So the only solution to my problem is to book another, much longer stay sometime in the near future.
4	Stayed here last weekend! I booked us a package that included internet and parking . It's a comfortable and a relaxing hotel. Pool is small w no jacuzzi. We enjoyed the outdoor patio restaurant . Walking distance to everything!
1	Upon arriving the sheets were dirty. I asked for clean ones they took 3 hours to bring them and brought the wrong size. Asked for towels brought them 2 hours later... When I asked why they said that I'm not a star guest so I'm no priority. Ummmm...no. I'll pass and won't come here again. On a good note, it's a nice hotel and in a good location.
5	Wonderful Experience in Downtown PhoenixI am a meeting planner based in Dallas, TX and I travel all over the world planning meetings and events. Recently I was sent to the Westin Downtown Phoenix and was blown away with my amazing experience. Being from Phoenix originally, I am always excited when a "home-town" meeting pops up. To be honest, I always prefer to be in Old Town Scottsdale, but my experience at this Westin property defiantly boosted my opinion of downtown Phoenix. For sure. Now to be honest, I only executed this meeting; my colleague was the one who planned it. I heard great things about the hotel and their attention to details throughout the planning process, but I got to experience it first hand while on-site. For starters, the hotel is perfectly located in the heart of downtown Phoenix. It is walking distance from two of the main sport/venue arenas and tons of restaurants. Not to mention directly across the street from the Lightrail (Phoenix's public transportation system) and no more than 10 minutes from the airport (15 if traffic is bad). The hotel itself is beautiful. It is tall and skinny with perfectly designed meeting space. All our space was on the 12th floor which was extremely convenient. Our meeting was on the smaller side (around 20 people) but the space was ideal. We had a main meeting room, a breakout room and a meal room. Our meeting took place over a day and a half and each portion was successful. We even hosted our "Welcome Dinner" in one of the banquet rooms. The guests loved it and they even complimented the food. Banquet food is not always great, so a compliment on the food goes a long way! The hotel also had several rooms on each floor that they set aside for space such as a "staff office". These rooms are GREAT! They have a round conference table, couch, mini kitchen, bathroom, TV - the perfect amount of room to "set up shop"! Having this room as our staff headquarters was perfect! Aside from all that, we had staff that was OUT OF THIS WORLD. Daniela Enriquez (Event & Meeting Manager) was beyond fabulous! She was accessible to me 24/7 - which is HUGE in my world. We had a ton of moving and changing parts and she was all over every detail of it. Our two banquet members for our Friday portion were extremely caring and paid huge attention to detail: Carolina and James. We were not an easy group (very needy) and they were able to just roll with it. Much appreciated in my line of work. Nothing is predictable in this industry, no matter how much you plan - - - so a hotel staff that can "make things happen" goes a LONG way! **Carolina and James - LOVE YOU!!! Thank you!! (We had Regina and Edgar the following day - also amazing)! All-in-all two very BIG thumbs up to this hotel. If you are ever in Arizona, Phoenix specifically, I would with 100% confidence recommend this hotel: work or play. Although I was mostly working while I was there, I did get to experience their wonderful restaurant with it's killer patio and heard raving remarks (from my clients) about the pool/deck area!  Cheers to the Westin Phoenix Downtown!
4	Very nice spacious rooms with large bay windows.  Conveniently locked 5 blocks from us airway stadium.  Check-in at 12 and had a great initial experience.  Room cleaning service was the reason for 4 stars instead of 5.  After the first night, room was not cleaned when we got back at 4 pm.  Had to call to request room to be cleaned.  Asked for more towels on way back to room on third day the room service person begrudgingly gave two towels.  Really strange how upset the person was at giving up two towels.  The room itself is really nice.  Late check out on Sundays.   Free meter parking on sat and sun and after 5 pm on weekdays.  Would definitely stay again if in Phoenix.
5	We stayed for just one night on the way back from Sedona.  Really didn't put much thought into it when I booked the room.  it was downtown and not too far from the airport.The service was excellent and the staff was fantastic.  The rooms are huge and the lobby and common areas were all very modern and well done.I highly recommend this place.
5	The best granola in town!
4	We stayed at the Westin for a stay-cation and had a great experience! The room was large, classy & luxurious. Besides thy every nice room, our next favorite thing was being walking distance to so much to do.The rooftop pool was small, but nice to lay out at. We couldn't find street parking on a weekend, so unfortunately we had to pay the pricey fee to valet our car there.The restaurant downstairs was pricey for mediocre food & small portions. The patio outside was very nice, with a water feature and live music on certain nights.
5	Have stayed at a number of hotels for business travel and this one is top notch.  The staff is extremely friendly and helpful (like no other) and the bartender at the restaurant/bar is the best.  Hands down I will pick this hotel first any time I travel to Phoenix.  And let's not forget the amazing beds.....never sleep well in hotels and slept so well here!!!!!  Thank you Westin.  I will be back.
5	Superb customer service from top to bottom. Gorgeous corner room. Great food. Clean. Special mention to DJ who delivered my meal and also helped carry a ton of stuff to my car. SPG brand is elevated by this location.
5	Corner suite on the 16th floor facing north. Amazing room, fantastic view.  But as good or better is the in-house service:  Megan (who loves comic books) at the front desk, and Taylor and Michael in guest services are all polite, knowledgable, and display a sincere interest in making my stay a great one, which they did.  Megan had the line of the night when I asked about walking to the diamondbacks game: "sure you can walk; just decide how much you want to sweat". I took the train as she advised.  Heading for Sedona tomorrow, Michael offered to have the car pulled around after my wake up call. That's the type of service one rarely sees.
5	My husbands company hosts their Christmas party at the Phoenix convention center, which made this hotel our top choice of place to stay afterword. The rooms are beautiful, and the location is very convent. Close to the convention center, several bars and restaurants as well as the light rail. My only compliant is the parking is pretty pricey. Valet is the only option. However for central Phoenix hefty parking charges are to be expected, and this alone will not keep me from staying here next time we go to a holiday party.
5	Amazing food and an amazing staff made our labor day weekend stay absolutely flawless!!!
4	Enjoyed my stay here. The room was nice, great view, and very clean. Try the shampoo and conditioner here...you won't regret it. Took away one star because of a billing issue (that was later resolved to my satisfaction) and the restaurant food wasn't the best. Loved the bartender though. Would stay here again.
5	Traveling can be tiring and stressful... but this hotel makes all of the stress melt away! When you walk in there is that amazing white tea smell that all the westin's have, the lobby space is also beautiful and the rooms are large and luxurious. But that is not the amazing part of this hotel... the amazing part is the staff! During my trip to Phoenix I had to drive through Globe, AZ to the Apache reservation. Anyone who knows this area knows that the drive is through 30 miles of steep mountains... this terrified me! I asked some people in the restaurant for more information about the road and that is when Krystal came to help. She said she had driven the route many times and talked me through the whole thing. She even offered to drive me there herself! That was above and beyond! Then there was Don at the bar. This guy made you feel like you were the most important person in the world! He remembers everyone name and their drink! After two nights eating at the bar with Don I really wanted to extent my visit. I don't like Phoenix, but I want to go back just to stay at this hotel!
1	Perfect hotel for Phoenix they are as  racist as Arizona is .Good job Westin keeping it real for AZ  .. You should change your publicity  only white people allow ..
5	Visited to watch some baseball and I love Westin hotels. This one was no exception as we had a fast check-in and their lobby smelled calming (which I later read in their welcome book is on purpose!). We had a great view on the 13th floor and the room we had was one of the biggest of any of our Westin stays. Wish we had stayed longer than one night. The bed is by far my favorite part. It's just so comfortable. The shower is fantastic, too, with a rainfall showerhead and plenty of counter space for all your toiletries and travel things. The shower door swings, so make sure it's closed as you step out of the shower or you can create quite a puddle right outside the shower door. The robes are also mighty nice.We did not choose to park at the hotel as valet is always expensive. Right across the street (catty-corner, really) is a large parking garage that allows you to park for 24 hours for $12, which is a great deal. Since we were there to visit Chase Field, it worked out perfectly since the ballpark is in walking distance.Since it was raining when we arrived, we had the valet call us a cab which didn't take long at all. Wish the weather had been better or we may have taken advantage of their outdoor patio space. If you're headed to downtown Phoenix, this hotel is a perfect option and nice value.
1	I was very disappointed with our stay. We asked to have strawberries and champagne sent up to our room for our anniversary. They did not even tell us happy anniversary and the items never came. Upon check out, my girlfriend was rudely greeted and asked if she wanted a print or email copy. She got out receipt but there was no asking how our stay was or anything. She just stared at us till we walked away. We are not happy at all with how much we spent to stay at this hotel to be treated so poorly. We came for my girlfriends birthday and they were awesome. Do not know what happened this time but I wish we could get our money back, a holiday inn would have been more accommodating. Will not be back and will be posting this review anywhere I can to make sure that people know what they are getting into. Don't waste your money!!!
5	Beautiful hotel with a beautiful view. It is right next to the convention center, so we were able to walk to our event. We got a room last minute for $77 with the AAA discount. Valet parking, great service, amazing beds and updated rooms/bathrooms. This hotel seemed 5 star on the inside. The employees were very friendly and professional.
4	Nice hotel! Housekeeping was nice, front desk girl was clueless. Accommodations were great, comfortable, clean, great for a business trip. Hotel in the center downtown Phoenix so it was easy access to the surrounding area. Lots of restaurants close by within walking distance.
3	The property itself is lovely. The rooms are spacious and the staff are friendly. I was in a suite on the club level but there wasn't even packaged food or fruit or water after 10:00. I was in town for a concert so the lack of accessibility to food at night made the club level a waste of money. We ended up with a pizza from room service that was edible but not very tasty. It made me wish we'd eaten at the Carl's Jr at the U.S. airways Center. The room rate didn't bother me since it was a large suite. I'd happily give this property a 4.5 stars but the food situation was pretty terrible.
5	I have stayed at many hotels in the US and abroad.   The Westin  Phoenix is 5 star from the beginning. The hotel is centrally located downtown in the heart of the city.  From the cozy modern rooms to the fabulous outside patio that serves dinner until midnight. If you are an SPG member the hotel has a fabulous club floor lounge that serves drinks and snacks all night and breakfast in the morning.
2	Good stuff first - The room was amazing! I want to give it 5 stars just for the room. My husband and I stayed here the night of our wedding and we loved the panoramic windows, soaking tub, and rainfall shower. The hotel also left us a nice fruit and cheese tray in our room for when we arrived. Not so great items - While we were waiting to check in and I was still in my wedding gown with our luggage in hand we had trouble at the front desk because my father was the one who booked it for us and the clerk was explain to us how he should be with us because it was his card.... Really I'm standing in my large wedding gown on my wedding night and you want to explain to us that there is difficult letting us have a key because the cards under my dad's name even though the room is under mine. That was finally settled after about 15 minutes. Then we ordered breakfast in the morning which detailed an order of 1 pancake and coffee with a side of sausage. They handed us a bill for $60! Afterwards when we left we had to pay for parking so we did so on our card and they still billed my father $25-30 for parking anyway. I had to go back and forth with the manager to get the charge reversed finally. Would I stay again- Sure because it'll be on my card but I would make sure to go out to eat.
