3	good food but portions are now alot smaller, service is good but sometimes a little off. hell they got my order completely wrong before. the atmosphere is great if you like it loud like the bar. the jack daniel's sauce is fabulous. the steaks are good, the shrimp is good too. waiters/waitresses: showing off by not writing down my order will instantly lose your tip. it is not impressive when everytime it is wrong. and honestly if i wanted my s*%$ messed up i'd go to a fast food joint where nobody speaks english and take my chances there.drinks refills: if i drink 2 glasses of whatever before my food comes, offer to leave a pitcher at the table or be prepared to run your ass off and not bitch about.3rd: when we ask for something "special" as in not the way it is stated on the menu-do it!! i'm the one paying for this. i certainly don't feel i need to remind you when you bring my food out.overall-i really enjoy the food & drinks at friday's but the servers? and i'm the type who leaves a standard 30% tip unless not deserved and believe me if we leave "no" tip we are taking it up with the manager. $60 bucks for lunch
3	My gal friends and I went to TGI Fridays today to get together and have a GNO even though it was early. We had a blast. We ate, talked, drank and laughed a lot. The waiter we had was a good sport and kept it entertaining for us. He made a few suggestions and took the time to explain everything that the margaritas were made of, what was in the dishes that we had, and a few of the desserts that were good choices. So I had this one margarita that he said was the best.. I was called the Ultimate Margarita Platinum...it was DELICIOUS. It was kinda strong, but after a little while, I was good to finish it. As we sat chatting and drinking our margaritas, our food came. I had the Dragonfire Chicken.  A fire-grilled breast glazed with Chinese Kung Pao sauce, served over slow cooked coconut jasmine rice with pineapple pico de gallo, Mandarin oranges and fresh steamed broccoli. Shortly after that, I had a Strawberry Shortcake Icecream. Man I am full. When I go back, I think I will be getting this again. I was really amazed with the customer service that the waiter provided..
4	We used to go to the one on Flamingo a lot until it closed in the midst of the recession-failed businesses. Lately, we've been coming to this one, since it is in our general area, one of the few freestanding locations (many are located inside casinos- less rent and upkeep maybe?). Since the recession hit, it seems there are pizza wars ($5/$10) and restaurant wars ($19.99 meals for 2- Chili's, Applebee's, Famous Dave's). But that's where, we the diners, win at this war- we reap the benefits. We got the Three Course Meal for 2 @ $20.00. Choose an appetizer- the default is Shrimp Cocktail, but you can opt for anything on that menu that is equal or lesser value $8.29. Choose your entree's. We chose the pot stickers. I chose the Dragonfire chicken (came with broccoli, and sweet potato fries- you get two sides) and my husband chose the Chicken Mac & Cheese (not together like I thought- separate- his looked a little small- but I had a taste, and it was good,  however the chicken was a tad bit overdone, but he asked for the jack daniels sauce). Mine was delicious and perfect- the pineapple and the mandarin oranges really was a nice touch over the chicken. The portion was good- but then again, I had two sides. The broccoli was perfectly steamed (hate hard stems) and the sweet potato fries were just right- enough crisp on the outside and seasoned with salt and pepper, mmmm- probably the best that I've had at a restaurant. For dessert, we had the red velvet cake with vanilla ice cream- so yummy. (I took home some broccoli and some potstickers, BTW.) The bill was a little over $24.00. I priced everything @ about $38.00 (individually/ala carte)- what a deal! (BTW, Lunch Mon-Fri starts @ $5.99 each. You should check it out- not sure if this is a promotional thing or a mainstay on the menu.) Sometimes service is a little slow. But yesterday, it was pretty good. The restaurant was packed too. FYI, The restaurant recently got a makeover and doesn't resemble Applebees so much anymore. And the bar is separated from the restaurant with a glass wall. Booth & table seating available.I am a stripes member so I earn $8.00 of free food when every $100.00 worth of food is reached- get the card, get the benefits.
3	It's a typical TGI Fridays, except that, it has all day happy hour. Why you'd still call it a happy is beyond my brains reasoning.Anyways, this particular one has a pretty cool bar area, it's decorated in the newer TGI Fridays look, rather than the old outdated California ones.Can't say much else, expect that it's fairly close to the strip, and not touristy at all. My gf and I came here this past Saturday around 12am and she was shocked to see NO ONE was in the restaurant, but as soon as we got seated and ordered, the bar area started flooding with locals. I guess they have extra drink specials past 12am.
2	order:crab cake appetizerJack Daniels Burger w/ onion ringsSizzling Chicken & Shrimp w/ sweet potato friedCrab Cake: was ok a bit bland the sauce helped alot but still couldve been better and was ok.Jack Daniels Burger: was delish.  flavors went well everything was cooked as asked.Sizzling Chicken & shrimp. ooooooooooook. we had a major problem here. 2 cheeses are suppose to be in there but it was just 1 american cheese. meh. i had ordered the sweet potato as a side but the waiter came back out saying he can switched my mash potato for the fries. so i agreed canceling the side. the shrimp was alright. nothing special. the chicken was oil under marinated. and just bland in general. the sweet potato fries.. was HORRIBLE. adding salt DOES NOT COMPLIMENT the fries AT ALL. if it was under salted it was fine. but i literally saw chunks on salt all over it... so that was left untouched...after a bite.our waitor tried to charge us for the side of sweet when it was suppose to be switched out :( but he cancelled that for us.. which is great. over all the food wasnt that great here :(
3	What can I say, it's a TGI Friday's. Happy hour is good, all the food is tolerable, and the prices are good. Spent 40 minutes at the end trying to sort things out because somehow the computer wasn't happy that we got the $22 three-course meal and also used an $8 stripes coupon. The manager ended up comping the offending portion of the meal, and I blame this one on corporate, because it was clearly a problem even the manager couldn't resolve within the computer system..
3	I love TGI Friday's, but haven't been in awhile.  I was shocked to learn that they  changed their Happy Hour menu up a bit.  It seems like the drinks got a little expensive too...nonetheless they had a pretty good selection of beers on tap (I had the Pyramid) and some awesome prices on the food they do have on the Happy Hour Menu. Ordered:  Pyramid- Ice Cold  Sliders - was good, but needed a little something.  I ate it w/ ranch!  Wings - you can order different sauces.  I opted for the Jack Daniel's sauce.  Its a tad sweet, but was very flavorful. (came with carrots and celery)  I went with my sister around 5pm.  It was steady-paced, but not overwhelmingly busy. My sister scored a free Margarita.  I don't know what it was, but it was bright blue and was super yummy!!  Pretty strong too!The highlight of TGI Friday's was walking out to my car to find that I parked in front of a Soccer Mom's van with a license plate that read:    IAMPOOHI sh*t  you not (no pun intended haha)!
4	This is my first review, not that I haven't been going out but rather no restraunt really deserved my time. I wanted my first review to be a 4 or above. As you can see it took while. To get a 3 in my book you have  to have the drinks out within the first 5 mins of being seated. Which the waiter did a great job on @ 3.5 mins. He also filled up a specialty drinks once(all we needed) for free, normally they charge 3.50 for each one. I got the strawberry lemonade, it was delicous. I got the New York burger, normally I make special request for my taste, but I didn't so I am not holding it against them. It was good for the most part. Outside of the drinks was the fries, mmmm. I want to go back for the plate my wife had. I was jealous and ate hers. So now that I have a good review done, I can do the reviewI have been itching to do Sears, rrrr.
1	I wish I could give you less than one star, 1st off I enjoyed the food Friday's is one of my all time favorite places to eat. With that being said I will never eat there again. In Dec I had weight  loss surgery. I have a card that states DANGER only serve this person child size portions. This card states that I have a medical issue that by law you have to cooperate with me, however when I asked for a child's menu I was told no, and that my card was no good due to the fact that by me getting food of the kids menu it will not benefit Friday's! I have used this card time and time again at every restaurant I have been to since Dec. and have never been told no. So if you have  weight  loss surgery, or know someone who has stay away from here they discriminate against weight loss patients.
2	When I was in high school I used to come here with a group of friends nearly every other weekend to enjoy the offers for the happy hour. Since then this location has went through an extensive renovation with remodeling. Unfortunately, the food nor the service (especially the service) wasn't like what it was back in the day.The two times I've been here after the renovation, the first time our waiter was foreign and had a difficult time understanding what we wanted for our order. The wait on our appetizers and dinner was longer than expected, and the music during this time was turned up to a very uncomfortable volume (when requesting that they lowered it down in our section, nobody even cared to do so). The second time we returned, our waiter started out nice, but became very shrewd once he mixed up our order with someone else's. From that experience, I didn't want to come back to this location anymore, despite how much I loved it back in the day.
3	Went here for a pow wow for a military event, had about 8 ppl at a 6 person table... in the middle of everything... not very happy about that,.. but then then i ordered a cobb salad and wow that place was a whole new place after i had gotten the salad!! Amazing! the dresing was a balsalmic and everything was fresh! ther sevice was ok i had nothing to drink and the ppl around me were getting 2 and 3 drinks served... but all in all it worked out.
3	Usually can't go wrong with the JD chicken and shrimp.  Desserts are pretty satisfying as well.
4	Ok so who has not eaten at Friday's?This review is dedicated to my sweetheart ex Chris whom took me here to dine over and over again, pre Yelp days. Seriously we probably ate here close to 20 times within one year.***Sign up for the Stars and Stripes club online and you will get monthly emails for buy one get one free meal*** This is the ONLY reason we would visit so often, the savings we could not resist and the food is good!* Side note looks like they have changed recently, now they are offering buy one get one half off meal, not the same as bogo they have been doing the last couple of years :(We used to both order the Jack's Signature steak and shrimp dinner, they would take off $19.99 the price of one of our meals, was so worth it.Anything dipped in or covered in the Jack's signature sauce is delicious!I always ask for extra Jack Daniel's sauce, mmmm and is really good when you use it as a dip for sweet potato fries! The bomb diggity!Awwwww the sweet memories, have not been in awhile.This location rocks! Avoid the Friday's located in casino's example Orlean's Hotel & Casino as that one sucks ass.
4	Been going here for years and has only gotten better!!! I love this place its awesome!!! Ok so when i go here i always always always order there Green Bean Fries there baterd and fried and come with a creamy cucumber wasabi ranch dip there soooooooo delicious i could just go here for this but that's not the only delicious thing there is... after i mmm ooo and awww over my green beans i order there Jack Daniels Chicken OMG this is orgasmic sooo sooo delicious the chicken is tender and the sauce is what makes the dish mmmm had to order xtra sauce bc its so good and it comes with 2 sides i had the baked beans and loaded mashed potatoes. This is a place i will always return to Ive never had any complaints food is great and awesome service @ this one on Sahara.
5	Recently re-done, this location never fails. My personal favorite location to meet up with friends. Right on Sahara it's a 10 min drive to downtown. Eat then head downtown. Free parking in lot adjacent to restaurant. Check it out!
4	I had a great time last Saturday! We were greeted at the door and seated promptly. The waitress was great and very attentive. We ordered the pot sticklers for an appetizer which were AMAZING! I was a little skeptical at first to try them there but sooooo glad we did. I had the Jack Daniels chicken and shrimp which also came with steamed seasoned veggies and loaded mashed potato's. The chicken was very moist and flavorful. Mashed potato's and shrimp were amazing! My only recommendation would be a little more seasoning on the veggies. After dinner I decided on  a Washington apple martini which was pretty good but definitely not the best I have had. I also joined the stripes club which is pretty cool. You earn 1 strip for every $1 spent on food and in turn earn free food etc. I am already up to a free appetizer or dessert so I look forward to some more pot sticklers! I would definitely recommend this for a night out with friends or the one you love the most but it's definitely not a romantic location.Enjoy ;)
2	Food was passable, while service was tolerable. Out of steak sauce? Really. Double fries looked barely enough for a single order of fries.  Then they charged us twice!
4	I've been to TGI Fridays' numerous times with the "gang" from work, we go to celebrate someone leaving the group, the holidays, or just because something came up.  We go because of the cheap apps and drinks during happy hour.  Today I am here with my husband and we have a coupon for a free entree so we're going to take advantage of it.  We started with an appetizer, the crab cakes, there are two cakes on the plate with a good dipping sauce.  The cakes are pretty good, you can taste the crab meat.For an entree I got the salmon with lobster.  The salmon was cooked perfectly, however, it was to have a mushroom and lobster with alfredo sauce.  It was barely covered in sauce so it was slightly dry.  There were a "glob" of mushrooms all stuck together as if it was spooned out of a jar and thrown on top.  I asked for double vegetables instead of rice or potato to decrease some carbs and it was mostly broccoli, slightly undercooked. So as for my meal, I would say very disappointing, but for drinks and appetizers, it's not a bad place to meet.  Glad we had a coupon!
1	wow... that was nasty. I had a charter of a bunch of prom kids that wanted to go there. so i was thanking that I would just grab some dinner why I was there. Lets just say I should have stayed in the limo. the food really SUCKSSSS. the ice tea had some thing floating in it. Nasty Nasty..
4	The review is for the family-friendly menu as well as the "2 for $10"  (you get more for this one, though) or 3 for $20 deals. Bar is the left (separated by the door), restaurant takes up the majority of the right side of the space.Atmosphere is less kitschy, used to be like Applebees.  We were seated promptly and were waiting for the other half of our party. Service is a little slow (which is typical), but there was a healthy lunch crowd (it got really loud towards the end of our meal). It did take a while to order. But service got better as we got our food and the server did check on us several times during our meal. Looking around, I noticed the same thing happening, people waiting for their food (so we weren't the only ones). We hadn't been here recently, until yesterday for lunch with the family (to celebrate my husband's birthday). For Stripes members, complimentary chips and salsa. We- the adults- tried the 2 for $10 deal, entree, plus and appetizer or dessert. I got the chicken fingers (8 pieces) and fries/unseasoned- pretty large plate of food and potstickers (didn't dip it). I was trying to get the reasonable meal with the least amount of sodium damage (pregnant and watching my diet) so I was pretty much guessing (yeah, good luck to me, right?! just trying to find a happy medium). The potstickers were very good and tasty (6 pieces) though I didn't dip it in soy sauce. The fingers were heavily breaded and crispy, and though it was a large plate, would probably not order this again. I only had two pieces (took it home for my mom). The fries were skin-on, crispy, and thin. My husband got the angus burger- he really liked his burger, came with fries and the oreo madness (two pieces pretty much like mini ice cream sandwiches). Dessert was the best part- very good. This I would order again! (I'd probably order the korean tacos next time).  My sister got the parmesan crusted chicken and peanut butter chocolate pie. Hers came with small cheese balls and tomatoes My sister said that her dessert was very rich, like a truffle, and only ate half, gave the rest to my older nephew. My brother-in-law got the burger (came with fries) and mozzarella sticks (these were flattened). My older nephew got the chicken fingers plate- he finished it (smaller than the adult plate), and my other nephew got the cheese pizza and fries plate (he didn't finish it, but he doesn't like eating burned food). They also had some mozzarella sticks. They also got kid-size milkshakes.
4	Really can't go wrong with TGI Friday's for going to a commercial restaurant. I like this stand alone location better than any of the others they have that are inside of casino's.They have a special that you have to ask for now by request only, as per our server they ripped it out of the menu. They must have been losing money as I think the special went over a bit too well lol. It is really a lot of food for $10 bucks!The two for $10 menu is great, you get to select a main entree and have your choice of an appetizer or dessert. I had the new Korean tacos that come with Jasmine rice on the side. Three tacos very filling, the Korean beef is a bit sweet and the hint of chili sauce just makes it perfect. I will for sure order this again! I was in the mood for a salad so ordered that as my appetizer, it was a nice big wedge salad with bacon and tomatoes, very generous!My sweetheart got the cheeseburger w/fries and selected cheese sticks as his side, very filling a full appetizer which is normally $7.99 alone. We both ordered the two for $10 special as you can't beat it!!!Service was Amazing, we had Meagan as our server and she was Fantastic! Always dropping off a drink before we finished our previous one. I love refills on drinks without having to ever ask and she kept them coming! We sat in the bar as we wanted a booth and could watch TV during our dinner which were all of the sports games, basketball this night. We will be back as always to this location only. The food is always great and service is fantastic.
1	DONT GO DONT GO DONT GO.....my girlfriend and I have been to the sunset rd one 4 times over the last few months.  There is always a problem.  !st time we ordered the 2 for $20.00 and each had a drink.. our bill was over $60.  When we asked the waitress she said "ohhhhhhhh i rang it in as a regular order".  This has happened twice.  Come on I wasnt born yesterday.  They are scamming so if you dont look over your bill your paying full price.  Then just this Saturday night 8/11/2012 we saw a 2 for $10 comercial and figured hey 10 bucks lets give it one more shot..  We were seated and given our menu's but no 2 for 10- menu when i asked for it they said they dont have the 2 for 10 anymore.  I said i just saw the commercial and its on your website.  She said we dont have that she then said they had a 3 for 20.  I looked over the 3 menu's they hand you and no 3 for 20 so i had to call her over and ask for it.  I then asked why isnt the 3 for 20 menu included with all these others. get this response " ohhh if you dont ask for it we dont give it to you" . I then asked for a manager and she dismissively informed me that on any specials if you dont know about it and ask for it they dont tell you about it..  Are you kidding me.  Needless to say we didnt ordered and i just paid for the drinks and left.  Also this place has gone down hill in the clean dept.  Floors dirty tables not cleaned.  What a joke I will never eat at a fridays again.  When we asked the manager for the corporate number we had to wait 10 mins for it and she doesnt even include her name on it we had to ask. SCAM SCAM SCAM SHADY PLACE.  AGAIN DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY HERE
3	First time to this location and actually to a TGIF's in a while. Hung out in the bar section with friends before a night out. The service was pretty good and comical at the same time. Two waitresses waiting on our table, neither knowing that the other was working the same table! One would come and take our drink orders and then the other would come and do the same thing just minutes later! Communication obviously doesn't happen here. or they were just making sure we had what we needed since the party was so big. Yeah...that was it! Outside of that, very friendly staff and a generally clean establishment. I ordered the nachos and they were ok. Nothing to brag about by any means. Just ok. I'd probably visit this location again on a whim, but that's about it. Overall good experience.
2	Was in last Sunday and unfortunately, we were not impressed.  Sat in the bar area during Happy Hour and it was dead.  Not too happy.Service - Server took our order and it took 10 minutes to get our drinks. I could have stepped up to the bar and gotten it faster. Then my wife asked for lemons and she walked by our table at least 5 times before she remembered to get them.Food - Had a burger and a steak.  Not hard stuff, but the steak was generic and the burger was ok.Restaurant - Its a chain restaurant, but it seems to be in need of a deep cleaning. Tables and seats felt like they were cleaned with a dirty sticky rag.Overall, it will be quite a while before we head back to TGI Fridays. Too many other good places in Vegas better worth our dollar.
1	After 2-3 chances, this restaurant has earned its one star. I think this has got to have one of the slowest service I've ever encountered! Forgetting little requests, not one refill, taking forever for the bill & just plain checking up on the table. Do they have staff meetings while they're open? In addition, the food is not fresh tasting or appealing. Their spinach artichoke dip frozen dinner from Smith's is better. Makes me wonder how they keep their location in the Orleans?
2	Food was good service was bad. The hostess and our waitress were not friendly at all. I regret giving our waitress a big tip since her service sucked, but im a firm believer  in Karma and since I live mostly on tips I always feel the urge to always tip 20%.
2	I've been to a couple locations in the Las Vegas area and this location didn't seem as busy as others. Bar was pretty empty for a Friday night. We were a party of 20-waitress had a hard time keeping up with checking to make sure we didn't need anything, nonetheless, waitress was very polite. Food was ok. Nothing to brag about. I had the Chicken Cajun Pasta and it was a bit too spicy for my liking. Place is alright. Just TGI.
2	Meh...typical Americana food and atmosphere.  5 different menus slapped in front of me makes my brain hurt.  Stop trying to appeal to EVERYONE and focus on your core clientele.  Going into places like this is really difficult for me because they have something for "everyone" but nothing is really that good.  Thanks for the 2 dollars off on my appetizer due to happy hour though.
5	Sarah.Sarah.Sarah... Only great things to say about her, if anyone wants to understand the true meaning of customer service come and ask for her. She will treat you like royalty and promises only the best of opinions from the menu and guarantees it will only satisfy your taste buds. FIRE!!! Is the definition of the jack Daniel burger. It was so vivid in taste, so juicy and tender, so satisfying in every way possible. It had the most accurate amount of TLC you can put into food. To make a long story short the atmosphere is good, food is great, and service from SARAH is fantastic.
1	Never going there again! My wife and My 8 yr old son got food poisoning the last time we were there, my son got it from the kids pizza and carrots with ranch, and my wife got it from their chicken fingers with fries with ranch. As soon as we left there they had a really bad stomach ache and started throwing up everywhere and had to rush to the nearest restroom.
1	Im starting this review in the bar bc service is that bad !! This is the first time I've called a manager over to the table bc of bad service ... I recognize its the bar area but paying customers are paying customers ... period .... we had to ask for refills several times ... she seemed visibly annoyed when we asked for steak sauce ... We had to call her to our table just to order ... that should of been our first clue as to what we were getting into .. I wouldn't recommend this location to anyone ... better bars with Wayyyyyy better servers !!
4	Usually good food, great drinks, loud but ok service. Today.... Well, we'll see.
4	Was here for dinner on Fri/27 Sep about 6 pm with a buddy:- Happy hour was going on so we sat in the bar area.- I'm in their TGIF rewards program (which is free to accrue points for your purchases) and had a voucher for a free sandwich/burger combo and my burger was fine.  - My buddy got the Jack Daniels sampler platter: ribs and fried shrimp were good, the popcorn chicken(?) wasn't so good.- Friendly staff.
2	I came this past weekend for a quick dinner there was hardly anyone in the restaurant , and it took us 20 mins to be seated and the hostess was very rude. The food was good but they need to work on there customer service .
1	What happened to this place? I guess coming in at 6pm on a Saturday and seeing it completely dead should be a sign. For starters, the food and drink prices seem ridiculously high from what I remember. The staff is alright, our waiter was pretty friendly this time around but with as slow as it was, it took way too long for our food to come out.I went with a new item they had on the menu...Korean Steak Tacos. For $10, I expected a lot more. The tacos were small and had barely any meat on them, the tortillas were stale and I'm pretty sure the greens topping them were expired. My wife had the wedge salad and boneless wings which were both okay. They drench the wings in sauce so they are super soggy when they come out. About the only thing we liked were the pretzel sticks which I'm guessing are a frozen thing so not too hard to get right anyway.The food and service might deserve 2-3 stars but the restaurant doesn't for letting a particular "balloon man" wander around. I posted a picture of the guy so if you see him, make sure to say no thanks on the balloon animals. I don't get mad easily and joke around quite a bit, but this dude was a complete d-bag. He was making inappropriate jokes, being rude and just acting like a complete jackass in front of my family, including my 4 year old who he was making the balloon for. Had I not been with family, there would have been a problem with the way this guy was acting. I won't be coming back to this particular TGI Friday's anytime soon, if ever, just because of him.
4	My co-worker and I literally didn't know what we wanted for lunch and were just about to put names of restaurants in a cup to draw...but when we wrote down TGIF...well...lunch fell into place for us! Lol! So when we got there they had a banner outside advertising a 2 for 10.99 on a half rack of BBQ ribs...i made my mind up before I walked in the door! They actually give you a separate sheet of paper for their 2 for 10.99 offers so I guess you HAVE to ask them for it or you'll never even know that menu exists! I ordered my appetizer (garlic, tomato basil(?) bruschetta) and my ribs...DeEELiCiOuS!!! That Jack Daniels BBQ sauce is something else! The entree comes with fries and cole slaw...I asked if they could replace it with a rice pilaf or something but that 2 for 10.99 won't allow it I guess :( ...but the slaw was surprising okay! It has green onion and cilantro in it...kinda reminded me of the inside of a fish taco minus the fish! Lol! We also ordered a whiskey caramel cake a la mode...idk what it's called....but that was TO DIE FOR!!! decadent and not super sweet perfect blend of flavors! Great way to end the meal!...AND...you get $2 off desert at lunch! :) I love a discount!The staff was awesome! Super attentive...definitely will go back for more! :)
4	For an inexpensive restaurant similar to chilis and applebees, this restaurant actually had pretty good food.  The only reason I dont give 5 starts for this visit is the waiter took 10 mins to even introduce himself and take our drink order.  I do think I was seated right at shift-change though.  I was surprised that the prices increased from what I remember, but I would still prefer going here over any other restaurant of the type. (I usually only waste my time going out to a restaurant if I know it will be worth it since I usually cook better than the restaurant.)  Kudos to TGI Friday's for this visit.
4	I came in and counted about 12 open tables and there was still a 20-30 minute wait on a Saturday night, but on a saving note our waiter Bob was quick to take our order brought us waters with our drinks. The appetizers were very timely and of good taste. The main course came out as we were finishing our appetizers for a perfect transition. The meal was delicious.
2	We had dinner here one night because we didn't have time to look around for a good local place - we found out we really should have taken more time. I know it is a chain and it is nothing special but I also know it is usually decent and you know what you are getting at TGIF.Food was bland, and not really filling. We went out later and picked up sandwiches because there really wasn't much food on the plate. Service was good, place was a bit loud but that is TGIF.Overall, edible food but I was really disappointed with this place.
5	I have been going to this restaurant for over 5 years, the service is always good and the people are friendly. The manager Chris make it a point to come around to check with us to make sure that we are being well taken care of. Also they update their menus often so there is always something new to try.
1	Last night at this location I had the worst experience of my life. This fridays must be privately owned because they employees are beyond super rude. They just assume anything can be fixed by giving you coupons that are worth ten bucks.  Last night my server decided because I didn't want my liquor that she would return to my table and throw our dinner at us on the table like she had lost her mind. I have never had anyone throw a hot plate of food at me or my husband. So I called the manager and I told her what happen she was all maybe she's tired or something.  How many excuses can u make for uncalled for criminal behavior?  Well a million according to this lazy narrow minded manager. She happily removed 20 bucks off our tab. I got to let you all know I will never return to this location. I suggest my friends & family do the same. I'd like to not see my friends & family get hurt by a server who needs anger management classes or have children I love be placed in harms way because a server throws a temper tantrum and throws a hot plate and hurts someone. This server needs to be in the kitchen she's not a people person. She is a law suit waiting to happen. Never will I return ever.
2	Went with a party of 7 and had an okay experience. Waitress came out with waters but kept forgetting our other drinks. First she brought the coke then we had to remind her about the lemonade and so on and so on. After taking our order she didn't even pick up the menus which were taking up space. We piled them up on the side for her too. No refills. And when we were done it took forever for the check. Food was okay but much better than our service.
4	I was working graveyard when I ordered for carryout to this place. The bar tender handles everything at this point and was so nice and friendly. She talked to me over the phi phone like we'd been friends forever and when I got there to pick up my food same thing. The food came out hot and fresh and she loaded me down with sauces which is something I always hole for. My jack Daniels burger was so bomb. That's what I usually get and it's delicious.
1	Service at this location is almost non existent.  Hostess practically threw the kids menu at us. Been here more than 10 minutes without even seeing a waitress or being asked if we want something to drink. Waiting on manager now. Not too many people here so I can't understand the long wait.  I live right around the corner from this location and will definitely never come back. Absolutely crazy
5	I'm redoing this review because of new management. Check out this review for the new pictures :)the person who waited on our table was Taylor. He was intelligent funny and was a joy to have around. The bartender does not pay attention to details.  As you can see from my pictures the drink I ordered had to be remade. Over all I give the location 5 stars. Everything has improved.
1	Now I remember why I never come to this location when I go to TGI Fridays...service is terrible! When we arrived we were told it was going to be a 30 min wait. Since it was Friday night, we figured that made sense and we sat around waiting for our table. About 20 min later we were told that our table was ready and followed the hostess into the restaurant where we were led to the far back left corner, passing through a half empty restaurant! If there were dozens of tables empty, why did we have to wait and more importantly, why were we lied to about a 30 min wait when they could've pieced together 2 tables to fit our party of 5 easily! When it came time to order our drinks and appetizers, I inquired about happy hour and was told it was only at the bar. Since my friend had his nephew with him we couldn't move to the bar, oh well. We placed our drink and food orders, with Rachel and I going with the $10 unlimited appetizers - mozzerella sticks and boneless wings. The mozz sticks and wings were decent since those are pretty difficult to screw up. My 2nd order of mozz sticks were not as good and the cheese wasn't as melted which is how I like it. Our 2nd order of wings had the garlic parmesean sauce on it, which tasted kind of funky. Rachel couldn't eat it because it looked like snot to her lol.When it came time to pay, we split the check between 2 cards and when the waitress saw this she asked for our IDs. Hold up, hold my phone. Since when do restaurants check for IDs when paying for a meal?! At first I refused to show my ID on the principle that no merchant is supposed to ask for ID anyways when paying with a card (Visa and MasterCard both prohibit this), much less a restaurant. However, it didn't seem like she was going to let me use my card if I didn't show her my ID. A little argument ensued where I informed the waitress that by doing so her business is in violation of their contracts/agreements with MasterCard and that I would report them for such a violation if she continued to ask for my ID. In the end, I decided to just comply by tossing my ID at her rather than just walking out and not paying. I figured I'd contact MasterCard and their corporate customer service to voice my complaints, because an hourly paid waitress is too dumb to understand anything related to business or contracts anyways. All she kept saying was that she could send her manager over as if that was going to solve anything. She said it was store policy so I'm pretty sure her manager was the one that taught her this. Idiots.
2	TGIF's is one of my favorite restaurants!! But this visit I was a little disappointed & sad, that's why unfort. I have to rate this a 2 Star. :-(I've been to this location before without any issues so not sure what has happened over time or this night??The lobster tails are my favorite dish on the menu! I always order them when I have gone  there the past few times. I never get them grilled because having them grilled tend to dry them out & then they don't taste so good! The other option is boiled or steamed?? I can't seem to remember, I must have lobster brain now! lol But with this visit @ this location I got a loaded baked potato with my tails & it was shockingly ice cold. Really?? I have no idea how this could of happened but I told our server James right away, well the new one he brought me was steaming hot & much better! I found the lobster tails to be smaller then usual. (You get only 2) & a little drier then normal. Thank God for the high cholesterol causing melted butter to dip them in & make them taste much better! The broccoli wasn't so yummy as it always is! I've been a strips card member for years!! It's free to sign up & you accumulate points every time you eat or drink there then get coupons via email offering money off your meals & free food. I used my 20% off coupon & saved my date $11.00 off the bill. We also got to try out some free chips & salsa before our meal (thanks to a strip offer). My date said the salsa wasn't spicy @ all, which I agreed with him on this & the chips were blah. They weren't the greatest so I would never order them & pay for them. I like freebies & it gives you a chance to try stuff out esp. if you have never had them before! The place was really busy for a Sunday night. There was no hostess when we arrived (6pm) & we had to wait a few minutes for her to show up! Also our food came out really fast (I mean it is lobster tail), our waiter James was fabulous! Very friendly & you could tell he enjoys his job! He was sympathetic when I had to tell him my baked potato was ice cold & took care of it right away! Though a little surprised a manager didn't come over like @ most restaurants when there is something wrong they stop by...?? He kept our drinks filled, asked us how are meals were, offered dessert & brought our check over right away & took care of cashing us out quickly cause no one likes having to wait for their check, change or CC receipt when they are ready to leave!!! I've also have had their hamburgers & Jack Daniels grilled chicken which are other favorites of mine! Some of the pasta dishes I have tried have been good too! Hopefully if I ever hit this location again in the future the food will be better!
3	I had to wait for almost 20 minutes at the bar before the bartender appear to take my order.  I thought he was stocking are doing some business but really he just he came out with nothing in his hands it's obvious he wasn't doing anything I waited for 20 minutes at the bar before he took my order and had to wait another five minutes before I got my drink it was very disappointing.  I could see if the place was busy but it was really slow and it's a shame that I has wait so long.  I will say this the draft glasses are amazing they're so cold the beer came out ice chilled one of the most refreshing beers I've had in a long time.   I had the spinach dip and the barbecue chicken flatbread.  The dishes were average however we did not have to wait long service in the food department was really good!The food service and the chilled glass save the review, we will be back!
4	We went for lunch, party of 8 and everyone was pretty happy with it. The service was good, in fact our server never wrote anything down and we got all our orders correct except one person did get sauce on her sandwich instead of on the side. I had the California Club and it was excellent, so really no complaints here. Probably the only thing is that a few of us felt that the prices were just a bit high for what we got.
2	I have been here a few times before and the service has been ok at best at best some of the food I very much so enjoy if you want to get a steak you want to go somewhere else e... never ever ever have I gotten steak cooked correctly there. I I ordered to go and when I arrived there i found out there was no to go parking or curbside things like most other restaurants of its kind I was told to go in the bar that was filled with smoke because I guess they allow smoking in there there and was told to look for the bartender to get my food... Boy do I love smelling like cigarettes when I leave a restaurant..
4	Ordered potato skins and the shrimp skillet.  Pretty good.  On my lunch break, enjoyed the music while relaxing with some great food.  Teresa, was great.
5	Food was yummy, service was fast, and the vibe from the server was awesome! - I would definitely return !
4	I come in here to catch up with my bud and occasionally have a bite.  I love it great service Larissa the bartender is super cool.  Very chill and good food.
4	Been craving beer and spinach dip so decided to stop by during happy hour and sit at the bar. The bartender was attentive and professional which is important to me. She remained busy the whole time I was there but still made sure I was takin care of and my drink wasn't empty very long. Kudos to her for a great job. Nowadays reviews can make or break a place so whenever I have a good or bad experience  I make sure to jump on yelp.
5	So my boyfriend and I enter and the hostess takes us to a table because there are no booths but it was too cold for me and my bf so she said where ever we would like I sat by the sun for warmth but then I saw a booth became open we moved. In the bathroom its very nice it was messy and very cold also the mechanism sensor of the water flow didn't work very well and the machine where you have to manually take the napkins out. Didn't work so I came out asking for napkins of course they were very apologetic we sat at a booth with Tammie when she came over there were no menus nor was the table clean because we have moved but they quickly set it up . Tammie was amazing had a great smile always and tried to upgrade us but in a casual way where I didn't feel pressure we asked her opinion on dessert and she gave it to us.she asked us for refills and was very on top of her service. Definitely would come back for the service we love TGIF and it's a routine for us .My bf and I have never been to this one and we will be coming back. the only downfall...the bathrooms:( boo
3	We have been here several times.  Service and food has always been quality for the price.
3	Its a chain, the food is the same as in all others, what differs from place to place is the service.The hostess at this location was not at the front when we arrived and she seemed surprised to see us waiting when she came back.  She seated us and we waited and waited and waited.  Finally I went back to her after sitting there for almost 10 minutes to ask her if we actually had a server?Finally a server came over and took our drinks which came pretty quick.  Our food order was taken and then we only saw her when she was standing at another table talking with some people she was just talking with, they had no other needs.Our food came and we had to flag someone down for anything we needed from napkins, to sauces to refills on our drinks.  When we were done and wanting our bill, I had to flag down someone who looked like the manager and ask her for our bill as our server was no where to be found????Like I said, the food is pretty much the same at all locations, but the service is what makes or breaks a place and for this location, it is one I am not in a hurry to return to as the service needs a lot of help here.
3	Food was delivered quickly and overall atmosphere was nice. Bartender did a swell job.
1	TGIF has disappointed me extremely bad today. Ordered the appetizer trio. Skins mozz sticks and boneless wings. My plate came out with every bodies else's food, which was fine except the plate had to have been in a micro wave because even the celery was super hot. I might as well have ordered a pound of grease. The skins had no taste and just fry oil through and through! The mozz sticks, stunk! And the boneless wings where over fried. Never returning to this location or maybe any location again.
5	this is a bit of a late review but I was trying to figure out our bartender's name.. I couldn't but whatever :) well first off, this was my first time here and boy was our happy hour HAPPY! we came in search of some beer, apps, gaming (me) and football (her) and all of that we got!the happy hour here is amazing, that and the gaming comps. my good friend an I are happy hour hoppers so we were stoked on this place. we will definitely be back!thanks bartender lady! (she was super sweet and caramel-skinned)
2	Bad service. Appetizers came out after meal. After I asked to just cancel it. Tea was sour, she said she would replace it and never did. Sarcastic attitude when asking about meal. Baked Potato with the works on side. The side never came.
