5	Excellent little place!  Absolutely amazing amazing  food, which is wonderfully presented and fresh, not to mention affordable!  This is a newer place that needs a lot more recognition!  Family run; hospitality from owner is exceptional!
5	I love this place!   I'm there at least once a week.  Great variety of rice and noodle dishes.  Every dish is served hot and made to your specifications - and if you go back Shelly WILL remember exactly how you like it.  Reasonable prices; family run.  Lots of repeat customers originally from the East Coast (New York/New Jersey) and Midwest (Chicago)  where we (speaking as a Midwesterner) have many choices and KNOW good Chinese food.
5	One of Las Vegas' best kept secrets! An incredible value, and the food is SO much better than you might expect. Every dish I've tried is delicious, with orange chicken being my favorite. Lo mein is another irresistible dish. Friendly server Shelly (who remembers your last order, from your last visit, down to the special requests), and an intimate dining room, of just four tables, that feels like home (just with much better food). A must-visit restaurant. You'll absolutely love it. I'll be building a Web site for them soon, and trust me, I'm taking my payment in amazing food!
5	I've been here probably about 6 times or so. Its most definitely good for Chinese take-out food. Shelly, the server, is a nice woman that remembers your name and makes useful suggestions if you are stuck.The food is reasonably price for the amount that they give you, and the past couple times she has given me complimentary soup while I waited for my take out. So rather than stopping at Panda Express or another generic Chinese cuisine place, stop by Bobo China and enjoy.
5	Had my first visit here a few weeks ago in my search to find a new local chinese spot. Walked in to order and it smelled fantastic inside. Very small place with only 3 or 4 tables. Obviously mostly take-out. The young lady at the counter was very kind and even gave me a cup of Egg Drop soup to try while I waited for my order (I told her I wanted to order soup to-go but they only had one size and it was way to big for me). I usually don't enjoy Egg Drop soup but this one was amazing. I ordered a dinner combination to-go. If I remember correctly I ordered chicken and broccoli (my fav). The food is fair priced and was very good quality as opposed to most chinese hole in the wall places I have gone to. Looking forward to my next visit. Would give 4.5 stars if I could but they get 5 for the server being so kind. Only gripe is I wish the portions were slightly bigger.Great spot for local take out once you find it. I drove by it once looking for it.
4	Aunty Bobo! This is our go to place when we're feeling lazy. I absolutely love the egg drop soup. It's the simplest thing, but sometimes simple is perfect. I'd recommend the beef chow fun and chicken with garlic sauce.I wouldn't recommend this place to someone who is very traditionally Chinese (e.g. my mother), but for Hapa kids like us, it's all good.
5	the food is so  good here, I 'm very  glad that I found this place. My husband and I love the real taste of food . the lady who work there is so friendly.
5	We love this place. Owners are great and food is great. She always knows our order before we say anything.
3	To start off, I give this restaurant 3.5 stars. I am basing this on the best Chinese food I have ever had. Loved the potstickers. The Chicken with garlic sauce was good. The egg flower soup, some of the best I have had. Reason: wasn't overly thick and had a really light but tasty flavor-egg was present but fluid. The shrimp fried rice was bland and missing something; unfortunately it was the shrimp. The orange chicken was really good. There wasn't too much breading and the flavor spot on. One unfortunate thing-forgot soy sauce for a take out Chinese order, even though I requested it twice. The lady at the counter-was good people.
5	I owe it to Yelp for helping me find this place. I've been to the Smart and Final and Del Taco a gazillion times, but I never noticed the Bobo China in the same shopping center. Even If I had noticed it, I'm not sure I would have tried it. I am absolutely in love with this place. The lady who always helps me is very nice and pretty sarcastic which is pretty much how I am.     I order from here at least once a week. I get pickup and delivery and I'm always pleased either way. If I had to be critical I think one time it wasn't really as hot as it could have been. But that's out of like 20 times ordering so far. Another big note is that delivery is free. That's rare! Obviously you still need to take care of the driver but hopefully that doesn't need to be said.     I first had the Egg Drop soup when I was waiting for a pickup order. The lady behind the counter brought it over which was so nice! That little gesture was appreciated. It was delicious. One of the best Egg Drop soups I have had yet. It probably helps that I'm a little plain and there isn't any crazy other ingredients. Since that day I have ordered it several times. It comes in a pretty good sized container. You can definitely share it with at least one other person if not two. They even give you this spicy chili sauce to add to it if you like it spicy. It adds a great spicy kick to an already delicious flavor.    I also am a fan of their wings. I don't get wings often at chinese restaurants but I have here once or twice. I love the way its breaded.    Their potstickers and dumplings are delicious as well. I'm not sure the difference between the two here. They were very similar. Maybe just the way they were cooked.     I also love their Kung Pao Chicken. It's pretty much what I always order, though I'm tempted to try more things soon.    And to top it all off the prices are so reasonable. It's the ideal little hole in the wall Chinese takeout spot. Clean, cheap, friendly, and the food is delicious. A big thank you to Yelp for helping me find this place.
3	Because I did so well at work and possibly because my boss sympathized with me being sick and all, she decided to treat me to lunch.  I chose this place for the reviews and affordability.  I ordered the Kung Pao Chicken that came with fried rice.  Too bad it didn't come with soup or spring roll.  But, can't be too picky.  Kung Pao Chicken was very tasty and for the price we paid I would order it again.  The rice was also pretty good.  It just needed egg.  My boss also ordered Egg Drop Soup.  That tasted pretty good too.  However, it lacked corn.  I think I've become a fan of Egg Drop Soup with Corn.  Egg Drop Soup to me will always need corn now.  Otherwise, I won't have it unless it just comes with it.
4	Dropped by over the weekend just to check them out.  The menu is not extensive, the restaurant is small (not much room for dining in if you are coming with a large party), but they are supposedly one of the top Chinese restaurants in the country.Anyway, I ordered one of their all day specials and it was done within a few short minutes.  The shrimp tasted fresh, everything was piping hot (yeah burnt my tongue getting a preview before I drove home). I felt that there was a lot more "sauce" than the rest of the food,otherwise it was tasty.It is a nice little neighborhood Chinese take-out spot for those in the SW (Sahara and Durango).  They will deliver within 2 miles.I think the restaurant is run by a Chinese couple.  The wife mans the front,while the husband cooks in the kitchen.  Definitely worth supporting this kind of small business that provides good food and good value.I will give it 4 stars, with one of the stars dedicted to the stone throw proximity to my current abode.
5	We eat here several times a month... The food is good and affordable. Shelly, that answers the phones and serves customers, is amazing. She always remembers you and seems to uncannily remember your order from last time. Very personable. Makes you feel welcomed. Not a lot of tables, small eating area. We usually order for pick up.
4	Thx to yelp found this place close to my friend's house,funny she has been there many times and did not remember the name,as it is a strange name for a chinese restraurant.. The place is a small in hole in the wall,,maybe can seat about 12 max,but mainly to-go is there business ,which is ok with me,as I usually take to go most places. I got the combo lunch/dinner,,it comes with 3 single apetizers,, the crab ragoon was smooth and tasty,the butterfly shrimp,was deep fried good,but the egg rolll,was bland,but then again I am not a big fan on egg rolls..The combo was reasonably price,which was a great selection for dinner to go.. I got the shrimp and broccoli,the shrimp were huge,not those tiny ones and lots of them.. Hmmmmmmmm sounds good, too bad I live on the other side of town, I would go there more often for cheap good lunch..
2	PUT A MENU ONLINE!FB page doesn't work - hurting takeout business!
3	This place is decent. One Of the better picture menu Chinese restaurant out there.
2	This is the kind of Chinese take-out place you expect find in a place, say like Kansas, where you imagine there are only one or two Chinese people in the whole state.The food is not bad, but in Las Vegas that's not good enough. Yea, it close by and they deliver, so there is the whole convenience thing, but you would better served by driving a few miles to Chinatown, where you WILL get good Chinese. Good Chinese is just one of those things that can never be compromised.
5	best chinese food in vegas!  done!
4	I love BOBO CHINA! One of my favorites is their sweet and sour shrimp! Oh my wow huge shrimp golden fried in the most yummy batter, wow and a sweet and sour sauce that I just want to marinade in baby! Also their General So's chicken is bomb! MMMMMMM YUMMY! Also do yourself a favor and get an order of crab rangoons! The egg rolls are great as well! They are known for great quality! Everything is cooked via wok from scratch! Is a great comfortable place to dine or take out. Great portions and great prices for such high quality!
5	Finally there is a Chinese takeout place close to where I live that is actually good!  It's a very small restaurant and they seemed swamped but handled it well.  The server/phone operator/take out staff (all one person) gave me a bowl of egg drop soup while I waited for my take out, which was nice.  All while handling two dine-in tables, phone orders, and other people waiting for take-out.  The food came out in 15 minutes like she promised, was very tasty, and for $20 there was a ton of it!  We tried the Hunan beef, the Kung Pao pork and the wonton soup.  All were excellent.  Yay! Thanks Yelp for another great suggestion!
1	My bf and I moved here from the East coast where we've had amazing Chinese food.  Being Chinese, my bf was craving authentic Chinese food.  Based on the yelp reviews, we chose to go here, NEVER again, we got food poisoning from here just from the fried rice!
5	Great price, great food ::orange chicken:: I will never step foot in a panda express ever again, Bobo's is just better & my Mom loves it too! Shelly is super nice!
4	Bobo China baby! Fresh! Tasty! Generous! Wok! Fantastic service!!! I have eaten here many times, take out and dine in! Is great either way! I love my FREE cup of egg drop soup while I am waiting for my takeout order! Garlic chicken is really good! Crab Rangoons! MMMMM Yes order these tasty critters as an addition to your meal! They also have great dinner combos that include, a jumbo fried shrimp, egg roll and crab rangoon! Can't go wrong! Filling for a great price! I have to thank my Yelper sis Nikki H. for introducing me to this great find! Great food and great service every time I visit, you can't go wrong! You will be hooked once you try it!
5	This place is freaking awesome!!!!!!!!!!! And the lady there is amazing !!!!!! A+++++ definitely recommend this place. Also I was looking at the comments and the person that said that got food poisoning from the rice is an idiot :D!
5	Absolutely delicious. I loved the sweet and sour pork combo meal. Well worth it.
1	never eat here! i was at seattle dan's pizza a few doors down, the owner told me the water system was shut off for a few hours in the whole complex and by regulations business has to close, with the water shut down, cant wash hands, cant wash dishes, cant flush toilets, they stayed open without water turned on, health dept had every right to come in and fine them! they will serve you dirty and it is not healthy!
2	This is the 2nd time I've had takeout from here and I am still unimpressed. The cashew chicken was bland and lacked flavor. Even with the unusual addition of bell pepper in the dish it still was quite bleh. The fried rice and noodles that accompany the lunch special were underwhelming as well. The hot and sour soup I ordered tasted more like egg drop soup with a lot of pepper and pork thrown in. I have friends that love this place, but for my palate I have to disagree.
4	I love me some Bobo China!Had lunch here the other day and my friend had the kung pao chicken and I had my usual fried shrimp dinner. All dinner combinations come with 1 crab rangoon, 1 egg roll, 1 deep fried shrimp w/fried rice and a cup of egg drop soup. Mmmm yummy and filling!Great value and quality as always.The service can not be beat!I love how the food is all fresh from the Wok and piping hot upon arrival!Still a very strong 4!
5	Solid, tasty, friendly neighborhood Chinese food with off-menu Szechuan skills. Very reasonable prices make you want to order more than one dish per person. Will make brown rice for you if you call ahead 60mins before arrival.Really impressed by the Szechuan Chicken (not on the menu) - perfect spice, complex flavor, and very good quality ingredients. Tastes like home-cooking, and the food is good-looking and colorful with fresh vegetables. Kung Pao Chicken (on the menu) is similar to the Szechuan, and is also made with generous slices of white meat chicken. We ate our food there, but from the looks of it, this would be really good take-out and would heat up well the next day. We ate our entire plates clean, really quickly. Looking forward to trying a lot of other stuff on the menu. Don't be fooled by the unassuming storefront, this place is as good as China One, if not better and definitely more authentic (and friendly goes a long way.)Thanks to fellow Yelpers for their trailblazing on this shop. A small UYE would pack this joint, as there are only 4 or 5 tables (maybe 20ppl max?)...
4	It's a tradition in our family to order pizza or Chinese the night before Christmas.  After reading all the reviews on Yelp, we decided to try Chinese from BoBo China.Boy, am I glad that we did!I placed the order on the phone with a super nice lady that I could tell was a very happy soul. :)We ordered:*Chicken Fried Rice*Chicken Lo Mein*Crab RangoonsThey said they would be about 30 minutes, but the food was here in about 15 minutes- what a pleasant surprise!Everything was FULL of flavor!  Probably my favorite fried rice from a takeout place EVER!  My mom ordered the Chicken Lo Mein and ate the entire thing (to her surprise!) cause it was that good!I was happy to see that the Crab Rangoons came with spicy mustard, which is one of my favorites and it was super good!This is now my 100% go-to for Chinese delivery!!
3	I'm really conflicted about this place.  The food was good, but not that much better than any other take out in my general area.  We ate in which also colors my review.The first thing that struck me when we went in was how messy every table was.  At that point, I asked my wife if she wanted to do take out instead, but she said we'd wait.  A gentleman who just finished his complimentary egg drop soup while he was waiting for his takeout, got up from his table and offered it to us.  It was at this time that the woman showed up.  She cleaned off the table and we were seated by the door.From then, it was a bit of a wait for her to cover the few tables in the place, answer the phone, and give take out orders to people as they came in.  After a fair amount of time--nothing outrageous--she came to take our order.  My wife wanted the garlic chicken.  I wanted the pork with garlic sauce which was listed on the menu as hot and spicy.  She questioned each of us on what type of vegetables we liked.  I didn't understand this, but when I ordered, I guess she assumed we would be sharing and since my wife already had ordered a garlic dish, I wouldn't want the same.  Again, a discussion of what kind of vegetables I liked.  She then suggested I get one of two other pork dishes.  I ended up ordering the twice cooked pork.  I really didn't come for a discussion on vegetables as well intentioned as that might have been.We got a complimentary cup of egg drop soup which was good.  My wife liked her chicken with garlic sauce and I liked my twice cooked pork, but it wasn't spicy.  And, during the meal, I couldn't help look at the table ahead and to my left where every dirty dish from every other table ended up for a temporary home, but they stayed there during the hour plus we were in the restaurant.  I realize it's a mom and pop operation but when there are only 4 tables, it becomes an issue.I liked the woman.  She was quite friendly and had a good sense of humor.  If I come back, it will be for takeout only and I'll call in advance.  I think I've sworn off Chinese food in the neighborhood.  I'll stick to Thai food and get Chinese in Chinatown.
5	Great Food and the staff is outstanding. Good size portions and very reasonable prices. They will make things extra spicy if you want, and give you soup why you wait for your to go order.  Customer service is a lost art these days, but these guys nail it.  I always have a great experience here. Highly recommend.
5	I love Bobo China!  I forward to coming here as often as possible for lunch.  The $4.95 special is a great deal for a sit down meal. The food and service is always excellent.    I've tried just about everything on the menu and there's nothing I would avoid.  The orange chicken is amazing!  Server is always extra friendly with my young daughter.
5	My wife and I usually get the shrimp with broccoli and the chicken with broccoli, always with extra ginger and garlic. The food tastes fresh and great authentic NY Chinese flavor. The prices are very reasonable. Shelly the owner remembers your name and how you like your food. When's the last time a restaurant owner remembered your name and how you like your food?! Very fast takeout service. This is an excellent place for takeout and this is from a picky East coast guy who knows good Chinese food.
3	I wanted to really like this place.  Reviews here great, person at the counter extremely nice, complimentary egg drop soup while I waited for my take out...when I got back to my place, there were no plastic utensils...potstickers were ok, rice the standard, kung pao chicken unremarkable...Forgetting the omission of plastic utensils, it was ok, but don't think I'll be making another special trip back, anytime soon....
4	Bobo China you never disappoint!Fantastic and friendly service every single time!Fresh from the wok, delicious and fresh tasty food!Reasonable prices!Dine in and delivery!You can't go wrong!Took my Sis for Mother's day lunch treat for dine in. Mmm I selected kung pao shrimp lunch special, comes with rice and lo mein noodles and an egg roll. Very good, big juicy yummy shrimp!My Sister selected her favorite, garlic chicken which is also tasty and flavorful!We also got an appetizer of crab rangoons to share because we love the way they do them, mmmmm yum!Always a hit!
4	Love this place! I gave Bobo a chance last year after reading loads of reviews and I was not disappointing. My husband and I love the food and we absolutely adore the owners. I have been slowly converting my friends here and they too have not been disappointed. The food is amazing, the prices are fabulous and the atmosphere is great! The only reason why I am giving 4 stars is because they are so bloody far away from me! But honestly, they are worth the drive. Everything is made fresh, the veggies are still crunchy and the ambiance is great. I highly highly recommend Bobo to everyone in search of good chinese food.
4	Overall I was pleased with Bobo. That said it's a place I would go to pick-up food or have it delivered as the seating inside is very limited. I had their General Tso's Chicken lunch special which came with more than enough delicious food for a lunchtime meal! Oh and pretty darn good prices too!
4	I love this place!! I get the mapo tofu dish all the time. It is delicious. The owner is super cool and kind too. I definitely recommend this place for some Chinese takeout.
4	Bobo China was just what I needed to fulfill my chinese take-out craving.  It is tucked away in the Smart and Final parking lot at Sahara and Durango.  I usually call ahead and pick up.  I wouldn't recommend dining in as there are only a few tables and the ambiance is nothing to write home about.  The food, however, is everything I wanted.  I ordered the pork lo mein and the mongolian beef.  The lo mein was tasty and had a decent amount of pork in it.  The mongolian beef was good but had a lot of onions.  Definitely don't order if you don't care for them.  The portions were generous so I'll definitely be having left overs.  The girl at the front is great, always making sure everything is just right.  This place is a hidden gem perfect when you're craving some Chinese take-out....4 stars.
4	BoBo China is a regular spot of ours because we love the service and food experience so much which is consistently good!I opted for the walnut shrimp this time and it did not disappoint! I also ordered a side of appetizer crab rangoon which are always a hit! Along with oolong tea which is so welcoming in this cold weather it was a real treat!We are regulars and will be back many times over and over again!Thank you bob china for giving my tummy a happy ending it always feels so damn good!
4	YES! YES! YES!, someone finally got the flavor and the texture right when it comes to making Vegetarian tofu and vegetable fried rice. My husband and I visited Bobo's New Years Eve. Not wanting to fight the Las Vegas crowds we elected to pick up dinner and bring in the new year with sparkling cider, noise makers and a big sloppy kiss @ midnight. Though we had never heard of Bobo's. And it didn't really sound Chinese to us. We decided we had little to lose. So we trusted our faithful GPS system and headed to the closest Chinese restaurant to our location. Let me tell you we were not disappointed. The customer service was wonderful. And both my vegetarian meal and my husbands Lo Mein w/ chicken & vegetables and his chicken wings were on point. Very seldom have I found a place that is able to satisfy my Chinese itch. It was so good the first time, I had to go back a few days later to find out if my taste buds were dreaming. AND GUESS WHAT? They weren't. Even the second visit was beyond satisfying. And when I heated up my left overs for lunch the following day. The vegetables, rice and tofu were not mushy or oily the way some dishes get from reheating them. I recommend not only this restaurant for the quality time and energy they put into their food. But also for the care and concern for their guests. I would have given them 5 stars however I was unable to have a spring roll because they fry them in same oil as meat products. :(  so I was left wanting. But do let that deter you from and excellent meal.I really had a great foodie experience. I was glad I capped the end of the year off with Bobo's. I have already recommended the restaurant to family. And IM recommending it to you.Love Jordan
4	Great neighborhood chinese. Affordable, delicious, and great customer service. Volcano Shrimp will change your life!
4	I ordered the lemon chicken, hunan beef and lo mein.The lemon chicken is to die for. So good and the crispy coating made it all the way home. Hunan beef could be spicier. Take out order was fast, service super nice and I will go often. A great neighborhood joint!! Priced right too!
5	Delicious!! The food is soo good here. Probably one of the best chinese i've had for a while. Also, the lady who took my order was super nice.
3	The food was pretty good and at a good price, i will probably come back for lunch.
5	My favorite Chinese in Vegas. Great food and amazing service.
4	Hardly any neighborhood Chinese restaurants get Peking pork right. Bobo China nails it.  Service is always great and friendly.
5	Tried this place for the first time and already I'm in love! The owner has a great sense of humor and awesome customer service! She gave us a few recommendations for our take out order since we were so indecisive and ended enjoying our meal! She even gave us complimentary egg flower soup while we waited! (Which was soo yummy) I definitely will be coming back!
2	I didn't even get to try the food. I tried to order delivery, the first time I called they hung up on me without saying anything. The second time I called in they said they only deliver within 2 miles and hung up on me again.
5	Fantastic. Personalized service (she knows my name and order when I call) and genuinely nice people and dine-in quality food.
3	The Thai Ice Tea lacked flavor & watered down. The Chicken Fried Rice was good and the Walnut Shrimp was okay.. I don't think I'll be coming back. The service was good :)
4	Ordered the Kung Pao Chicken all day special and was impressed by everything I got. Wonton, Shrimp, Egg Roll, Fried Rice, and obviously my Kung Pao. I would've also got soup but the lady assumed I wasn't staying in so I just decided not to. My only complaint would be that there wasn't much chicken in the Kung Pao Chicken.
5	Amazing Chinese Food! Tastes very authentic. Tried the Honey Walnut Shrimp and Beef/Broccoli. Both were really good. Shelly the owner remembers what you ordered even after only stopping by a few times. She has a great sense of humor! Limited seating but take out is always an option :)
4	Great food! The prices are great! The service  is great! A coworker told me about this place and showed me the menu... I saw they had Sizzling Rice Soup! Not since I was 11 I have had this soup! Great childhood memories started flashing back! Friends and I ordered Kung Pao Shrimp, Sizzling Rice Shrimp,Chicken fried rice , so much yummyness! The food was great! Probably the best Chinese I have had in a while! Shelli is so awesome! Next time I will try the Thai Tea! Heard thats great! This place is 20 minutes of a drive at least from home and I will totally drive here Every time I get the urge!
5	My girlfriend and I eat here about every other week, always great service, delicious food, and great prices. The waitress remembers or faces and is always quick to take care of us. Will recommend it to friends.
4	We went in and had the dinner specials that comes with soup, egg roll, Rangoon and a piece of fried shrimp. We had the orange chicken, beef broccoli, sweet and sour chicken and ma po tofu. Everything was excellent and very well priced.
3	Decent food and good prices. Nothing too extraordinary as far as flavor but good value. For $6.99 the dinner special included an entree, veggie roll, crab rangoon, fried rice, soup and one fried shrimp. The service was quick and friendly, but the place only has four tables so it can fill up fast if you're dining in. Overall, a good place to try for a quick cheap meal!
5	I highly recommended the general tso chicken!!! The food here is delicious and the owner (who is the only server) has an amazing memory!!! My boyfriend and I came in a couple weeks prior to our visit today and she remembered us, our order and how we like regular duck sauce not their house duck sauce (which is made with duck sauce and apple sauce.) Overall: the prices are cheap, the food is good and service great and this all makes an amazing experience!!!!
5	my favorite place to eat chinese food on my lunch break :) General Tso & house special chicken, yum!! friend service too
3	This is a nice little casual place.  But styrofoam cups?  The front desk is a little messy.  I don't know how to describe the decor.  The soup and the beef/broccoli were very good.
2	I'm sad to have to write a negative review, we had high hopes for this place based on the other reviews.We are new to this side of town, and tonight we were at our new house painting - none of our dishes are here yet so we figured why not get Chinese? So we ordered from Bobo - Mongolian beef with fried rice, 2 egg rolls and a wonton soup. It came in about 40 minutes (a little slow, but the delivery guy was nice). When I opened the package up I was disappointed to find no spoon - I have no dishes so I can't eat my wonton soup. However, after looking at it, I didnt want to eat it anyway...it was super oily and had some kind of gross bright purple mystery meat in it (pork? Chicken? Something more sinister? Honestly I couldn't tell). My boyfriends Mongolian beef was okay, although not at all spicy like I had ordered. Fried rice was greasy and bland at best. Sorry Bobo, you won't be our new Chinese takeout place :-(
5	Tasty food, very flavorful. Good prices, spunky service. Had the string bean beef and was impressed with the tender beef and firm beans. Recommended!
5	I love the food here. It is always fresh tasting and the tase is wonderful.  I am happy I found the perfect place for excellent food and cleanliness.
4	One of those days when takeout Chinese and the TV are all you can handle?Come here and place your order, while you wait you get a complimentary bowl of egg drop soup, then it's back home to your sweatpants and Netflix. You know what I'm talking about.Best option is the lemon chicken- it's like the chinese food version of junk food, but the version here has two gigantic servings of chicken and is practically swimming in a generous amount of the perfectly sweet lemon sauce. Mad cheap with a side of rice for like $8.If you're going the healthy route, the shrimp and vegetable stir fry with brown rice is also a good option- lots of snap peas, broccoli, carrots, and celery in a flavorful sauce with several shrimp. Combo also comes with an eggroll, rangoon, and a fried shrimp, also for $8.Order both and add in a Big-Gulp-sized Thai tea and a tip for a date night around $20.Service is friendly and relatively quick, can't beat the price for the quality.
5	Just had lunch there. Amazing!! Price, quality and flavor. Probably the best that I have ever had. For anyone in the mood for a great Chinese lunch you won't be disappointed. I will definitely be back. Jeff A
4	Food is delicious and the manager is awesome. Small place but great special's and good place for a quick bite that will satisfy your Chinese food cravings.
5	Love this place. Don't let the look fool you. The food is very good. We went their on Yelp reviews an were very pleased.  It's a  small place with only 3 tables as they do  alot of take out.  But we have always eaten there. The service is great. The girl there always makes us laugh. She now knows us when we come in an already knows what we want. The orange chicken is yummmmmy as well as the kung pow. Love the fried rice. The combination plates are they way to go. Very reasonable an you get your sides with it. I try to have something new every time an I have yet to be disappointed.  like I said the food is very good an everything is very fresh. This has become our favorite place.  Traditional Chinese food. I highly recommend this place.
