4	I had a foot long burrito that starts at $4.99, I opted for carne asada which adds $2 and cheese which added $1. I'm a very athletic 6'1 215lb guy with a voracious appetite. For $8 I got two meals out of that burrito. Great value and flavor was good enough to order again. My lady friend had the 2 taco chicken platter which she enjoyed very much. I tasted the chicken and it was tasty.I'll definately be going back to Baja Taco and I too hope to see them around and wish them good luck with their endeavor.I must add that I almost walked straight out the door when I walked in because they didn't have the tray of jalapeno's and carrot's like Roberto's and most other taco shops have. I love that stuff so much in fact that the majority of the time the actual reason I go to Roberto's or similar places is because I'm craving the peppers and carrots and just using the food as something to go with them.
4	This place is pretty new. The employees behind the counter are nice but still a little confused but I think that's normal because they are new.  However the girl at the counter that helped us raved about the food and assured us we would like it.  They have a really good menu, their prices are VERY reasonable.  The food was hot, tasted good, the sauces were good (not great but definitely good) and the portions are WELL worth the money.  I was disappointed that they forgot the rice with our meal when we got home but it's minor and I'm ok with it as long as they don't forget items in the future.  I definitely give them kudos for some REALLY good quacamole and not just watered down thin crap like robertos taco shop has (i'm not even sure if it's real avocado that's how bad it is) I will DEFINITELY return
4	Got a footlong burrito which was TOTALLY unnecessary, but great lol. GF Got a carnitas burrito which she liked better than Roberto's. Staff was friendly, we will be back, but next time I will try one of their "cheap" specials.
2	We decided to try this place being that it is so close to my families house and I was craving tacos. My husband and brother got the footlong burritos which they both said they were bland. My brother also got the ranchero sauce to put on top and he was so glad he tasted it before he put it on his burrito because it was awful. It had a really weird taste like tomato sauce and slight enchilada sauce taste but no seasoning whatsoever. My sister and I ordered the carne asada soft tacos and the meat really wasn't that great. It had like a grilled weird flavor to it, my sister said the same thing. We got our son a soft chicken taco and he ate half and said he didn't like it. Overall the staff was nice that's why I gave it 2 stars but unfortunately my family and I agreed we'd never go back.
4	Went here one night after an evening of debauchery. My friend and were curious of this place. The way we rate Mexican food places, is based on their Carne Asada fries. Man, I was not disappointed. The meat was chopped into small thin bits(which was good), was very lean, and flavorful. But if they want to make it better. A little less guacamole, it overpowered the whole dish. Employees were very nice too. I defiantly recommend this place.
4	After leaving gym i absent mindedly missed the on-ramp to the freeway.  No problem, take Fort apache to next on ramp and get some lunch.  I drive by Baja Taco and see their signnage.  I decide to give them a try.I like the "made to order " concept and the clear explanation on how to order at the drive thru order board.  I went with a grilled chicken burrito with rice, cheese, cilantro and enchilada sauce.  Ordered the gf some grilled chicken nachos.  Total cost for both under $10 - very reasonable !The burrito tasted great ! decent sized ( they say the burritos are foot-long;  not sure if they are - my guess is, no ) liked the charring on the chicken chunks and just the right amount of cilantro.  slight ding for the enchilada sauce but overall, i liked the burrito.The nachos were above average.  A little too much bean vs. chicken and more cheese definitely needed.  Still, a decent dollp of guac and sour cream - next time ask for extra cheese.I'll defintely returnpics added
3	Got the two item combo plate. Picked two tamales as my choices. The tamales were almost all masa. The masa was good though. They were generous with the portion of beans, but stingy with the rice portion.I might need to try a few more items before coming to a final ruling on this place, but for now, Roberto's blows this place out of the water.
4	Come on mexican food by summerlin what do you expect lol this place is pretty good for that... i usually find myself in the ghetto looking for the place with roaches thats where you find the good stuff...this place is good for the location the girl behind the counter super sweet prices better than robertos.
4	Grabbed a giant foot long carne asada burrito to split with the wife and really glad we did. The meat was marinated and actually had flavor as opposed to most of the chain fast food Mexican joints. Good salsa and very friendly customer service.Definitely recommended.
3	What a nice new find! Hey it is a fast food type establishment but it tasted pretty good and it was on the "for real cheap". You can dine inside or they have a drive-thru. The menu board is easy to read. They have your basic options like tacos, burritos, quesadillas, nachos etc. I ordered the "Hard Taco Platter". It was supposed to be $3.99 but I only got charged $1.39! Score! I already thought the original price was cheap. This came with 2 tacos, beans and rice. For the tacos I ordered the ground beef and the shredded beef. The ground beef had no flavor. The shredded beef on the other hand was real tasty. The crunchy taco shells were good, but generic. The rice was okay and the beans were good. My hubby had the "Footlong Shredded Beef Burrito". This only costs $4.99 and adding anything else is $1. Again, the shredded beef was tasty. The burrito was double wrapped with 1 huge tortillas. For the price and taste you can't go wrong. The service was good. They have fresh sides of salsa free with purchase. Try it! Just don't expect authentic Mexican food.
3	I was going to do Roberto's again tonight but Yelpers seemed to like this place so I gave it a shot. I got the same thing I get at Roberto's, a tamale and shredded beef "Mucho Nachos." Yelpers were right again: the order is HUGE and inexpensive, and the shredded beef is really tasty. The tamale is...not awful. I mean, I'm still picking at it, but it's disappointing and I wouldn't recommend it. The masa is fluffy and I like mine denser. Plus the chicken is kinda dry and stringy. It was only $1.29 or something like that, but eh. Now the nachos are almost great. The container weighed a ton, and inside is a glorious, sloppy heap of nachos. Lots of guac and sour cream and fresh pico and plenty of flavorful shredded beef. BUT here's the thing: the chips don't hold up. I live about a mile away, and my first chip folded in half, soggy and chewy from the toppings. It would have been AWESOME if it were structurally sound, but this unfortunately had no crunch to it at all. I ate it with a fork and it tasted like a nacho casserole or something. I don't know what Baja Taco can do to fix this, but I would recommend ordering an extra thing of chips on the side so you have some crunchy ones.And, finally, this one thing happened... when I walked in the cashier was emptying the lobby trash can.  I said, "Take your time, I need to look at the menu anyway." Someone then pulled up to the drive thru so she had to come back to the register anyway. You know where I'm going with this, don't you? That's right, she didn't wash her hands. She turned to wrap a giant burrito for the drive thru order and I said, "You should wash your hands after..." and she immediately did, apologizing and assuring me she normally does. (You're welcome, Guy Who Ordered A Foot long Burrito!) I won't pretend to be TOO shocked, because I work in the service industry too and I've seen it all. NO ONE is washing their hands enough. I won't say this place is gross because of it, but if you order in, be cognizant.
4	Good food at a great price.  Way cheaper then Roberto's and no where near as greasy.  Only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is because both times I've been here, they messed up something on my order.  After telling them what was wrong it was replaced with ease,  but it's no fun watching people at your table eat while you wait for a new burrito to be made.  But like I said, good food, great prices, I'll def return.
4	I tried this place out after passing by a few times.  It is way better than Roberto's Taco Shop and the prices are reasonable.  I had the shredded beef enchiladas and they were great as were the rice and beans.  They are where the Popeye's used to be and I hope they have a better fate.  I will certainly be back.
1	Ok this is new to the area, this is where our Popeyes chicken used to be. This was the 2nd time that i tried this place. As i wanted to try something different from Robertos. The first time i tried the burrito, not bad but not the best i have had. However i thought i would give them another try. This time a family meal, the char chicken. Well needless to say with the one star i gave indicates the food was not good at all. So not good that i got sick and threw it all i mean all up. And all the night was sick. NEVER going here again. And then after reading another comment someone made that he saw a worker empty trash and not wash her hands, now have me really questioning the cleanliness of the restaraunt. I am so good and will be back to Robertos when i want my Mexican food fix, fast food style that is.I had to edit this review to add that even at 1:30 pm i am still feeling ill so i thought to at least call them to let them be aware that something that i ate from there made me sick. At first the worker (not manager as one was not there) was shocked and understanding. Asked me to hold on then came back to the phone and tell me that she is sorry but its impossible that i got sick from anything there because they make all their food fresh! REALLY????? All i could say is ok thanks and hangup, KNOWING if they are that stupid to think that, then that definitely not a place i would want to eat at ever again.STILL FEELING SICK THANKS!!!
1	I convinced my husband to try this place, as I am not a fan of Roberto's. Now, I'm not a fan of this place either. My husband thought the food was ok, but mentioned we won't be going back.I ordered the Carne Asada quesadilla; very greasy. Per the menu it came with guac, pico de gallo and sour cream. I asked for these items, on the side. I get to the window, get my receipt and they charged me $0.99 ea for the guac and sour cream. When I asked about it, she said she thought I wanted a side order of each of these items. When I explained what her menu said, she agreed to refund me the money.  I get home with my order and there is no sour cream or guac; so much for it "coming with it".
3	This place is A-OK due to the extreme value.  You can certainly find more delicious, more authentic Mexican food around the Vegas valley.  However, you may not be able to find flavorful, decent food that fills you up (twice) and doesn't get you sick for $4 to $5.I had a wet carne asada burrito.  It was good.  I only ate half.  Very filling.  I'm not sure we will go back...but if you are hungry and short on cash, this place will meet your needs.
4	I was picking up my car from an auto shop nearby when I noticed this new Mexican restaurant.  The chicken taco sign for $.79 drew me in and I was happy that I did.  All the items on the menu were cheap.  Their chicken taco had quite a lot of grilled chicken pieces in it and the pico de gallo topped it off nicely.  I also ordered their foot long burrito with char chicken for $4.99.  Although I am not an expert in Mexican cuisine, I thought this burrito tasted quite good and it really was a foot long.  This burrito actually feeds two with loads of rice and bean inside.  I will definitely come back and try their other cheap combo meals.
4	I was driving by on Ft Apache and the $.79 soft chicken taco sign caught my eye.  I am a taquito lover and got the 3 piece beef taquitos with guacamole.  That is what made this dish.  Very fresh and avocadoey!  I will come back and try other items.  Try it!
5	this place is my family's favorite ! they have great foot long burritos for $4.99. it is huge, packed full of whatever you want . that is the best price we can find for the quality. the soft chicken tacos are amazing. the serving size is definitely a great value . we never had a bad order . all are made fresh. we love it! beats Taco Bell anyday.
5	I never thought there'd be a place that rivals Roberto's Tacos.  This is the place!  A FOOT LONG Char Chicken Burrito for a STEAL!The place is where the old Popeyes Chicken was.  They painted and spruced it up.  I came here with a friend and our food was ready within minutes of ordering.  It was fresh, it was BIG, it was delicious and I felt like I got way more than my money's worth - which is important these days.There is a salsa bar off to the side as well.  This food is a great value.  I will be trying this place out again soon for sure!
4	Great food at a great value.  The Carne Asda tacos are so yummy!  I only gave it 4 stars because the ambiance is a little lack luster.  They need some pictures on the wall and some music playing.  It's a little awkward when there are only a few people eating and its super quite in there.
4	I think there food is cooked fresh and the prices are very very good.. Better than Roberto's to me !
3	One day I was craving some Popeye's mashed potatoes so I headed over to this spot and found out that good ol' Louisiana Popeye's had become Baja Taco.. Since then I have been back a couple times to pick up some quick fix meals and have sampled a little of everything I do like the convenience of the drive-thru, which always moves fast, and the pretty girl working at the window is always very friendly.. We have tried:*Carne Asada Nachos: My bf really did not like these*Chicken Tacos: They are a little too salty for my taste*4 Ft burrito: way too much refried bean..bleh*Chicken Quesadillas: These are very good! My mom makes me go pick her up one every now and then haha *Salsa: they only have red... no green!So I have come to the decision that I prefer Roberto's down the street for all my unhealthy Mexican fast food cravings.. but everyone's' taste buds are different!HOT TIP: Chicken tacos come wrapped in corn tortilla.. If you prefer flour it is a couple cents extra~
3	This is a great little place for simple burritos and tacos.  Not very expensive, and great taste for a bargain.I ordered the carne asada burrito, wet, smothered in sauce, with rice and beans.  Very big, and really good, but a little too much sauce.  I've tried their nachos too, and that's a bargain for about $6, loaded all the way, plenty of chips, cheese, cream and even guacamole, it must be a couple pounds when they finish putting everything on it.  Must try, great, inexpensive decent food.
4	Everything is GOOD. But, no hot sauce. This is not the place for Pace. It would be perfect Mexican food with a little Robertos hot sauce on it. Told the gal at the window that. She keeps her own hot sauce in her locker. Too funny.
5	Can't beat it! Ridiculously cheap.
5	This place is so awesome. They have taco bell prices (maybe even cheaper), but real quality, flavorful Mexican food. It could be from a restaurant and I wouldn't know the difference. You can get a taco plate with two tacos (soft), beans and rice for 2.99 and it tastes amazing. NOT like fast food at all. Last night I got a chile rellano and a tostada for $3. For the prices here and the food quality, I can't give it less than 5 stars. Boyfriend and I go several times a week. Anyone who doesn't like this place is nuts. Real Mexican food, amazing flavors and the prices are as low as it gets.
3	Definitely a great place to go for a quick, cheap, decent meal.  The only downside?? When I tried to order a corn quesadilla, the guy at the register told me they don't serve those. I then had to ask why it was on the menu. Fortunately, one of the other workers overheard and came over to help him.  Hello?! Maybe you should know your menu.  Otherwise, our overall experience was pleasant. The place is fairly clean for a fast food place and the food comes quick.
5	this is one of the best family restaurants in the Valley.well managed, clean restrooms, spotless dining area, well lite, and superb customer service. our family dine here at least once a week. last week,  i ordered a huge order through the Drive Thru: 6 soft chicken tacos, 3 foot long chik burritos, 2 wet burritos, taco salad, 1 carne asada with rice and beans, and 2 foot long beef burritos. i only waited for less than 10 mins from start to finish. the staff is very kind, prompt, friendly, and never gives me a hard time for redeeming the Mailer Coupons. they also give you REAL salsa with each order in one of those Ice Cream single serving styro cups - hot or mild! their catering is a fantastic deal. they pack it extremely well for transporting and the meats were just as tender, soft , juicy, with little bits of burnt crust from being on a real grill. my office staff loves it , our neighbors are addicted to their foot longs, and i am no longer a slave to the hot oven/stove during hot summer days for my 4 kids! thank you so much Baja Taco!
4	Inexpensive mexican food, this place is pretty solid! Tried the Carne Asada fries and the chicken and carne asada tacos all were really good, this place  is better than robertos!
5	This is the perfect answer to a drive-thru Roberto's !!!AND THEY DO COUPONS!!!! I think it's in Val-pak mailer package. Look for it. Prices are fair, food I love to death, and they are open late! See my pic of the hours!
5	Luv,luv,luv this place!!!! Food like this at a fast food place, ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!!!!!!! I'd rather eat here then any other Mexican place in Vegas, period. Great food, cheap, big portions, great service. Did I say DELISH? Yep!!!We live way up by Centennial, takes 15 to 20 minutes to get there. So worth the drive.Come to think of it, I think I'll head there right now.Try it!
4	We stopped because of the advertised low prices.  I was expecting some of those tiny tacos.  Well for $2.99 this place is amazing.  Two good sized, double tortilla soft ground beef tacos, beans and rice.  Got the tacos topped with the pico de gallo and that was a generous topping.  Also ordered the carne asada fries.  The fries are kind of a crusted fry like the former Burger King fries.  Not my favorite, but couldn't complain about the toppings which were plentiful.  The guacamole is mild, so if you are expecting a spicier version, be forewarned.  I want to go back to order the foot long burrito.  I saw one at another table while waiting for our order.  This will be great for a teenage son's appetite.  For the value, the food is exceptional.  The girl behind the counter was patient and very helpful.  Our order was takeout and she marked the contents on top of each box.  Nice touch.
3	This place is located right next to Fat Burger... I wanted some quick food on my way home. I love Fat Burger, but I wanted to try something new.... next time I'm in the area I'll probably just hit up Fat BurgerThis place is ok. No green sauce, first strike.The tacos are pretty good sized... Be careful when ordering, it seems super cheap, but by the time you add all the good stuff... it adds up. Although it was still under $10 for two tacos, rice and beans. There was a lot of food.. I The ingredients taste fresher than your normal Mexican drive thru, and the staff was friendly. I think the main thing holding me back, is no green sauce.
5	Wow. What a pleasant surprise.  Stopped by for what we thought would be a snack.  Turns out the portions were much larger than expected.  We had four tacos. The street type with onions and cilantro. Two chicken, one carnitas, and one carne asada. A side of beans.  The tacos were at least twice? the size of what we were expecting.  The salsas were delicious.  We will be back!  Been back two more times since I started the review. The food is wonderful. And surprisingly inexpensive.  Great meal for 4 for less than $25. Terrific value and delicious food!
3	I tried Carne assada, Carnitas, and chicken tacos yes I am a fatty. They were very good and they were decent size. Prices are very reasonable. They don't have those spicy carrots and no seafood option, my only complaint
5	This place has huge, yummy footlong  burritos for reasonable prices. Their salsa is the best I've had since moving to Vegas. The taquitos are made with ground beef which is unusual, but very tasty. The people that work there are very nice and generous with the salsa.  Enchiladas are great as well.
5	Really great place, food is authentic, drive thru a litlle slow, but what can you do.  Chicken tacos enchiladas and Chili relleano was excellent,  Been back 5 or 6 times.  And if you can find a coupon even better....would definately recommend this place for sure.
5	I love Baja Taco, it's so much better than Robertos any day. The drive through feature is so convenient. The prices are so fair because let's face it, Mexican food is cheap and pretty easy to make. The salsas are always fresh. The little gal, who is always at the drive through is very nice and I like her tiny smile. I have gone there many times and each time, it's great.
5	Back again. Really great food at ridiculously low prices. Today when our food was ready they forgot one of our taco plates. A few minutes when it was ready they also included another at no charge for their oversight.  I mean who does anything like that? It was just a few minutes extra I had to wait for my food which was no big deal. And then another plate at no charge. This is a great place.  Food is delicious. The salsas are excellent. Everything has that homemade taste. It's food served fast but not in anyway you would classify it as fast food, like the mainstream fast food Mexican places.  Delicious rice and beans. Excellent tacos and burritos. 5 stars for sure.
4	The price is right here. Quite affordable for good food. The service is also great. I had the shredded beef burrito which was tasty and tender. The tacos my husband had were also very good. Generous portions. The side of beans had great flavor. The chips though lacked flavor, but were not greasy. The salsa had great taste, not too biting hot.
5	A foot-long burrito!  Yum!!
4	Great tasting Mexican food on the cheap! Better- tasting than many of the sit-down Mexican restaurants in Las Vegas. It's a small little place with a dine-in or drive-through option. Many delicious items to choose from...my favorites are the steak and cheese quesadilla, cheese enchiladas, frijoles, and their awesome salsa!
3	I don't know if Roberto's with their Carne Asada  fries have my taste buds held hostage or what! I tried Baja Taco's version of  Carne Asada fries and I just thought they were overly greasy. I think it is because they use a thicker  fry which absorbs more grease then a skinny fry would. When ever I took a bite it felt like a mouth full of grease. The prices are wonderful and they also send out mailers with coupons so this is great if you are on a budget!
5	For the price this place deserves a five star. I really like creating my own custom burrito here for only 2 - 3.50. These burritos are pretty big, 1 is plenty for me.
5	if you got a big appetite and low dough, Baja Taco is the place to go.  sorry del taco i traded you in.
4	Yes!!!! The food is great and very reasonable.  I had the enchilada platter with beef.  It was really good.  And the service was also very good.  The one review was right-this is a pleasant surprise.
5	Very good food! I was actually very surprised . And I got much more than I bargained for. I got the shredded beef wet burrito and my boyfriend got the foot long chicken burrito and a side of fries. We were both very pleased . I tried his burrito, the chicken was very tasty and tender and the fries were really good to be only a dollar, plus we received plentiful They did have a small Mimi bar inside. Not as good as Roberto's but in MY opinion the food taste better than Roberto's and ITS CHEAP! I'm defiantly going back!
4	Good food, GREAT prices! My usual place is Robertos (like the most of us), but I thought I would give this place a try. It's cheaper than Robertos and they give a ton of food! Foot long burritos? I mean, c'mon! I got the char-chicken tacos and they were delicious. Also, the food here is less greasy and very fresh tasting. I would say the only downside would be how long the drive-thru wait is. So be prepared for a good 15 minute wait; and that's only if there's one car in front of you.
5	I've eaten here a lot! Their grilled chicken & carnitas tacos, burritos & family dinners are phenomenal & they don't skimp. The carnitas nachos are awesome & stay crispy, though they need to drain the carnitas a bit more as it's quite greasy. I wish they had a half order, however, as they are HUGE! The chile relleno is pretty good & the cheese enchilada is tasty but could use more sauce. The chicken quesadilla is fantastic too but gets pricey once you add sour cream & guac. Overall prices are cheap though. Their red mild or hot salsa is the best around! It's smooth w/a few tomato & onion chunks & fresh cilantro. I'm not much of a fan of the red or green sauce most places offer. The only thing I haven't liked is their taquitos or rolled tacos which are super cheap but are not your typical filling, it's some sort of flavored or sauced ground beef, almost chili like if I recall correctly. Service is good too! Drive thru is convenient!
4	Just tried for the first time and I will definitely be back.  Had a chicken burrito, smothered, and it was very good.  Real good flavor, good salsa, too from a salsa bar.  Prices were average.
1	I never got a chance to try the food, We came at 9:28 pm Sunday April 13, 2014, and the two staff were doing their best not to make eye contact. All the mats were hanging on the rails, and the young man was already putting away all the salsas. There were no other customers, other than a couple leaving and a gentleman standing by the register having a long leisurely conversation with the gal behind the counter. Neither staff acknowledged our presence. When the chat partner finally left, the gal leaves the counter and goes to the back while the young was still fiddling with the salsa containers. There was a long awkward silence until he finally, in resignation, (I guess we're just not getting the hint that they want us to leave) shuffled to the register and in a deflated manner, asked my husband if he could take his order. My husband asked for their combo, along with some fries and the gal yells from the back "were out of fries." That's when I had enough, and told him to cancel the order and that we'll be going somewhere else-that was the first sign of enthusiasm I got from him. He smiled as if he just won a grand prize. With a huge toothy smile, he kept saying "have a good evening" several times while we were walking out. Needless to say, I won't be trying their food EVER, no food is worth All That TROUBLE...:-(
5	Back again every week or so. The food is just delicious. everything has a home made taste. The prices are ridiculously cheap. You should give this place a try.
4	It was good. Prices definitely beat Roberto's but quality is decent. I enjoy Mexican food very much but this seemed very plain. I have yet to try their carne asada fries.
5	Okay so I made a review for this place back when they first opened, since then they have really gotten their shit together. I went in last night for a 3 item plate. I got a plain carne asada taco, chile relleno, and an enchilada. Everything was excellent except for the enchilada. It was like 3 small taco tortillas in one wrapped up to make it long but it didn't have enough meat in it. Does that make sense? Not enough meat/tortilla ratio.Anyways the taco was perfect! Can easily compare to the one's you'd find on the east side. The meat was very flavorful. The chile relleno was good too, the sauce has great flavor.My dislikes are simple peeves not enough to take any stars away.1. I went right before they closed so they ran out of lemon, I got 3 tiny pieces but I feel like that's my fault for going so late.2. The red sauce still doesn't do it for me. I prefer the home made salsa's and this one tastes like spicy pace :(That's it! Everything else has so much flavor, especially the rice! I'm sad it took nearly 2 years for me to go back, but I'm glad I did and I'm glad they've improved.
2	I noticed this place while driving between work locations around lunch time, thought I'd give it a try.I had the two item combo with a chile relleno and a tamale, it comes with beans and rice for $4.99, had a drink with it for $1.79.Let's start with the chile relleno, small for a relleno chile and with very little sauce on it for a chile relleno. It tasted alright, just not much of it. On to the tamale, I'm assuming it was chicken, since I saw a few threads of white meat in it,, sticking out of the masa. They might as well just serve masa, no more meat than there was in the tamale. Seriously, I saw no more than 6 threads of meat, maybe an inch long and the thickness dental floss, in the entire tamale. As I said, they might as well just serve masa.The beans average, the rice surprisingly good, I like the taste of the rice, it was good.The prices are cheap, but it's not very good. Maybe I should have ordered something else, I was so disappointed in the stick of masa, they called a tamale. If they had taken the few threads of chicken out, they could call it a vegetarian tamale and I would have known to order something else.I wasn't impressed. I might try it again and order something else, I'll edit the review if I do.
2	Just lost a regular customer raising the footling burrito to almost 8 bucks... Bummer
5	Food is good and inexpensive.
5	They've added more authentic meats and salsas since the last time I was here. This is a great bargain and extremely tasty! The avocado salsa is amazing. I'm getting a $7 Burrito to go so I can have breakfast, lunch, and dinner tomorrow.
1	This place used to be good. For some reason, the quality of their food has gone way down in the past couple weeks. Mykids and I loved their Carne Asada Fries, especially since their fries were super crispy. Now, it's nothing but Carne Asadas atop soggy fries....what a disappointment. Also, had the Char Chicken Enchiladas...bland. No good flavors; unlike when we first started going here few months ago.It's really sad that small businesses like this try hard to keep its doors open but can't understand that in order to do so, they have to keep the quality of their food up to par. Sorry to say, but we are not coming back unless they bring their food quality back up.
1	I wish I could give this place negative stars as it seriously needs to go out of business the way it treats people's orders and their management talks to customers like they're idiots.After waiting almost 20 minutes in the drive thru, i was served a custom combo burrito in a half way unwrapped piece of tin foil, falling out into the bag it was presented in.  I noticed that the drive-thru person was touching that lose food prior to putting it into my bag after touching a register to ring someone up behind me, touching the counter area, touching his face and head, then giving me the food.They initially refused to refund my order, and blamed me for the loose food in the bag.  I spoke with a female manager who didn't provide her name and again, tried to blame me on their error.  She eventually provided the refund but refused to provide a receipt to prove this. I guess it was against my better judgement to give this business a second chance, but I will not be returning, ever and advise you, if you value food safety, quality, and cleanliness to avoid this location like the plague.
1	This place is going downhill fast! It started out great last year with high quality food and cheap prices but as of 2014 the prices keep going up and the food quality keeps going down. The meat is cheap and after we eat we are literally sick now. My son threw up a few hours after eating the carne asada nachos. We used to love this place but we will not set foot in there again unless something seriously changes! The foot long burrito used to be $4.99 now it's it's $6.99 with bad meat!
1	The food is horrible!!! I ordered the carne asada nachos and it seemed as if they were microwaved, gross. The chips were not edible and tasted stale. My dad ordered the shredded beef wet burrito and said it sucked. Roberto's is far better and worth your money over this place any day.  Next time we will go to Roberto's!!!
3	Just went through the drive thru ordered a quesadilla, a burrito, and a drink. They gave us an extra burrito and forgot the drink so we had to go back through the drive thru. They took the burrito back which most likely they gave to the car behind us, gave us our drink but we figured out the burrito was the wrong burrito. We then went back through again and got the right one but were asking if we could get something complimentary like some sour cream and they had an attitude and said no. Then we told them that's not right and you could've gotten our order right the first time then they screamed and said get out of our drive thru!!! The food was really good hence the three stars but the service was horrific and will not be returning. Lookout for the pale faced girl with spider veins and a plank like figure she's the one that yelled at us and doesn't know what she's doing so check your food before you leave the drive thru.
4	It's one of my favorite Mexican spots to eat at!$3.99 foot long burrito is awesome. The taco platters are good too!They have authentic Mexican food, at a very good price!I've dined in, used the drive through, and ordered ahead. Each time my food is fresh and delicious!I recommend this place to any Mexican Food lover!
4	Hubby and I come here a lot. Our usuals are chicken custom burrito with rice, lettuce, fajita mix and pico for hubby and I get the vegetarian custom burrito with rice, lettuce, guacamole, fajita mix and pico or sometimes the vegetarian taco salad without the beans. Both custom burritos and taco salad are HUGE!We started going to this place because their food aren't cooked with lard *eek hopefully they don't change that.Sauce bar is well maintained.Staffs are cool but Amanda is our favorite :)Almost a five start but sometimes things aren't as consistent like, mild sauce tastes like its a 12 over 10 and the taco salad sometimes is only half the amount I normally get considering I ask them no beans. You get my point.
4	The foot long burrito. Omg. I have been wanting to come to this place for months! The drive thru wait was about 15 mins (assured me they were actually making my food and not just defrosting it), the hot salsa was actually really hot! Which I loved, and there was only one person in the drive thru ahead of me (which further explained the wait). It always looks empty when I drive by but that is no indication of the food, will definitely be back!
4	Probably the best quesadilla I've ever had.  I don't know what they season their chicken with but it was so good I could have eaten two!  Always look forward to my next visit.
2	I knew I was in trouble when I walked in this place.This is an upscale version of Taco Bell.I was coming back to my home, and thought it would be a nice gesture to buy a Mexican lunch for my landscaping crew. The food is very inexpensive; a taco plate with two chicken tacos, rice and beans for $2.99 and a plate with two chese enchiladas with rice and beans for $3.99.The food was prepared fresh, but it had a total Gringo Taste. The proof; my crew are all from Mexico. They were honest and said it was Taco Bell quality, but they were hungry, so it passed.I will not return to this place.
4	Baja Taco is my new go-to fast food Mexican place. It is like a cheap Roberto's with a drive through. I love their carne asada burritos with cheese and guacamole. I am picky about my guacamole, but they get it right. The service is slow some times, but I still think it's worth the wait.
2	My husband and I used to come here a lot since we found out about this place in summer of 2013 though we never really made effort to write a review until 07/2014 and now were back to revise that 4 star we left. Now were back with a two stars. Things have changed over the summer. Fajita mix was removed from the choices of fillers and prices went up as well. Now they have added the option to be able to tip the employees which we don't mind but there is a new employee  there,  an elder lady who talks with so much enthusiasm (trying too hard really) and right when you get to the window to sign your receipt with a dollar and some change she just gives you the look and changed the tone of her voice. Lady we can choose not to tip you know.We hardly come nowadays. *Sigh* what happened to this place.
1	Zero if I could came threw the drive threw 10/2/14 at 8:00 made it to the window at 8:20 then they asked me to pull to the front at wait, 8:22 rolls around an employee comes out and tells me they were out of one item so in 22 mins of waiting my food hasn't started, 8:25 finally my food comes out, TWO WHOLE FISH TACOs, it would be nice if they were fresh it tasted like they have been sitting for awhile, Bad Management practice at BAJA TACO
1	This place is gross. I waited in the drive thru for 10 minutes....... i'm guessing that was why my food was burnt. While sitting there I watched the 3 women inside touch their mouths & faces, handle cash, & touch their very long untied hair repeatedly.....then box up my food & hand it to me. Kinda gross. The carne asada fries were covered in sour cream & pico de gallo (a disgusting amount).... perhaps to cover the beef jerky like meat? The chicken quesadillas had BURNT CRUNCHY splinters of chicken(I say that because it resembled tree bark) thank goodness it was only a tiny amount of chicken or my husband may have choked. Sad......they used to have good food. Won't be returning.
1	The term "you get what you pay for" really applies to this place.  Perhaps, this place is even below that.  The ingredients are very poor quality and the food is bland, no flavor.  The chicken is horrible - it might be dark meat, but I'm not quite sure it's actually chicken.  I did not see them using the grill to prepare our food, so I think the ingredients just sit there until someone orders.  That would also explain why the food temperature was warm at best.  Stay away from Baja Taco.  You're better off at Taco Bell or Roberto's.
2	I agree with everyone else lately. This place is going down hill mainly because of the employees. The food was good (even though the price went up a little) I came in tonight at approx 6 pm (10/16/14) with a family member to place a small to go order for 3 people.  The place was completely empty, The horchata drink machine was empty, there was nothing to put cucumbers and the sliced onions/peppers in. I used a napkin. There were only 2 employees. 1 was definitely new and didn't know how to ring in a create your own carne asada burrito (I chose my 2 toppings and wanted to pay for 1 extra), I chose my fillers and she didn't know how to do that either.  She had to tell the customer in drive thru on the radio, twice that she'd be right with him (holding him up outside because she was inexperienced inside),  Your ice tea machine and 2 soda all had tape labled out of order.  She didn't know how to give back change and didn't count it back to us (which could've caused her to be short in her drawer)  It's ok to only have minimum staff on, but your minimum staff can't be new/inexperienced and left alone. Food was made correctly and was good (thankfully)  but it's important this company reads their yelp reviews. This business is going down hill quickly !!!!  I unfortunately agree because I too have noticed the change from when you opened last year vs now, It was MUCH better when you first opened.
1	First time here with my manager & we drove up into an empty drive thru, no one greeted on the speaker, and then we heard "Hey" and that was it. Waited 5 minutes, still nothing. She said "Hello?" Into the speaker and no one answered and we waited again for someone to respond. Still no one greeted us and then I leaned over and said, "Hello?" And finally they said, "Hi can you wait a minute?" No greeting, no manners. Drove up to the window to pay, no smile, didn't seem genuinely happy or at least give off a happy demeanor. We shall see if the food is just as tasteless as the people that work here.
1	I wish there was something below one star. So everyone knows this is the third owner since the place opened, after it was sold the first time there was no saving this dump. The food is horrible now and I waited In the drive thru for 15 min, and then the kid in the drive through who seemed very confused handed me our to go boxes and told me they were out of bags. Like what in the world is wrong with this owner. I will never return and I hope this place closes soon it's giving the reall Baja taco from California a bad name. Your food and staff sucks and seriously you can't just keep raising the prices. The place used to be great just like the ones in cali but now I wouldn't give it to my dog. Everyone beware this place is crap and overpriced crap at that, there's a chipotle and a pollo loco right down the street just drive past the dump that is Baja Taco Las Vegas!!!
4	I love this place. For the amount of money you would spend at any fast food joint, you get twice the amount of great Mexican food. Way better than Robertos or Paustos in my opinion. i haven't had one dish I didn't enjoy, and the portions are excellent. The prices have gone up a little, but still lower than anywhere else.I stop short of giving it five stars ever since they took all the good fixings away from the salsa bar (cilantro, onions, fresh jalapenos, etc). I also wish they would slap a poster or two on the wall, even if it was just a poster of their food. It's inside an old Popeyes, and it lacks ambience.Still, it's my go-to place for fast south of the border grub.
3	Look at your Yelp reviews, Baja Taco.  I used to pick up here once a week, and this has dwindled to I haven't been in 2 months.  I came for the excellent carne soft taco and chicken burrito- not the ambiance- but the modest but clean place has gotten progressively worse.  Also, the Hot Salsa that I loved is now always empty.  When I asked if the employee for it, she the mild salsa was hot salsa- like I can't smell.  After this happened three times I was out.
2	While this used to be one of my favorite mexican style eatery...fine dining taste @ fast food prices, it no longer well get my five star rating from me. Yes the food is fresh & delicious but it in no way justifies a 50% increase in price on nearly every item on the menu over night!!! WTF for these same prices I might as well go to a regular mexican restaurant & not a fast food joint & get charged the same!I would only recommend eating here if you want to pay fine dining prices from a fast food joint!
2	Owners have really let this place go.. They're always out of everything. Rude staff that don't care if they're annoying their customers. And the constant haze of weed smoke outside is enough for me to retract my original review. So sad cause when they actually have what you want it's delicious.
2	They have a new owner and the prices have gone up. I can go to El Pollo Loco and the chicken taco al carbon is less expensive.
1	I decided to walk in versus using the drive thru to insure my order wasn't screwed up.  Upon entering, I was greeted in some foreign language I don't understand and was called out by the lady at the counter for not speaking in her native tongue.  Surely not a warm greeting to this 1st time customer.  I tried to order several items on the menu, but was limited on my selections as they were out of chicken & ground beef.  I ordered 2 shredded beef enchiladas with verde (green) sauce, 1 bean & cheese burrito and 2 carne asada tacos.  The lady told me they didn't have verde sauce so I went ahead with the red.  After ordering, she questioned me again about why I didn't speak Spanish and asked if it bothered me that I didn't.  After waiting a few short minutes, they had my food boxed up and bagged ready to go.When I got home, I was not at all shocked to see they fucked up on 2 of the 3 items ordered.  The bean & cheese burrito was rice and hardly any cheese and the shredded beef enchiladas were just cheese with no shredded beef...again, hardly any cheese.  Pretty much rolled tortillas drowning in red sauce.  The carne asada meat was half inedible gristle which I gave to my dogs.  ALL the food was cold...I live less than 3 minutes from this joint.I should've bolted when the lady at the counter started to comment to her coworker that I didn't speak Spanish.  Also, there were no other customers...another red flag.  Well, she can't use the excuse of the language barrier as the reason they screwed up as I was charged for what I ordered on my receipt.My gut to avoid this place for the last few years was spot on.  Now unfortunately, my gut is gurgling pretty loud.  Skip this place where incompetence runs rampant.  Roberto's is right down the road a few blocks away.
2	When Baja Taco first opened their food quality was excellent and their prices were great!!  In the past year however, their prices have practically doubled, food quality has fallen and they are clearly trying to save money on portion sizes, from salsa serving sizes to the amount of cheese and tomatoes they put on tacos.  The chicken they serve used to be primarily white meat and now it is a greasy mix of primarily dark with some white  -- it's a huge disappointment!!
