5	I was very sad to see Iruna go, but was very excited to learn about Aaron's new concept.  I went there last Saturday and it didn't disappoint!  I had the Burrata salad and it was amazing!  The pesto vinaigrette was delicious.   I can't wait to go back again and try other dishes.....quite a menu and beer list!
5	A friend and I stopped in last night for nightcap. The owners did a great job and the place looks awesome. It now has a real "homey" neighborhood feel. Almost like a Cheers.  In fact we ran into some friends there too. We looked at the menu and will be returning this week definately for dinner
3	Food was good but come on, I don't care if it is Old Town Scottsdale. Do you really need to jack up the prices so much?  $8 for a corn dog, $9 for a small wedge salad?  Beer selection was impressive for old town Scottsdale and some prices were ok but then some were totally out of whack, $24 for Gulden Draak, that same beer is at least $12 cheaper a mile down the road.
2	I have the exact same complaint as Marsella M. below me. I was also invited to what I thought was "complimentary" food and appetizers. I saw nothing of the sort. Nope, a server told me there was a $25 VIP fee for a fixed menu that you could order off of. Myself and 2 friends were starving. We decided to stay and just order some food and drinks, at least give it a try. After about 40 minutes of waiting, our server informed us that the order couldn't even be put in until 8PM (20 min. later), which is when the full menu would open up to the non-VIP people. We lamented for a bit and contemplated going to Ra Sushi instead. But our server was clearly making a good effort to keep us there by giving us a round of free drinks and a free appetizer, so we stayed. While the drinks were good, the appetizer was boring and cold. It was little tiny grilled cheeses with a slice of tomato on top. They were a little stale actually and the sauce on the tomatoes was unpleasant. I was the only one who ate them, but mostly because I was so incredibly hungry I couldn't help myself! I order their grilled chicken salad which was $10. The price was good, but the salad was filled with mostly iceberg lettuce. I freaking HATE iceberg lettuce. It's like the garbage of lettuce. I picked around it and basically ate all the other ingredients. It wasn't bad necessarily, just overall not an impressive salad whatsoever. Furthermore, their appetizer/snack selection was so bizarre. Nothing but their $9 french fries sounded good, which is way too expensive. I don't want fried pig ear, brussel sprouts, fried cauliflower or whatever other wannabe-eclectic shit you're offering. It's totally fine to put unusual things on the menu, but every single snack item sounded horribly unappetizing. Lastly, there were like a bazillion flies outside. Quote: "I have to squint so I don't get flies in my eyes."The entire event was honestly a waste of my time. I really doubt I'll be going back to try anything, not with sushi right next door. I do thank our server lookalike Anne Hathaway for the effort though.Oh, and whoever designed your menu needs to find a damned high-res version of your logo. Shit was REAL grainy.
4	I stopped in yesterday around 5 PM for happy hour.  I like the new decor and that they moved the bar back into the center of the room.  The appetizers were half-off and I tried the shrimp and grits.  They were delicious.  Spicy seasoning, creamy grits and a good sized portion.They also have a great selection of unique beers.  I saw a trappist monk offering on the menu for $26.  I settled for a 90 Schilling amber and it worked perfectly with my appetizer.I came back over around 8 PM for the big grand opening party and they were slammed.  I waited at the bar for about ten minutes trying to get a drink but to no avail.On my way out I did get a chance to see Marsella.  That's always a nice treat!
3	This was a nice stop in a good location of Old Town Scottsdale very convenient to the farmers market. We decided to start with the grilled cheese salad to share. The salad had a grilled cheese sandwich cut up in small cubes all over it. Some of the cubes were, soft ,  some were crunchy , and some were burnt . The salad was fresh but not very flavorful despite the very nice pickled onions in it. Overall the salad was OK and big and good as an entree or large enough to share.We also decided to share the house made pastrami sandwich on locally made rye bread because it sounded good . The  style of the pastrami was more smoked and had a harder dryer texture than the warmed spicy melt in your mouth type style that I was sort of was expecting . I'm not saying it was bad but just not what I was expecting . But I do have to say they should warn you that they put YELLOW mustard on this sandwich . Yellow mustard is NOT traditionally ever on a pastrami sandwich and for me the yellow mustard really doesn't cut it . I suggest if you order this sandwich ask for the mustard on the side and see what you think . The rye bread however was much better than most rye bread most places serve . The fries that came with the sandwich were maybe the most perfect fries I remember ever trying , they were FIVE STAR FRIES! Hot and fresh with skins, seasoned lightly but perfect, a light perfect crispness, but soft fluffy not a trace of grease .I found the employees very welcoming and cordial ,  They are very new and are maybe just still working things out . I'll give them another try sometime .
5	Yum!  The toasted barley app is delicious. My boyfriend and I shared the eggplant sandwich and the monk burger. Both of the sandwiches were outstanding. The service was great too. We will definitely go back.
2	I was really looking forward to the opening and then was really disappointed even after giving it a couple tries. The good thing is the beer list is one of the better ones in Arizona for the place (beer list at Papago is good but not my scene), that's the one good thing. First try:  I got the kale salad with chicken. The kale was gritty (like it wasn't washed gritty) and not softened (I know its tough but usually you soften it for salad).  Felt like it was just taken out of the bag and put on a plate with some chicken out of the fridge (yah, chicken was cold). I mentioned something to the bartender who then tried to explain how kale worked to me and felt just really condescending/restaurant egoy (not a word but getting a point across). The good about  the food that day was the pretzel was good but that's hard to screw up. The second time, went back for lunch.  Asked for a sporting event to be turned on and the bartender turned the channel, but then for her friends when the basketball game came on she turned it for them. Was a bit strange since she did it without asking.  Service was spotty and we had one drink and left.  I don't think I'll be returning, between the service and the so-so food, I wasn't as impressed as I really wanted to be.
4	My girlfriend heard about this place and the both of us are always looking for some good beers on tap, so we decided to stop in one day after work and before a flight to California. It's nicely located in Old Town, not too far off Scottsdale Rd, situated in a mix of different bars and restaurants. I found the decor inviting, with deep woods and a nice open atmosphere. Firstly, the beer list did not disappoint. This was the main reason we went and while it had some of the classics we really like, the bartender was very helpful in recommending some additional items that he felt we'd enjoy. The beers we sampled were really great and we were grateful for the time he spent in speaking with us. As for the food, we just got some apps as it was too early for dinner, but what we had was quite good. We ordered the Pig Ear dish, which was strands of pig's ears, fried and tossed in buffalo hot sauce. May not be for everyone, but the taste was quite good. It was a cross between a really chewy piece of calamari and the flavor of a wing. We also ordered the buratto, which was a nice compliment to the other dish. I'm looking forward to going back, exploring some other hard to find beers and dive deeper into the menu.
1	Was really hoping to like this place.  Ended up having my worst dining experience I have had in Scottsdale.  Food was decent, flavor was good.   Portions on the small side.  I have only posted positive reviews, too bad that this place gets my first bad review.Service was terrible.  After buying a online deal (first time I have ever done that...and probably last), the servers and general manager were confused on how to handle.  That happens with new place, that is fine.  The GM there is the most disrespectful person I have encountered in my life.  He was belligerent to my wife and was rude to me.The owner/chef came out and simply said, 'all I know is how to pour beer and wine'.  He seemed nice overall, but should have stepped in more.Really shocked at how bad this place was for what I was hoping was a good place in Old Town.
4	Had a wonderful lunch here. It is obvious that all the ingredients here are top shelf. The menu is creative and was very well thought out. Great atmosphere too! This is worth a visit!
4	I went to Praying Monk on Saturday night with my wife. I love the look of this place and it has a great atmosphere. The staff was very friendly and nice.  They did a great job making you feel welcome. I am a Belgium beer fan so I was very happy too see their great selection on tap.  I had a St Bernardus ABT12 and my wife had the Triple Karmilet (our two favorites).Now on to the food.We had the Brussels sprouts and the soft pretzel to start. The brussels were light and fresh (not heavy and oily like most places) and the pretzel was very tasty. It was served with some sort of mustard butter that was awesome.For dinner I ordered the Burger. The burger was great. It was flavorful and juicy. The Sriracha Aioli had the right amount of heat to kick this burger up a notch and the arugula... arugula always has a place on my burgers!My wife ordered the Kale salad. The Kale was extremely fresh and crunchy. I would want it chopped into smaller pieces but my wife loved it.  The dressing was great and they didn't over dress it. Next time I go I will have to try the Lump crab.
4	Fantastic!!!! Came for a beer/dinner pairing special menu and was blown away by the food quality, originality and general friendly staff and service. The chef really took the time to create a wonderful menu that works perfectly with the different craft brews! Can not wait to come back!
5	Went there last night with a group of 32, for a special family celebration. I heard through Facebook of the excellent food and great selection of beers, gotta tell you we were not disappointed the food was soooo good that several members of our party requested to meet the chef, our waiter went to the kitchen and soon we were speaking with chef Diego, what a true professional who took the time to explain the dishes and their origins. A great experience and I look forward to returning.
5	Why isn't this place packed? The food is awesome, the service outstanding and it has a great vibe. I have been twice for dinner and three times for lunch. Last night we took the family. Everyone loved what they ordered. I hope it catches on, I want this place around!
4	Great addition to Old Town Scottsdale!  The vibe is laid back and quite cool...surprised the clientele was as old as it was though - must have been tourists!  The Praying Monk pale ale for $3 during happy hour was a steal!  I thoroughly enjoyed my chicken noodle soup and scallops with sunchokes and pesto - just the right portion and very yummy!  The bartender was extremely friendly and helpful too!
4	I am a bit torn on this review.Dined here on Tuesday to kick-off some 4th of July Eve festivities, others in the group picked the joint off Yelp and I was along for the ride.  I went in with no expectations and I can't decide if I was pleasantly surprised or not.The decor sets a nice tone for the restaurant, I liked the look of the curved monster booths and the wood beams/walls.  They promptly seated our party of 5 turned into 7 into 9 and did good job keeping everything flowing evenly through the extended dinner/drinks setup.  While I'm not quite sure how the name fits into what they've got goin on, except its a local nod (and I've been wondering about it since), I did notice they had an extensive beer list that could rival a Yard House for variety.  Beer not being my thing, I was happy with my other options as well, and the sever was on point with refills all night.  In fact, were I to come here again it would be for a more leisurely HH type of activity in the bar area since I liked the location and feel of the place.As far as food went, the menu online is a bit different than what they actually had in-house but you can not go wrong with the Crispy Potatoes app/snack.  It is a good sized dish to share, the truffle butter gives a unique kick, but don't expect chips or fries... these are actually diced up potatoes.  Not a finger food.  I was starving and pushed for appetizers even before drinks while waiting on our party, and the staff did a great job getting them out ASAP.  My main dish was the Lobster Tagliatelle, clocking in at $24 big ones (America's Birthday peopleeee) it was the most expensive dish on the menu... and it delivered.  It was a bit spicy in a good way and it wasn't shredded lobster or canned chunks... it was still attached to shell bits; my entire half of the table was envious.  Based off the potatoes and dish alone, this would be 5 stars.However... besides those items nothing really grabbed me on the menu.  I don't see other things I'm that excited to try, and judging by my dinner companions not so enthusiastic reactions... I had the best dish already.  That doesn't really inspire me to go try out more things, and $24 a pop is a bit pricey to keep ordering one thing,  no matter how good.  They also had a timing problem on the main dishes, which was really surprising since everything else had been so smooth.  My steaming pasta came out first with one other dish... and then sat in front of me for almost 5 minutes congealing while I waited for all the other dishes to come out for the table.  It still ended up tasting great and didn't get to that luke warm state, but that was potential for disaster right there that stuck with me.  That being said, they are a new restaurant so it's natural to have kinks to work out, and judging by the fact that the menu in-house was different from online; they might still be experimenting there as well.  This could just as easily turn into a 5 star place as it could go down to 3.  Props being a new local business... that and the benefit of the doubt gets it to 4 stars for now.  If I end up back here I'll update which way it went.
3	Praying Monk is the new kid on the block and the latest venture by Aaron May who gutted his previous restaurant Iruna to make way for this new concept. And by all accounts, it was a great move. The inside has been redone and not only is it lighter and have more ambiance, the place is one you actually WANT to hang out in. Not only that, but the food was goodIt was suggested that we try the Burrata with Walnut Pesto and Oven Dried Tomato and we are glad we did. The Burrata, at first glance resembles nothing more than a ball of cow's milk mozzarella with a topknot. But inside there is a creamy, soft, lava-like center that, once the cheese has been cut open, slowly and irresistibly oozes out onto the plate onto the pesto and dried tomato. The result is quite delicious!Check out or full review here...http://schmoozeaz.com/blog/?p=727
5	I. Love. This. Place. We stopped by last Saturday night without knowing much about it, and we were not disappointed. The staff was friendly (albeit just a little slow), the atmosphere was simple and warm, and the music selection was killer. The beer list is extensive and interesting, with a wide variety that pleased everyone in my 7 person party. We didn't do a whole lot of eating, but what we did have was phenomenal. The fish and chips were flavorful, light, and perfectly battered. The cuban was one of the best I've had, and the chicken and beet salad was delicious. Overall, I'm glad to see a new place in Old Town that has some character and some great food. I'll definitely be back. Frequently.
3	Went here for dinner last night armed with another 50% off coupon from Local Dines ( http://bit.ly/dfR4eQ ) .  It wasn't that busy so that was nice which is why I really love Scottsdale in the summer.  Anyway, yeah, the other reviews on here are spot on when it comes to the atmosphere.  The place is relaxed and not too pretentious.  I love the decor as well.  I will call it "minimalistic urban chic".Our waitress was helpful, friendly, and fast.  She reminded me of a skinny Kim Kardashian only this girl had a productive job and doesn't make me hate the world.The Rundown:* Beer Sampler = Total ripoff at $6.  Most places will give you 2 sips worth of a few different beers for free.* Bavarian Pretzel = Awesome.  The cream cheese and mustard spread stuff was unique and a nice touch.* Crispy Potatoes = HOLY SH*T!  They were like sweet, delicate, little baby tears sent down from heaven to massage my taste buds.  No, but really, they were pretty damn good.  I guess you can fry and put truffle aioli on anything and it will be good but it doesn't matter.  These were rich and delicious.  My only notes are that the chef should mix in some of the shaved parmesan and bake it that way so all the cheese isn't only on the top potatoes.* Wedge Salad = Just ok and nothing special plus I don't like how they put the bacon and onions in little piles off to the side.* Simple Roasted Chicken = Just ok as well.  The portion is rather large but the chicken itself is overly sauced and under flavored.  Needed salt.* Kentucky Fried Quail = Not very good.  Way too "fried" and that was all you could really taste.  I guess it wouldn't be that bad if it were better seasoned.  Needed salt as well.  The potato salad was pretty good though as it was refreshing and not overly mayo-e. Not sure I will be back but if I am I will definitely pick up the half-off certificate from Local Dines ( http://bit.ly/dfR4eQ ).
2	This place gets a big MEH! from me. I was attracted to the extensive beer list and then saw a local dines deal for it, so my husband and I decided to try it. I love Blanche beer in Europe and saw that they had it on the menu here, it was pretty bland. We started with an order of the crab dip, in the description it stated it had bacon and corn in it. It tasted like crab salad, basically crab and mayonnaise and was served with triscuits, we did not taste or see any bacon or corn in it, it was a small serving too, definitely not worth the $9. We also ordered the eggplant sandwich and crispy potatoes. The eggplant sandwich was okay, the goat cheese and pickled onions had good flavor, but you couldn't really tell there was eggplant on it, the bread was nothing great either, basic supermarket french bread. The crispy potatoes had good flavor, but they were drowning in oil, super greasy and our stomachs didn't appreciate it after eating these. The best part of the meal were the complimentary cheese biscuits, those were pretty good. The service was also good, but the food just didn't hold up. I would not return here again.
4	Heavy on wood - both reclaimed and polished - constituting everything from the floors to the tables to the open rafters of the ceiling I was greeted quickly upon seating by a young man named Spencer who, along with a female bartender, were apparently the only persons working front of the house that afternoon and with the menu presented I spent a few minutes perusing as Pearl Jam played over head and with my decisions largely made before I even entered the door I had a full glass of water and my order placed by the time the song ended and progressed to Radiohead; to say the least I agreed with Praying Monk's recent nomination for best restaurant soundtrack.With the table next to me settling the check as I read and listened to the soundtrack move to Zeppelin, Stones, and Nirvana it would not be long before Spencer would return with my appetizer selections,  one hot and one cold, the first a $5 quintet of "hush puppies with tenderbelly ham and tupelo honey."  Crisp on the exterior and toothsome within featuring great cornbread flavor and a touch of brine from the ham each hushpuppy was surprisingly light and low on grease while the honey was delivered thin, warm, and in excessive portion on the side.  Great snack/bar food with a happy hour price of a mere $2.50 it would be hard for me not to order these on a return visit given my affinity for both cornbread and honey - ham included or not - but for Southern/Soul food purists it may be better to look elsewhere as the ham is definitely notable on the palate.For the cold appetizer the $16 "F This" PB&J Foie Gras Torchon was one part of my original reason for visiting Praying Monk in the first place and served in a small sealed jar with a layer of whipped and compressed liver at the base topped by blackberry jam and house made peanut butter mousse I'd be hard pressed to name a better torchon or terrine under $20 outside of Paris.  Arriving as a 2oz portion of each layer alongside a small stack of toasted baguettes each aspect of the composition was nicely flavored and with the sapor of the foie balanced nicely by the unsweetened berries the peanut butter added a bit of salt and a light toasted flavor that lingered on the palate.  Having had far less successful attempts at Foie Gras with PB&J at notably more expensive restaurants I'd consider this a must order.With the waiter, the bartender, a chef or two, and myself now being entertained by The Red Hot Chili Peppers my main course of "Kentucky Fried Quail" would arrive as I was slowly enjoying the foie gras and with the small bird surprisingly plump I again set aside the liver and moved onto the hot dish before me; the first bite a crackling of deep fried skin and lightly herbed breading that would set the tone for everything on the well composed plate. With small bones still present but easily navigable the quail itself was not-surprisingly lean with just enough fat to keep it juicy and with a the bird's slight gamey flavor well met by the breading even more levity and balance was found in the accoutrements - a mild lightly dressed slaw of Brussels sprots and "Red, White, and Bleu" potato salad featuring tender redskin potatoes, a touch of mayo, and punchy bleu cheese...unnecessarily upscale comfort food perhaps, but damned good as well.With the hour now nearing three Spencer returned to ask if I wanted to see the dessert menu and with my mantra that it never hurts to look I said sure and received a short list of four choices, all of which sounded okay but none which sounded great, and as such I deferred to my server's opinion and he recommended the "Fourplay" based on his own personal preference for cheesecake, a good recommendation though certainly not on par with the savories.  Described on the menu as "Flourless chocolate cake, New York Cheesecake, Chocolate Cream, Milk Chocolate Parfait, and a Chocolate Fan" and mere minutes after ordering it was clear from the start that this was a pre-prepared dessert and while each texture was nice enough the cake itself was a tad spongy thus relying on the 'fan' to add a bit of crunch-rich but not heavy, cold but not frozen, the flavor itself was not all that different from a Hostess Ho-Ho...not a 'bad' thing, but at $7 perhaps the only overpriced item I ordered and an area where the Praying Monk could definitely stand to improve.With the check settled-a veritable steal considering the gift certificate-and an ample tip added for the 1 to 1 service I sat for a few moments reading and listening to Beast of Burden before making my way to the door where the Scottsdale Sun had basted my car to a pleasant 121 degrees.  A long day of dining behind me and dinner yet to go I hope Praying Monk is turning better business on other days of the week-my guess is that it'd be an awesome place to watch some College Football in the coming months, particularly given the quality of the food (and beer list if you're into that.)
3	We were in the other night for a girls dinner for a friends birthday. They are one of the last places in Old Town that take reservations, thank goodness!None of us had been here before so we thought it would be a great place for a birthday dinner. The look of the place is great! Nice big bar with plenty of seats and cocktail tables, and separate from the dining area. The acoustics are a bit rough though, very loud once the place is full. The service was OK. I know that they were busy, I mean geezus, did we miss the memo for batchlorette party night. We literally saw three different parties come in to eat there that night. It was pretty funny. The server even said that wasn't abnormal, weird! Just a few notes: please clear that table of discarded plates as soon as you can, a messy cluttered table is no good, and please check back with the table after getting the order and dropping plates. We always needed something and no sign of our server. The food was great! We had the brussel sprouts and pretzel with this awesome creamcheese/butter/grainie mustard spread to start. So good and perfect for sharing with a group. Then since we were all in our tight dresses and high heels we didn't want to fill up too much so we split a few chicken sandwiches and one got the fillet. All were great. The sandwich had this yummy spicy aoli on it, so good! The fillet wasn't a traditional dish, came with some barley concoction underneath, she said it was awesome. They were even so kind as to bring out a little something sweet for the birthday girl complete with a a candel to make a wish. I am a bit old fashioned when it comes to service, so I was a bit displeased with the service as everyone else in my party had a blast. All in all I will be back, but probably just in the bar. They are a great addition to the Scottsdale scene, chill, good beer, great food, and great bartenders!
3	Having never been here before, but being a big Aaron May fan, we went for brunch on a Sunday with a group of friends. Things I loved about it: the space, the service was good and the Monk Mimosa was super refreshing. Things I didn't love so much: how empty it was (if you're looking for a cool brunch spot, this isn't it on a Sunday) and the food was 'meh.' I may never go back here for brunch but seems like it might be a good place for happy hour.
5	Went here for the first time and was completely satisfied with everything. Had the calamari and a chicken sandwich. Calamari was excellent chicken was juicy. The beer selection was great. The only downside was the beer prices. I highly recommend this place.
1	My family and I went to brunch there on Sunday late morning. The place was pretty empty except for the bar that was full. Nice enough place. Been here for late night but never for Brunch. Well the food took almost 40 minutes to come out. The bacon was mooing. It was disgusting. I almost had to tackle the waiter to get his attention. Very very expensive for a I don't really care attitude by all who work there.
4	For those of you that truly value a wide selection of beer in a very cool setting with good food then the Praying Monk is a must visit. Jamel the bartender knows his beer.  A must visit for anyone who appreciates good beer.
5	It is a great neighborhood place..I eat there about three times a week..the bartender , Cassie, is fabulous...she is always friendly and rememebers all the customers names and their drinks..she knows the menu well...the food is awesome...I truly recommend this place for a quick bite or dinner or just to hang
3	The bar is awesome. Relaxed atmosphere, laid back, friendly crowd and bartender. The music set a cool down-tempo sort of vibe, and they have an EXCELLENT beer selection (though it's quite pricey).The only real complaint I have was the food. As a vegetarian, the only real option I had for dinner was an eggplant sandwich.... or a salad. Neither of those two things appeal to me as a dinner-time meal. When I asked for the waiter if I could be accommodated with anything else, I got a sort of "tough luck" response. Since I chose to eat at this place after reading about their renowned chef in the Phx New Times, I kind of expected that they could've at least whipped something up for me in the kitchen. I ended up with the sandwich, which was nothing great but not bad.I'd come back again for the bar and the atmosphere... probably not the food though.
5	This establishment should be at the top of your list!  Totally mellow lounge which is refreshing in the fast paced old town.   Food is absolutely incredible.  Quinn and Aaron have only one motive.... Make the customer happy.   I highly recommend you check it out for yourself whether its for a quick drink, dinner, date or nightlife.  You won't be disappointed!
4	Had an excellent experience upon returning here for a second time, so I updated my previous review from 3 to 4 stars.This time around, when I ordered my meal, I told the server that I was vegetarian and  asked if he thought the chef would be able to cook me something other than the eggplant sandwich (the only vegetarian meal on the menu).The server had the chef come out of the kitchen and personally take my order. He offered a few standard options, and then said, "or you can just let me whip you something up creative". I went with the latter.When my meal arrived, it was a big bowl of masterfully cooked veggies (I posted a photo). I don't even know what to call it, but it was darn good!Only problem on my return visit was that my meal arrived a solid 5-10 minutes before  my mother's did. Luckily we weren't in any sort of rush.
5	I have been to Praying Monk many times and keep forgetting to write a review....so, I figured I better get to it and write one!On my first visit we sat at the bar and took a look at both the extensive beer menu and nice food menu. I kinda got lost looking at the beer menu as I'm not a huge beer fan but wanted to give something a try so I asked for a recommendation from the bartender. He asked a few essential questions on what I like and he ended up pouring me a Crispin over ice. I'm now in love with this beer!!!! It is so light and refreshing and they have it on tap! Even better in my book! While they have a large selection of beers on tap (that change all the time) they have many more to choose from in bottles.So, as I was sipping on my beer I took a look at the menu. I liked how the menu was very easy to read (as some are so large and you get lost in reading them). There was some appetizers (all are good for sharing or small plates if you want to order a few for dinner for yourself). They had some salads, sandwiches (burger, chicken breast, etc) sides to share and then entrees. On this visit we decided on the calamari and chicken breast sandwich. I loved the calamari! One of the best I've had. While I didn't eat the chicken sandwich I did have a bite and it was so juicy and tender.On our next trip I again had the Crispin and decided to try a few other things on the menu...I had the Brussels sprouts (delicious) and the mac & cheese. As everyone who knows me knows I will try everyone's mac & cheese to see how it stacks up to other restaurants....well....this is one of the best I've ever had (and I've had a ton). It's so creamy and the perfect mixture of cheese sauce and noodles. The Brussels spouts were also very, very good. I do notice that people either love or hate Brussels sprouts...if you are one who loves them you do need to give these a try!On future visits I've had the wedge salad and chicken salad, both were very good and will certainly get again. I also had the Crispy Parmesan Potatoes and they are to die for!!! We had a friends birthday party there and they did a great job accommodating everyone and our orders. Everyone seemed to really enjoy everything they had and said they will certainly be back.The desserts are very good too...if you like chocolate they have a chocolate mousse, cheesecake thing that is so rich so it's certainly worth sharing with other people.  Now, the Captain Crunch dessert with fruit sauce....I loved that so much you had to fight me for a bite! Every time I've gone in the bartenders remember my drink, food order (or what I really liked from last time) and always are so warm and welcoming along with great service.If you are in Old Town and looking for a chill spot with great beers, plates for sharing (or not) you need to make Praying Monk on your to do list of places to visit and eat and drink!Enjoy!!!
5	I absolutely LOVE this place for Sunday morning brunch! The atmosphere is casual, comfortable, and perfect for watching Sunday morning football without the annoying sports bar scene. My boyfriend and I try to go almost every Sunday morning to enjoy their fantastic breakfast options and great beer list. We always order the eggs benny and blueberry pancakes and needless to say, we devour them. The drinks are always well made and the staff is friendly, happy, and seem to just enjoy chatting with you. I highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a comfy place to eat great food, drink delicious cocktails, and watch a good game.
4	My husband went here the other night and sat at the bar.  The bar staff was super attentive.  I love when they are generous with samples and allow you to try stuff before taking a leap.  We had good intentions of having a full meal here but after two hearty appies we went for salads.  We had the pig ears and the calamari.  The pigs ears were really interesting and I'm glad we tried them.  I preferred the really crispy ones over the limp ones.  They came with an amazing hot/sweet tomato sauce for dipping.  My only complaint was that they are a little greasy but they taste of pure pork.  The calamari was excellent.  I hate the breaded deep fried stuff and these were sauteed and tender.  I had the cobb salad and my hubs had the kale with salmon on top.  Both were very good and filling.  I would go back again to try the burger and several other things on the menu.
4	After one visit here, I was a huge fan of this new Aaron May installation that puts an eccentric twist on pub fare.  Not to mention, I had one of the most incredible burgers here.With no craft cocktail list to be found here, I looked to the list of drafts and beers by the bottle, which really impressed with the first draft selection a King Ludwig White Beer from Bavaria.  The diverse list includes outstanding selections such as Trappist Belgians, Lambics, Ales from coast to coast, and many outstanding German beers.  One can order a flight of four different beers ranging from $5-$8, so this is also a terrific location to reignite the flames of beer passion.But the food!!!!!  We started with the lump crab corn and bacon dip, which was a unique spin on the crab artichoke dip, but lacked a pinch of flavor to make it memorable.  However, the crispy potatoes tossed with truffle aoli, shaved parmesan, and chives had our tastebuds singing.  The truffle aoli makes it worth the $9 price.  The crispy pig ear came next, and although the flavors of lime and sea salt mixed with chili gave it a wonderful savor, the texture of the cartilagenous ears did not bring us past the first nibble.  Lobster tacos came next, which would have been incredible had the lobster not been delivered tempura style on the taco.  With cabbage, pico, and creme fraiche it was a very simple dish - but for $14 could have been more spectacular.  But the brussel sprouts with lemon and thyme more than made up for the lobster tacos.  Gorgeously seasoned, beautifully cooked, we were in love!  So ultimately the coup de gras of this visit was the Praying Monk burger.  What a phenomenal burger, using beef that is world renowned for its quality , an onion bun from local Karsh bakery, and cooked to perfection.  With a sriracha mayo that gave it a unique flavor kick, finished with caramelized onion and topped with melted Vermont cheddar, it was one of the most delicious burgers I have had in the valley.  Chef Aaron May really knows how to cook a piece of meat!Finally, the space is all dark wood, open ceilings, and an incredible atmosphere created by the chill lounge beats and downtempo tracks pumping through the speakers.Happy Hour is everyday from 3-7pm with  1/2 Priced Appetizers, $3 Monk's Pale Ale, $3 New Belgium Blue Paddle, $4 Premium Well Cocktails, $5 House Red and White Wine - so an excellent opportunity to get to know the exciting pub fare and fantastic beer selection.Furthermore, on Saturday nights is MIDNIGHT MASS where at the stroke of Midnight you receive the same drink as is in your possession for the simple "tithing" of one dollar.I recommend sitting at the bar, where service is quick and friendly and you can more easily navigate the menu options with your bartender.I highly recommend this place for happy hours, casual dinners, or a fantastic spot to start off a night on the town.
4	Tried this place the other day for lunch. When we walked in we were not greeted and basically sat ourselves. It was slow, but someone should always be available.  They have a very impressive beer/wine selection and the decor is a rustic cabin feel. We had ordered two draft beers and although the selection is great, I felt that for a $7 beer I should get at least a pint, they seemed to be 10-12oz. Had the calamari appetizer and this was one of the best calamari dished I have had in a long time.  We ordered the Ruben sandwich and a fish (Ono) sandwich, both were very good. The menu is perfect for lunch, but leaves you guessing on sides.I would definitely return, perfect meeting place with friends.
3	Mixed set of experiences here.  It's a craft beer destination, and as such they have some frustrating qualities.  They have a draft list posted on their website, but they're too lazy to keep it updated.  So yes, you might find yourself driving here to try a particular beer listed and it is not offered.  I asked for one by name and the bartender chuckled and said they haven't had it for MONTHS.  Yeah, not really funny to me.Service is normally very pleasant and attentive, especially when not too busy.  Pretzel is quite good, though a bit non-traditional with the cream cheese mustard.  Clean atmosphere thought a bit dark.  Restrooms always clean.  Parking can be somewhat tough during times of the year when snowbirds are around.
4	Found this place because some colleagues wanted to get together for a holiday cocktail party.  Tucked away in Old Town Scottsdale, this place doesn't get as much foot traffic as the entertainment district.  However, in my opinion it's much better than most of those bars.The big deal for me here is their large selection of Craft Beer and Imported Beer.  The specific Beer that made us choose this place is Chimay.  A couple of us wanted to introduce Chimay to our colleagues and this place has more than 1 on the menu....score!  Add to that a warm, living room feel and very friendly employees and you have a winner.  I didn't get a chance to sample the food, but I will on my next trip.Return Factor - 97%
4	Surprise find in Old Town at Pischke's former location! Tasty Sunday brunch, friendly service, and a good value.  A winner all the way around! We will definitely be back!Both hubby and I tried the Pastrami and Swiss Benedict with Old Bay Hollandaise.  Very flavorful and filling. Side of fried potatoes were perfect! Crispy outside and soft inside.  Chef brought us his version of Blueberry Pancakes as a Sunday treat.  Loaded with blueberries and served with whipped cream. Not too sweet with just the right amount of cinnamon, perhaps? Only improvements we would suggest would be to make sure coffee is hot, cream for coffee is readily available, and restrooms have something that dissipates, covers up, just plain gets rid of bad odors.  Enough said! Look forward to trying dinner here in the near future.
4	Bartender was knowledgeable, friendly and knew how to make my favorite drink (a boulevardier) without having to look it up.  Upon ordering my second one, I made a suggestion as to how he could improve it (more compari) and he did as told and the second drink was even better.I ordered the pig ears for curiosity's sake.  The texture was slightly off-putting (the portion size was too big), but they were well seasoned and the salsa that came with it was very delicious.
4	Great space, great location, staff is super friendly, the food is good, and the beer selection is outstanding. They have one of my favorite beers on tap (Aventinus) which is a rare treat. My only complaint is the size of the draft pours. I understand Aventinus is an expensive beer but $7 for 0.3L? I had to drink two to get the equivalent of a pint - for $14! My gf got a Coronado IPA which is a much less expensive beer and still she got served in a 0.3L glass for $7. But it's still cool spot in my book.
2	The beer selection was impressive I was excited to try out some beer, unfortunately our waiter did not seem very knowledgeable on the beer menu or the food menu.  The happy hour menu was great, the crispy potatoes were to die for.  Unfortunately our server was not very attentive or knowledgeable and screwed up our bill when it came time to pay.  Lucky for him he has a pretty face, that's all he really has going for him.  Due to the type of service I received here, I probably won't go back.
3	Great beer selection. Food used to be better. Great wait staff and service.
4	Their happy hour menu has 2 beer selections for $3, $5 house red or white house wine, $4 wells and 1/2 priced apps everyday from 3-7pm. I was a little disappointed that once we got there all the apps weren't 1/2 priced, but most of them are around $5 so you can still get them and it won't break the happy hour bank. I really liked that they had a meat-free section for appetizers which included a giant bavarian pretzel, brussel sprouts, asparagus, cauliflower, etc. Great idea!!!!Throughout the course of our evening we ordered the escargot (try it you'll like it!!), the giant pretzel, the asparagus, and the brussel sprouts. I thought everything was delicious, although the sauce that accompanied the asparagus was a little heavy and congealed quickly....not appealing. My favorites were the escargot which sat on top of a delicious creamy puree (maybe artichoke?) and the brussel sprouts were glazed in honey mustard and sprinkled with parmesan cheese. The house white and reds were pretty good actually, and my husband was impressed with their beer list, being more of a beer connoisseur. It's not a huge place so there is limited inside seating. There are booths/tables behind the bar and a couple lounge areas as you first walk in. There is also an outdoor patio seating area, but somehow with the doors open you get the waft of cigarette smoke coming inside which I didn't like. The decor is dim lighting, lots of wooden accents to give it that monastery feel.  There was a super cool sink in the ladies room...just had to mention that. Service was friendly and attentive and overall everyone seemed to have a great attitude.
4	it was somewhat sparse for happy hour, but as the evening rolled on, it began to fill up. the beer list is impressive, however, they only had one beer on the happy hour menu, and a couple of wines. the food menu looked delicious. we opted for the bavarian (giant!) pretzel, the brussel sprouts, the asparagus, and the escargot. i was totally impressed with the escargot...they were soft and salty, and melty in my mouthy. the brussel sprouts were just the right amount of crunchy/chewy, sprinkled with salt and honey mustard. the asparagus were nice and semi-al dente, but the buttery sauce was a bit heavy. the pretzel was moist on the inside and slightly chewy, coated with sea salt...a perfect pretzel. the atmosphere was mood lighting, lots of exposed wood, and nary a praying monk in sight. our service was prompt and efficient, but the water glasses didn't stay full. overall a very nice way to start the weekend at a new place for us.
5	My husband wanted to try this place due to their extensive beer list.  They had several Belgian beers that he wanted to try.  So we made a dinner reservation for 6:30 on a Saturday night.  Got there a little early, but our table was ready.  I loved the decor and our server was attentive.  I didn't like how close together the tables were.  I learned that the sandwich the lady on my right was having tasted fantastic.  And on my left, I learned that the server's knowledge of the beer list is extensive due to hearing him answer all their questions.  But really, I don't like my every word being overheard, so I mentally deleted a star.Got our menus, and I not being a big beer drinker, I was pleased that there were some good wines available also.  For appetizers, we had the crispy potatoes (due to the Yelp recommendations) and the calamari.  Both were very good.  For my entree, I had the eggplant sandwich.  I was a little jealous when I tasted my husband's burger, but the eggplant was really very good too.  After dinner, we decided to wander out onto the patio for another drink.  This is where the Praying Monk earned it's star back.  The couches around the fireplace were perfect for a quiet, romantic drink.We left around 8:30 and the bar was really starting to fill up then.  Had a great time, and will definitely be back!
4	Order the buffalo coliflower, one of the best things I have ever had. Plus a super cool vibe inside and great patio with fire place. Can't wait to go back
4	Step away from the huss and fuss of Old Town and into this cool little place. Dark, with a great bar and casual seating in the bar area and a separate dining room, it definitely feels like stepping into a different world. It's a great place to enjoy a unique beer - I asked the friendly bartender to order for me and he guessed my go-to beer and gave me something spectacular in its place, if only I could remember which it was, maybe the Chimay? It's a little off the beaten path and with great specials and what looks like a great food menu, and it was decently crowded on a Saturday afternoon but it was pretty empty when I went at 10 on a Friday, so start your night there and move on if you're looking for a traditional Old Town night or hang around to enjoy the relaxed vibe.
4	We stopped in the Praying Monk for a drink and found great cocktails and large beer selection.  There was a fun atmosphere, too. The bar staff was great. Even though they were busy, they checked in to make sure we liked our drinks which we did!!
1	As an Old Town local, I think I've been to every single restaurant/bar here at least once.  I can honestly say I have never been treated so terribly at a restaurant in my life as I was treated here.  There was even a situation where a sauce ramekin fell off my wife's plate, and the bartender was extremely rude.  He blamed her for the mess and said she should clean it up.  He even made a scene in front of other bar patrons about it.  I'm not sure what his problem was.  But the staff made this a terrible experience for us.  We ended up leaving after that.Staff - NO STARS. Drinks - Overpriced for the little return.  This is another place where they came up with "signature" drinks that aren't anything special but overpriced. Food - 1 star.  The chef tried to be too creative here.  Keep the food delicious, not too experimental.  We tried the fried cauliflower.  Yes, it was just as it sounds.  No thanks.Also, just a side note:  I'm not sure if it's a hipster thing or what... But the employees seemed kind of dirty.  Like they didn't shower regularly.  Not someone I want to handle my food.  Not good for a place hoping to earn repeat customers. Just my two cents.  Just a bad experience overall.
4	I'd like to become a regular here. Especially at the bar. It's well stocked with good liquors and a big selection of Belgian and Belgian-style beers. The bartenders are friendly. The atmosphere is dark and rustic/charming. The patio is intimate with a nice fireplace and heaters with large comfy couches. The food is great, though it takes quite a long time for it to come out after you order it. My boyfriend and I had the burger- moist, perfectly cooked, and with great flavor. We also split the challah french toast. It was very good as well. This place is exactly what I'd like in a neighborhood bar.
5	We wanted to go to Iruna but it had closed and praying monk replaced it, it was such a cool place! The food was eclectic and reasonably priced! It had an awesome atmosphere... Def a place I will revisit!
2	I do love the sort of industrial/warehouse look of the space.  Nice beer list, but the waiter copped an almost surly attitude when we asked of they had any local beers.  "No, we have CRAFT beer not local beer"    Well, excuse me sir.The place was nearly dead, there were a few people at the bar.  In the dining room was only our party and one other.  There were two servers.  Despite a nearly one to one table to server ratio everything took FOREVER.  My daughter joked they must have driven to a farm somewhere to get the lettuce and began milking the goat for the feta cheese after we ordered it.There was no excuse.  Well , maybe there was one.  I was seated against the west wall where I could see into the kitchen.  The two servers seemed mostly interested in playing grab-ass and dancing around and laughing in the kitchen while our drinks were empty and no one was able to check on anything.- ever.Here's the deal breaker- I was served probably the worst burger ever.  I ordered it medium.  Medium means a little pink in the middle and still juicy.  The one I got was about 3 levels past well-done.  It was a cinder.  Black, hard, dried out to the point that it had actually curled up and was somewhat dish shaped.  It was horribly bitter and yet, not even hot. If it had been cooked any more, it might have caught on fire. It was as if if had been burned earlier in the day and they fished it from the trash can to pass it off to me.I finally was able to get the waiters attention and told him.  He took my whole plate away and after nearly the rest of my party was completely done, I got a replacement burger served with the same thirty minute old french fries I had been served long before, of course they were now cold and limp.I fail to see the point of surly service and remarkably bad food at relatively high prices.Fail.
4	So far I've been 2x. I like it a lot. The first time just for a round. The second time for a little post work nosh. They have a pretty great happy hour. The cauliflower was fantastic! So was the hummus! The drinks are tasty, too.  (The regular cocktails, not on happy hour).. The last time I went, our server Matt was on point and friendly.  I'm looking forward to my next visit.
4	It's a great option for late night food if you don't want to hit a crappy drive-thru.
5	Awesome Place! Cassie was a gem! All bartenders need to learn from her! We had a couple of appetizers & they were awesome! Can't wait to return in 2014, just hope Cassie still works there!
4	Great burger and fries.  Wide variety of beers to choose from, including one of my favorites: triple karmeliet on tap!  Service and atmosphere both also great.
4	Service was great, from both the manager and the waitress. Between the two of them they were very attentive without being overbearing. We started with the calamari appetizer and some fried cauliflower. The calamari wasn't great, I would have liked it to be a little bit more crispy, but the fried cauliflower was awesome. It didn't even taste or feel like it was fried. Super yummy and I would definitely order it again.For entrees I had the Cuban pork sandwich, one friend had the grilled chicken sandwich and my other friends split the lobster tacos. I'm glad I didn't order the tacos because they came breaded and without a side; I would prefer the lobster not breaded and maybe with some rice or something. But my Cuban sandwich was SO good. Pork belly, ham, Swiss, pickles and some type of mayo or aioli. Delicious! I got my choice of side, fries or coleslaw, and I chose their mayo-less slaw which was tasty. We came on a Monday which turned out to be industry night, so all 4 of us girls had cocktails, a round of shots, 2 apps and 3 entrees for $90, pre-tip. I will definitely be back to sample more from their menu.
3	Stick with the beers at this place.  Their beers were superb but their apps were so-so.  Had the lobster tacos and the fois gras peanut butter and jelly.  Both were ok.
5	ZOMG... Their fish sandwich/burger thing is amazing. I always thing I'll only eat half when it comes out and then I eat the whole thing. Their potato appetizer is also to die for. I've had friends get this with a salad and call it a good dinner! Drinks are good, beer is unique. Good for groups because many of their tables are long or just large. Their outside patio with fire is legit at night, and especially in the spring and fall when Phoenix weather is perfect. I'll always recommend this place and wish I was there. In fact, I'm salivating now. Yummmm...
4	Had a number of meals here. The food is well above average. The craft beer choices are numerous and excellent. There are televisions in the bar and the restaurant area. So my question is: Why did my Friday luncheon companion and I have the ENTIRE restaurant to ourselves? The restaurant on the corner was packed with Friday afternoon diners, refugees from local business offices.Today, we both had their Bavarian Pretzel appetizer, Hummus with Sweet Relish and Pita Bread, the Eggplant Sandwich and The Cuban Sandwich. As that my lunch companion is a teetotaler, we had the iced tea.The pretzels were good; huge (it took up an entire plate) soft and, upon request, served with dijon mustard. The Hummus, served in a bowl made by a drunken potter, was smooth and had the pleasant twist of being served with a sweet relish. On warmed pita bread, this appetizer was excellent.The unsweetened ice tea was somewhat unusual. It had a flavor to it (passion fruit?) that was not unpleasant, but certainly unusual. Admittedly, I'm a stick-in-the-mud. There are some things I expect. Iced tea tasting like tea is one of them. I'm not saying the taste of this offering was unpleasant. I'm saying that patrons should be offered a choice of straight  iced tea or the flavored version.My companion enjoyed her Eggplant Sandwich. Firm, not soggy, we were impressed. The Cuban Sandwich is an American fusion interpretation on the Cubano. There was ample pork, served on a baguette with melted cheese  and spicy pickles.  Warning!! These sandwiches are not small by any stretch of the imagination. Both sandwiches came with a side choice of cole slaw vinagrette or french fries. On previous occasions, their Chicken Sandwich, Fried Cauliflower and Fried Calamari stand out in my mind as unique and flavorful.The service was excellent without being overbearing; especially in light of the fact we were the only diners in the room. My overall impression is a favorable one. Why this place isn't doing a land office business is beyond my understanding. Give this place a try. The food is worth it.
1	Well, I've been here twice. Their beer list is lacking, but their food is pretty good (get pretzel and stay away from kale), but services is spotty. I was at bar watching game and bartender turned it for her friends. Was very annoying because that is why I went there. So I paid for my 1 drink and went to RandR and spent $100. Just stupid business practices. I don't foresee them making it. Good place for a beer and pretzel but no more.
2	When I read that this was an Aaron May restaurant I thought I'd give it a shot since my husband and I like Renegade (another of his restaurants). I had looked at the menu online and was excited to try it. When we first walked in I noticed the cool barstools. The server came up and led us to the patio. It was quiet and enclosed with a fireplace. Our server was very friendly and attentive. The restaurant, or maybe it's more of a bar, has a very large beer list. I however, ordered a manhattan. I could tell it's not something the bartender usually makes once I tried my drink. My husband and I started our meal with the wedge salad. It was ok, the bacon was a little odd. My husband then had the burger which he said was very juicy and that he liked it. I had the Korean fried chicken which could have been juicier. My chicken also came with a red wine vinegar slaw. I have had red wine vinegar slaw before that I have really enjoyed so I had high hopes, but this slaw had a flavor I couldn't place and I didn't like. The redeeming factor of the night was that the atmosphere was good and our server was very nice. I would go back for some beers with friends but I don't think I'd bother to order any food.
2	Beer selection is wonderful. Disappointed in both the food and service. Crispy calamari was limp and chewy. Medium burger was well-done. Highlight besides the beer was the salmon appetizer: salmon, cream cheese, tomatoes & capers in a jar with small toasts. Just go for the beer!
5	I really love this place.  If you want to sit on a bar stool, watch Sportscenter, and drink a beer, this is your place.  If you need a chill place to bring a group of people for cocktails, this is your place.  If you want to go to dinner and select from an interesting menu, then this is your place.  I definitely recommend the pretzel with one of their many beers on tap.
4	Great happy hour spot. Brussels sprouts, pretzel, potatoes, kale caesar.... all delicious! oh and dont forget to try the corn dog appetizer. Good atmosphere, outside patio would be awesome during the summer time. Good for groups!
3	The three is the benefit of the doubt.  I met some friends here for dinner--from the beginning the service timing was just off and the place wasn't that crowded--in fact two of the male employees kept cruising through the dining room to catch up on basketball game that was on a TV above our table.  At first the waiter was hovering and then when we needed something was no where to be found--she was certainly nice enough but didn't seem to be into the job which I get.  Anyway--I ordered the chicken sandwich--it was inedible--have you ever bitten into to something and it had the taste of a kitchen sponge that is past is prime--well that was the chicken.  The manager came by and said the chicken was fresh which I believe--but something was terribly wrong.  they did the right thing and took it off the bill.  other dining companions said the Kale Salad and the Burger were good, but the shrimp in the shrimp salad were rubbery.  The restaurant is rustic and definitely honors the roots of old Scottsdale--I think going back there for a drink would be fine--but I don't think i would ever leap up and say we have got to go to dinner here.  The prices were reasonable--but even at that price point there is a lot better food to be had--even in Scottsdale.
5	Praying Monk has great food and is a really nice change from all of the other Scottsdale restaurants. A friend took me here and when trying to explain what to expect, he deemed it a casual restaurant with culinary bar food. I was intrigued. We started with the "F" this PB & J, and I definitely recommend it!  It's the perfect combination between sweet and savory, with three simple ingredients served in a mini mason jar, peanut butter, jelly, and Foie gras. Yes! Next, I had the Chicken Sandwich and he had the Cuban Sandwich; both were flipping amazing! My chicken sandwich had a nice zip to it, and his cuban sandwich was just perfectly done. I loved it! Go eat there!
1	Disgusting.  Opened up with a long black hair in my water and followed up with a finger nail in the hummus...will not go there again.
4	Delicious food! It's a weird menu so I was a bit apprehensive. Had the fried cauliflower for an appetizer, it was perfect. Had the chicken sandwich which was almost as good.Edit:  Came back for a 2nd visit and I had to lower my rating by 1 star.  Had the Fried Cauliflower for a second time.  It wasn't as good this time, because it had more buffalo sauce and not as much blue cheese as the previous visit.  I also had the brussell sprouts which were OK, but I wouldn't order them again.  Pita and hummus was outstanding.  On their happy hour menu they have "premium mixed drinks" for $4.  However, they charged us a $1 up-charge for our standard drinks such as Vodka OJ and Vodka Grapefruit.
4	Brussell sprouts--fabulous...Pastrami and swiss benedict--pretty good...Chef--cute..Bloody mary--tad too spicy...Fried egg and tender belly ham --yummy.Chef--cute..Good vibe, good music, good food, (excruciatingly) slow service.Did I mention that the chef is cute?We'll  go back. The food's good. And that chef...
4	I really like the Praying Monk, although I haven't eaten here yet. I've been here a lot recently for drinks and it's a neat little place that's hidden in Scottsdale. It's a refreshing escape from the typical Old Town Scottsdale scene. Even on Saturday nights it's possible to get a table and be able to hear your friends without screaming.If you're in Old Town and want a chill place to have a few drinks, this is a great spot to do it. I still need to try the food but if it's good, then I'll probably bump up the rating to 5 stars! Praying Monk also has an excellent selection of beers. They have a selection that's pretty diverse and from many different countries.
2	It seems as if their vegetarian options may seem healthy.... I feel like they cook like Paula Dean-- you know how she throws in a stick of butter with everything!?In a few words here it is: Modern, western, pub grub.
5	We went to the Praying Monk following a wine tasting at Su Vino, we were looking for a good lunch while also getting out of the triple digit heat. I can highly recommend this place for both the beer list and the food. I had the Black Diamond Rampage Imperial IPA (on draft) - if you are into IPA beers then try this. Lunch consisted of a fried egg sandwich (cooked over medium) with tender-belly ham, Swiss cheese, tomato and garlic aioli on an english muffin. A great sandwich especially when pared with a plate of bacon.
5	Rating the Beer School. 5 Stars! Learned a TON about all things alcohol (not just beer) and the food pairings were EXCEPTIONAL! The price ($30), was a bargain. Looking forward to continuing education!!
5	I had the pleasure of doing Beer School here with a few other friends. The chef came out and presented each dish that was prepared with the beer. Every course was delicious, plentiful, creative, and it was so obvious that the chef cared a lot about his work. We had:-French fries with truffle oil ketchup (amazing!) and mayonnaise-Chicken with potatoes served with a puree that was made with the carcass of the chicken. It was so rich and was reminiscent of a stew; it was very much comfort food but the presentation was elegant and interesting.-Lamb served on top of herb spatzle. Fresh herbs had been cooked into the spatzle and then were also chopped and put on top.-Apple struedel for dessert!Every course was paired so thoughtfully with the beer and it was overall a great experience. I brought a few friends to Praying Monk and they loved it as well. The owner of Praying Monk is also very passionate about beer and was incredibly warm and kind. They definitely deserve your business!
4	As a non beer drinker it is nice to find a pub that places as much emphasis on its food as its beverages.  The menu contains items that have just the right amount of creativity and comfort.  Well done Mr. May.
2	Sorry I have to rate this place low.  All 5 of us didnt like our entrees at all.  Korean Fried chicken was below average, tasted like a big chicken wing.  Hamburgers werent any good.  Our apps, corn dogs and calamri were actually good but the service was poor.  The menu has potential, the food items look good on the menu but it doesnt turn out well.  If you are looking for a hipster place to hang out, drink good beers and eat apps this maybe your place in Scottsdale.Hopefully they can turn it around
3	Been here a couple times. It is a fun place to go for a beer or cocktail. I would not recommend going there for dinner or lunch their food is not good at all.  Some how they messed up mac and cheese, it had a chemical taste tot it.
3	Food good, but lost a star when our unnamed server took our drink order and never delivered it. We were excited to try the beer flights, and he brought our wedge salads divided in half, as we had requested, and we finished and still did not have our beer flights.  Finally my wife got up and went to the bar and the bartender delivered the flights. I had the Study Abroad flight, which included the Belgians, and my wife had the Light of the Moon flight, which were lighter wheats.  Cute little muglets but we both felt they had been sitting for awhile because they were not cold.  Entrees came, and I had ordered Pork Two Ways, which included a delicious charred chop (I love charred pork!) and a generous helping of spicy chile verde pork stew, served with fried egg on top and buttered tortillas.  Stack was a little hard to manipulate.  My wife had the seared scallops with corn two ways with bacon and they were tasty. Food exceeded the brews.  Unnamed server (Jeff on the receipt) redeemed himself by comping the extremely tardy beers, but had to leave it at three stars after this unforgivable faux pas.
5	I went to Praying Monk on a Saturday night in July with another couple. When we walked in they asked if we had reservations. Well, they're not on Open Table, so no... Maybe you have to call? On the phone? People still do that??? (check their website for a link to City Eats, for reservations). Anyway, you should probably make one because the place is pretty small. We snagged a four top in the bar.I loved the atmosphere. It was warm, with all of the wood, not snooty. Our waiter was a little slow, but he was nice. I wouldn't call this a hipster hangout. There were some pretty people (Scottsdale style), but also some old folks like us, and it didn't turn into any Sharks versus Jets, so all seem welcome.The menu is a bit small and not super adventurous, but that's ok. I started with the fried cauliflower. I was pleasantly surprised to find them more roasted (they're definitely not batter-fried), with just a touch of buffalo sauce (not too hot for a wimp like me) and a few bits of bleu cheese (could've used more).For the entree I had the pulled pork sandwich. Here's where I learned a tough lesson: when you bite into a sandwich and say it's the best pork you've ever eaten, you should NOT be sitting next to your husband who owns 6 devices for cooking meat and fancies himself a damn good pork butt smoker. My mistake. But it was so good. Great meat to bun ratio, it was juicy and flavorful... just fantastic. My side was the vinegar-y slaw, which was so good I tried to replicate it at home the next weekend. My girlfriend got the pork two ways--good, she said, but she needed a starch with it, she thought. Hubby got a burger but subbed nearly everything on it (and they were quite nice about it!).Our drinks were really well mixed. I gave it five stars because I thought the atmosphere, price and quality of food makes Praying Monk one of the best VALUES in downtown Scottsdale. I felt in other restaurants I'd be paying more for what we got.
4	I like what they have done with this place. It looks great. I cant wait to come here and eat. Now, I was only here for the Happy Hour which is sufficiently big, even if it doesnt dip into the real interesting beverages that this establishment has. (Out of cost reasons, I understand.)/BeveragesSome really interesting beers from Belgium, and other cool places. The selection is impressive to me. Other beverages that is recommended is the Monks Mule, a fairly basic quality Moscow Mule mix but with the in house flavored cucumber vodka. Tasty to say the least.  /GrubI had some chicken and some taters that was tasty, even if a bit overpriced. I heard about the house alternative to the classic hot wings, was the hot fried cauliflower - not my cup if tea. The presentation was great, but tastewise it is only cauliflower. Nothing new under the moon. /ServiceThey are doing well in this department. The people behind the bar knows what they are doing and being curtious doing it. I find that is where I lay the bar and they pass. Overall, it's not a place I will become a regular.. but it is a place I will come back to.
2	Bunch of no personality bozo's working the bar tonight. It's like nobody has ever been taught how to find the Diamondbacks game on their oh so complicated TV sets. One kid tried for 10 seconds and then lied to me saying "we don't have the Fox channel" Bunch of BS as I called the punk out and told him I do not believe you! Bartender with a sleeve of tats does not belong at this bar especially with her surly attitude. "do you know what channel it's on? You work at the damn bar honey, not me, this could not have been your first rodeo. She belongs in the rowdier bars of Old Town - bad hire Big Guy. Then you got the chef out at the bar texting, another dude cleaning glasses like a maniac cause he is bored as hell, three guys standing around in black T-shirts lurking at the door entrance showing me to my bar seat. The owner is a nice guy, who I chatted with before, but he watches over his staff like he is on on episode of Mystery Diners. Poor staff. The bartender failed to mention the canned beer specials for HH and then it rung up wrong at the end. The $4 hummus platter was decent enough - warm pita bread and ho hum hummus dazzled up with a drizzle of honey and assorted red peppers and onions. Maybe worth $4, but not regular price which was 8 bucks. Get some energy in that bar and jazz up the HH menu and give your staff TV training, so it doesn't feel like I'm just an idiot asking for a game that is so hard to find. It's the Arizona Diamondbacks people - get a clue.
4	Went for happy hour and stayed for dinner.... Happy hour specials were okay, but the beer list more than made up for the limited choices of appetizers. The food was excellent, highly recommend the crispy potatoes. The server brought out a sample of fries for us to try (free sample) that had powdered bacon fat on them... Where has powdered bacon fat been my whole life? Great place to grab a drink, amazing beer choices, and if you're in the mood for some really good food. Good location, right in old town scottsdale.
5	Wow we absolutely loved this place! The atmosphere was rustic yet modern. The beer selection was great with about 20 beers on draft and 40 or so bottles. A lot of Belgium selections as well as most other categories you could want like IPAs. The food was incredible. The Monk burger was one of the better burgers Ive had in Arizona. Cooked well, and just overflowing with flavor. A friend got the Egg plant sandwich which they really enjoyed. Service was very attentive and knowledgeable. We will be back for sure!
5	Came on a Sunday night so it was pretty chill. Brussel sprouts and fish and chips were a great choice. Beer selection is impressive as well if you re just looking for a brew.
5	We stumbled upon this gem while strolling through Olde Town looking for a place to grab a bite to eat and a drink. They had a pretty big selection of beers, and even some flights to try out a few of them. They also have a specialty drink, a Monk Mule,  which came in a copper mug and was pretty tasty. The food selection was small, but they had tasty small plate options.They have a great Happy Hour, a great atmosphere and our bartender was really nice and never let our drinks go dry! They also have a nice outdoor patio area with outdoor seating.
5	BEER LOVER'S PARADISE! While the food menu may be limited, everything we had was delicious! And the beer options were endless! Started with a flight of their beers, then stayed for dinner and continued to sample their beers. May not look like much from the street, but once you open the door you see what a great job they're done with the place...very industrial architecture with reclaimed lumber, steel pipes, and concrete. Love this place!
1	According to Chow Bella,  Aaron Mays' Praying Monk has closed. RIP. It goes on to report that a BBQ joint is taking over the space. The new people plan to be open in 4-6 wks...ARRGH!!  Where will I go to get my Cuban sandwich fix??
5	I hate Scottsdale. I love Germany and this is where I need to be. I wasn't expecting it but it knocked me off my feet with the food and blew me away with the beer. I will be back.
