4	New pizza place at the Wynn, named appropriately enough...Pizza Place!  Not sure, but I believe this was the site of the old Sugar & Ice as it's located at the end of the esplanade.Nicely done, casual place which still somehow manages to fit nicely into the Wynn theme...great place to pop in for a quick bite or to talk business.  Pizza wasn't authentically Italian to the level of say, A16 in San Francisco, but not bad at all, especially hot out of the oven.  Interesting...I just took a look at the Wynn website and they list Pizza Place as the finest New York style pizza.  My initial impression when I was there had been that they were striving to be more authentically Italian than New York.Reasonably priced pizza at the Wynn?  Definitely a sign of the times.
4	I was so sad to see Sugar & Ice had been replaced by Pizza Place at the end of the Esplanade. Before thoroughly scouting the menu, I remember letting out a shrieking "NOOOOOOOO!" in fear I would not be getting my tomato bisque fix. Hungover, starving, and grumpy from a lack of sleep, my heart sunk. Whyyyy?? WHYYYYYYY?!That is...until my friend shook me back into reality, pointed at the menu, and said "SOUP!! TOMATO SOUP!" Hell. Freakin. Yes. A light at the end of a tunnel.$5 for a hearty bowl of blissful cure after a night of drunken debauchery is just what the doctor ordered. Throw on a couple of $2 meatball parmigiana sliders and you've got yourself quite a lunch. This must have been the cheapest lunch I've ever had in Vegas, especially considering this was the Wynn and you're surrounded by nothing but upscale and classy restaurants. It was a bit chilly that day, but I couldn't resist grabbing a seat on the outdoor patio in front of the majestic waterfall. Thank goodness for heating lamps. The food slowly came out (and by slowly, I mean slooooowlyyyy), but alas, everyone received their orders and we began stuffing our faces silly.The sliders were a hit! For $2 a piece, that's practically free in Vegas. Each bite melted into a mushy, meaty, cheesy surprise. I especially loved the bagel-like bread they used. The tomato soup was a generous portion, topped with bits of croutons. I even sprinkled a handful of parmesan cheese for that extra kick. I could die a happy woman after this meal.The pizza was a bit interesting. The Carne (which consisted of pepperoni, sausage, and ham) had one slither of sausage. That's right...a slither. Strange, no? Same with the Meatball pizza. Unless this is a new style of the thin-crusted Italian delicacy, I'd recommend skipping it. They still serve gelato like Sugar & Ice did, but the weather wasn't working in my favor to taste this sweet treat. If you want a comforting and tasteful bite for lunch without having to break your bank, definitely check this place out...and get the sliders! They're amazing. Don't forget to check out the gorgeous view on the patio.
4	OMG, I am not usually a New York style pizza fan, but this is AMAZING. I saw the advertisement when I was getting ready in my room at the Wynn. 9 times out of 10 dining at the Wynn is a huge disappointment, but the dumb commercial left me craving pizza, so I figured I'd check it out. Plus it's pretty cheap so I figured if it sucked, I'd just pitch it. I ordered a slice of cheese and a slice of veggie. The slices were huge and both were great, with a very light, pleasantly crisp crust. The sauce was just right with a mild sweetness the way I like it. It was so good, that we left to play blackjack and craps, but couldn't stop thinking about the pizza so we came back a few hours later. We ordered a 12 inch pizza but decided that the slices were better, so we ordered a couple slices and took the 12 inch home with us. Pay attention when you're at the register though. I ordered 2 slices, but the lady rang up 3. I informed her and she said OK, but she proceeded to charge me $17 (slices are 5.50) and didn't give me a receipt. I had to ask for the receipt and point out to a manager that I only ordered 2 slices, but was charged for 3. The manager refunded the difference but the lady who rang it up wrong was acting all annoyed with me, like I was the one who did something wrong.UPDATE: We came back in Jan of 2011 and the pizza was not as good. The bottom was more limp and doughy, not crisp like before, so I guess this place is inconsistent or maybe it has to do with the weather affecting the dough.
4	A pizza place in the Wynn.  An interesting idea.  If you need a quick bite or are looking to save some money this is a good place to eat.  Ideal for lunch.  The views of the water features outside are great.The pizza is good.  Not quite authentic New York, but its as close as you are going to get any where near the west coast.  I tried the carne with pepperoni, sausage and ham.  It was pretty good.  The crust is super thin.I also tried the garlic knots.  They are just ok.  They lack that strong garlic flavor.
3	Very good pizza with a great setting at the Wynn. The most affordable place at the Wynn, yet doesn't sacrifice on taste. A must if you want some quality food real quick.I had the veggie pizza with garlic fries and a coke. It was excellent.
4	Good place to get a quick bite if you stay at Wynn Hotel.  You place your order at the cashier, put your order number tag on the table and the waiter deliver your food to your table.Relatively inexpensive when compared to other restaurant inside the hotel.  Nice view to a man-made water fall just outside.  They have outdoors sittings, great in Spring and Fall, too cold in Winter and too hot in Summer.
4	It was our last day in Vegas, and I didn't want to empty out my bank account for a last meal. I wanted to walk around the Wynn and did a search... up popped Pizza Place! Definitely not a place I'd expect to be in the Wynn, but it was a nice surprise. A small little pizza parlor tucked away in the hotel with a nice view of a waterfall. Casual place, but a classy Wynn-y casual. We got the veggie pizza and pesto pizza, garlic parmesan fries, and the tomato soup that Michelle W. raved about. The slices were huge and the crust was just the right amount of crunchy. Definitely went really well with my soup! The flavors were done just right, though my veggie pizza could have done with a smaller amount of olives, and more veggies. The tomato soup was a little sweet for my taste, but it wasn't bad. The fries were garlic-y and parmesan-y. Great! I'd definitely come again.
3	As many have mentioned, this pizza joint is so out of place! BUT as pizza addicts, the bf & I had to stop by (we stayed at the Encore) and put in our two cents. Cheese pizza, while totally underrated, is by far the best way to judge pizza. You can't mask the flavor of the tomato sauce, quality and consistency of the melted cheese, and the crisp thinness of the crust. With that said, the cheese pizza here was quite impressive! Large, thin slice with just  the right crisp and texture. We wouldve totally given 4 stars but the pizza was just way too greasy. It was literally sweating which is a total turnoff for me. You can pack a lot of flavor without over greasing the slice. Anyhow come by and try it when you're in town even if you just ate the Wynn buffet (like we did!).
4	I heart pizzas! So the girls and I were starrrving before a night out and we needed a quick bite (since we took like 4 hrs getting ready lol) Pizza Place was perfect for that, such a cute place. I had a cheese pizza.. (yeah I'm boring) the rest had the pesto pizza which I think they enjoyed because we were all super quiet munchin on our pizzas...The crushed red peppers weren't all that spicy so make u sure u pile a lot on!  P.S. and the pizza slices are big! Definitley good for groups and kids! They have tv's all around a inside you get a great view of on of the Wynn's waterfalls. :) The Wynn is gorgeous.
5	The slice of carne (pepporoni, sausege and cappy happy) is the simply delicious.
2	Steve Wynn himself threw down the gauntlet on the in-room TV service when he scoffed at being compared to New York style pizza, and said he was setting out to do one better. When you make that kind of claim, you better back it up, or at least make it respectable.Nope. Serving a slice of pizza as big as your head doesn't make it good. The pizza reeked of that same old game: "We try to be like NY pizza but we fail miserably at it." It's infinitely more disappointing than a bad pizza shop that does it their own way. But if you're doing to imitate something, at least get it right. Anyway, the one saving grace is that their chicken wings were actually good! Very good amount of heat, more than I expected, and they were at least a bit crispy - something that shocked me. Out here I've become used to the sogfests that they try to pass off as "crispy" wings!
3	Probably one of the cheapest eateries in the Wynn/Encore establishment. Sorry folks, you won't find Panda Express or a McDonald's in here but you can try that $10 Circus Circus buffet down the street if you're on a serious budget. From our room, we watched the hotel's food channel that describes each dining options in Steve Wynn's arsenal. When he talked about the Pizza Place (located at the beginning of Wynn's indoor shopping row), he claimed to have brought NY style pizza to Sin City. The pizza here is thin crust. So if you're a fan of that, then that should gain a slight favor from you. Although, the crust itself can use some help. It was just too doughy and dry. I had a slice of the meatball pizza. It was a nice sized slice but only to be topped off with two measly pieces of meatballs. They had a deal where I got that with some garlic fries for about $8. Fries were quite oily. My friend had a sandwich with a simple salad and the tomato soup.Top all that with an almost $4 refillable fountain drink, total came out to about $30 something. Don't ask but just remember which hotel you are dining at. It was a simple dinner and I didn't expect much. I just knew it was going to get pricey eventually. Overall, the pizza was decent. Nothing outstanding here but just take it as a quick fix. BTW, the place does get packed especially after Le Reve lets out, so while one of you is ordering, the other should grab a table. They also do take out and you can take a whole box of pizza pie as well.
3	they dont deliver up to the rooms.  bummer.  so we had to order an hour ahead and then go pick it up.  and the large pizzas are HUGE.  the girls who went to go pick them up got quite a few comments lugging the pizzas through the casinos.  they should just deliver.the thin crust pizzas were good.  we got veggie, which had nothing green on them, cheese, and then meat.  we also got two salads.  everything was pretty good. we ended up eating cold pizza again after a night of drinking.  two meals for the price of one!  kind of ...
2	The pizza here is just so-so.  They claim to have excellent New York style pizza that rivals the East coast, but they fall far far FAR short of that mark.  We tried the carne and the meatball.  Both were alright.  Nothing spectacular.  If the pizza were cheaper and if they weren't making such huge claims, I probably would have tacked on another star.
4	C'mon... inexpensive food with a 5-star setting. How unpretentious!I don't even know if the pizza was good because we were hungry as heck! We ate everything and could not believe the Wynn Resort would devote this view to this type of restaurant. It is hard enough to find an inexpensive meal on the strip but here you can enjoy the waterfalls and evening 'thunderstorms'. Loved it.
2	Pizza was just OK. Have high expectations  when places try to beat New York pizza. Ice cream also was OK. Have had better gelato. Think it was more ice cream than gelato. The best thing I got was the argula salad with prosciutto. Would definitely go back for that.
3	$30+ for two slices of pizza, a Ceaser salad, smoothies & pelligrino. Still the cheapest food here. Yikes! Pizza was good and decent size but I still left a little hungry.
4	I did not expect anything of this pizza place. We were hungry but not that much as we wanted to splurge on high-profile restaurants. So we dropped by this place and I was surprised.I had a slice of pesto and carne.  The carne was just ok, but the pesto was very good. 3 stars.The service was slow, but outside tables by the side of the water falls were very nice, so I will add another star.
4	So according to the "Steve Wynn Guided resort tour" on the TV in our room, they set up "The Pizza Place" to rival any NY pizza.  Hearing that, we decided to try it.  It's been about 5 years since I've had a slice of NY pizza so I can't really tell you if it lived up to the challenge but I can say that it was very, very good pizza. We got a veggie slice and a meatball slice.  True to NY standards they were large so 2 slices were enough to satisfy both of us.  The veggie was a little weak on veggies--a few slices of roasted red pepper, a couple mushroom slices, a few olive slices, a bit of onion--but it was tasty; the crust was crisp and thin, the sauce was tangy and the red peppers were full of flavor.The meatball was also a little light on well, meatball...2 or 3 slices of a medium meatball.  But again the crust and sauce were good and the meatball was loaded with taste.We wanted to go back to have more pizza and try their risotto mozzarella sticks but we never made it...maybe next time.
4	Off the beaten path...err, Esplanade!Pizza Place is totally a gem of a resto that doesn't get hit really hard by everyone coming down the elevators from their rooms to that very first cafe.  It's a little bit of a walk, but the food and view is worth it, not to mention, it doesn't get crowded.I've eaten here twice this week, both times for breakfast.  The first day, I tried out their Breakfast Croissant.  For $9.50 is a buttery, flakey and huge croissant with egg, cheese and bacon.  This isn't your ordinary breakfast sandwich, you have to eat it with a fork and knife!The second time around, I tried out their Italian Frittata.  For $12.50 (I think it was?) it was alright.  I guess I'm just not the Frittata type.  Basically it was an omelet with all the toppings right on top.  It had italian sausage, mushrooms, onions, bell pepper and mozzarella cheese.Coffee is served in this huge tub of a cup and is refillable.Sitting outside on the patio is a pretty awesome way to start off the morning with that sun hitting you while you sit next to this huge waterfall.Service was always very polished and friendly, then again, it's the Wynn, everyone is very polished and friendly!
3	I was told this was the best pizza in the west coast. It was alright in my opinion. We ordered a large and split it among 8 of us? It wasn't very filling but we had plans to eat else where. 40 dollars for the pizza? but slices were HUGE! I wouldn't mind eating here again, but it certainly wouldn't be somewhere that I'd go out of my way again to eat.
5	DELICIOUS FOOD!We ordered:Roasted Chicken breast sandwich with a choice of side salad or side dish (i got the side salad) 12.99Side order of Garlic and Parmesan fries 4.99Side order of Meatballs $4.99Garlic fries and meatballs were amazing!!!! Meatballs were fresh, if your a meatball lover please do yourself a favor and visit this place for a bite.Gellato was also amazing chocolate and coconut were both very tasty for desert.Beautiful layout in the beautiful Wynn atmosphere which has a deck to eat on near a waterfall and nice lights.  Inside was very easy going also, which have some TV's to watch your favorite sports on.  Good stuff must visit trust me you will love it
3	Sugar & Ice had been replaced by Pizza Place at the end of the Esplanade. When was this?!We grabbed a quick bite to eat before heading out to Encore Beach club since we learned our lesson the day before: to eat.A slice of pizza is around $5. We grabbed some slices, which took forever to get!  I thought it was a quick, ready to heat up type of place, since the pizzas were obviously in the window display.  I guess they decide to make the dough on the spot :P jk!Free refills! So if you were dehydrated as much as I was since I didn't have a drink in my hands, then do not fear!Plenty of seats and cheaper than most places in Vegas if you are on a budget!!!
4	When picking up rando couples in Vegas, this is a good place to eat before joining them for a topless afternoon at the European pool.Meatball sliders?  Great idea!  Too much oregano.Pizza - Nice crust, but not "as good as anything you'd get in New York" as promised by Steve Wynn on my tv.  Import the water and try again.I did not try the chicken sandwich but my companions made much ado about whatever stinky cheese was on it.  (Smelled like asiago to me, they hated it, I bet I would have liked it but the olives kept me away.)Espresso was good, but not as good as what I got in the Venetian.  Also, WHY would you put a macchiato in a cappucino mug?  WHHHHYYY?   Cupware fail.Mango gelato was lovely but could have been richer.Okay, this is really a three star experience, but if you score one of the few tables by the waterfall on the patio in the back.... POOF!   Four stars.(Five stars when you learn the rando couple you picked up is buying, but I can't credit Pizza Place for that.)
3	Quick, reasonably inexpensive food. Lines can be a drag if you are in a hurry. Pizza was better than I expected. Outdoor seating by the man made water fall was nice. In a hurry and need a quick bite- hit them up.
2	This place was okay. I had the chicken sandwich, which was pretty dry. I had to ask for a side a ranch just to swallow it. Their chicken wings were super spicy, but pretty good.As for their french fries, tasted old. It wasn't crispy at all. Sandwiches are around $12 or so.I didn't get the chance to try their pizza.
3	Pizza Place is at the very beginning of the Esplanade @ The Wynn on the way to the bridge to Palazzo Hotel. Can't miss it. It's right by the entrance.I ordered the pizza slice/fries/drink combo. Had the meatball pizza with garlic fries. The pizza slice was huge. Not a bad pizza at all. A little crunch to it... It was a good, fairly inexpensive snack @ The Wynn so I'm not complaining... Pizza was tasty and the meatball cut thin. The garlic fries were delish & served with ribbons of light cheese. It was just right in accompanying the pizza slice as a meal.We sat inside to watch  a game because they showed sports on multiple TVs but there is outdoor seating and there is a small waterfall outside for a nice view... Good, quick, satisfying meal. There's a booth right outside Pizza Place to register for the Wynn Players Club. I signed up and they give you $25 free play... Won $100 on some Wheel of Fortune slots. Not mad at that... Thank you. Be back soon.
2	Oh, Mr. Wynn...you lure me in to this establishment with your promises of New York style pizza of the same caliper as your hotel, and what I found instead was practically inedible. I took one bite of my vegetarian slice and knew I wasn't at Lombardi's in Little Italy. Heck, I wasn't even at Johnnie's on Santa Monica Blvd.An extra star because it's a very nice joint to dine in (for a pizza place), service is friendly, and if you time it right you can watch not only NFL football and World Series baseball, but George Brett going ballistic on ESPN Classic.
4	Nestled past Dior, Alexander McQueen, and all those Manolos is Pizza Place. Upon first look this place is spacious, clean, and looks like a place you can sit down and really have a great lunch which luckily is exactly what happened. Unfortunately it was a bit too cold out or I would have definitely sat on the patio overlooking the waterfall which obviously contains the best seats in the house on a warm summer day. When you walk in the counter is on the left side, sporting a refrigeration unit full of gelato (if I wasn't so full I would have gotten some!). They currently have a lunch deal where you can get a 12-inch pizza, a salad, and a side for $24.50. Kind of steep, but here's the best part: they have vegan cheese! And it's not Daiya, it's Teese. Now Daiya right now is the #1 vegan cheese since it's soy-free, easy to find, and tastes delicious but damn it if Teese isn't gunning for the top spot. If I could find it in grocery stores like I can with Daiya, it would be a very difficult decision to make. Anywho, we got a veggie vegan pizza (olives, red peppers, baby bella mushrooms, and onion), a house salad, and garlic knots sans cheese & butter. The garlic knots were good, but could stand to be a LOT more garlicky, and 4 of them instead of 3 would have been nice. The marinara that came with it was decent. The salad was alright but a bit small; I didn't like the vinaigrette all that much. But the pizza... oh the pizza. All the toppings tasted SO fresh, especially the mushrooms and the Teese is probably the best cheese substitute I have ever put in my mouth. All Matt could ask is where we could buy some! I wish I could have eaten more of the pizza but 2.5 slices was all I could do. $24.50 isn't so bad for two people to enjoy a meal in a nice environment. We both left pretty satiated. I will definitely be back to have more of that pizza, and maybe give Matt more pizza so I can try some vegan gelato ;)
3	The price for a slice is about $6 but it is a big slice and great value, especially for the Wynn. There are tv's where you can catch sports and plenty of tables.The pizza itself is drenched in oil but I used a napkin to soak it up. After I took a bite I have to admit that the pizza was tasty. It isn't the best pizza you'll ever have but you're in Vegas paying $6, what can you expect? Especially in the Wynn.The smoothies are more expensive and gelato is also served here. They are fairly mediocre.
1	Starvation brought me and my girlfriend. We went inside Wynn's Pizza Place because it was the only place that was not elitist aka economically segregated (their buffet costs $69 per person). It was a joke, a big slap to the po' people. The waiters and all the employees looked like Resident evil Zombies except they don't attack you. We ordered a vegetable pizza with pepperoni, ceasar salad and two drinks. The cashier could not do basic math in his head (divide the total price 34.05 by two). The other cashier looked at my Italia jacket and knew that they were in trouble. They told us that the food would be ready in 20 minutes. They gave us our $4 fountain drinks (It was a McDonalds Small, their only size). They then gave us our ceasar salad which seriously I could make since the romaine lettice was all the salad. They gave us a pepperoni pizza, funny thing is I could have sworn my girlfriend who is more vocal than I told them that she wanted a vegetable pizza with pepperoni. The pizza was not good. It was greasy and could be made at Sbarro. In the end don't go to this rip off if you are starving.
5	LOCATION LOCATION ! Inside the beautiful Wynn is a casual place where you can sit on a wonderful patio by the Waterfall, and at night the heaters hang right over your table giving warmth to everyone ! Food- had just a simple plate of tomato slices with mozzarella cheese and balsamic- it was a very tasty late night treat that did not feel like I was eating "bad" !! I will definitely be back - great spot, clean, uses real silverware and service is very friendly and helpful!
3	Located in the Wynn Esplanade (shopping area).  Closest to the south entrance off the strip near the pedestrian bridges of Palazzo and Fashion Show Mall.  It's a nice place with an upscale cafe/deli atmosphere.  There is additional seating outside on the patio overlooking a large waterfall.  All of the flat screen TV's are tuned into sports which is nice if you want to catch the game.  Oh yeah, free wi-fi and it is blazing fast!A fairly decent choice of foods.Deserts.  Next time I might try the gelato or a sundae.  Salads.Sandwiches.Pizza.  Sides.  The buffalo wings and garlic knots looked good.Soup.Coffee.Beer.   Wine.  The grilled chicken wrap was tasty.   It came with a choice of fries or house salad.  With a bottled water the total was $16.  It is a bit pricey, but affordable in comparison to most of the other dining options at the Wynn/Encore.
4	I brought some ladies here for National Vegan Pizza Day and we shared a giant 22" veggie pizza made vegan.  They use the Chicago Soy Dairy brand of vegan cheese (Teese) here.  This is one of the best vegan pizza cheezes.  It melts well and is also tasty!  AND you can't even buy it anywhere else in town, so it's a real treat to find it here.If you check my pix, you'll see that the pizza was gigantic, and the four of us were stuffed (we even had a slice left over).  The veggie came with roasted red peppers, roasted onions, kalamata olives (way to class it up Wynn!), and mushrooms.  We all really enjoyed it (including the non-vegan amongst us), and at ~$40 with tax and tip, it wasn't terribly expensive split four ways.  It's not pizza hut cheap, but then again, it actually tasted good.We dined outside on the patio by the lovely fake waterfall and stream.  It was a warmish day, but they still had the outdoor heaters going, which was nice since we were in the shade.Pizza Place has several other vegan offerings that I am excited to try, including zeppole, fruit sorbets and a Tofu "Parmesan" (I'm guessing that means parmagiana-style) Sandwich.Free refills on sodas! Which is only fair when they run $3.50 a pop. (see what I did there?! HA!)Great option for fairly inexpensive vegan dining in a very expensive casino.  MUCH more bang than Stratta for your vegan buck.
4	My wife and I stopped here on a couple of occasions during our stay at the Wynn. The first time we only wanted dessert and opted for the gelato. We've only had gelato a couple times, but this was good and very refreshing on a hot Vegas day.The second time we visited we had lunch. We decided to split a caesar salad and each get a slice of their New York-style pizza. Everything came out at the same time, which was find with us. The salad was chilled and the pizza was hot, both like they should be. My wife had the cheese pizza and I had the Carne pizza (basically a meat-lovers). They also had soups and sandwiches on the menu, but as the name says they are known for the pizza.The atmosphere is very casual with about a dozen TVs. There is both indoor and outdoor seating, with the outdoor seating having a view of a waterfall and pond (not the Lake of Dreams like a previous review said).
2	Having had the absolute hardest time finding vegan options in Vegas, my boyfriend and I were excited to learn that the owner of the Wynn, who is Vegan, has made sure that there is at least one Vegan option at all the restaurants in his hotel. After looking up some reviews of Pizza Place, we decided to try it, seeing as vegan pizza is one of our favorite foods.     We walked over and found the place located near many of the high end shops in the Wynn's lovely shopping area. I was delighted to find we had walked by this place earlier in the day and I had commented how cute and fun I thought it looked. Unfortunately that's where the good feelings ended. We were then forced to wait in a line that was moving so slow that for a long time it appeared to not be moving at all. The line was not to get a table, but rather to order the food. The 12" plain vegan cheese pizza which came with garlic knots (which can be prepared vegan) was whopping $24.95. The wait for the food to be prepared wasn't that terrible, since we were told that the vegan pizza would take longer to prepare, we were prepared for the wait. The garlic knots were brought out, and to our dismay, when they are prepared vegan they don't have any garlic on them, so we were left with flavorless and not that soft knots of bread. The pizza arrived and although the vegan cheese was good, the crust and sauce were nothing to brag about. It was bland and forgettable.      The bottom line:  this place was overpriced and the food was nothing special.
1	Grade: FSmall hairs in our gelato. Gross. So very gross. Pizza was good, new York style. Cheese pizza, meaty, & mushroom pizzas were all fine but our experience was ruined after finding hair on our gelato. Wow. Complained nicely to the main food manager, Matthew,  and he was very professional & understanding. He gave us a food credit for the mishap, but as it was a sanitary issue, there is just no excuse from a 5-star venue. I will write a separate review on Wynn which will include the prompt response from Matthew.People will eat here nevertheless, as it's easy, quick and affordable. But just make sure you look at your food before you eat! Restaurants are hard and these things happen everywhere, but when you are a part of a 5-star establishment, the standards are higher. Look before you eat is all I have to say! Ick!
2	three kinds of people come here. - too lazy to leave wynn/encore property - too poor to dine at other restaurants at wynn/encore - too drunk to realize where they are one common thread among them - too naive to be conned by steve wynn's infomercial, claiming "pizza place serves the best pizza outside of new york." apparently, he needs to get out of vegas more often.
3	Pros:- pizza made fresh upon ordering.- pretty dining indoor and outdoor area.- friendly service.- fresh pizza. thin crust with great flavor.- reasonably priced.Cons:- pizza made fresh upon order = there will be a little wait before your food is brought outIt's all right.  It's just pizza.   They serve gelato here, too.  There is a patio where you can be seated next to a waterfall as far as I know, but it was kinda chilly out, so, no thanks.   Overall, a nice joint for a quick meal.  Hrmm..the fries look good.
5	I love this random pizzeria/restaurant in the Wynn hotel in Las Vegas.They not only have really GOOD pizza that's true to New York style, but they also have...-breakfast and brunch-good salads-great desserts including gelato-other Italian sandwiches-free wifi for hotel guests-really good sangria-patio seating with waterfall/garden viewsIt's out-the-ass expensive ... but it's Vegas, what do you expect?Lunch deal is pretty good -- slice of your choice (any variety) and a side (either salad, fries, or garlic knots) for $8.
2	The most inexpensive place to eat at the Wynn. According to Mr. Wynn the Pizza Place gives NY style pizza a run for its money. I beg to differ. I was really expecting the pizza to be excellent. It was only okay. You can order a pie or by the slice, start with a simple cheese pizza and add on ingredients and price. I had a "cheese" pizza with pepperoni, onions, and peppers. First of all I expected the peppers to be green but they were red. I also expected the ingredients finely chopped, they weren't.The pizza itself was good but a little too greasy for me. With nothing but a fancy napkin to blot it with, I just didn't blot. The slices are big so that's a plus.Also tried their basic vinaigrette salad which was okay, again not the best and the dressing wasn't mixed that well against the greens (come on people).My favorite thing here was their iced tea that had a hint of passion tea but wasn't sweet. Due to the wind outside we were forced to sit inside and were not able to enjoy the sounds of the waterfalls outside.
3	We had the meatball pizza, and it was pretty good. Unfortunately, the crust was undercooked and not golden brown at all. It wasn't doughy inside, but the paleness of an unbrowned pizza crust is not very appetizing to me. Plenty of cheese on top, though, so yay for that.Regardless of the rather disappointing pizza, I would return again if only to sit outside and enjoy the beautiful view of the pond and waterfalls! So beautiful and relaxing. Hard to believe this place faces The Strip. You can't hear any traffic, or see anything that hints to the mad metropolis waiting just beyond those trees. One star for the food, 2 stars for the patio view!
4	Probably the least expensive dining option at the Wynn. Best NY style pizza i have had outside of the real NY. And I'm a New Yorker.First time we went was our first night in Vegas. Trying to grab a quick bite after seeing a show. We ate outside on the patio and ate our slices next to the pretty waterfalls late at night. Very nice.Second time we came in for lunch with a larger group. Very busy, long line. They also have a vegan menu here (you have to ask for it, but every restaurant at the Wynn hotel has a vegan menu). My sister, the vegan, had a vegan sandwich (veggies on vegan bread) which she said was awesome.Here comes the bad news for vegans. This is a order-at-the-counter then go sit down and wait for your food to be brought to you place. The lady behind the counter who took our order was an english as a second language person. We told her repeatedly that my sister was vegan and everything she was ordering needed to be vegan. We pointed at the vegan menu several times. She still kept asking every time we ordered something, do you want that with cheese? Do you want the vegan one? YES, WE WANT THE VEGAN ONE we said, LOUDLY while pointing at the vegan menu. O.k., so at the end, we thought we had properly communicated that we needed all vegan food for my sister. On the vegan menu were vegan garlic fries, which we ordered. We made it CRYSTAL CLEAR we needed the VEGAN garlic fries, not the regular ones. Seriously, we said it SEVERAL times. Well, my sister gets her sandwich and fries and starts to eat. I say, what's that stuff on top of your fries? She said she thought it was big chunks of garlic. Then she takes a closer look and realizes it's cheese. We go to the counter and complain. The manager comes out. They replace the fries with vegan ones, but the manager seems to be blaming my sister for not ordering the right fries. Are you kidding me? We could not possibly have been any clearer. Seriously, this is a very big deal to vegans. No apology, no offer of compensation, nothing. Very disappointed in how that was handled.Here's some advice for Mr. Wynn. If you want vegans to eat at your restaurants, you need to ensure that the staff at all your restaurants understand the vegan issue, and that they speak english fluently. This was unacceptable.
2	My personal opinon:Overpriced WAAAY overpriced and not good. The cheese pizza wasn't good, the pizza rolls weren't good. The service was average, the atmosphere was GREAT. There is a beautiful waterfall outside that is really amazing. But seriously next door at the Venetian is a pizza place called Trattoria Reggiano it is half the price and tastes amazing.
5	I have to say this about the best pizza I have had to date. Compared to the rest of Vegas and the Wynn, the prices are pretty reasonable. I ordered two pizzas within 4 hours of each other and split a banana split while waiting for the second which was also tasty.
2	I kept hearing that this place might be as good as NYC pizza in my hotel room.  I decided I had to check it out and it turned out to be the cheapest place to eat at the Wynn hotel.  A 12 inch meat lovers pizza was about $15 which is a good price for anything on the strip!The staff were super friendly and took my order.  I was a little excited and a little giddy considering every time I've ate at the Wynn I've been extremely happy with my experience.  The pizza arrived, I opened the box and it smelled delicious and looked pretty damn good.I felt like a host from one of those food network shows and grabbed a slide and took the biggest bite of disappointment :(Wynn please go back to the drawing board so that your pizza is in the same class as your other restaurants.  The pizza lacked a lot of flavour, the crust was not cooked well at all and tasted like a terrible piece of flatbread.The pizza doesn't contend with NY style pizza and honestly I it very similar to some grocery store cooked pizza.Sorry Wynn but I was expecting much better.
2	We stopped by the Pizza Place for a snack to keep our tummies content until buffet time.We ordered a slice of cheese pizza but for some reason got veggie. They ask you to upgrade to the meal deal so we got the garlic knots. The meal deal does not include a drink so it is an additional $3.75 for a soda.  Not impressed with none of the food at all. The pizza was oily and the garlic knots were too bready and plain. Although the soda was expensive, it is refillable at the counter. The cappuccino gelato I had was alright.The pluses to this place is the outside patio seating next to the waterfall and free wifi. With a view like that, I feel they should be serving up something better than pizza. Or at least good pizza.
3	Thin large pizza. This is what the place is all about. Beautifully located in the Wynn Shops, it is an ideal place to get lunch. However, with its inflated prices and lack of zest in the pizza; I shall not be returning. The pizza had no cheese on it. I do not like parmesan on my pizza (only red peppers), but I had to cover my pizza up with the "fake" cheese. Disappointing. After paying 7$, I expected more than bread and red sauce. But if you were desperate like me, and can't wait to go to another place... then pizza place is a decent stop.
3	This place is a well kept secret of the Wynn. Not only is it decently priced but the selections are spectacular. Try the wings, Perhaps the best in the city. I was actually there on a casual date and was worried that it might seem a bit to casual. it turned out to be the right amount of amiance for getting to know someone. the place lends itself to great conversation and a good time.
5	If you are tired of spending $100 a meal at the Wynn/Encore then this is a great place.  Pizza and salads are basic really good food.  You can sit outside and have a great view.  Prices are really reasonable for what you get.  Great place to eat when you are looking for a pizza to help your hangover.
5	I got a slice of meatball pizza for $6, and it was large, crispy and tasty. The service was very friendly. You can sit inside and watch TV, or go outside and watch pretty fountain.
4	It served its intended purpose. Gigantic, thin slices of pizza. For around 35 bucks, we ordered the large which was enough to feed 3 guys and 2 girls (with about 1 whole slice left in tact). Although pricy, considering the fact that we got full off of this, it is somewhat a cheap alternative to other dining options. We got a half/half of meatball and pesto, both of which I think were pretty good. We also got a side of parm fries and garlic knots (think bread rolls). I think I would pass on the rolls in the future, nothing to write home about and seemed a little overbaked.My biggest complaint is the soda/water fountain isn't accessible to customers so you end up standing in line for a simple refill that you would be able to take care of yourself if it was available for the public. I felt bad asking for a refill and because I was holding a lot of cups, it just makes it inconvenient on the consumer.
4	Great pizza!  Thin crust with the perfect amount of cheese.  Love it!
4	Vegan pizza in Vegas? YES!Though they don't advertise the vegan menu out front, but if you ask, they'll show you their vegan menu. The list is pretty extensive. I want to try the tofu parmesan sub, but my dinner mate wanted pizza to share. We got a meal deal which included a side and salad and 12" pizza for 24.95 plus drinks for 3.75 (refillable thankfully). Not cheap but a good deal for the Wynn, and pizza in general. Some people swear by Daiya, but they use Follow Your Heart here. I think Follow Your Heart is quite good, though not sure if I prefer it to Daiya. It has a good texture and taste. Our veggie pizza was topped with kalamata olives, onions and roasted red peppers. It was an interesting combination, but not necessarily one I would go with again. The main negative I found with the pizza was that the outer crust was a bit hard. The salad was okay. Nothing spectacular but good. The fries were super crispy and really good.  I am planning my next trip, and will definitely come here again.
3	Good pizza and great service. If you're in the Wynn and want a quick meal head here. The gelato is good too.
4	The pizza reviews are spot on by others.  Good, not the best you will ever have.  In my opinion it was a great move by Wynn/Encore to include this place - the food didn't need to knock off your socks.  Great to stop by and grab a quick slice/snack.  (Perfect if you have kids in the Wynn).My food suggestion is to try the Chicken Parm Sandwich.  Solid.
4	really good pizza indeed
4	On our last night in vegas, we wanted a place outdoors (because the weather was a perfect 80 degrees), quick (because we were starving), and relatively inexpensive (because we had been gambling and spent quite a bit the night before on a fancy dinner and club experience). This place met all our needs! The pizza was delicious and pretty filling. This is what we ordered for 8 people:Pizza:- 22'' Meat  - 12" Pesto- 12" Veggie3 orders of the garlic knots (3 in an order)order of garlic fries The amount of food was just enough for all of us and cost us about $12 each (not including drinks). The fries were pretty good but the knots were pretty dry (even when dipped in marinara). You can eat inside or outside by the waterfall. We sat outside and by a tv so the guys could watch the World Series
4	Big meaty and delicious wings! Got the 12" pizza meal deal a lot good food! Sat outside by the water beautiful view of the waterfalls.
5	Gorgeous ambiance, modern decor  within a 5 star hotel casino called the Wynn in Las Vegas. This is by far one of the best pizza and hot wings places that I have ever had on the planet. The thin crust pizza reminds me of my hometown of New York however, the pizza is freshly baked to order. The hot wings aren't just dropped in the grease however they have a crunchy batter which make the texture stands out and coats better with the hot spicy sauce.  Lastly, I ordered the Parmesan and garlic fries which was exquisite.  They have a waterfall and balcony to relax and enjoy Vegas weather and views.  The only down side to me is the fact that the food is very pricey!!! $5.75 for a slice of pizza or $27 for a whole ouch... An order of 6 hot wings is $9.50 or $16 bucks for 12 lastly, $8 bucks for ice cream cone lol. If you don't mind spending a little while you vacation in Vegas for great pizza and wings this is the place!!  This a must try !!!!!!!! I am still craving the food and have meet visitors who ate there twice during there stay in Vegas which speaks how great this food is being that Vegas have the top Chiefs from around the world here.Enjoy,Jay.
1	Came here for the fries that used to be stellar. Ended up getting grease logged potato sticks. Sent them back and they sent me the same fries just reheated in the microwave. So disappointed. I will never return here and will tell all my friends that I once recommended to this place about the bad news.
4	The place is cute and has great decor.  I really felt like eating some pizza after our long journey from one end of the strip to the other :).  What we ordered:The Carne Pizza (Sausage, peporoni, ham, and cheese)Cucumber saladTomato soupCoconut GelatoAll of it was very good! There is plenty of seating outside and inside the little cafe. We spent about 30.00 bucks all together and they also had a military discount.  The pizza is thin crust and had just the right amount of sauce.  It was fresh, hot, and tasted great! A little pricey but hey what do you expect it's the Wynn in Vegas!
5	I went to this place when my husband and I first moved here over a year ago. We sat inside but close enough to have a view of the waterfall outside. We ordered 2 slices of regular cheese because if you can make something so simple be amazing, the other options must be good too! We also ordered the rice sticks because my husband is a FIEND for rice balls and that's basically what it was. (Not the traditional with meat, peas, and risotto. These were just cheesy risotto goodness.) Everything was wonderful and the decor was so cute. Definitely want to go back soon.
2	My group dined here as a break from all the baller restaurants and buffets. But this place did not live up to my Wynn standards.- Pizza was difficult to cut. The thin crust was not crispy, but was tough and chewy- Calzones were.... interesting. Sauce is served on the side, which I wouldn't mind, but the inside is just loaded with cheese. I didn't appreciate the imbalance; the rest of the filling flavours were overwhelmed by inordinate amounts of dairy.- Salad was inadequate. Poorly adorned and looking like something I could have picked up at the gas station. I will admit, that the Balsamic vinaigrette is delicious, but I always like balsamic.- Seating large parties in this restaurant is difficult because there were only small round tables available during our visit.
4	The only place to get vegan pizza and it's AMAZING!!! Nice place to sit and enjoy your day. There's a beautiful man made waterfall and lake out in the view.
5	Just wanted a quick bite. Ordered the meatball calzone(15-20 min wait). So to kill time I got a scoop of the Cherry yogurt gelato. Very good!Service was good, staff is very nice.Meatball calzone was good and tasty.
5	Always a stop when we're in town. Get the carne meal deal and don't forget the sangria. Only down side is the reserved signs on all the tables can be confusing. They're just to keep non-customers out.
4	I don't know if it was the alcohol but this place was great. Just had finished gambling and drinking for the night and we needed something to eat. Initially, we walked outside, with plans to walk down the strip, but two steps, and we were back inside, landing in front of this place.Since it was so late, the place was dead, but that didn't affect the quality of the food. Got bread sticks and a cheese pizza. Both hit the spot. Bread sticks were pretty good, especially the marinara sauce they served with it. Pizza was thin and not too saucy, just how I like it.Will add to the Vegas mainstay list. Probably will take the place of Earl. Disappointment last time I was there.
4	First off, didn't have the pizza so I can't recommend it...but I did have the Andes mint chocolate gelatto and it was super good!
5	Today's review is about one of my all time favorite foods- PIZZA. Its hard to believe i didn't even like the stuff until I was in my teens but now I'm not sure if I could go without it. I like to compare pizza to sex, even when its bad, its good and you are happy that you can a least get a taste.  One of My favorite places to get some is in Las Vegas ( we are talking pizza again) at the Wynn. Its called the Pizza Place, which is not only practical but also easy to remember even after a long night with way to many drinks. It is located at the entrance to the Wynn shops and if you eat outside overlooks the Wynn waterfalls. This is not only a great view, but also can be very refreshing if the wind blows just right. You can eat your pizza and get a quick shower.The menu is small with about 6 or 7 different pizzas to choose. You can order by the slice ( which are large) or by the pie.  There are many great side dishes , as well as some tasty looking sandwiches.  All the menu items are displayed in a case in front of the counter to help get your appetite ready when you first walk in. You place your order at the counter and then are given a place card with a number. Seating is first come first serve, either on the patio or inside the restaurant.  I definitely prefer the outside. When your order is ready it is brought to your table by the staff.  Simone and I decided on to different sides. Garlic Parmesan Fries and Mozzarella Risotto Sticks.  We also went with one slice of Pepperoni and one slice of Meatball Pizza.  And we even shared them.  All our items arrived at the same time which was a bit problematic given the size of our table. But the waiter squeezed everything on the table ( this was not his first rodeo) and we began our meal.  First we tried the French Fries.  French fries are not the typical side to pizza but these were "Italian Fries" They were topped with fresh shredded Parmesan cheese and fresh roasted slivers of whole garlic. These were french fry royalty.  Each fry bite had a  hint of garlic and the sharpness and saltiness of the cheese was over the top.  Another great and entertaining part of this dish was when Simone excitedly saw what she thought was a huge clump of melted cheese at the bottom of the bowl and quickly shoved it down only to discover it was a not so small piece of garlic. I laughed my ass off - and  if the look on her face didn't kill me,  I was willing to bet the house that her breath would.  Next up was the Fried Mozzarella Risotto Sticks. One of my favorite Italian dishes is risotto so i was really looking forward to this dish and it did not disappoint at all. Inside the breaded sticks was creamy perfectly cooked risotto with gooey melted mozzarella cheese. I didn't think you could make fried mozzarella any better. I was wrong. These are amazing, lightlyy breaded and fried with fresh breadcrumbs and are served with a very good marinara Sauce.  Of course it is called the Pizza Place so we can't forget about the pizza. I have never been to New York City so i will not pretend this is New York Pizza, because i just don't know. What i can say is that it may be the best pizza in Las Vegas (on par with the secret place at the Cosmo). It is thin crust, old world style pie. The kind you pick up with you hands, fold in half and shove down. Messy and delicious, melting all over you chin- the way pizza is supposed to be.  The Pepperoni was excellent , but the meatball pizza was beyond that. The meatball are made in house. They are garlicky, meaty and large. They are sliced thin and dipped in the house marinara before being placed on top of the perfect ricotta and mozzarella pizza pie.  And all this makes for the perfect Italian marriage.  So Simone and I ended up sharing a meal, again. And I must again tell her she was correct. The two slices of pizza and the sides were more then enough to fill me up.  This place was great. This might be one the best pizza's I have ever had. Second only to the Secret Place at The Cosmopolitan.
5	One of the few places that isn't too ridiculously over-priced in Las Vegas! They have pretty good "meal deals" where you can get a slice of pizza and side for about $8. That sounds pretty lame, but when you see the SIZE of a pizza slice you'll change your mind. These slices are BIGGER THAN YOUR FACE, and they are pretty yummy to boot. I got the meat-something-something pizza (lots of meat) that was yummy, and the man-friend got the meat-ball pizza. The meat-ball pizza is a little different, but it's not too bad, but I'd stick with the meat-something-something I got. No idea why, but I was in love with their fries & garlic bread. Super good. Gelato isn't too shabby either!I would definitely go back!
3	A solid place to grab a slice compared to the more fine dining spots in the Wynn. Ordering a full pie took about 30 minutes to come out but they have booze and great outdoor seating with views while you wait. They have individual slices with a variety of toppings ready for a quick heating also. The pizza is on the thin crust side but the slices are oversized and hit the spot after a long day drinking by the pool.
5	Great NY style pizza. Expensive of course as it is at the Wynn, but was good. Nice views of their waterfall.
2	This place is pretty far off from the casino area, especially when granny experiences pain in her legs, the walk is even longer and there aren't places for her to sit and rest. Not worth it at all.Carne Pizza Slice was pretty weak. It's just a pepperoni slice with a couple sausage pieces. I have to admit, the thin crust was good, but the toppings were weak for the price.Garlic Fries, I don't know what the big deal is, there isn't much garlic flavor on them and not much cheese.  It was like the garlic was an after thought, super lame.This place really gets 2.5 stars, the staff is great, just the food was a fail...
3	Not great pizza, but then again I don't like NY style thin crust .Went here twice - Ham & pineple. The second trip I ordered Sangria and sat outside watching the waterfall, which was really nice.They dont have a bunch of pizzas sitting around and sold by the slice. You order at the counter, and wait with a little metal sign clip with your # on it. It was a great opportunity to enjoy my table outside with my book for company, And the waterfall for Ambience.  Not expensive. They also had gellato, however I didn't indulge. Good if you have cranky kids in tow : ) Lucky for me, this is not the case ( I left my BF at home ) hehehe
3	First time here and I must say I'm a fan of the gelato. Tried the mango and guava flavors while my friend had the cherry yogurt. The guava was a little too sweet for me and the cherry yogurt reminded me of cheesecake with a hint of cherry flavor. The mango was by far my favorite, so refreshing and just the right amount of mango taste without being overly sweet. We also got a cheese pizza to share and let me say it was better than I would've expected. The pizza follows the typical thin crust New York style. Not the best pizza I've ever had (been to Italy and NYC so yea) but definitely better than some I've had before. Be prepared to wait for the pizza but it's worth it as its actually made fresh vs being under a heating lamp. We enjoyed our gelato while waiting so didn't mind.Anyways I would definitely stop by again as the service was excellent and like I mentioned I'm a fan of the gelato. I would love to try some of the other flavored they offer as well on my next trip to Vegas.
3	Great place for a quick bite before hitting the clubs at Wynn.Pizzas took a while to cook, and were just ok.  Pesto Pizza:  not recommend - looked like they just squeezed some ready-made pesto onto the sliceMeatball pizza:   had the thinnest slice of meatballs ever!  We had to ask the server where the meatball was!  Apparently, it's cut so thin and hidden behind some sauce!orzo pasta salad:  pretty decent, but then again, I love orzo salad!Insider Tip:  The only saving grace to this place is the view.  Make sure to sit outside on the patio and watch the water fountains.
2	I'm surprised at the good reviews of others.  It was ok pizza and definitely true to "NY Style" pizza.  But big floppy slices are not worth $10.  My friend and I each got one slice (that's plenty of food BTW) and a Coke.  Total bill was $22.  I thought the crust was a little too thin and it was definitely oily.  Yes, with NY Style pizza you usually have to sop up the oil with a couple of napkins (some people think that's part of the experience) but having to do that here reminded me that that's one thing I don't like about NY Style pizza.Maybe I would have had a better experience with a different dish.
5	The first thing to know going in is that the portions are HUGE! When we went, they were running a special of a slice of pizza, sundae, and a drink for $12.50. This is one of the best deals we found during our weekend on the Strip.Thankfully, the food is also really tasty. The sauce was great, and all of the gelato was excellent.The staff was very friendly, and there is a nice (and possibly romantic) view of two waterfalls on the Wynn property.
5	Who needs to go to NYC when you can come to Pizza Place? Seriously!!! It's that good. Thin and chewy crust, tasty red sauce and yummy cheese. I'm hungry thinking about it again. I can't for my next visit back.
