5	Extensive menu, very tasty, fresh food, fast and friendly service, at reasonable prices.  Ask for the owner Zilia-she's spectacular!
4	New place in Cave Creek, welcome to the neighborhood.   Very good curry and pad thai.   Looking forward to our next visit to try more things on the menu.
1	Sorry! I like to be positive, but my first experience here was my last. It started with the food spotted homemade menus with incorrect information. Then they were out of several of the beers listed. The waiter was uninformed and could offer no recommendations. The hostess/owner was inattentive. When it finally arrived the food was mediocre at best. To cap it off the bill took forever to arrive and they almost gave us a credit card from another table. Couldn't leave fast enough.
1	I really wanted this place to be great! unfortunately it's not. The lunch (Thai chicken salad) was very expensive and looked like an appetizer. The chicken was hard and overcooked,vegetables had a very strong taste and the special spicy sauce almost knocked me to the floor! Way To Spicy!!! Service was so so. Looks like they are running it more like a dream then a restaurant business.
3	Just went to this small restaurant for the first time today, It will certainly not be my last visit, I may adjust star rating after further trips. The food was excellent as was the portion size. Very attentive staff. A large selection of Asian beers with more to follow I am told.Pricing was fair. If you like Asian food and curry you will not be disappointed.
1	I had such high hopes for this new little spot in Cave Creek. It's menu was ambitious with offerings from almost every Asian cuisine, including India.It was a beautiful evening t dine on the patio, but alas, they had mostly high top tables out there which in my book book does not qualify for a nice, relaxing dining experience. There was one table, and it appeared that the owners or employees were dining or taking a break there. So we sat inside at a four-top tucked in the back of the restaurant.A server can make all the difference in a restaurant experience. The woman who worked our table had absolutely no personality whatsoever, and she barely spoke English.  At first I was not sure this was the case, and perhaps she was just having a bad night, but when my entree came and it was full of bell peppers (a no-no for me), I am sure she didn't understand what I ordered. My husband asked me, "why did you order something with bell peppers in it and not ask them to omit them?" I thought, "well, it had some veggies in it that were specifically listed, but it did not include the bell peppers in it." I sent it back for them to remake it without the bell peppers. As I was eating it, I thought to myself, this does not taste like what I ordered . . . Having just sent the entree back, I didn't want to put up a fuss . . . I just wanted to leave. My husband was still working on his Indian dish that was at least "3 peppers" hotter than the "one pepper" listed on the menu . . . he, too, wanted to leave.  On the way out I picked up a to-go menu and when I actually looked at it, after we got home, I felt so much better that I wasn't going crazy . . . indeed, what they served me and what I received wasn't even close to anything listed on the menu, and certainly a far cry from what I ordered.The prices are also way too hefty for what they serve, and even the manager/owner who was lurking around the bar didn't even both to thank us for our patronage on the way out!  There is no way we will go back to Z's . . . a total bust!
5	My sister and I were looking for Thai food in Cave Creek and were happy to see Z's Asian Fusion. We have a very wonderful lunch special. We had Egg Drop Soup / Crab Wonton /  Pad Thai and Orange Chicken and Iced Tea. We like spicy and were able to have complete control by adding their wonderful sauces to our dishes. Everything was great and we look forward to bringing the rest of the family soon. Also look forward to Happy Hour Specials they sounded really great. See you soon!
5	My wife and I visited last night and I must say that I was pleasantly surprised!  I'm a meat and potatoes kind of guy and just had them make recommendations for our entree.  Both our meals were FANTASTIK!  The appetizers were authentic and excellent as well!Service here was way above average.  Z and Ed both were throughout the restaurant visiting with guests and exchanging pleasantries.Overall feeling is very nice.  Well laid out, nice lighting, perfect for an evening for 2 but we plan to go back soon with several friends so they can enjoy the atmosphere as well.Prices were very fair especially for the portion sizes.  I found their complete menu on Facebook.Definately on our list of favorite restaurants!
5	It doesn't get any better than this!  Hands down the best Thai food I've ever had, and It was ordered as a "to go". I cannot say enough about the quality of Z's food.
5	Yay! I've been waiting years for someone/something like this to come to Cave Creek/Carefree! Zelia's an absolute doll, outstanding service & the food - nothing short of exceptional. I love everything I've ordered so far, can't wait to finish my dinner & try something new next time. Thank you Z & welcome to our little part of the world. I wish you much, much success!
4	The boyfriend and I went here last night (again) and knew I wanted to give Zs some cyber love!Our friend recommended it, and whew are we glad he did! We have been back 5 times, and always trying something new. Really great. Also love the stamp card, we get a free meal next time we go in! Try the sangria can't beat it for $9!
5	I love this place, what a great surprise in Cave Creek!The service is simply over the top.  the owners walk around making suggestions and making sure things are perfect.We have been there 3 times, ordered three different things, and they have all been incredible.  Just fantastic food!Make sure you try the Asian beer selection as well.
5	This is fantastic.  It's the best Thai food I've ever had.  I think the words we used tonight were "Bomdiggity. Freaking Crazy Good.  Amazing. The Best Curry Ever." to name a few.  We were served by Ed, who knows the menu inside & out, and  helps you navigate the EXTENSIVE options.  Z is from a unique part of the country, so I opted for some of the "Z's" dishes, to give her style a try. Her Panang Pork Curry (what?!? Incredible. The pork was so tender it was falling apart, and the flavors were perfectly blended...curry, a bit of coconut, and lemongrass...and just the right amount of heat), and my husband had more traditional Pad Thai (what!? Also incredible.  He had shrimp - the dish had a ton of shrimp and noodles. Excellent).  We each had salads which were fantastic, and the mango sticky rice for dessert - deelish.  The ambiance - we sat on the patio and watched a full moon rise.  Ed lit a fire pit next to us for warmth and glow, which was very nice.  The price - for two, it was round $85 (an appetizer, two salads, two entrees, a desert, and a beer).  We felt it was priced right for the quality of food and service. I mentioned the menu was immense...we cannot wait to go back there to try more items. We'll be bringing friends next time, so we can try more dishes!!
5	One of our new favorite places to eat. I can't have enough of the Fried Crab Rice, and the orange chicken has a great light batter and our little one's favorite. Great friendly service too!
5	Wonderful meal! Great summer rolls, lettuce, cabbage so fresh and crunchy; fantastic peanut sauce. Green curry was spicy and tasty, veggies were not overlooked. Chicken masala was also excellent. Naan bread was tasty. Good wine list. Nice ambiance. We'll be back.
5	Holy cow, grew up in San Jose, CA and have been searching for good Vietnamese and Thai food since I left. Still looking for Vietnamese, but my search for Thai is over. Zach was our server, nice guy and made some killer recommendations. We sat on the patio and happened to go during happy hour (prices are amazing during happy hour!!), and when we went again we sat on the patio during regular menu prices (still not bad). Portions are good sized, staff very willing to customize orders as far as they can be, service was pretty quick, beer was served in a cool but not frigid glass as it should be, and most importantly the food was so tasty I was tempted to order another entree for lunch the next day.Will definitely be returning for a third visit and can easily see this place being a regular for us. Compared to the other Thai I've had in the Valley this place is far and away the best I've tasted. Together my wife and I have tried the curry, two separate dishes with chicken (both delicious and moist), shrimp rolls. All delicious.
5	My wife and I decided to give this place a try and fell in love with the food. The food is fresh and has authentic flavors. The curries are outstanding, the best I think I have ever had, if you like Asian cuisine you are going to love this place.
4	DH and I have been looking for some great Asian food close to home and Z's is literally four minutes from our house----lucky us!  Very simple, but relaxing ambiance.  We were warmly greeted and seated immediately.  We started off with two glasses of wine---DH got a merlot and I ordered a pinot, which they were out of but the gentleman who was our server suggested another pinot that had an unusual smokiness that I enjoyed---wish I could remember its name!  Econte?We started off with the tempura vegetables.  Oh, wow, were they good.  Broccoli, and sweet potatoes and zucchini, carrots and green beans---nice sized wedges with a perfect layer of light, crispy, ungreasy batter.  Our only caveat---the serving was WAY too much for two people!  We were only able to manage half the plate and leave room for our entrees.  I think maybe next time we'll see if they can do a half-size!  Because you definitely don't want to miss the entrees!  It's been a long time since we had good Thai, so that where DH and I went.  I was really tempted by the crab-fried rice, that was complimented by several Yelpers, but I decided to go with the red curry and I said to "surprise me" with the protein, which ended up being some lovely, tender, tasty chunks of pork swimming in a delicious, spicy, coconut-y broth.  Oh, mouth-bliss.  Just spicy enough to make my tastebuds sing, but not so much I got what I call "hot-cupps" (hiccups created by really spicy food!).  DH got the Panang Curry with Chicken and again, great quality chicken with a wonderful sauce and plentiful veggies.  We ate and ate and ate it was so good, but it's like our plates were bottomless!  We actually ended up having plenty to take home as leftovers, along with that tempura (which was still pretty good the next day, though sadly tempura really isn't great leftovers).  So a very reasonably priced meal was made even more so because we ate off it for two days!  I liked it, but DH thought the fish sauce was a bit heavy, but since it's obvious everything is made from scratch, I am sure we can easily ask they lighten that up a bit.Alas, I was way too chubbed out to try either of the desserts I was eyeing---the Fried Banana or the Lychee vs Black Sweet Sticky Rice----I was very intrigued by the latter---but I'll figure that out for the next visit.  And next visit there will be!  DH wants to try the Teriyaki and I want to try the crab-fried rice...but the Black Pepper Sauce sounds good too...and then there are all the specials...oh, dear....too much good food, too little time!
4	Great Far Eastern menu, large portion sizes, and very tasty.  Servers were attentive, cordial, and accomodating.  The ambiance lends to private and quiet conversation.  I would recommend this restaurant and plan on visiting it regularly.
3	Thought I wrote a review before but maybe not.  Food very good. Drinks weak.  Tasty food but the prices are higher than you would expect  well, than what I expected   I'm not sure What you consider excessive.   But I just wouldn't go back because of price   Cave Creek is not where you think for oriental food, but we do have some other less expensive options in the area   I hope they read these reviews, because I see the running thread is price
5	Finally great Thai food in Arizona! And in Cave Creek to boot!Best chicken Pad Thai  I ever had.Priced right as well.We will be back very soon.
5	Enjoyed a flavorful bowl of Tom Ka soup with seafood (shrimp only $3 more!) with a nice glass of wine.  They get busy on Friday and Saturday nights so reservations might be in order.  The menu is out of this world!  Order the Thai Ice Tea, crab puffs, fresh summer rolls and Pad Thai.  Ask for the owner Zilia if you have any questions, concerns, special needs, or feedback.  She will come out of the kitchen and make you feel like family!  Krup
2	The fresh rolls were terrible, giant wads of lettuce wrapped in rice paper. Shrimp was virtually nonexistent. Chicken adobo was alright but nothing to write home about. Both overpriced. One redeeming factor was the people who work there were friendly and fun.
4	Went there for lunch this week on my birthday and I was not disappointed. I spent a year in Thailand, MANY years ago, courtesy of Uncle Sam. This is the real deal and I was delighted. We'll be going back again and again. They didn't even make fun of my rusty Thai. :)
5	How did we miss this place?   My wife and I live in Mirabel and enjoy dining at a ton of places in the CaveCreek and Carefree area.  This was a total sleeper and we loved it.  The outside lighting made it almost look closed...but, we thought we would peek inside.  A WINNER!!! Great food. Great service. Great night.
5	We went last night.  The owner is lovely, friendly.  Excellent service and great Thai food!  Very pleasantly surprised.
5	We are on very restricted diets so it is difficult to have meals cooked our way. It is actually a bit embarrassing to go out to eat  and then have to dictate  to the waiter what and how to cook the meal.My wife is almost always unhappy with the way it comes out. This place bent bent over backwards to assure that things were as we asked and seemed happy to do it. They  may have even" bent over forward "because of the extra time and effort they extended to us without extra expense to us. The food was fresh, not greasy and cooked flawlessly. My wife was pleased which says it all. We are going back often. Mark
5	Love this place!  I highly recommend it. Great service!  Can't wait to return.
5	WOW.... just WOW.  I am so impressed with Z's. I have lived in the Cave Creek area for a long time. My 'go-to' restaurant is no longer in Cave Creek and I have others I regularly frequent. Decided to try this place after passing it so many times and absolutely loved it. This is a new "go-to' spot.
5	My husband and I are locals in the Cave Creek area- and we finally got a chance to try this restaurant last week.  We were super excited to find a great Asian restaurant in the area.  I got the Pad Thai with tofu and they kindly customized it for me without fish sauce because I am vegetarian.  The portion was large and it was delicious.  We spit the veggie spring rolls to start and they were very yummy, crispy, hot and flavorful. My husband got the Drunken Noodles and he loved those too- just wished they were a little more spicy.  Service was warm and friendly and the owner came by to say hello to us and ask how we were enjoying our meal.We will be back.
5	We love Z's Asian Fusion!  The food is so delicious!  Everything we have had has been wonderful but the Shrimp Clay Pot is our favorite!  One of the best restaurants in the area.
5	My family and I ate here for three nights in a row, that's how amazing it was. Zella ,the owner is incredible. I am having a difficult time telling which was more incredible,her or the food.  I live in  southern Ca , my brother's in Santa  Fe , Nm  and my other sister in Az. I love Asian cuisine , and I have to say this was by far the best and most unusual that I have ever had the pleasure of dining on.  It would be worth the trip to Cave Creek alone just to dine here ! If you are even semi close to this restraunt, don't miss out!
5	We love this place, it's one of our regular spots to hit in Cave Creek. Poh tak soup is a must (warning: if Z asks if you want it spicy, beware! Ha!), and you must order the panang pork curry. It's the most amazing!
5	Got 2 lunch specials: the Indian fried rice and the Pad Thai. Excellent dishes. We were really happy with the meal and even chatted with the owner a bit. Would come again. Highly Recommended.
4	My husband and son and I discovered Z's tonight after a friend recommended it. So good. We had the Beef Massaman Curry, the Masala Curry with Chicken and Pad Thai. It was all wonderful. The service was great. We will be back.
5	Wow.  What an experience.  All I can say is that I have been to Thailand quite a few times and this place is the next best experience other than traveling to Thailand.  The food is prepared by the Owner, Zilia and everything tastes so good.  The food is fresh as can be and Zilia personally comes around and interacts with customers, making sure that their experience is outstanding.  The atmosphere is relaxing and live music is played at the restaurant at times.  I cannot recommend this Thai gem enough.  The food is fantastic, the owner is so kind and the experience is truthfully memorable.
5	A jewel of a restaurant in Cave Creek! I love good, fresh Thai food and from the wonderful smells coming from the kitchen, to the charming Owner ensuring a great dining experience, I would absolutely rate Z's as good as it gets. I of course started with the Tom Yum soup; my standard test to see what "spicy" means, and I was not disappointed. Hot, flavorful and a delicious burn, this soup, by itself, will keep me coming back. The crab fried rice and the Pad Thai were the perfect accompaniment to the Mussaman curry..a dish from the "favorites" section of the menu. The meat was layered with a rich curry flavor and the potatoes were perfect in their tenderness. Zilia explained to us that this section of the menu were all her grandmother's recipes and I will absolutely be back to try every one of them!
5	WOW this place was amazing! I saw this place here on yelp and decided to give it a try!  I was definitely not disappointed! The food was so amazing. We had the pot stickers, the Penang curry chicken and the basil sauce chicken. You could just tell there was a lot of heart put into these dishes! The chef and I assume the owner came out to greet us and check on how our evening was which was such a nice surprise! She told me about another dish of which is her grandmothers recipe that I cannot wait to try next time. Great food,great service, and over all very genuine place to visit. I think it's my new favorite spot in the area! Please go check them out! 5 stars from me! Well done!
5	Been awhile since we been out this way...in Sweet CC...yelped and this cool place caught r I .... :-) Absolutely wonderful.   !!!!!!. Very Happy Happy ..Highly Recommended.... I want more..lol Gotta get something 2 go....!!!! :-)
5	I've been trying to get my wife to try Z's with me for a long time and today I finally talked her into it and it was AWESOME!!! Today was our 1st time at Z's definitely will not be the last, in fact, we liked it so much we have already made plans to go back tomorrow!! Great Food, Great Atmosphere and Great Service!! My advice to anyone reading this is, do yourself a favor and go to Z's Asian Fusion as soon as possible, you will not be disappointed!!
5	Z's is a small restaurant that you could easily miss but DON"T, it is a treasure when you venture in. For us it was a great neighborhood find. The decor is simple, the service is warm and inviting and the food is absolutely delicious. Best Asian food we have had in a long time. We had the crab puff appetizers which we could have eaten a dozens of, they were that good. Everything is made fresh to order. I had the Pad Thai with beef which was different than I have ever had and oh so tasty and my husband had one of the Thai Curry dishes which he had made to the spiciest and he thought it was amazing. The prices are very reasonable and the portions are large. We will definitely be back.
5	Great place. Quaint, and very personal as the owner is often your server. You can tell she is passionate about her restaurant and cares about being a good host and wants you to enjoy your meal. Appetizers are great. Crab puffs are legit--not the normal overly cream cheese filled variety. Nice selection of seafood available.  I had Halibut with the Black Pepper sauce--unreal how much flavor there was. We'll be back soon!
5	FANTASTIC!  We tried the panang pork curry and the larb gai salad. Delicious! The curry was so yummy I wanted to lick the bowl. Two for one beers were an extra happy surprise. Finished the meal with lynchee black rice which was good and not very sweet. Perfect. We will be back to try more dishes.
5	Ok, I have never really liked Asian food and my husband basically forced me to come here and I'm 100% blown away!!! The food at Z's is amazing and as much as I hate to do it, I have to give my husband a HUGE thank you for talking me into going out of my comfort zone and trying Z's. The food here is phenomenal.
5	We were there again last night and tried the pork padthai and also the classic panang pork curry. Soooo good we ate every last bite. (Soooo full). This place never misses!
5	My wife and I ate here for my 50th Birthday.We enjoyed it very much! Z greeted us and explained the fusion concept, as well as the specials. We shared a delicious avocado shrimp salad followed by Curry fried rice (meatless) and I tried the yellow curry chicken "extra spicy"! My wife who has a very sensitive stomach loved everything! I also enjoyed every dish and would recommend this restaurant to my friends and family!
5	Surprising find in a small town.  Really good food and great service.  The owner, Z, was our server and spent time chatting with us and had good recommendations for our meal.  We had the beef noodle soup for the kids and panang pork curry and crab fried rice.  It was all very flavorful.  Didn't have room for dessert but the lychee ice cream sounded tasty.  Would definitely come back here.
2	Sorry folks. We love Thai food & even have spent time in Thailand. This was not good Thai food & very expensive for what you get. We will not be returning.
5	If I could give this place and extra star, I would!  My daughter and I thought we would give this place a try.  WOW!  I heard the crab puffs were great, and they were!  We arrived in time for happy hour and in addition to the crab puffs, we added on the pot stickers!  They were fantastic!  We ordered the Massaman Curry as a main dish.  It was perfect.  I had tried to introduce my daughter to Massaman Curry at another Thai place and it was OK, very watered down and kinda flat.  Now she knows what it is supposed to taste like because Z's got it dead on!  The owner was very welcoming and sweet, you can tell she really cares about the quality and ingredients of her dishes.  I am going back Friday with my husband for that amazing happy hour!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Thank you for great food right around the corner from my house!  This place will be dangerous for take out! So many things to try!
5	We're from San Francisco visiting friends in Scottsdale. This is one of the best Thai restaurants we have ever been to.The food and service were wonderful.  "Z" the owner, she made everything even better.Highly recommend this restaurant.
4	Good food and warm service.
5	The best Thai food/asian fusion ever !!!A little gem of a restaurant in Cave Creek with full bar and outside patio seating.  Can not describe how delicious the food is, come in and see for yourself."Z" the beautiful owner will take care of you, I guarantee this will become your new favorite restaurant ...
5	Try margarita with friends:)The winner margarita contest From Taste Of Cave Oct 15,2014
3	Came here because of all the  positive Yelp reviews. Their website is not complete so there is no menu or directions posted. Called the restaraunt and confirmed there was no menu on website. Thank goodness Yelp does a great job of mapping the location. This is a cute little restaurant and the owner is friendly.  However this is not even close to the best Thai food ever.  Tried to order the crunchy spinach salad from menu but it was not available. We had pot stickers for an appetizer ($6); pad thai ($14) which is a staple in Thai cusine; a lime avocado salad ($14) and their signature Mossaman Beef curry ($16).  Dishes were not very generous servings and were not at all spicy. We were not asked what we wanted to drink so we stuck with water. We were not asked if we wanted the food spicier so we assume that is not an option since the owner took our order. Potstickers were good and six on the plate. Pad Thai with chicken was good but not great. Lime avacado salad was disappointing and small serving. Mossaman Beef was good but not great.  The beef had been cooked too long to the point of disintegration at touch and that resulted in the curry being more like gravy than curry. Tried to order dessert from menu but it was not available. We've been to Thailand several times; love the food; and seek to satisfy our thai food fix once a month or so but we don't see any compelling reason to come here again. Wanted to be wowed because of the reviews and maybe that is the problem. Their food just did not live up to the hype and I seriously don't understand the ratings. Bottom line - good but not great and expensive for what you get. Would be happy to pay the price if the food was superb. They are friendly and that may be getting them better reviews. Friendliness does matters but food matters too. 5 star...no way. There are other Thai restaraunts within 15 to 20 minutes that are better or just as good. And all with a lower price tag. For the above dishes the bill was $52, after tip $62.
5	Found this place after reading other Yelp reviews and they didn't disappoint.Very good food!  I had the beef Maussman (sp?) which is a curry coconut milk flavored dish that was absolutely delicious.We also had some crab puff appetizers which were very good.Affordable prices and good food.  A good combo.
5	First time back in a month....  Can't believe I've waited that long!!!  Potstickers, crab puffs, Kung pow chicken!!!!  Delicious!!!!!
5	Amazing food! Lots of Gluten Free options all made from scratch! The couple that owns the restaurant are so kind, friendly, and genuinely care about ensuring people with allergies are safe.
4	We had the lunch special at Z's after enjoying the golf tournament at Desert Mountain.  It was a gorgeous day and we were able to eat outside on their patio. We had a small salad with a tasty ginger dressing. Our entrees included the pad Thai and Kung Pao Chicken. They were both delicious! We would definitely make the trip out to Cave Creek to eat there again.
5	I can't believe I have driven by this place everyday and not stopped until tonight!  Moving here from Hawaii, I've had my fill of Asian food. This food was fantastic!  Great happy hour prices on lots of apps, 2 for 1 drinks. Main course full of flavor, perfect portions. Service was amazing. Will definitely be coming back often!
4	Excellent food!  We were disappointed that they were out of potstickers and tofu, but the stuff that we had was awesome. They recommended a replacement for the potstickers (some sort of Vietnamese dish) that was great. My dad's first time trying curry and he likes it. :)
5	This place is in the same shopping center as my nail place, so I figured it was worth a shot.  One of the best decisions I've made in a looonngg time.Walked in, was greeted by the owner, and told her I was new to her restaurant, and wanted to order take-out.  She took the time to review the menu with me, ask what I like, and made recommendations.I ordered the chicken wings and the pork panang curry.(While waiting, we continued to chat about food in general, and as others have said, she is an entirely delightful lady.  :) )So, to the food.  Chicken wings - OK.  Pork  panang...oh, crazy, crazy good!  The best dish on the entire menu, in my opinion, is the Tom Kha soup.  And, you can ask for ANY dish to be made spicy to your taste, so go for it, as good Thai, is spicy Thai.This is now on the standard rotation whenever we're craving Asian food.  Great stuff.
