5	C.A.R.S. specializes in repairing and tuning European cars.  It's a family-owned business, and they are very knowledgeable in automotive repair.  The main mechanics Cesar and Moe always help me out with automotive advice and when I want to do any tuning or repairs to my Audi.  They both have over 30-combined years of combined experience working with VW/Audi.  I always refer my friends to these guys, and they too are happy with the service and quality of work.  They work on luxury cars like Porsche, BMW, Mercedes, and Audi R8.  Even if you drive an American, Asian, diesel or gas car, they can fix your car and have you back on the road in no time.  You can also schedule routine check-ups for preventable maintenance.The prices are reasonable and competitive.  No surprise costs (they'll call you and let you know if there are any more problems with your ride.)  I don't live in Vegas anymore, but I still stop by for check-ups whenever I'm in town.
5	I was literally at my wit's end when I got the dreaded phone call from the official Audi Service Department:  a bill that was in the four-digits.  Needless to say I was unable and unwilling to pay what they demanded for the service on my beloved Audi A4 cab.I recently moved to Vegas and my favorite repair shop was 275 miles away in West L.A.Then, I stumbled across the great guys at C.A.R.S.  Admittedly I was a little leery at first, but in a nutshell I was treated like royalty by these guys, especially Moe.  When I called with a list of what was wrong with my ride, they held by their word and called me back in less than an hour with an estimate that was a fraction of the cost of the folks at Audi Service.Turns out that several of these guys used to work at Audi and decided to set up a shingle and go into business themselves.  In fact one of the owners worked on my car personally.  Now how often do you get such personal one-on-one service these days??I literally feel like I am driving a new car again.  I'm very happy and they've earned a customer for life.  Don't hesitate, give them a try.
5	I have been a long time Audi/VW enthusiast and I love taking my 2006 Audi A3 in for work. This is a family operated business and this family knows Motor Vehicles. Cesar, Moe, are were both master Audi Mechanics but there skills are not only limited to one manufacture. David has had extensive experience working at numerous dealerships in town and is an Ace with water cooled VW's  These guys can fix anything with an engine and will warranty all work! They treat me like family every time I bring my car for a visit. C.A.R.S. specialize in European automobiles but on the right day you can find them working on anything from a street sweeper to a High end exotic Lamborghini. They have fair prices and do great work! I personally have had them do major performance upgrades to my car and their work is flawless every time. It doesn't matter if you are an avid car enthusiast or someone who couldn't change a tire if your life depended on it because C.A.R.S can handle all your automobile needs!
5	Best shop in Vegas for your VW/Audi/Porsche. Great shop for any car for that matter, but with the prices the stealership charges for parts and labor, you'd be ignorant not to go to CARS first. I've been using them since 2002, and I'd recommend them every time.Ask for the Moe special.
5	EXCELLENT.my fiance and i drove out to visit her family in vegas before flying out to NC to visit my family last week in my '06 porsche cayenne. along the way, we noticed a thumping noise coming from beneath the console between 2k and 3k RPM. given we were short on time, i left my beloved porsche with her mom while we traveled east.i did some research on what the problem may be and found a pretty common problem with the cardan shaft when the miles get high that caused exactly what i was experiencing - so i had an idea of what it was as well as what to expect in terms of cost. i found these guys via the lovely reviews here and fortunately, her mom had taken her VW to them on occasion, so she knew them and was happy to drive it over for them to look at. i spoke with cesar and explained what was going on as well as a couple other small things i'd like to have looked at while it was in the shop anyway.eddie called me back later in that afternoon with what they'd found (exactly what i thought) and offered me quotes for everything. the cost was precisely in line with what i was expecting as well, so i gave them the go ahead.barely a day later, i got the call that all was done! when we finally made it back to vegas; her mom had driven it to the airport to pick us up so i could drive it and make sure everything was good to go - and it was all PERFECT. excellent work, excellent communication, very reasonable pricing and very pleasant guys to speak with. i almost wish i still lived in vegas so i could use them any time i need. you can't go wrong with C.A.R.S.!
5	My husband and I had a problem with our car on our way back home, we yelped this place and they were soooo helpful and nice! They did a great job , also they offered us a ride to the strip while we were waIting on the repairs. Keep up the great work!
5	Super friendly guys, and they'll give it to you straight, which can be hard to find in the auto repair industry.  Highly recommended!
5	When these guys close the hood you know the job is done right.  I live in the NW part of Vegas and consider it more than worth the drive to bring my Audi A4 to their shop.  From routine maintenance, mechanical issues/troubleshooting, to performance and aesthetic upgrades--they've done it all for me.  My car drives better now with 95k miles than it did when I bought it used, with 50k!!Moe, Cesar, and David (brothers) have been working on my car for 3 years--so I know their philosophy and work ethic.  It's simple, but most people/businesses don't get it:  Perform quality work at the right price and treat your customers like family.  Like another Yelper mentioned - I've seen their shop full of all kinds of cars - Audis, BMWs, Porsches, etc--foreign & domestic.  Everyone from celebrities to the average Joe like me trusts these guys with their vehicles, and it's easy to see why.Bottom Line: Another reason why I love Vegas...
5	Hands down the best repair shop in Vegas.  They specialize in Audi/VW but they work on all types of cars foreign and domestic.  Also they are great at performance work on any car. If your looking for that extra boost in your car take it to CARS!! I have been taking my cars here for years and they are very honest and work with everyone.
5	When my dad's Plymouth Voyager broke down during a road trip from Canada, we were EXTREMELY IMPRESSED AND SATISFIED with CARS - the positive reviews on Yelp are definitely warranted.  This family-run business was friendly, professional and courteous.  They squeezed us in before a long-weekend because they knew we were from out of town, and had us back on the road in 24 hours!!  Mechanic, David, even took the time out to show us the replaced fan-assembly and explain why it had caused the engine to overheat.  These guys made us feel totally at ease with what would have otherwise been a very stressful situation, and allowed us to enjoy our family vacation, knowing our vehicle was in good hands.  A+++++++!!!!  I would totally recommend CARS to anyone in Vegas who needed a honest and knowledgeable mechanic :)
5	My Audi needed to be fixed. So I have been putting it off for weeks because I usually get my car serviced at Audi Henderson. I was saving money so that it can be done at Audi Henderson. However, I realized that I need my car more often than usual. I contacted them due to the great reviews I saw online. They gave me a quote and I was happy about the price compared to the local Audi dealerships in town. I am glad I did contact them. Eddie and the rest are great! They fixed my car 3 days earlier than expected. Now I'm pleased and my car is running like new. I am very pleased by the quick service and turnaround.I will definitely go to them in the future!
5	Absolutely recommended!This is how a shop should be.  Eddie and Ceasar were aces to deal with.  Knowledgable and trustworthy, something not always found when it comes to a garage.  The rates were very reasonable and the charges were exact as discussed, even when an extra part was needed. And, I was never once heard a sales pitch for any work I didn't need.They worked on our Pathfinder and we will be bringing our X5 to them shortly.
5	These guys are super awesome!  I know nothing about cars and as a very busy professional, worrying about my ride is the last thing I wanna concern myself with.  I completely trust them and they've been taking care of my Audi TTs' service and maintenance needs for few years now.  5+++ stars for knowledge, integrity, reliability, and excellent customer service.
5	Simply amazing! I was referred to CARS by a friend and will never go anywhere else again. If you need help with any car take it to CARS you will be happy you did.
5	Our BMW X5 kept stalling on us while we were visiting Las Vegas last month.  We found this shop on Yelp, and were very happy with their service.  We needed to get going that day to drive back to CA, and they were very helpful in getting us back on the road ASAP.  Highly recommended.
5	I didn't believe the Yelp reviews, until I went there. Finally a real Audi repair shop that's affordable and close. I am tired of paying $145/hr at the Desert Audi dealership. The mechanics used to work at Desert Audi and they really know their stuff. They gave me full vehicle diagnosis for free. Now my  2003 A4 runs better than ever.You guys rock!!
5	Lifesavers!  My husband, our 2 babies and 3 dogs were loaded up and heading out of town on a Friday afternoon.  On the way, our car started to overheat, found this place on yelp and found out our radiator needed replacement.  Not only did they welcome the whole crew, dogs included, into their waiting room, which was really nice and comfy, but they were able to replace the radiator for a good price and had us back on the road within a couple hours! When was the last time you had a great experience with auto repair?  They couldn't have made this situation better and they saved the day for us!  This will definitely be my go to place in the future!
5	first off, i am in the european car repair business and manage an iundependent shop in santa monica, ca. so i can honestly say i know what im talking about as far as shops are concerned ...    my girlfriend is out in vegas and had a problem with the cooling system in her 2002 A4.   so i checked around and stumbled upon this shop.  they were also recommended by a close friend and so i decided to send her their way and i was not disappointed at all ...   eddie and mo were both extremely friendly right off the bat, and offered to see her car immediately.    within an hour or two they had the issue sorted out, and called me with the diagnosis.   it ended up being something quite small (in comparison) and they had the part to fix it in stock.    i was more than pleased with their communication and thought they were more than fair with their price.if you are looking for an honest, reputable shop that genuinely cares about their clients and their cars,   this IS the place to go.    i will make sure to personally stop in the next time im in town just to say thanks but until then, this review will have to do!briansanta monica, ca
5	I have been going to CARS for years and am still amazed how great they treat everyone and how much they care.  They have worked on our BMW, VW and Chevy with great expertise.  I recommend them to everyone.
5	I am not a big fan of Audi. But I am a huge fan of CARS. Sometimes eddie talks serious but he is a nice guy. Nice guy always act tough :D
5	I just moved to Las Vegas and I was in need of a place to take my BMW 325 to get fixed. In the past, I've gotten ripped off by so many dealerships and car repair places so I'm always very hesitant when it comes to finding an auto repair place.I found CARS through yelp and I'm so glad I did. Eddie (front desk) was very trustworthy and would explain everything to me since I know nothing about cars. Their prices are very fair. I even shopped around to different auto repair places and they even recommended CARS, now that's a good sign!
5	The gentlemen at this shop are as good as it gets when it comes to mechanics. Would recommend them in a heartbeat. My girlfriend and I were driving from Los Angeles to Vegas when our VW TDI (diesel) started giving up problems with the shifter/tranmission. Luckily we made it to a rest stop that was that was about 70 miles from Vegas. Eventually I was able to jerry-rig the car so that it was drivable, and started heading back to Vegas. While I was driving, my girlfriend started searching Yelp for mechanics. That is when we stumbled upon this shop. Anyone that knows about TDI's will tell you that they are a specialty vehicle that not everyone can work on, so trying to find someone that knows how to work on them in a new city is a daunting task. I was relived to hear that one of the mechanics Cesar had worked in a VW dealership for 15 years or so and was very familiar with TDIs. I limped the car to their shop in Vegas. Cesar came out to inspect the car and knew immediately what the problem was (part of the shift linkage broke). He informed us that he would needed to order the part from VW and would then be able to fix the car. It was Friday afternoon, and Cesar claimed he wouldn't have the car ready until Monday.After leaving the car at their shop, another gentleman named Eddie gave us a ride to our hotel. Very much appreciate that we didn't have to call a taxi.As my girlfriend and I were enjoying our weekend in Vegas, we got a call from the shop informing us that they were able to work over the weekend and finish the car early! Picked up the car a day ahead of schedule on Sunday and it has worked perfectly ever since. Great service, knowledgeable mechanics, friendly people and fair prices. I wish every shop could be like this.
5	Great customer service, they didn't overcharge, and was really doing everything to please  us.  If I ever get another break down in vegas, I will definitely go back to this place.  I won't hesitate to recommend this place to all yelpers.
5	I wouldn't take my car anywhere else!Military family traveling across country and decided to stop and see the sights in Las Vegas.  Our van started making an unfamiliar noise near the rear passenger tire.  We still had several hundred miles to travel through the Mojave Desert and thought best to have it looked out before traveling on.  After yelping auto repair, I found this place came very well recommended with mostly 5 star reviews.  I can now see why.The service was AWESOME!!!  The staff was very professional and did a thorough inspection on our van and determined the issue was not the tire but actually something else, which wasn't a big deal and could wait.  THE BOTTOM LINE is they didn't try to push any unnecessary service or repair.  Trust me, with our van it wouldn't had been hard.  It has 90K miles on it and the original rear brakes and I know the front brakes don't have much longer to go.  The CARS team looked over our van, topped off the oil and road tested it to ensure everything was good-to-go, and didn't charge us anything!Thank you guys for taking the time to make sure everything was all right and yes, we made it to Los Angeles without any issue, just like you said!  Thank you all again!
5	Eddie and Ceaser were great -- I was taking my Mercedes to another location for many years.  I finally researched reviews on other repair shops and found CARS to be highly rated -- and so far, well deserved..
5	Great service from Moe and the team!!Would recommend for everybody.
1	Was not a 100% honest in evaluating the problem.
5	The dealership wanted to charge $2000  for unnecessary repairs  and my daughter's car was fixed for under $300 at CARS!!  They are friendly and honest!!!
5	This place is awesome.  I just moved to Las Vegas when my 'service light' went on in my Audi.  I looked for a reliable (and honest) place to go, and C.A.R.S. had a great Yelp score -- so went to check them out.   I wasn't disappointed. Every 4 and 5 star review you read here you can believe. In my case, they told me my car might still be under my CPO (certified pre-owned) warrantee, and suggested that if I took it to the Audi dealer here in LV, I might get everything taken care of for free. And, If I wasn't under warrantee, they said just bring it back to them and they could take care of me.  They even gave me the name of who to call (some of these guys used to work at the Audi dealership).    This was a great experience! Even though they didn't work on my car, they drove it around just to make sure nothing major was wrong (the light was just for regular maintenance). They even helped recalibrate my NAV (for MMI navigation). Since moving here, my NAV wasn't able to locate me.  .Oh, and btw, the best (and most unbelievable) part. I asked how much I owed them, and they said NO CHARGE. Once my warrantee does expire, these are my car guys, Super guys and super honest. And they have a nice flat screen in the waiting room.
5	Called on Monday afternoon. Got my Audi Q7 in the next morning. He finished by noon. The price was right!I found CARS via Yelp. The high ratings are certainly justified. Eddie was very professional and up-front. He checked his computer to see exactly what service my car needed for the 90K service. No hidden frills and thrills. And if there were extras he believed my car needed, he gave me a recommendation with an estimate. I have found a trustworthy mechanic and will bring my cars to him in the future.
5	My experience with CARS was excellent, I highly recommend the garage! I was visiting from Hawaii on a big road trip and the engine light came on my VW coming up to Las Vegas. Eddie was very reassuring on the phone and when I took it in to get checked, David was working on it and was really straightforward, knowledgeable, helpful. Didn't end up needing any repairs, but they didn't charge for the diagnostics AND gave me lots of tips and confidence to finish the 2,000 mile trip. I would trust my car to these boys again!
5	Nothing invokes fear like the IRS and having to have a car repair. I have a 2003 Hyundai with only 40K miles on it. I don't really drive it that much but my check engine (orange) light had been on and I thought I needed an oil change etc. Got it but the Jiffy lube dude told me I needed to have my entire headlight replaced due to the connections were missing. Since I never drive at night I didnt bother until now which is about 3 weeks before my tabs are due to be renewed. Called Planet Hyundai on Sahara and took it in. They told me 500 appx to replace the headlight and I needed some under carriage work that was about 900.00. OR I could trade it in on a newer model and they'd give me 3k on the trade. BS. It's a 10 yr old car with ONLY 40K miles on it. I'll drive it until I'm dead. Anyway.. a was referred by a friend to CARS. I called - they said sure 300.00 out the door but they needed to order the part. Part came in and told me just stop by takes about 45 minutes. We went today, left the car and came back to it all being finished. They even replaced some fuses that were low. It was the EASIEST and most helpful automotive experience I've ever had in Las Vegas. From the start I dealt with Eddie - and he was a dream. Totally professional & funny. PLUS and this is a big plus. They had Fat girl seating in their waiting area. none of those stiff fugly skinny arse seats you find in most waiting rooms. No big comfy couches & chairs. I want to move in there. Bonus: The boss is like 10 yr old and the guardian is an adorable red bulldog. Total score. and what a relief that I never have to fear the mechanics again!
5	Mad props to Eddie, Mo, and Danny (I think I may gotten his name wrong).  Eddie is extremely patient and professional.  I needed my brakes to be done on '08 Jetta Wolfsburg.  I was going to do it, since I already had the pads and rotors.  However, I didn't have time and I came across their business from few years ago.  After they gave me an estimate, I made an appointment.  I dropped off the car on a Tuesday and it was done in a few hours.  They did a great job with my brakes.  In addition, to the brakes I had them flush the brake fluid and replace it with Super Blue racing fluid.  Change the fuel filter and change the DSG fluid and filter.  So far zero problems, and they'll get my business again.
5	Maybe you're like me and every time you walk into an auto repair shop, you feel like you're about to get screwed, so you just hope they at least have the decency to use some "lube".Stop getting screwed.  Do yourself a favor and go to CARS. They are honest and efficient. Which also means, they are busy, so call ahead.   I walked into CARS after leaving a well-known "corporate-chain" autoshop. I am not going to mention the name of the shop, but it rhymes with shitboys.The guys at CARS were helpful right from the start. They took my car in, showed me what was wrong and then gave me an estimate. The estimate was 1/3 the amount I was quoted just a few hours earlier at "shitboys".Eddie, Mo, and Gino were exceptionally helpful. They truly care about their customers and their workmanship. The shop itself is big, clean and modern. CARS is simply head and shoulders above all of the other auto shops.
5	Man these guys, I can't say enough good things about them. Mo and Eddie helped me out so much I couldn't thank them enough. I was driving cross country for an interview I had and my car's AC compressor froze and it broke the serpentine belt. I found them online and called the next day. Eddie said to bring it in and they'll get right on it. Mind you this is a Honda Civic Hybrid so the compressor cost a shit ton more and me being a jobless college kid had barely any money. They told me straight up the cost and they helped me lower it to a range where my parents could afford it. They worked with me and even did the little things that other shops would've charged me for and I could never be more grateful for saving The Beast. These guys treat you like family and they'll always help someone who needs it. If anyone ever gets stuck like I did, go to these guys. They will not bullshit you and won't play games with you and they'll tell you what's wrong straight up and they'll work with you if any problems come up. They had my car fixed in a couple hours ready to go. When ever I get an R8 these guys are the ones I'll go to.
5	The only stroke of luck I had in Vegas was finding this place!  Amazing service provided by true experts (in customer service AND cars).My GTI started acting up about 40 miles outside of LV.  The power was constantly dropping and coming back.  I had never experienced this before, so I was pretty concerned.  First thing I did, never having been to Vegas before, was pull up Yelp to find a mechanic.  I found CARS and immediately gave them a call.  Eddie answered and after I explained my dilemma, he expressed true concern for my safety while driving the car, and said he'd be more than happy to take a look -- would even run a code to at least let me know what was going on.  30 minutes later, we made it and pulled into the garage.David got to work right away.  He pulled the code -- it was my fuel pump.  Thankfully they just happened to have a lightly used pump in the shop!  I have never seen anyone work so fast.  He REALLY knows his VWs...  Long story short, I was out in less than 45 minutes with a perfectly working car.Now, here's the kicker in my opinion.  At this point Eddie could have really screwed me.  I have no idea how much a fuel pump costs, so he could have told me $500 and I probably would have paid it...  He says "Normally the part is $300, let's do $250 for the part, labor and tax" (remember the pump had a couple hundred miles on it already).  I was stoked and paid it.  Upon further research he was 100% honest -- the piece was exactly $300...  He even put a warranty on the part for me.If I lived in Vegas, this would be my go-to mechanic based solely on this experience.  It's hard to find an honest, trustworthy mechanic that's not looking up-sell you or push additional unnecessary services.  CARS is certainly a mechanic I can trust.Thanks Eddie and David!
5	When you're looking for a mechanic, the most important thing us trust. You can trust CARS to give you a fair price for excellent work. Eddie will tell you what really needs to be done, and what you can put off for a while If you aren't ready. If you can drop your car off, you don't need an appointment. Great repair shop. Glad we found it!
5	We dropped the car off and got an estimate of about $900 for the repair which I approved. The next day they called and let me know that the issue was not as bad as initially thought and it ended up being $260 including an oil change. The honesty of CARS is refreshing! I can recommend them without any reservation!
5	I hate my car. But i need it. We took my car here after another place said the repairs would be over $600.  They were amazing. They fixed my stupid car for less than $300. AND it only took 2 days! I will only be bringing my stupid car here, until it dies. Which they will probably delay. But I still like them.
5	Everybody says they know a guy that can help you for cheap. I ended up paying 600 dollars for basically a headaches. Long story short I got ripped off. Saw these guys on yelp called them. Great customer service, fast service, and my car runs better.  Left the place knowing I got  what I paid for. I will refer these guys to all my friends and I'm going to them when I have a problem. Satisfied customer
5	Amazing service and amazing people. NO BS!!! Highly recommended!! Best alternative for dealership / CASA!!!!
5	Honest and professional people and service. Noticed the car was still under warranty for the part in question, didn't charge me any thing and got the car fixed by the dealer for no additional costs.
5	Once again, I've gone to CARS to service my Mercedes CLS500.  I won't trust anyone else...especially any Mercedes dealer.  This place is simply the best, fastest and most reliable.  More important than anything else, I TRUST them...b/c they've earned it.  Do yourself a favor...GO to CARS.  Thanks again guys!!!
5	I sometimes wonder if anyplace could get such rave reviews, and be true. I read the negative comments on this place where some thought the 5-star reviews were a sham.  And I thought, yes, possibly this place had such horrible service that they needed to spend hours upon hours to try and make themselves "look" good by creating phony reviews.  But then I experienced CARS for myself.  I could not believe how accommodating they were.  How comfortable they made me feel.  And all I did was a basic oil change!  They were honest and provided a service with a smile.  There was NO attitude, cockiness or arrogance I've come to expect from an auto service establishment. Even when they dropped me off at work, and picked me up afterward, there never was that awkwardness in the car. I will make this my go to place for all my car needs and will most definitely tell my friends about it!
5	The staff here is exceptional! Free second opinions and quotes. Leave here knowing you're getting an honest deal.
5	you cannot find a more honest auto mechanic shop in Las Vegas Eddie is the man when it comes to customer serviceand job performance the two things that are most valuable when it comes down to a broken car this company save me hundreds of dollars when the competitors wanted to charge me for a new motorI will be bringing down my other vehicle to get servicedI saved over $125 and diagnostic testingwould recommend to anyone looking to get the car fixed the right way
5	As good as it gets! This family shop is just that but it is a combination of The Best German / European Techs with Techs that work on all cars to the same high standard for all customers.They will talk to you like a person, order Genuine Parts that are delivered at a click of a mouse and follow through with a guarantee of all service done.I am notorious for getting in there at 7:30 am (I work graveyard) and out asap!! This is not your neighborhood rip off joint.Go to CARS and have Peace of Mind!!!You Have a Good Shop To Bring Your Cars!!!
5	Came in for a second opinion, long story short, not only did CARS fix my problem that day, but they didn't charge me for a thing.  What was the original quote at the dealership?  $2100.  They tried to get me for things that didn't exist.  David switched around a couple of faulty sensors, test drove the car three times, shook my hand and sent me on my way.  Eddie told me no charge, so naturally I told Eddie he has my future business and all the positive word of mouth I could give him.  The reviews are true, these guys know Audis and they don't try to charge you for their time if they don't have to.  PS:  David had my car for over two hours, not even a diagnostic fee.  Thanks guys, you are appreciated.
5	Car would not start on a Friday afternoon and I took it in about an hour before close. They found the problem promptly the next day and didn't have the part but fixed it enough to get home- free of charge. These guys are quick, honest, and amazing. Highly recommended.
5	CARS did work on our Jetta in the past and everything always went smoothly. More recently they did a quick repair (computer for the transmission) on our Porsche 911. The car wouldn't go into gear right after we had it detailed for sale. Someone was coming to look at it in a few days which put us in a bind. CARS diagnosed the problem, ordered the part, made the fix and got us up and running in time for the car inspection. We remain friends with buyer and he has had zero problems after the fact.We will take our BMW M3 (see the German trend?) there when it needs work...although we hope that doesn't happen soon.
5	Really nice people and place. I went there yesterday and they are really good and helpful. My Audi got fixed really fast
5	I was on a vacation in Las Vegas. Unfortunately, when I tried to drive to the parking lot of MGM, I ran over two speed bumper way too fast(FYI be careful when you guys are approaching the parking structure of MGM. There are no sign telling which speed you should drive at. I would say 2 MPH!!! In addition, there is a speed bump with no sign of warning telling you there is a speed bump. At least I failed to find it. So be careful.) I was pretty sure the wheel alignment of my Volkswagen CC has been ruined. Meanwhile I have concern to the suspension and the steering of my vehicle because they were two really severe hit. So I did my research on auto repair shop to do a check and repairment to my CC. Then I found this place. The service here are excellent. Their official business hour is 9 AM, however when I arrived at 8:30, it has already opened. Guys here are very nice and considerate. The check and wheel alignment cost 125 dollars. I am no specialist but I do think mechanics here did their job carefully. They spent about an hour and 15 minutes on my vehicle and gave me a report about my wheel alignment which quite a lot of auto service stores do not provide unless you ask them to. It turned out that the suspension and steering had no problem. But the toe of wheels were off the right angle. Well, there are some place can do the wheel alignment with price around 80 dollars. But a lot of them don't do the job correctly! So it is worthy of spending a little more to find some reliable guys to do the job correctly. This is the place you want to go.
5	If I could add on more star I would. Eddie and them took it to Another level helping trying to get my car fixed. And they even did the smog check for me. I will not go anywhere else cause I know I get great service and people I can trust to do a great job and that I can trust. My fear of paying a thousands of dollars for something was changed to a couple hundred bucks and they even did a smog check for me. I know they are busy but it's totally worth the wait if you have too and they really work with you if you need fast.
5	I had a 1999 Volkswagen Jetta and used to always take it to the dealer because I had nowhere else to go. Heard about CARS from a Volkswagen employee and have never looked back. David is an awesome technician and told me what I need to change and even showed me, unlike the dealer who you just have to take their word for. Now that I am no longer a Volkswagen owner and stepped up to a BMW, I still take my vehicle to CARS because they have an on-site BMW Master Tech on hand. I was feeling a vibration everytime I came to a stop at a light and after reading through the forums, thought it was the rear differential bushing. NOT. It was actually the transfer case mount as I have an all-wheel drive 3 Series. Not only did it save time for them to have my car in the shop, it saved me over $400 in labor. Sweeeeet!All the guys at CARS (Moe, Eddie, Cesar, David, Geno and Armando) are friendly, tell you up front what you do and don't need and are even willing to show it to you and give you a cost before they proceed. Highly recommended if you have any car, especially if it has German Heritage. Trust no one else!!!
5	I love this place after having a rip off quote from a sain imports ceaser actually lifted my car and showed me what was wrong with it my only request was that my 96 Lexus make it to Oregon after it hasn't run in 6 years these guys did it for way less than the other place quoted and even less than their quote everyone there was super friendly and the owner is awesome his son is even cooler lol thanks for everything my car. Made it and is still running awesome I'm so glad I was referred here I know I will get my investment back and I feel safe driving my old car again
5	I took my Audi to "Cars Auto" today for the first time, and I must say that I was pleasantly pleased with the service and attitude of the staff; not only did they provide quality service but I would guess the bill to be 40% less than a dealership. They will most likely have my business as long as I have my Audi; they also service every type of European vehicle.
5	Unfortunately there aren't enough stars here..these guys are awesome! i was traveling from Ca. to Utah hauling a 35' 5th wheel, when outside of State Line, an engine warning light came on. I looked on yelp and found this shop and arrived there at 4:pm. I thought no way were they going to get to it this late in the day.They were prompt,professional and courteous and sent out their diesel truck technician, Ben, who diagnosed the issue. They called my warranty company got the part authorized,ordered and installed by 10 am the next day. They shuttled me back and forth between an RV park while my truck was up on blocks.The owner and every employee i dealt with were professionals. The repair shop was orderly and spotless, this is not auto repair it's auto surgery! I can't say enough about them. i wish i lived closer to have all my cars serviced there.Honest,reliable,professional service.. the way all businesses should be operated.
5	Right from the moment I walked in the door, until I left with my cat after service I was pleased with the experience.   Eddie is knowledgeable, straight-forward, and a pleasure to deal with.   The mechanics working behind him are helpful, showing you the problem and helping you understand how it happens and how it will be fixed.   Eddie gives you the cost straight up with no nonsense, breaking down parts and labor cost.   The facility is clean and modern and these guys really take care of your needs... Make more than one trip and Eddie will probably know you by name when you walk in the door, just a great experience all around. Too long, didn't read? : Go here, they are awesome!
5	I  love this shop!!! Eddie is super helpful - explained in "girl terms" what I thought was going on with my VW, he knew exactly what it was ---- shop went to my house and towed my car in - had it fixed in a day!!!I'm new to Vegas and it's hard to find good people, a shop you can trust with excellent customer service.
5	I called this shop when my car was shaking from side to side. They said to drop by for a safety check. We waited very comfortably while they checked out the car. Turns out it was a tire problem, which I needed to fix elsewhere. They charged me nothing for the service and were extremely helpful and friendly! Thanks so much!
5	These people are on their game!!! This is my second experience with The Cars and they do NOT disappoint...I've walked into plenty of auto repair places and as a single woman with a nice car have been taken advantage of. I feel confident knowing that I am only getting exactly what I need done. There customer service is awesome as well. My Mercedes was repaired so fast I had planned on being without a car for a day or two but 2 hours later they called and told me it was fixed. It's nice knowing I won't be taken advantage of and it will be done fast and right the first time. Ask for Eddie he's the best!
5	I was driving from LA to Vegas and the AC crapped out right at the state line, and finishing the trip into the city in 110 degree heat was no fun.  I contacted CARS based on good Yelp reviews and they provided great service.  They told me I could bring it right in and they would take care of it right away since I was a "stranded out of state motorist".  I dropped it off and Moe personally gave me a ride back to our hotel on the strip (saved a cab ride there).  They told me when I dropped it off that the AC compressor had basically disintegrated and that they could only give me a 'minimum/maximum' range for the repair since they needed to get inside and see if there was any contamination in the rest of the AC system.  It was done and ready for pickup first thing the next morning, and I was very happy that the tab came in just a bit above the minimum estimate.  If I lived in Las Vegas, these guys would be my regular mechanics!
5	I'm writing this from Washington state which means that I was able to drive my 06 MkV GTI home from Vegas with the help of Mo, David and the guys at CARS Las Vegas. We drove down for our vacation first to California then to Vegas with intentions of going back to Cali before heading home. While in Vegas my DSG transmission decided that it had enough on the day we were to head back to Cali. The dealer wanted so much money to fix it that we seriously thought of trading/selling the car and just renting a car to get home. But my wife found CARS here on Yelp and I gave them a call, Mo said bring it in and we'll see if we can fix it rather than just replacing it at dealer cost. Well unfortunately it was beyond fixing but Mo was able to locate a used transmission from a salvage yard and got it shipped and installed in four days (only because it was over the weekend) they removed my trans on Friday the new one arrived Monday and we were able to pick it up Tuesday for about half of the dealers cost. After a false start due to some fuel pressure codes and an O2 sensor we were able to get on our way, the car ran flawless all the way home and Mo even called during my trip to make sure all was well. The service, care and courtesy at CARS Las Vegas are top notch and I highly recommend this garage for any traveller having problems with any type of vehicle while in town, they are close to the strip and will go above and beyond to help get you on your way. Being able to keep my GTI is a relief, having confidence in my vehicle again is essential. Thanks CARS!
5	After failing the smog check I brought my 2004 Passat to this shop,based on the yelp reviews. We recently moved here from Arizona and were looking for a good place to service and repair our vehicles.  The issues were correctly identified and fixed. The mechanic, David, took care to fully explain the faults and repair.  We received far better service than at VW dealerships. We will be back.
5	I'm always on the lookout for great repair shop. Luckily, I found CARS NV. They're honest, fair, do great work and communicative. Is there anything else you would want in a mechanic? My MBZ S500 has had suspension, brake and alignment work...all delivered on-time and at a good price. Eddie and Mo are fantastic! I highly recommend CARS NV!
5	I kept having a reoccurring issue with my Audi (stuttering and losing boost), and after multiple trips to the local dealership without a complete fix, I decided to try CARS. I informed them that the dealership would "correct" the problem and it would be good for a few months and the reappear. They took the keys and told me that they would let me know as soon as they knew the problem.Less than 2 hours later, I received a call and had my diagnosis, cracked manifold and bad turbo. The quote I got to fix it floored me, and not because I would have to take out a second mortgage to pay for it, but because it was way under my initial thought. I was told that they could have the parts needed in a day and my car back to me in 2. I told them to go ahead and start it.The whole time that they were explaining everything to me, you could tell that they truly appreciate their customers and take great pride in their reputation. I wasn't talked down to or upsold on any unnecessary service. They are true professionals in every sense of the word. They called me as soon as the parts came in and let me know that the work had started on my car. The best part was that I got a call the same day to inform me that my car was done and ready for pick up. When I went to retrieve my car, I was taken back, and actually shown the removed parts and damage. He walked me through the repairs and took the time to clean my engine bay. (Nice touch!) Overall experience with these guys was great. I would highly recommend them to anyone without a warranty or who is sick of the run around with dealerships. They have become my go to place for all my cars!
5	Staff was extremely helpful. I wanted a full inspection check up on my BMW and they were able to take me in without an appointment! Only took a hour and they were really helpful! I'll def keep coming back with my car! Price was not as crazy high as most places are!!
5	Had some problems with my dodge durango passing the smog test as it's getting older. These guys did a good job and took care of my issues. Very friendly guys and good customer service. I would recommend them to anyone. I got a good vibe at this spot.
5	I trust them implicitly! I have gone to them since they started and have brought all my cars!
2	I'm going to make this a long one since it caused me some unnecessary $ basically saying their diagnose of my problems where very very bad. If you have time read on .I've been in the car business for more than 8 years now and I've had my share of experience with all kinds of mechanics. If there's one rule that I have found to be true is that a cheap mechanic is not a good mechanic, a good one won't be cheap! But these guys are not good and definitely not cheap. I have an Audi & a Benz and both had some issues.. So I was looking for a reliable mechanic. I saw these guys on Yelp and I was blown away by the reviews. 70 positive reviews (for a mechanic!!!  Wow). I had to check them out.. So I went with the Audi since it was due for an oil change.. I also told them to check why the battery & fuel cap light came on when you start it in the morning.. Next day I pick up the car and was told the alternator is good but I needed a new battery for sure.. So I did just that.. Went and got one ($160) and replaced it.. Well that didn't fix my problem but I didn't make a big issue since these things happen.. After all everyone else says they are great. Now it's time for my Mercedes that is stuck in 1st gear and won't shift. I had charged the auxiliary battery at Autozone in hopes to fix it myself.. it didnt (I read that this is one of the most common reasons what causes the limp mode). In the process I  switch the cables backwards so it triggered the battery light. I towed it to the shop and asked them diagnose and fix the issues. After diagnosing they said I need to replace the auxiliary battery and clear the light/codes and then they can see why transmission is not shifting. Quoted me $215 for the battery and programming. I went & picked it up at the dealers ($115) and asked a Mercedes mechanic whether an auxiliary battery needs to be programmed or not. He said never. If the code/light is still on just reset it with an OBD scanner (which I do have) and that's it.. I told the guys at CARS that. They said 'No no.. he doesn't know what he's talking now about we still need to charge you $50 for programming'. OK no problem, do it. You never want to argue with the guy that is about to fix your car or cook your meal. They called me & said transmission is bad. At least $3500-4000 ($800 labor) to replace it. I know enough for a case this big to get at least a second opinion. So I went to Doctor Benz (a shop that specializes in Mercedes cars) and described the problem. He raised a red flag: if they are charging for diagnosing they should at least tell you what exactly is wrong in the transmission. In this particular car you almost never change the whole transmission. He wanted $200 to open the transmission and see what's wrong & that's used towards the total if I decided to fix it with him. With worst case scenario $2000 total if the module is bad (most of which is labor @ $125 an hour). As I left from there literally the next building there's a transmission shop so I just stopped by to get a third opinion. He repeated the same thing but he was going to diagnose it for free! So I towed the car to his shop to find out that CARS didn't even clear the battery codes. They sure charged me for it! That's because it wasn't the battery, it was just a damn fuse!! Once we replaced the fuse the code cleared. Two replaced batteries for absolutely no reason!  I also called LKQ to check for the price of another transmission and see how reasonable is CARS with that $3500-4000 quote. LKQs price for a transmission with 61k miles $1450. With 100k miles, $1150. Now to be fair I do get discounts on parts at some places but not a $2000 discount ( a few hundred the most)!I gave the second star because they all have a friendly attitude & advised that since I already replaced the fuel cap the next thing to do was to replace the purge valve. That fixed the fuel cap problem.
5	Best shop I've ever been to!We have a VW TDI that I have always taken to the VW dealership for any and all service. About a week ago I just had issues with the cooling system and a hose blew. The dealership fixed it and charged me of course $600 - which is no surprise, they love money. So I drove to Vegas from Phoenix to have an early Thanksgiving with some friends, and the newly repaired car was over heating on the way. It was a Friday night and Saturday morning I got a referral to bring it to Cars. I brought my car in and the guys were so friendly. They looked it over, said a few things need to be replaced, called around for the part and no one in town had it. It was being ordered from California. I had to leave it till the following Tuesday. There was nothing they could do. Tuesday comes, I pick up my car and it was still having some issues (they thought the problem was solved). Brought it back Wednesday morning and those guys worked on it all day just so I could get back home to phoenix for Thanksgiving. They didn't even charge me another dime! Moe and his team was baffled by the issues my car was having and felt so bad they couldn't get it totally figured out, but they did their best to get it right and get me on my way. I made it home thanks to them!!If I am ever in Vegas again I will be sure to stop in get any repairs needed done by them. They are honest and friendly, unlike any dealership I have ever been to. Thanks guys for everything!
5	Took my boyfriend's car here after getting a quote from multiple other places on some semi-major repair work. Our experience here was great. Amazing service. Quick, cheap, and quality work. They tell you exactly the way it is and won't try to add on unnecessary services. Highly recommend them for all your car needs.
5	eddie & armando are #legit!!!! and of course mo!!!!  honest , fast and quality work.. i really appreciate these guys!! i wont go anywhere else.
5	Guys at Cars NV are awesome heard nothing but great things about the shop.  Brought my Mkv Gti in because the check engine light was on and the car was running sluggish.  They located the problem and fixed it quickly and for a great price!  My Gti runs so good now!  Pulls like a freight train again.  What really won me over about Cars NV was the amazing customer service & price.  Thank you Cars NV crew for the great service and experience see you guys next month for my timing belt/water pump install.
5	I haven't gotten any work done here yet, but I've talked to Eddie on the phone and he is extremely knowledgeable, helpful, and honest. Looking forward to bringing my ride here next time.
5	Best shop in town! The guys at CARS don't just work on cars, they live and breath cars. Check out their Instagram page. They are an honest and fair shop and have always been great to me. I am confident in them that what they say needs to get done does. Many times they have told me something doesn't need to get done yet that I have asked them to check on. They aren't just a business; they are a family that loves what they are doing. They always stand behind the work they do.  Keep up the good work guys!
5	These guys are amazing.  You can trust them and they will always do the right thing.  They have years of knowledge.  Very professional place, definitely check them out
5	I went to CARS Complete Auto Repair Specialists on the day before Christmas at noon, after we identified one head light not working one night earlier.  I crashed both doors at the right side on my van a few days earlier, but prepared to fix that only after I finished my trip and backed to San Jose. My broken light made me worrying if my body problem also damaged some electrical circuits at my car.  The guy in this garage is very nice to comfort me. After some check, he told me that I only got a bad light bulb, changed it for me, and only charged me with less than $15.  I really appreciated that he did not cheat me in such a good opportunity. He also did my job in good pace without rush at the afternoon before Christmas, with earning almost no money. I was embarrassed to be his last customer to delay him on enjoying Christmas eve.   Recommend this repair shop to anyone needs a car fix.
1	Will write when the nightmare is over!!!
