5	Waiting for Arrogant Butcher to open, my patience was low, apprehension was high, and excitement was through the roof. Finally, the day has come when it was mine to try. Fox Concepts are hit and miss with me, as some of the ones I love are super cheesy (Olive and Ivy, Modern Steak, Bloom), and some that I don't love are ones that are extremely popular (Sauce, Blanco, and Zinburger.)What sets Arrogant Butcher apart from the rest is it is the first downtown Phoenix restaurant that Fox RC has put out there. I'm sure they are nervous, and you can tell that from the design of the restaurant... it's much smaller than normal like they are testing the waters, yet in other ways it excels in the money spent meter. Three beautiful private dining rooms, a chef's counter facing the exhibition kitchen which they spared no expense on, and a great four sided bar in the middle. The atmosphere is a definite throwback to the 40's and 50's, which is nice considering you can't find that in many places downtown. It's truly a feel of an old tavern and restaurant. Arrogant Butcher went out of their way to support local. Almost all of the beers on the tap as well as on the bottle list are Arizona breweries, there are pictures all over the restaurant of historic Phoenix landmarks and famous people, and they have done a great job of engaging the street with the patio and entrance. Yup, Sam Fox, the guy who is building a national empire of restaurants, brought downtown Phoenix a place that gives a nice sense of community.As for the food, all apprehensions were set aside when the bowl of mussels in wine sauce with spicy pork shoulder, roasted grape tomatoes, and french fries came to the table. The dish was outstanding and had me wishing I could drink the broth. My main course of the crab stuffed chicken, served cordon blue style, with myers lemon and capers was also a very well executed dish. It was served with sauteed spinach underneath which I ate ridiculously quick. Other items on the menu sounded great, and AB offers a list of meats and cheeses, as well as a daily special that rotates weekly, and a nice array of sandwiches and salads for lunch. The desserts are fantastic as well, especially the peanut butter cup dessert, which is not served the way you would think it is, and includes cookies for dipping. So no, this restaurant is not a locally owned, mom and pop style place, but rather it is a restaurant with a formula that is crowd pleasing, set in a location that could really use something of it's type, with the power to draw people in by the numbers. My biggest impression? on the first dinner service night, there were absolutely no hiccups in service. Our waitress, bussers, and drink people were all absolutely spot on. Keep it coming, Arrogance.
4	I had the opportunity to take part in Arrogant Butcher's preview lunch and I was totally impressed with the restaurant's design and the staff's performance. The service in particular was nothing short of spectacular, especially considering the size of the event and the Downtown notables in attendance (Mayor Gordon, City higher-ups, media). I love the Butcher's view of US Airways Center and Chase Field and its vantage point will only improve if the city can just find a way to utilize that awful parking lot across from the basketball arena. With business reemerging in the warehouse district and baseball season fast approaching, things are definitely looking up for those blocks of Downtown.Anyway, back to the Butcher. The entrees were well-received. I found my pastrami sandwich on pretzel bread to be way too salty, but I figure I made my own bed ordering cured meat on a pretzel. The crab cake salad, stew, jambalaya, roasted chicken and salmon plates all received enthusiastic thumbs up from our table and the desserts (cheesecake and chocolate cake cups) were delicious.The bar is a huge square with heavy stone counters, plenty of seating and flatscreens, insuring that the Butcher will be a popular happy hour and pregame destination. There's also a wraparound patio.Prices seemed friendly, too. I'm not a Fox RC devotee but could see myself becoming a regular at Arrogant Butcher.
4	We were fortunate to be invited to the soft opening at the Butcher.  Wait staff was exceptionally attentive and whatever we ordered was complimented by another similar item off the 'brunch' lunch menu (by 'accident' of course, but you know they were seeking more input on the recipes).Started with a mimosa and coffee, both fresh and aromatic.  Fresh squeezed OJ for the mimosa, a nice surprise. Sampled the cinnamon toast: fresh in-house made rustic bread with nooks and crannies that would make any Thomas' english muffin jealous.  A perfect combination of butter, brown sugar and cinnamon to cover those flavorful bread curves.  Not too sweet so it may not meet your taste buds if you have conditioned by the the overly sugared American fare.  Toasted just right but the plate was a bit cool, so get to them right away while still warm.  They brought out a plate of cinnamon toast with almonds that was just as tasty.Smoked salmon benne style followed as one entree and sausage & egg baguette the other.  A third entree of bacon egg and cheese  with avocado on a soft roll also arrived as a 'mis-order' that we had to try as well.The smoked salmon (in-house smoked) was light, flavorful and cooked before sandwiched between a perfect poached egg (yoke soft but not runny).  Eggs Benedict done exceptionally well.  The plate could have been larger to display this elegant compilation.  The sausage flavor made the baguette, bringing a savory spice to the eggs and peppers, as well as slightly soaking the inner layer of the baguette with juices.  Not like as mightily as say a Mr Beef in Chicago or Luke's here, but enough to grant your senses a pleasant reminder of au jour times.And while not on the same field as the other plates, the bacon egg & cheese on a soft roll was nicely executed. All the plates came with a side of potatoes delicately fried.  The potatoes were light and clean in taste but perhaps could have been kicked up with red pepper or cajenne to clarify the kosher salt. A S'mores latte served as the dessert finish.  A fun, original and witty drink presented with chocolate and spices melted over the soft marshmellows.enough said, we will be 'checkin-in' sooner than later.
4	I love living downtown, I'm not gonna lie.  And as a benefit, we got invited to a free brunch today at the lastest Sam Fox extravaganza, The Arrogant Butcher, at CityScape.Sweet Pea and our two neighbors rsvp'd yes right away when the invitation for a free brunch came in our mailboxes, although the invitation was scant on details, and we were not sure what to expect.  Was there a price limit?  Drinks included?  We didn't know, we didn't really care.  Always up to discover a new restaurant downtown, we took the rail and settled in to a large, cushy booth for an adventure.This place is the place I think will give Hanny's a run for it's money.  It's not as chic as Hanny's, no.  It's got that open kitchen, central bar kind of big city vibe.  This is a restaurant that you could be at in Seattle, San Francisco, New York.  The cool thing about Fox Restaurants is that they each do have their own unique concept, and this is no different.We all ordered our drinks and perused the menu.  Breakfast served all day, from french toast (they gave us a taste and it's incredible- I think it's coated in Panko breadcrumbs) to egg sandwiches to oatmeal.  Lunches with your burgers, sandwiches, salads.  Dinner, with your meats and your pastas.  Let's start with the drinks: a bloody Maria with tequila instead of vodka (I'm a sucker for hot), a Bellini, a regular Bloody Mary, and a Bacon Bloody.  I loved my Maria.  You could taste the tequila in a good way, and it was spicy enough for even me.  Sweet Pea was so-so on his regular bloody although I tasted it and found it to be standard, but good standard.  K-dawg loved her Bellini which I tasted and found to be just eh, although pretty large.  And B$ liked his bacon bloody but found it to be too much bacon flavor for even him, and said he wouldn't be ordering it again.Now, the food.  We started off with the pretzels and fondue (incredible- do order) and cheese with bread and jam, which was your standard cheese plate although the jam was fresh and delicious.  I got the egg sandwich with egg, cheese, and avocado sans the bacon on an onion bun, and regrettably, they brought it out the first time with bacon.  I chalk that up to pre-opening kinks.  K-dawg ordered the turkey reuben which I must say looked great and she absolutely raved over, with fries which I tasted and were fresh cut and tasty.  B$ had some sort of burrito which he deemed bland even after showering in tabasco.  Sweet Pea had the eggs and bacon, which he said was "standard".  Now, he later also had some sort of fruit and yogurt which he raved over.  There were some additional kinks with the meal, from forgotten condiments, to forgotten side dishes, etc.  However, the manager came out and said she'd heard about the issues and gave us coupons for buy one, get one free brunch.  Which is pretty cool since it was all free.  You put up with some level of issue when you're getting a free meal, after all!  And let's get to that.  I said we didn't know what to expect.  Well, you know what?  After several alcoholic drinks and at least one bfast plus appetizers for each of us, the ENTIRE BILL WAS FREE.  $120 worth.  OK Butcher, you've got me.  I'm coming back.
5	My entire experience was phenomenal. The pork and beans were slow cooked and fell right off the bone. The scallops were perfection and our service was exceptional. I have never had a dessert as original as the peanut butter cup in a long time. All in all this was a great experience!!
3	I attended the soft-opening and the atmosphere is an A.  It had a sort of old fashioned modern chop house feel and a very unique menu; however, the food was extremely rich and very salty.  I notice most of the Fox Restaurant foods always leave me thirsty for days.The house soft pretzels and provolone fondue was really good.  The grilled swordfish with arthichokes was also extremely good but way too salty as was the ribeye my boyfriend ordered.  Service was great, especially for a soft opening.  I will definitely give brunch a try in the near future but probably will only visit for the atmosphere, appetizers and cocktails in the future.
5	Walking into Arrogant Butcher will instantly increase your swank level by at least 25.6%, seriously. This modern chophouse by Sam Fox puts a sexy spin on nouveau-nostalgic, and trendy flair on classic American fare in typical Fox fashion. Plus it's located in the heart of downtown Phoenix which is on the verge of a full blown revival, and right on the lightrail which makes it terribly convenient for anyone who lives in the area. The handcrafted cocktails were quite impressive. I'm all over house made mixers,  vintage spirits, and super fresh ingredients that translate into something really sublime in every sip. Don't miss the bourbon infused 'Candlestick Maker', and if you're in the mood for something sensational and eclectic look no further than the heavenly gin and chartreuse laced cocktail dubbed 'The Last Word'. Indeed.For the soft-opening we attended the service was spot on, actually more like exceptional. And the food they served up followed closely behind. We sampled the mussels in wine sauce with spicy pork shoulder with pomme frites (that's fancy for french fries), crab stuffed chicken, skirt steak and grilled swordfish with artichokes hearts.  Although slightly salty, and somewhat expected... it was still  flavorful,  delicious, and very satisfying. Yes, Fox is a somewhat of local restaurant giant and Arrogant Butcher does have a decidedly chain vibe to it. But why so serious, downtown/midtown/cenpho elitist diner? It's a chain vibe in the best sense of the term. It really was an overall a fantastic and festive experience! Definitely joining the ranks of lively new downtown establishments I plan to frequent often. Look for me at the bar, cocktail in hand, swag in full effect. Thank you very much.
5	Ask for Chip ... it's really like going to Disneyland, except it's restaurant.  Great, knowledgable service, good food ... fun times.
5	FINALLY!!! Downtown has a flagship restaurant. There are many fantastic restaurants downtown, don't get me wrong, but to me, The Arrogant Butcher now reigns supreme. The service was attentive and friendly, and they all looked sharp in their white shirts and skinny black ties. I'm a fan of Fox's other restaurants and have always been impressed with the food. I had Toast, which was some kind of bread from heaven covered in brie and apples and something else delicious. Then for 6 bucks I got a beer and a shot of Jim Beam. Best happy hour downtown?? I think so. The location couldn't be better. The patio is a fantastic addition to downtown streets. Now the city needs to develop those hideous empty lots across the street. Inside is open and airy with some areas for private parties and a huge bar. I could go on and on about how awesome the Arrogant Butcher is. (How I love the name!!) It's modern, masculine, urban, unique, and such a welcome addition to downtown Phoenix.
5	Just returned from The Arrogant Butcher with my husband. WOW! Great food (the ribs special was BEYOND fabulous), drinks, atmosphere and service was exceptional.
4	Hey Everyone.....had dinner there last night, 2/26.LOVED IT..The restaurant itself, very downtown urban modern, clean, bathrooms were spotless at the time of my visit.Reading other reviews there were several mentions of the Pretzels w/ the Fondue.  C'mon...pretzels and cheese, what's not to love.  This appetizer didn't disappoint, pretzels were hot and fresh, didn't have that 'just thawed' taste, the cheese sauce AWESOME!   We also had the white shrimp from the raw bar.  At $3 dollars a piece i thought was a little pricey, with that said they were terrific.  HUGE, plump and fresh, the taste was truly great.  My only bad thing to say about the shrimp was the 'shell on', had i thought to ask i would have asked that they peel the shrimp before brining it out.  It's a personal pet peeve of mine of having to take the shells off shrimp.  For out main meal we shared the Saturday night special which was baby back ribs and the grilled swordfish.  The swordfish was served with some kind of barely side dish, VERY good, the fish was terrific, would definitely get this again.  We were split on baby back ribs. They had a heavy char on them, which i loved my friend wasn't crazy about them but said they had a good flavor.  The meat literally fell off the both with almost no effort at all.The service was very very good, our server Steph M, was very attentive w/o being intrusive, which can sometimes be a fine line.  Our drinks were NEVER empty, which is HUGE, we tend to drink a lot of iced tea while we eat.On a side note, they have signs pointing for parking for the restaurant.  A sign at the exit of the elevators would be a great help.  Can't wait to go back.....i hope this place makes it!Ciao everyone!
5	Loved it!!! Great food, drinks, and service.
4	Love the selection of cheese and charcuterie to start. and the olives are delicious as well. They have some tasty and creative house drink options. i go for anything that contains whiskey, so i was happy. The entrees were a good size, a fair price, and tasty. And the blueberry cheesecake dessert was delicious. Thanks for the fun meal!
5	Absolutely delicious! Went and had the mussels w/ frites as an appetizer. I don't usually even like mussels, and I think I've fallen in love with these. I couldn't stop eating them--and the sauce, oh the sauces was amazing. Ask for some bread to soak up the sauce, you won't regret it. I had the ribeye as an entree, and if you like your ribeye with some flavor, char, and a slight caramelization, this is the place. It was tender, juicy, and fantastically scrumptious. Lastly, I had the hot chocolate cake. It was good, not great but good. I should have known better, I mean, its chocolate cake--nothing special. I will be coming back Arrogant Butcher. You've stolen my heart and wallet.
5	Pretzel Fondu is a must.  Besides the fact that I keep calling the place, "The Arrogant Bastard" instead of Butcher- I just love the name.I had the fish and chips, which were pretty spectacular, not greasy, but perfectly fried and crisp with a ton of flavor.  The setting is excellent, the ambience is relaxed and plentiful.  Just lots of space and coolness to it.They have private "meeting room" dining areas too that closes off to the rest of the restaurant.  This is something that is needed downtown for the many private lunches that take place.The bathrooms were really fantastic too- user friendly, I like that about a restroom.  Big flat-screens above the bar area too, which is good for the evening crowd.  I can't wait to get back!
4	Seeking great food in dwntwn location and found it.  Service was enthusiastic and eager to please.  They seemed to genuinely be excited for their product and guide customers to a meal that would please.Menu was expected but had amazing twists and was delicious!
4	went for breakfast and and although the selection was a bit limited, the food was great.  i had the cajun breakfast burrito and french toast; of which both were amazing.  service was friendly, and loved the atmosphere.  i have yet to try lunch or dinner so cant give 5 stars just yet.  too bad they are not open for sunday brunch....they might just give Local Breeze some competition if they did.
4	This will end up being the dowtown HH place.  (at least until the wine bar or vodka bar opens up).  Already getting busy at lunch and dinner I'm happy to say that it is dong a brisk HH service.  Love the fact that they are unpretensious and are happy to service an excellent cheese plate along with giant pretzels accompanied by velvetta cheese dipping sauce.  The drinks are yummy and at HH they are four dollars.  A steal anywhere but especially downtown.  You can get outdoor seating on the patio or inside which is architecturally interesting.  Mix of cafe meets industrial, meets dark woods.  I adore it.
4	I really enjoyed my first visit to AB.  Nice decor and friendly staff.  The weather was nice so we sat outside.I had the turkey pastrami sandwich with a side of cole slaw.  It made for a great lunch.I'd like to stop in here again when I'm downtown.
4	I thought the meat and cheese appetizer platter was delicious. The prosciutto was absolutely delicious as well as the different cheeses. The atmosphere was fun and friendly - very busy - with lots of people laughing and having a great time. I ordered the salmon entree. The salmon was cooked will and topped with sweet apples and pine nuts. Perfect portion to fill you up but not feel too full. Halibut fish and chips was delicious as well. Would definitely recommend.
5	I dropped by here on a Tuesday night after a Suns game.  The place still has a new car scent, seriously, but no worries.  The deconstructed mod decor was slick, the special dining rooms are a nice touch.         The pretzel fondue, apparently a Fox Concepts staple, was fantastically indulgent and delish.  So too were the steamed mussels and chorizo, make sure you get some bread to with it and soak up the broth!  The wine list was simple and straight forward, the selections good.       The staff was a crack squad, perhaps a little over attentive, but that's honestly not a bad thing.  The manager, Ashley, came by and offered suggestions and was wonderfully helpful.       I need to return for an entree, as soon as possible!
4	I checked this place out for brunch on Sunday with some friends before a show at the Herberger. First impression: the space is funky, cool and inviting, and the booths are really comfortable! The menu reminded me of the menu at Culinary Dropout; American food with a twist! The brunch menu has few breakfast sandwiches, french toast, and some other egg dishes as well as some of the lunch menu. We started off with the Pretzels and Provolone Fondue....I have had it at Culinary Dropout, and it is just as good....warm and comforting. I wasn't really sure what I wanted to eat, but I ended up going with the bacon, egg, cheese and avocado breakfast sandwich...and YUM...I picked well! I have an issue with eggs lots of times, but these were perfect, made even more perfect by being covered in melted cheese, creamy avocado and crisp bacon on a soft, homemade roll. The breakfast potatoes that came on the side were a nice surprise (they weren't listed on the menu) and cooked until golden and crisp. I wish they offered this sandwich 7 days a week, because I would eat it for lunch or dinner anytime! My friends had the egg white wrap (which she devoured), the French toast that was served with jelly and cream in the cutest little jar and the fruit salad which was mixed with yogurt. We all really enjoyed our food, and the fun cocktails too, I had The Pink Drink....and it was STRONG! The menu also has a cold bar of oysters, lobsters and many other delicious sounding items. I think this is a cool place and the food is good, but I don't think I would go if I wasn't already going to be downtown for another event because you have to deal with parking in the garage and all that goes with it, and that is just something us AZ people are not fans of. But with that being said, I need to find something to do downtown so that I can visit again soon!
5	Date of visit: 03/14/11(I joined YELP just to write a review for this place!)OMG... I love this place. The food was great. Just what you would expect from a FOX restaurant. Being downtown is a big plus. The staff was helpful and Lauren was a great server. Ask for her when you go in. The Kitchen staff was great. This was my second time at The Arrogant Butcher, so I decided to sit at the salad bar to watch the kitchen staff at work( Lauren was not in, but Chip was great too)...Sitting at the bar you really get to see the workings of a kitchen. Watching the slicer for our charcuterie in action was really awesome, made by Chef Austin. Our food came out in a timely manner, and was perfect. But what I really want to talk about is the desserts. I ordered a Peanut Butter Cup, it was amazing. I watched as it was made by Chef Ricardo, he was really quick and knew what he was doing. So, I decided to try the other desserts. I noticed they had replaced the Apple Fritters with a Salted Caramel Pudding. I liked the apple fritters, but this new dessert is even better. The caramel pudding is heaven in a glass jar( the idea is very inventive, I love it) Also the Blueberry cheesecake is really good as is the warm chocolate cake with caramel(my favorite mix), and they all come in the nifty cute jars. Chef Ricardo was very helpful as I spoke to him about the desserts. He said when he is not here he is usually hiding in the back baking something. He stated it was a team effort and he loves his team in the pastry department and the rest of the kitchen.  I highly recommend The Arrogant Butcher,especially for desserts. And if you can, sit at the salad bar and watch them at work. Ricardo is hidden by the beautiful black slicer.
4	I ordered a simple chopped salad for dinner Wednesday evening at around 7:00 PM.  The dish was delicious and the staff was attentive.
3	I caught up with my girl for happy hour at this spanking new restaurant and since it was a beautiful day outside we chatted it up outside. From what I saw the place was filled with a young professional crowd and a sprinkle of folks that were in town for a convention. I had a glass of chardonnay and the pretzel bites with cheese fondue...I was surprised something so simple could be sooo good! I will def. be back so I can dine inside and eat off of the regular menu.
3	This is a tricky one. AB is a really cool looking spot, really nice decor and ambiance, comfy booths, it even smells like a new car.My group was greeted promptly by smiling hosts, and seated in a nice booth. Drink orders were placed, and when our margaritas arrived, they were really, really off and tasted terrible. Even after stirring, and thinking positive thoughts- they just were off- not sweet enough, and didn't taste good. Our server was cool and he swapped them out for other stuff. My replacement drink was a Polish Fizz, and it was perfect. Highly recommended.For an app we went with the pretzel fondue, thanks to Yelpers who recommended it. As advertised, it was delicious, and I recommend it. For lunch I had the fish and chips, and my friend had some salad. The fish and chips were very tasty, but the price point, for the portion I got- just didn't compute. Three pieces of fish (think chicken tender size) and a small portion of fries, along with a small side of overly vinegared cole slaw. Again, the food was good, but you definitely don't get what you pay for. I understand the concept of smaller portions, euro style, etc. but for a bar food staple? I wasn't looking for a Costco serving of anything, but either bump up portion size, or drop the price from $16 to $11.50.I really liked our server, but for some reason as things went on, he was more and more absent. To be fair, we had a really difficult person that joined us, some of the stuff this person said made me want to pull my hair out, so I feel his pain.Anyway, AB is a very attractive spot that might be great for drinks and app. but for this price point, I would hit Durant's, Hillstone, or Beckett's Table. It's nice to leave a spot feeling that you got your monies worth, and that just doesn't happen here.
3	Based on only one lunch visit although not perfect I would rate 4 stars for food but considering and factoring price I think 3 stars is accurate . We started with the pretzel fondue , it is large and enough for four people so the $9 is fair and it did taste good but neither me or my companion tasted provolone cheese in the sauce , the cheese sauce tasted like grilled American cheese and butter and the color was same as orange American cheese . The pretzels were fresh and somewhat rich . We saw our order being ran out to another table , we knew it was ours and then we saw it go back to the open kitchen and a few minutes latter it came back to us and you enjoy your food slightly less when you see it sit in front of people you don't know . My companion ordered the beef short rib stew with green chili's and corn bread . The stew with packed with big chunks of very tender tasty meat but instead of corn bread a tortilla was given . I had the chopped salmon salad and was surprised that the fish was a smoked fish and I think the menu should have said that and I do wonder if we didn't order the pretzel fondue if I would have received a roll or fancy cracker with my ($13) salad bread or cracker didn't come with it . My salad was an Above Average Salad instead of the normal mix of greens the base of salad was marinated Kale and the other components of the salad were roasted cauliflower , currants and Marcona Almonds dressed perfect not too much . For my taste I would have preferred the cauliflower roasted crispy and maybe one other component to cut the rich fish and moist cauliflower . approx $45 (before tip) soda , ice tea pretzel fondue , beef stew , salad (lunch time)
4	So on a spur of the moment trip with my family (to see Basketball-March Madness) in Tucson, we stopped at the Arrogant Butcher in Pheonix. We were lucky enouhg to get a table after a short wait. The food was amazing. One of us has the Halibut Fish and Chips and it was as good as it gets. I had the most amazing Kale salad with almonds and currants that rocked my world. I also had crab cakes, pan seared not deep fried. Super fresh. We all loved our food, the house wines were really good. So why not a five star rating? Our waiter, he was arrogant. He took the name of the restuarant to heart. Which is crazy 'cuz its really loud and laid back. He just was a lousy, judgemental waiter. Other than that I highly recommend this restuarant!
2	I think all the 5 star reviews are from people who work here, of which there must be 500.  Look at the trend all 5s then 2,3 and a few 4s.  I HATE that.First off, it bills itself as a steak/chop house or American Grill- whatever that is.  It is not a Steakhouse, despite have butcher in the name.Lets start with the ambiance:  Don't ever sit in the back room, it is so loud it is like trying to eat in a drum.  Also, what is up with the TV?  If I wanted to watch TV while I ate I would stay at home, or go to a sports bar.Next the service:  It sucked.  There must have been 20 Servers, yet service was slow and inattentive.  I know the place is new, but they did not even have a wine list printed.  When we asked for the wine list, they first said they did not have one.  Sitting in the back room, I could see the freaking bottles.  Then, they sent us the manager, who was clueless.  She then the Bar manager.  Who looked like he used word to type up what he thought he had.  He was knowledgeable about wine at least.   Other than that the servers were slow and did not know the menu well.Drinks:  My Dad ordered a Margarita, it was awful.  We complained to our server who sent over the Bar Manager.  The bar manager made him a second one, which was passable.  For that price it should have been great.  I ordered a draft IPA, they were out.  I got a 22 bottle it was good.  My mom got a 7 and 7, it was fine.   Now the Wine, WAY over priced.  An average markup is about double, it was triple or more here.  I.E. a $12 bottle at the store should be about $20-24 in a restaurant, it is $36+ here.No valueFood:  Meh at best.  The best part of the meal was the Cheese/meat plate.  Me and my Dad had the Ribeye.  The meat was drowned in a sweet sauce with mushrooms and cauliflower, I liked the Sauce, My dad did not.  But the sauce really over powered the steak.My mom had the Pork and Beans, she loved it.  All in all not the worst meal I ever had, but no value here.Dessert:  I would not know, I am allergic to Peanuts and True nuts, not a single desert was nut free.  My Mom had the peanut butter cup - she loved it.  Also, they had no dessert wines, or any after dinner drinks.Value:  $80 a person with food, wine, and drinks. I can think of many other places I could go and get a better meal for that price, or less! For example,  We had dinner at the Tuck shop the night before, the meal was great, and drinks and dinner was $80 Total!
4	Yet another delicious Fox restaurant.  Went here with co-worker for lunch.  We got some kind of delicious fritters and split the stew.  It was amazing -- and everything came in adorable colorful dishes.  I can't wait to go back
5	Amazing. The food is eclectic. The restaurant claims to be a steakhouse but they serve much, much more. Try anything from the "raw" menu, you won't be disappointed.If possible ask for Chip, he is attentive and very knowledgeable when it comes to the menu. We had so many questions about the items and he was very helpful making suggestion and recommendations.Very pleased with our visit! Will definitely be back.
3	3.5 stars. Fan of the appetizers: the salumi and the grilled asparagus. We had for entree the fish and chips and although the batter was quite good the fish didn't have a lot of flavor, we had to add a bit of lime to improve it.Other people in the group liked their entrees except for one beef entree that was too salty. The berries for dessert were outstanding. The ice cream was ok, the problem is they serve it in bowls that melt it really quick. The caramel dessert was again too salty.
5	I LOVED this place! Lovely atmosphere, friendly service and killer food!We split the House Soft Pretzels (house made) and Provolone Fondue, and it was perfect (in face, we couldn't get enough!) and Turkey Pastrami Sandwich, which was on a (house made) pretzel bun with coleslaw, swiss and a delightful mustardy sauce. Absolutely delish food! Can't wait to go back! Try it--you'll LOVE it!
5	My new favorite restaurant. I was in town visiting friends who live downtown and two nights in a row we went here for happy hour. I tried two happy hour drinks, The Mule and The Maid,  both were excellent. Happy hours prices seem decent to me.The only food we had was appetizers but the pretzel fondue is amazing. It is so good that we ordered it both nights. Bread and oil is good and so is the chicken pate.The real shining star of this restaurant has to be the service. We had several different people at our tables both nights and they were all super nice. The server from our first night even remembered us and came up to our table on the second night to talk to us.I swear I don't work here (I live in Vegas) but I felt compelled to review after reading some negative reviews. Come for happy hour before a game, but come early The Arrogant Butcher is popular and the bar fills up.
3	Hmm-Didn't love it, didn't hate it. I was indifferent.I like the decor and if I could give it a half a star just for having an outdoor dining area, I would.The menu left a lot to be desired for me. We went at lunch time so I don't know what the dinner menu looks like.It was just ok. Nothing blew me away. It's nice for people watching and has a really nice location.
4	Went with a colleague for lunch. You need to make a reservation, yes, even for lunch. There was a line outside but it was quick and we got seated right away. Staff was friendly. Waiter was attentive. We got our food right away. We both ordered the salmon kale salad (it's not on the online menu) and it was good. Good size bowl of very bright green leaves, healthy looking. Got good chunks of smoked salmon and Marconi almonds. The cauliflower was well blanched. I can see why it was $15 - satisfying number of almonds and salmon, good size portion. I'd order it again. We also ordered the montchevre and another soft cheese and the prosciutto. The crusty bread was good, with a touch of their mustard and the prosciutto - yummy. Bread with the montchevre and a hint of raspberry jam. Another winner. The only bad thing was we couldn't have wine with the good food - have to go back to office. Great vibe, nice place to people watch. I had ordered the salmon appetizer and the pretzel fondue at another occasion. The fondue was ok - nothing special but the pretzel was very good (soft in middle, nice chewy crust). The salmon appetizer was better - good combo of salmon, capers, diced tomatoes and the crusty bread was perfect. Somebody else recommended the stew - I'll have to try that next time. Good experience. Would recommend.
3	I'm not giving up on this restaurant, and neither should you, but a follow-up experience wasn't so perfect as the first.I ordered the same sandwich (Turkey Pastrami) because I was dreaming of it, and unfortunately, it came on a regular bun, not the pretzel bun (that makes it) and the cook forgot to put the cole slaw on the sandwich, too. My husband had the fish sandwich and it was good but lacked the cheese that was supposed to be on it...The server was very good about correcting the issues and apologizing, but I was disappointed, nonetheless. Still, a huge lunch crowd dictates good food, and I'm definitely going back..and hoping for a repeat performance of perfect when I do...
4	This restaurant has been added to my favorite restaurants in Phoenix for sure. The decor is upscale but open and modern at the same time. I really like it. Big bar area, all the top shelf liquor you would want. They have a raw bar with oysters, crab legs, and shrimp. The salads are big and awesome. This place has PRETZELS with PROVOLONE CHEESE for a starter.  They are perfectly golden brown little pretzel bites with melted provolone cheese. Freakin YUM!!! I have to say with a name like the Arrogant Butcher I was expecting lots of big cuts of grilled meat like, pork, beef, lamb, veal, fish etc, and the menu was disappointing in that area. I did go there for lunch so maybe the dinner menu has these things. I asked and our waiter said they do have more entrees on the dinner menu but did not specify, but that's OK cause we will be back to find out anyway. My girlfriend and I shared the Beef Stew and the Chicken Club Sandwich. I'll put it this way, the Beef Stew was probably one of the best things I have ever put in my mouth. Oh my god, so much flavor, green chilies, huge pieces of tender steak. I have dreamed about this stuff since i went last week. This is another must get on there menu, $15 and worth every penny!!! The Chicken sandwich was good. Thick piece of chicken, thick bacon, Swiss, and the fixin's. I liked it alot. We are so going back for dinner!!!
5	I loved everything about this restaurant! The food was delicious, great ambiance and friendly service. We came on a Friday night and the place was packed. I would recommend making reservations because we did have to wait awhile for a table. ( side note- there was no waiting on the patio but the patio is right in the middle of the foot traffic for the game at US Airways. While this is very downtown I feel like people are gawking at me while I eat. Or maybe I feel that way because I can't help myself from staring at other people to see what they are eating...)We started out by ordering some drinks. I had the skinny raspberry mojito and my husband had the maid in mexico. Both drinks were really good. I loved my drink so much I vowed I would try to copy it and make it every day. Our service was very friendly and efficient and I felt like the staff knew the menu well. My husband ordered the grilled swordfish and I had the Friday night special the king crab cioppino.The swordfish was cooked perfectly but the very best thing by far was the King crab cioppino. Our waiter said they almost always sell out of it on Fridays.  The broth was so delicious and it was loaded with scallops, king crab, mussels, some sort of pasta, and some other delicious seafood. It was a big enough portion that two people could easily split it. It comes with some bread so you could soak up the broth. If you come here on a Friday night I highly recommend you try the King crab cioppino.
4	I don't have a big review for this place cause I only stopped in for a couple drinks one night after a suns game, but the atmosphere definitely made me want to return for a meal.
3	I went to dinner 3/19/2011 before the symphony.  We had a reservation and, when we arrive at 6pm, the place was already filling up, which I'm glad to see for a downtown location on a Saturday night.  We started with the pick-your-own meat and cheese tray.  With just a few selections, it can get pricey for an appetizer, but it was a reasonable portion of meat and cheese, and presented nicely with preserves and toasted bread.  I started with The Polish Fix cocktail, which basically tasted like lemonade with a kick and crushed raspberries.  Absolutely awesome, went down very easily.  The menu seemed all over the map - casual fare like fish and chips, a few items on a raw bar, sloppy joes, steaks, salmon, pork and beans?  I just could not discern any theme or direction for it all.  Also, we got conflicting information from the servers - the first one telling us the evening's special was short ribs, the second one clarifying it was baby back ribs (not the same thing, at all).  I had the skirt steak, which came on top of an amazing mix of fingerling potatoes and a thick cut bacon, and topped with fresh green beans.  Everything was cooked well, seasoned well, and tasted amazing.  We shared the peanut butter cup dessert, which was weird but worked - a peanut butter creamy base (very thin, not at all like a pudding or mousse, basically the texture of melted ice cream), with a scoop of chocolate gelato and peanut butter cookies on the side.  With a shared appetizer, two entress, one cocktail, 4-5 glasses of wine, and shared dessert, the tab was $180.  A little expensive for a pretty casual dinner, but I would probably go back.  Minor pet peeve - the server had been pretty good about checking in and then went MIA when it was time to get the bill, pay and leave.  This generally drives me nuts, but particularly in the evening downtown, when so many customers are trying to get to a game, concert, etc.  Just let us give you our money and go, ok?
5	I just had a great experience at the Arrogant Butcher. First, the waitstaff was friendly and attentive. We started with drinks and an order of the soft pretzels with cheese fondue. The pretzels are freshly made nuggets of perfection -- golden brown saltiness on the outside and tender on the inside. The cheese was the perfect match of savory creaminess. My coworkers ordered the steak, while I opted for the green chile pork stew. The stew is presented in a covered bowl with a side of homeade cornbread. Lift the lid and the beatiful stew, topped with a fried egg is revealed. My only regret is not having enough room for the warm peanut butter cup dessert. I'm only in town for a week, but I'm already planning a return visit.
5	Amazing ambiance, a class act bar, and delicious appetizers! Can't wait to go again, oh and the waitress we had was amazing! Ask for Marlo, and go see Stephanie at the bar =)
5	First off, I would like to let all the haters know I am NOT an Arrogant Butcher employee or an employee of Fox Concepts.  That being said,  I went to AB last week and was pleasantly surprised.  I love downtown Phoenix and keep hoping it'll start getting more popular down there.  The ambience is great and love the decor.  Boyfriend had fish & chips which I know is hard to mess up but it was honestly the BEST fish & chips I've ever had (better than any I had in England).  I had the swordfish w/ barley.  The swordfish was cooked perfectly and I loved the tiny kick in the seasoning.  The entrees were wonderful, but the best part of the whole meal was the blueberry cheesecake!  It comes in a jar and is not ordinary cheesecake but AB's version is soooooo good.  I wanted another!Service was amazing and food came out in a timely manner.  I don't like when restaurants make their uniforms "unisex" because the poor girls always end up looking so manly.  Let the girls wear something a little more flattering!!I have been to several Fox places and I couldn't help but notice a lot of copy-catting from other menus.  My only wish for AB would be that they created more of their own entrees/appetizers.
4	I totally agree with the other yelpers about how Phoenix really needs more places like this.  I love the sidewalk patio dining and cool downtown location.There was a large selection of food from oysters on the half shell to artisan cheeses to fish and chips to steak to popcorn shrimp.  With such lack of culinary focus one might think mediocrity would come with every dish, but I happily report not.  We had oysters, skirt steak, bread and roasted vegetables, and some small assorted plates.  Everything was fantastic.The combination of urban patio, eclectic menu, and great service make for a fun meal.  The one complaint I have is the price.  It's quality food but I did feel a little taken.  For instance, a draft beer was nearly $6 (I see it as an index since beer, even when hand crafted, is like the cheapest stuff on earth).  Anyway, it loses one star for the gouge but people with deeper pockets and looser fingers may add the star back.
4	First time at Arrogant Butcher. I was there for lunch and impressed with the menu. I will have to come back and try their raw bar, cheeses, meats, and apps! I ordered the Turkey Pastrami with fries. It was soooo good! The meat was seasoned to perfection. The fries tasted and looked home made. They also put some sauce on the sandwich that was killer, yum! Service: They have the right amount of people, now they just have to figure out the glitches. Nothing HUGE, just minor things I would have changed. (I use to be a server in college my days, so I have high expectations) One server though was odd, he kept saying weird things. I don't remember what the word was but he said it to everyone at my table. I didn't mind but my conservative co-worker was taken a back so it made me feel awkward. Def. coming back!
4	OooO, baby, you treat me so wellGivin' me that sloppy, juicy kind of nailMakin' me scream and yellOh! Turkey Sloppy Joe!You're my favorite type of HoeEven my friends can't say noTo your perfect, round tan bunsHide yo underage girls and sonsCZ "Joey" is far from being a NunTaste so good with that poblanoBut could be much spicier down lowThe type of caliente that makes you say, "Whoa"I think I'm in love with youAnd your turkey spewDripping on my tattoo
2	Okay so here's your review from a Chicagoan in town. I really wanted to like this place. Great name, great music playing and whoever designed the decor deserves a bonus. This place looks and sounds great. If I worked nearby this would be my local option for drinking. Staff are also pros and nice. Now let's get to the food. No joke, fire the chef. Not that the food is bad but it's just nothing specia i.e. bland. It sounds interesting but when it comes out you're like " eh thats it?" this place needs food that's WOW!! to match the rest of the package. Also you need to up the craft brew count.  For the record I had the rock shrimp appetizer - aka plain ole fried shrimp. And the beef rib stew - bland with very little meat and putting a fried egg on top didn't do much for the flavor either. Honestly the cornbread was the best part. Get a new chef and revamp the menu. Oh and they need a list of their hard liqour cause there's lots of bottles but only the bar manager knew what kind of scotch they had.
4	This was a fun place for lunch per the suggestion of my friend Jose from Portland. I had a Turkey Ruben on a pretzel style bun. Very flavorful. Coleslaw was really good with the apple pieces mixed in but I would have preferred it a little finer chop and a little juicier.My friend Jose had the split Pea soup and said it was good, but to me it looked too much like soup and not a thick traditional style split pea so just be prepared for that. Since they make their own bread pretzel type rolls there some bread and butter to dip in to the soup would have been a brilliant idea.The battered fish and chips (I assume it was beer battered cause it looked that way) looked awesome and I would probably try that next time.The atmosphere is cool and fun. American modern and comfortable.Loved it!
5	Arrogant Butcher is exactly what Downtown Phoenix has needed for awhile: a restaurant with a great atmosphere, yummy food, friendly staff and one that takes reservations! This afternoon, I dined here for lunch and was pleased from the get-go. I arrived a little bit before my fellow lunchers, so I put our name in. It must have been perfect timing because about ten minutes later, the place had a line out the door. So for note one, I say to come at off hours, so for example, come at 11:50 instead of 12. The atmosphere here is open, airy and fresh. I love the sidewalk patio and the windows so that even if you aren't eating outside, you can still experience the fresh air and outdoor feel. The bar is seated in the middle and I noticed several local brews on tap. I also noticed several tasty drinks such as a skinny berry mojito. Since it was the middle of the day on a Tuesday, I didn't get the chance to try it, but you better believe that I will definitely be back! Now let's move on to the food. Have you been to Culinary Dropout? If you answered yes, then you will be well familiar with this food. Sam Fox did an excellent job of mirroring the menu from his Scottsdale restaurant for the Arrogant Butcher. I saw that they have a similar Turkey Pastrami on the menu and I was told that the sweet potato tortellinis are to die for, more like dessert. Unfortunately, I personally didn't try either, but I did have the Grilled Chicken Tabbouleh with avocado added. It came in a rather large bowl and I will admit that I ate every last bite it was so good. The dressing is an Oregano vinaigrette and the salad is graced with grilled chicken, cucumbers, tomatoes, feta, almonds and a couple other secret ingredients they didn't list on the menu. After our "ladies who lunch" 'esque meal, the staff happily validated our parking (making my parking free!) and sent us on our way. As we walked out the doors, we were met with the carpenters union who decided that today was the day to protest, but that's what happens when you're in a real city right? And if that's the case, Downtown Phoenix...you are well on your way!This seems like the perfect spot to eat at before a game, especially since they accept reservations and they are across the street from the stadiums! I did overhear the hostess say that there aren't many tables that seat more than six, so if you are coming with a large party, you should probably call ahead to ensure seating. Bravo Sam Fox. Another job well-done.
4	Well Sam Fox your Arrogant Butcher made me a happy bitch! My hubby and I were downtown for a meeting that ended early so we took advantage and had a quiet dinner on a Thursday.  Let me say that the restaurant is very trendy looking, what I like to call classic Dallas.  I like the style of most of your places they are all inviting.  What I liked, it was a Thursday at 7:15 and with no reservations we had a table in minutes.  We were at an event with apps before hand, so we passed go and went straight for dinner.  Turkey sloppy joe is so good it should be in an Adam Sandler song! Love that roasted pepper on it.  Second, thank you for letting me substitute my cheese on the burger for cowboy creamery (which is indescribable).  Why your better than most, home-made chips and potato bread buns.  I also enjoyed the La Jota wine by the glass, was tasty with the burger.  Why I can't yet give you a five, servers need a bit more polish when the hubby doesn't eat cheese b/c he doesn't like it we are specific when ordering NO cheese.  If you don't write it down, you better get it right or should I say write. Hostesses need uniforms, they are cute and young but thier tiny skirts were making even them pull and tug at their own clothes.   Coleslaw is a little sweet, and I need to make another visit to check price point and some other items on the menu.  Overall, very excited about another visit and I love this location.
4	I've said it once I've said it a million times. I love (almost all) Fox Concepts. The Butcher is another delicous brain child that is a litte reminicent of Culindary Dropout. The fondue is the same at both places which is kind of sad, but other things on the menu really make up for it.  The foi gras was perfectly portioned and moderatly priced. The butternut squash salad was phenomonal. I highly recomment it!The ambience and decor are both very aethestheically pleasing.. especially with the open kitchen. The wine list is nice and the service was good too.
4	Ok, Yelp comes through once again. Saw all the recommendations on the peanut butter cup.  It was one of the best desserts I've had in a long time.  If you like peanut butter and chocolate, this is your dessert!  Now, let's back up a bit and go back to the beginning part of my meal.  I had the tabbouleh salad and crab stuffed chicken.  I guess we were all thinking in synch because everyone at my table ordered the same thing.  The only odd thing is that one of the 4 people had a slightly smaller chicken piece.  Other than that, the dinner was delicious.  We sat in the outdoor seating, but I stepped inside periodically to check out the eclectic decor inside.  Lots of big screen TVs everywhere for sports fans.  Service was a little slow at first. Meaning, it took forever for them to bring waters and the drink orders, but once they did the food arrived not long after. But, we were part of a large group so that may have been part of the reason.   I would say It is still a solid place to have dinner with a large group.
4	On the charcuterie menu happy little pots of mustard or chutney accompany salami and an assortment of other delicious cheeses. The evoo and balsamic dip with their fresh baked crusty bread were carbohydrate heaven. The atmosphere was bustling and hip, not ideal for a romantic evening but perfect for a delicious bite prior to a downtown event. Will definitely dine here again!
5	Hip atmosphere, great food, good portion sizes, and fantastic service.My drink was never empty for long.  There was a mixup with our fondue, so it was comped without us having to ask.The fondue was fantastic.  My wife had the pork and beans and she loved it.  The collard greens were tender and cooked to take on the flavor of the pork.  I had the baby back ribs which were tender and had a great smokey flavor without being too sweet.We finished our meal with a peanut butter cup.  The mouse was so sweet that the gelato almost tasted bitter!  A fantastic dessert, like nothing I've ever had.  I will try the hot chocolate cake next.We left satisfied, but not painfully full.
4	Fish and chip was delicious.  Nice place to eat before a game.
4	I recently dined with a large party.  They had a great room to accommodate our group!  It is nice to dine with so many people and TALK with each of the dinner guests. The staff was eager to please (took photos, made menu suggestions, recommended beers / wines...even swapped out the drinks if you didn't enjoy).  As I dined with a large group, we ate from a set menu...appetizers of bread, spreads and Italian meats were delicious.  The salads were good.  I was pleased with my choice of the crab stuffed chicken and even happier with the cheesecake for desert!
3	god I miss, the brady bunchcarol, mike, more than a hunchgreg and marcia, peter toojan & bobby, blonde cindy loo alice the maid, and her beausam, the butcher, who could throwdown meat puns, like no otherhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KqzSDKB9PpUand phoenix, now, we have anothersam the butcher,  sam the foxanother concept, out he trotslays it on us, we line upbut someone, somehow, must stand upand call a frikin' spade a spadeand sam, AB, don't make the grade sure you arrogantly builta fancy joint where others wiltone by one, downtown, it's truebut sam, you've got the oysters tospend your money, build a placeanchoring the cityscapejust wish you would have spent more doughor time on training, sam should knowwhat makes or breaks is often staffso here's my little sad staff rap....here you go AB, a Dfor service, sam, debaucherybungled, butchered, blatant, badacross the board, so sorry, sadfor downtowners, I had hopefor the butcher, but buddies, nopebartender, couldn't catch a cluewhen asked what apps, she just shrugged, booand the hostess, to you bothkids cute don't cut it, nope, you're dopesseated, sat, a good fifteenminutes passed, in betweenthe time someone offered a "hi"as we watched servers,  saunter byfinally asked, have you been helped?'twas then I knew, their stars on yelpwould suffer, people, sure enoughour waiter came, bit rough, he muffedevery point of service, frownbut arrogant, has gained renowndowntown, the butcher, bro's, was packedfox concepts...well, imagine thatcan do no wrong, lemmings line upthe 6 0 2, can't get enoughof the concept, factorythe waiter brings check back to medo you have coffee...or dessert???oh sure, black jeans and pressed white shirtserver said,  what would you likefor us, it was that kind of nightso AB, low marks from mefor service....  your culinaryofferings, all seemed finemussels, skirt steak, the rib eyeall passed muster, each checked outwatched the cooks, moving aboutexposed kitchen's, pretty coolbut sam you broke the golden ruleservice, silly, more than notis the thing your place has gotto have, without,  say nosee for yourself, bet when you goyou'll wish the butcher had more flouncepound for pound, ounce for ounceno matter how you slice it, dudeschop it, carve it,  multitudesThe AB is just OKbut far from a USD...A.
3	Great atmosphere, friendly staff, and good food.  Dined with a large group so we had a set menu. I requested no butter with my crab stuffed chicken breast but they served it on the side just in case I felt the chicken was too dry.  It was de-lish!
1	Have given this new Fox restaurant two opportunities to wow, and the staff at Arrogant Butcher has failed miserably on both occasions.  The first visit we sat at the bar, and it took several minutes to get the bar staff to respond to our requests.   Went there again last friday just before a ball game.  We were promptly seated, but waited for over 10 mins for any wait staff to acknowledge us. And there were less than 20 customers in the whole place! One waiter stood there and flirted with the hostess and clearly saw us sitting at our table with no waters, but made no approach, as I assume we were not sitting in his 'zone'.  No one approached.  So after 10+ mins we left.  Now I understand why they call the place Arrogant.   This staff has clearly not gotten the message that they work in the food SERVICE industry.
4	Arrogant Butcher. Arrogant Bastard. Arrogant Butthole. I don't care what the name is, I had a really great time here. Finding it, however, was laughable. This whole Cityscape thing is a big FAIL to me so far. Why they didn't choose to build an open aired mall like Kierland Commons is so Bed Bath and Beyond me. The signage is horrible. The curb appeal is non existent. But when we finally turned the corner and saw the big A, the sidewalk was bustling with guests and the inside was energetic, fun and most appealing. I had great service. Thank you Winston! The pretzel fondue was fabulous! The scallops with bacon and beans was okay. Not exactly executed as I would have liked. And the crab stuffed chicken was actually quite bland. But I washed it all down with a beautiful, buttery bottle of Carneros Chardonnay and all in all a good time was had. Arrogant? Perhaps. But certainly Insecure Butcher wouldn't work. So it's a winner so far to me and I will most definitely return.
4	Alas Sam Fox has opened a business downtown & I wasn't disappointed at all. The patio's great but it's starting to get warm (imagine that) so me & my friend grabbed a seat inside near the bar. Love the exposed ceilings & overall feel of the lounge area. Had the Raspberry Mojito (not the best I've had but still pretty good) to start off with....switched to the Sun Up beer...awesome suggestion from our server. The apple & beet salad was yummy! A great sized portion & really flavorful. Service was great...our waiter was really friendly & super attentive. Can't wait to get back for happy hour!
4	Had lunch here today and it was pretty good. I had the turkey pastrami sandwich and chips and it was solid. Nothing that overly wowed me. The chips had a good flavor... just a little overdone. Service was good but the refill on ice tea was slow. No biggie, I wasn't dying of thirst.I was torn and almost gave it 4 stars, but overall it was just A-OK. That said, I will return.URG! Edit to up it to a 4 star review. I just couldn't leave it at a 3. It deserves a 4. For real. Bad Cookie.
4	Another top notch Fox restaurant. They do have the formula down. I cant say this place is anything really incredible or unique. But what it does it does very well. Its affordable. Its very trendy. The quality seems to be top notch. Service was excellent. Our dessert came out approximately 5 minutes after we ordered. It was delivered to us by the manager with apologies that it took so long and it was on the house. We had the warm peanut butter cup. I'm not a huge dessert person, especially chocolate ones, but it was good. The cookie on the side really deserves to be broken up and tossed in the bowl with the gelato. Getting back to the beginning of the meal, we had an appetizer of bacon potato fritters. They are amazingly light and airy. The taste of bacon was only slight. Everything is better with bacon right? The entrees were order were the ricotta dumpling bolognese and the meatloaf special. The dumpling were great. Again light and airy, almost slightly dry. A tad more moist and they could be gnocchi. The bolognese sauce were fairly oily. Most likely from the fat rendered from the cooking of the ground beef. I do think of myself as a meatloaf expert. I'm not easy to please. It was made perfectly. A perfect sweet glaze on top and a moist tender center. Nothing cutting edge with this. Just the basic meatloaf but done well. The mashed potatoes were a let down. I prefer my mashed potatoes on the rustic side. These were obviously whipped in some type of food processor. They get a slightly gluey texture when processed. We had a bottle of Stronghold Nachise with dinner. A great pairing for what we had. I was impressed they dont gouge you on wine prices. Their markup seems to be a more reasonable 100%. I've seen many places triple and quadruple the retail price of a wine. So kudos on that. I would def go back, but not right away. There are so many other places to try yet.
4	Another great Fox concept!  So glad he opened something in downtown Phoenix!I hosted a large group dinner in the back room and we had an amazing experience.  The service was phenomenal - they even took multiple photos of our group on 2 different occasions.  The set menu was fantastic.  I really felt like we got a taste of what the restaurant had to offer.  I highly recommend the beet and apple salad, the crab stuffed chicken and the salted caramel pudding or blueberry cheesecake - absolutely delicious!I went back a few days later for lunch and wasn't disappointed.  I enjoyed the sweet potato tortelli - it was melt in your mouth good!
4	I've ordered the Taboule salad on two occasions and been very pleased, especially when I added chicken.  The crab cakes are the best in town as far as I'm concerned.  Not deep fried and crunchy, just quickly pan seared and soft in the middle.  My boyfriend had a tequila cocktail that was to die for while I found that the rasberry mojito left something to be desired.  The peanut butter cup dessert is melt in your mouth good and the service has been top notch on both occasions.  Add in the Butcher's modern but comfy styling and you've got a winner..  right here in downtown.  I'm taking my mom there for brunch on Mother's Day and I'm not sure who is more excited.. her or me.
3	I did three stars because it really was just a-ok but clearly has the ability to be amazing. I think we probably just went on an off day and we may give it another shot if we make it back down town sometime. We had high hopes, AB has been on our radar for a bit now and it was really decent except that each dish really had one minor problem or another. Food network has turned America into a bunch of wanna be food critics who imagine themselves on the set of Chopped when ordering lunch/dinner.  Look at me and "call my guilty" but hey, I am the one paying to go out so I can say what I want right?. Hmmm.... Location is good and the place is definitely beautiful, clean, modern, awesome. We were seated right away and had great service throughout the meal. The antipasto meat and cheese was the best thing we ate...We got the ham, blue cheese, olives and garlic...you can go through and make your plate however you want (like ordering sushi) -very clever. The bread was fantastic, grilled, warm, soft...our only complaint was the garlic had gone a little long and got that bitter taste but overall this was good (could be Great!). I ordered a strawberry lemonade...granted the server did advise after the fact that they are working to perfect the recipe, but this was nothing short of horrible.  Watered down, lack of strawberry and just overall lack of flavor. $4 for this, I think not. You would be better off with pink lemonade from the coke machine...Come on Fox, I know you have a good recipe floating around somewhere, this needs help! Our server was great and took it off our bill. Okay so main dish...My wife got the famous Chinese chicken salad. It was everything it should be, fresh greens, good dressing, nice crisp won-tons except the chicken was very dry and tasted like it was prepared much earlier. I had the jambalaya which had amazing flavor but was way way way too spicy. I like heat, I'm not a spice baby either...you will find some crazy spice guy who would love you for this dish but overall you have to remember your target audience here....It was so hot I could not eat it. The sausage is amazing, the shrimp were nice and cooked perfectly, the rice was excellent...it was just lost to the spice. Burn me now, burn me later kinda dealeo. - Don't take my ramblings to suggest it was bad, it was not by any stretch....I just know how much better this team of fine individuals could, and most likely will, make it be.
4	"The Arrogant Butcher" located at City Scape in downtown Phoenix.My favorite plate so far is the Sweet Potato Tortelli with mushrooms, spinach and hazelnuts.They have a large selection of wines, beer and cocktails and daily specials.Yay! I'm a fan.DAILY SPECIALS:MONDAY Meatloaf & Mashed Potatoes $15 TUESDAY Rainbow Trout $19 WEDNESDAY Slow Roasted Prime Rib $24THURSDAY Fried Chicken & Honey Biscuits $16 FRIDAY King Crab Cioppino $25 SATURDAY BBQ Baby Back Ribs $23
4	As much as I love my Mom, I had to seriously fight the urge to steal her food.Was it because I didn't completely love her sweet potato tortelli with mushrooms? No. The sweet potato filling, the brussels sprouts and mushroom were wonderful compliments to each other. The sauce was savory and butter-y but not over the top, it didn't cover the taste of the veggies.No what saved my mom's food and kept family peace was the shrimp, sausage and chicken jambalaya. I was skeptical ordering jambalaya outside of NOLA but this was excellent. This seasoning was spot on and the meat wasn't dried and overcooked, which I find frequently in bad jambalaya. Proof the chef knew what he was doing ? The okra maintained their firmness and didn't become soft and slimy like okra frequently does.Not usually a dessert person I really liked the blueberry cheesecake streusel. The graham crackers did nothing but make a mess but I loved the creaminess of the cheesecake. For another take my brother found the consistency  too soft, he didn't think it would stand up if done as a traditional cheesecake (see pics).My sister-in law seemed fond of the bathroom , venture with confidence.My mother returned a few days after I left and had the jambalaya, so I guess she's a fan too.Near the baseball, and basketball arena this should be a definitely spot to check out if you're ever in Phoenix.
5	OMG!!! CAn I say that this place is just fabulous fabulous fabulous!!!!! I love it!!!  First of all I went there with a friend and she said that you will love it and I am just going to order you drinks and food and just trust me!  I did it and I am so glad that I did!  She ordered me "the pink drink" and it was amazing!  I mean I got a buzz off of it...maybe because I had not eaten anything all day and I was saving up for this great meal!  I finished it and it was on to the next one...and she ordered me a "maid in mexico" at this point I felt amazing!  We had the potato fritters and the soft pretzels with the cheese fondue!  I could have just eatne that!!!  OMG!!!  I did not want these appetizers to end...I told my friend that we just needed to order those again for the rest of our meal!!  She was like no you have to try the jambalaya!  I gave in of course...I was feeling too great from the drinks to argue and I love spicy food!  They brought the jambalaya out and I was in heaven!  I was spicy...spicy...and spicy!!! YUM YUM YUM!! I wish that it would not end!  It was so flavorful and delicious and I literally licked the bowl clean!  I also had another "maid in mexico"....then we split the peanut butter cup and gelato!!! OMG!! I wish this place was closer but its right downtown and it is in such a great location and its perfect!  Our server was awesome and just kept it so fun and fabulous the whole night! I will be back and I want this to become a regular place for me!  This is great for a date or for a group of friends!  I love it and I would recommend it to everyone!
5	I can't say enough good things. Every thing you've read in other reviews is true. Great service and sublime food.We were a group of 8 and the waiter gave everyone equal attention. We ordered the fritters and the pretzel bites for appetizers. Both were great. The pretzel bites and cheese are addictive.As an entree I ordered the short rib stew, and attached a pic of it. The rib meat was tender and tasty, and it had just the right amount of heat from the green chilis. Amazing cornbread too. Others ordered the fish and chips, and the sloppy joe; all were happy with their orders.I'll definitely be back.
3	remember, i'm a vegetarian so allow that fact to guide your critique of my review.the cheese plate was good - served with big wedges of buttery bread. the chunk of cheese was really small though, and for $5 i would think slightly more was warranted.the fried shrimp appetizer was good. little tiny shrimp served with a spicy aioli. i ordered the kale salad for dinner. it was a nice size, served with a lot of roasted cauliflower, currants and hazelnuts although the menu said almonds. it's a little pricey, but decent for the few items i tried.
1	I did not enjoy anything about this place.... The decor is o.k. but the food is so bad that it really didn't not matter what the place looked like. First we started with the mussels recommended by our server and they were very bland, nothing special. So we tried again with the pretzels and cheese fondue (If everyone else was eating it how bad could it be?)  Not worth the $10 for the appetizer... nothing special about the cheese or the pretzels. the rock shrimp were good, a little small, but really the only thing that I could stomach at the table.  The deep fried cheese and bacon fritters were dried out and when I put them in my mouth it felt like I was chewing on salty, raw, uncooked dough... Thank god the bf and I split the fillet or should I say "hamburger" I know better ordering steak from a place like this but he wanted to try it.... I don't know how they get the hamburger meat in the shape of a fillet but they somehow managed to pull that one off. The "after school special" cocktail that sounded like a delicious margarita with a splash of modello, was literally the worst alcoholic beverage that I have ever tasted. I am not picky when it comes to food, wine, or booze.... and this place sent me running for the hills. And now for the finale of the review, I got food poisoning! After about an hour or two I was so sick to my stomach that we had to go home and cancel our plans for the rest of the evening. How in the world this place has so many rave reviews is beyond me.... literally the most disappointing meal of my life. No chance you will ever catch me near this restaurant again.
3	The hubby and I went in on a Friday night. I have to agree with Thomas about this whole cityscape fiasco, it was a little hard to find, but we got there all the same and were happy when we did. They really did a nice job with the place. I love the set up, the open bar and kitchen, and all the decor was nice. We sat up at the Chefs table, and all the guys behind the counter were super friendly, which is above and beyond if you ask me, just getting orders out and executing them well is enough, so it was nice that they were interacting with guests on top of it. Our server was friendly as well, very helpful. The bar did start to run a little slow, our second round of drinks took awhile, but no biggie. I did, however, find the food just a little underwhelming. One of the cooks gave us a sample of the pretzel fondue, and to be honest it is what sticks out to me the most, they were delicious. We also had the black mussels with spicy pork shoulder and pommes fites, the broth was a little bland, which was shocking because they had a really intense aroma. The sea salt chips were alright and the potato fitters were forgettable. For an entree we split the grilled sword fish, which was good. My Husband was a little disappointed that with a name like The Arrogant Butcher they didn't have more cuts of meat on the menu. I think our favorite part of the meal was the after school specials we ordered, they were a great summer drink, very refreshing, otherwise we may go back, but its not on the top of our list.
5	My husband and I went the Arrogant Butcher before the stevie Nicks Concert and the restaurant was packed with a two hour wait. There were a few seats at the bar near the kitchen but we decided to wait and come back after the concert. Fortuntely , we left the concert a little early and was able to score a patio seat. We ordered the Turkey Sloppy Joe and side Tabbouleh salad to share. I almost which i had mine own because both where so good. The sloppy joe was so yummy it inspired me to make my own at home. I cant wait to go back and try other items on the menu. To Be Continued ...
4	The sandwiches okay, the fries mediocre, but the pretzel fondue was out of this world! I still dream about it.
3	We (My husband and I) are huge foodies and chose this place for our anniversary dinner after reading  the reviews.The place is chic and upscale for Phx. It is in the heart of the (so-called ) downtown area. The place looked crowded and ALIVE at 9 pm on a Saturday night and this is a plus (as it is not typical of restaurants in Phx).The food was good and the service was OK but  our server was not the best in taking care of the changes I requested on the standard entree on the menu. She was too excited and loud (as she was training someone who was shadowing her). I liked the food but the server was too nosy as she would ask like every 10 minutes  if we liked what we were eating (Ahem... a little privacy please!, we are trying to have a  conversation here). I got tired of smiling at her whenever she asked IF I WAS DOING OK (OF COURSE, MY MOUTH WAS FULL AND i DID  NOT WANNA BE RUDE).That said, it is  FUN PLACE with good but small portion food, might  be better with more people.
5	The Arrogant Butcher was one of the best meal experiences I have ever had!  If you are in Phoenix, you must go.  We had the mussels as apps and pretzels - both were amazing(and I am not a pretzel fan). Both the swordfish and rib entree we're great.  My son had the ravioli dumplings. The flavor was good, but it was a lot of very filling food.  The atmosphere is cool and casual, but their commitment to food is serious!
4	Add me to the growing list of fans..... this is an awesome place; another well thought out Sam Fox concept.  The Turkey Pastrami on a pretzel roll is one of the better sandwiches I've ever had.  Lunch is a bit pricey; but perfect for entertaining out of town clients, etc.The wait staff is amazing; very attentive and friendly.
4	I should have reviewed this place back in March when I ate there. I hope it is going strong because it was great. Somewhere between a bistro and a brew-pub, the food and drinks were great.
4	I got some pretty terrible directions from the Internet to The Arrogant Butcher, and finding a working phone number on-line was an absolute  nightmare, but once I got past the construction and to the actual restaurant, I was really impressed! The service was scarce but I don't blame the facility - I was there for a private function and more people than expected had shown up leaving the servers understaffed and the kitchen overworked. They had Sangiovese on the wine menu which is a MAJOR plus considering it is one of my favorite dry red italian wines, and I was totally blown away by the tabbouleh salad (bulgar wheat, peppadews, and marcona almonds, tossed with diced cucumbers, tomatoes, and romaine in an oregano dressing) and the salted caramel pudding (heavenly for those into the salty/sweet thing)! The short rib stew with egg was a bit spicy but tasty nonetheless and the accompanying corn muffin was a bit eggy from the wash, but the glaze atop was sweet, crispy, and a delicious delight! My husband said his salmon and blueberry cheesecake were "alright" but he enjoyed the tabbouleh salad immensely! I'd definitely go there again in the future - if only to get another tabbouleh salad and a taste of the fabled peanut butter cup!
2	I hate to say it, but I've really been striking out with the Fox restaurants.  Last night, my roommate and I dined at The Arrogant Butcher before our concert at Comerica.  Our reservations were for 6:30.  We were quickly seated.  I ordered the Polish Fix drink, which was delish!  We put in an order of the pretzels and provolone fondue around 6:45.  It arrived at our table at 7:25.  The restaurant was busy, but does it really take that long to bake pretzel bites and melt some cheese?  If this review was based solely on the appetizer, I would give it 5 stars.  What a fun and very tasty pre-dinner treat!!  By far, best part of the meal.  We had put in our order not too long after our appetizer order was placed.  By the high recommendation of our waiter, my roommate ordered the jumbalaya and I chose the market soup (Tomato Bisque) and the Chopped Salad.  Our entrees came out around 7:40.  My soup/salad was pretty good.  I was pleased.  My roommate was less than thrilled with her choice.  I asked her to rate it on a scale of 1 to 10, 10 being amazing and 1 being awful.  She gave the jumbalaya a 2.5.  Needless to say, we skipped dessert and signed our check an hour and a half after being seated.  Good thing neither of us were interested in the opening act for the concert or we would've missed it.  This is not the first Fox restaurant where service has been incredibly slow and food so-so.  Would go back for drinks or with a date who was footing the bill.  Not worth the price, in my opinion.
4	So, I was about 15 minutes late to my dinner date here (thus, missing happy hour) since its so hard to find.  And then even harder to park.  Then I had to walk a block.  I should have just rode my bike.The atmosphere is very typical to other Sam Fox restaurants - loud, open, big pieces, attractive waitstaff, private rooms.My party split a number of appetizers and I have to give a special shout out to the soft pretzels with fondu and home made chips with onion dip! Yum! Its dangerous having that many delicious carbs...They only have one vegetarian entree - but several appetizers and salads could also appease a meat-free palate.  I ordered the sweet potato tortellini and it was divine! It so rich and buttery that I almost felt like I was eating a dessert - I didn't know that a sweet potato could literally taste so sweet! I'm glad that I split it with another person, because it would have been too rich to tackle on my own. The kale salad was mediocre and didn't come with almonds as the menu said - but some other kind of nut.  I much prefer the kale salad at True Food.After splitting 4 or 5 appetizers, and then dinner...there was no room for dessert.  I would come back here during happy hour for some drinks and soft pretzels!
3	I was excited to visit this new restaurant. It is a perfect location for a pre-game visit.  I was pretty disappointed that this place wasn't more exciting.  The bartenders were nice enough, the waiter we met recommended the Fondue which was delicious and the menu seemed intriguing, but nothing special.  I guess I was hoping for innovative, different and fun.  It was just a regular restaurant with a nice vibe and amazing fondue!
1	We were greeted at the door by two lovely ladies. The place was not busy yet they said that it would be a 45 min wait to be seated out sideSo we took the first available15 minutes later after I spoke to the bartender and asked him why the wait for a table outside was 45 minutes yet no one is here. We were seatedFood options seemed interesting but NOT for the priceAtmosphere is greatIf u want a quiet spot wait to go to this place when construction is done in downtown because they are building a Tilted Kilt pub upstairs and it was nosier then the people eating dinner  If u are a very wealthy person (your salary is more then 100,000 by yourself) u will be able to afford eating and drinking here
3	Typical Sam Fox.  Good, but nothing I'd scream and rave about.  Solid comfort food, a little on the heavy side for my taste.  The menu has been through a few changes.  The salads are good, (although the salmon one is not my favorite).  The HH appetizers are actually better than the lunch offerings.  There is a pretzel fondue that is amazingly delicious (you know exactly how bad it is for you).  They have house made chips with their own french ranch dip that is amazing.  The cheese plate is good, they will always push the charceurterie plate on you when you enter the restaurant.  You can always orrder a pre-assembled one on the menu.  the drinks are strong and delicious.  One of the favorites is the skinny raspberry mojito which should be served in pitchers.  The rest of the drinks are tasty and pack a decent punch.  HH is still the best way to try it out.  It's a great downtown location and chances are you will run into a ton of lawyers or lobbyests.  It's a power place and its nicer than Tom's Tavern.
4	Went back to AB a few weekends ago, again for brunch, with a large group.  I was surprised to see that, although they advertise themselves as being a brunch place on the weekends, they have pared their menu down to basically 4 items.  The people that I invited that had never been to AB before were expecting more of a variety in brunch items since I'd told them that they had great brunch, but their concerns were quelled with a few bloody Marys and some good (if not diverse) food.  I had the egg sandwich sans bacon again (excellent again) and Sweet Pea and I split the french toast as well.  We'd only had a small sample of the french toast at the opening, so we didn't realize that it comes with this whole jar of cream and berries, in addition to the syrup.  If you come here for brunch and like french toast, you have to try it.  It's the best french toast I've ever had, and many at our table agreed.  The secret is that they bread it in cornflakes.  Yum.  And, the bloody Marys are in the excellent range, I'd say just below the phenomenal ones at Dick's/Rokerij.  The service was also friendly and quick.
3	Sat at the Bar, since we didn't want to wait for a table. The bar stools are horrible, hard, and almost feel unsafe to lean your back on. The bartender that served us was nice, but it was weird that she never gave us any eye contact when we ordered. After looking at the menu we decided we would just have drinks and share an appetizer. "We had the pretzel fondue appetizer which was okay." While I didn't taste all the menu items, just felt like the food was overly priced, or maybe seafood is just alot more expensive in Phoenix. The biggest disappointment was when I went to the bathroom to wash my hands and there was no soap in either dispensers. I mean isn't that a health code violation? In a place where they serve as much seafood as this place does, it was a bit disturbing that there was no soap. I mentioned this to the hostess as I was leaving, and she didn't seam to care. I wasn't impressed by this place.
3	Attended a birthday party here.  We were a party of twelve.  The hostess told us that another group took our table by claiming to be our birthday boy.  Thank you Arrogant Butcher for the royal fcuk up.  Our group sat at three separate tables.  Uncool.Cocktails:  Pimms Cup (good), Old Fashioned (good)Dinner:  Turkey Sloppy Joe (good), Side salad (good)That's all I have to say.  I have to cool down from the unfortunate event that spoiled the evening before I return.
1	Had lunch there. Service was great. Good atmosphere. Like the overall design. The food on the other hand was absolutely horrible. The pretzel fondue to start was okay. Nothing exciting. We had a cheese burger that was thin, dry and really something you should get at McDonalds for a dollar (NOT $9!) Tabbouleh salad was just not good.Over all I would not recommend. Bad food.
4	Cool hot spot ready to explode!  I must give Mr. Fox some credit...he sure knows how to put together restaurant.  I love ABs for its flare and ambience.  I only had the AB Burger, but I tell ya; I looked around at everyone else's plate and was impressed.  Nice plating and delicious all around.  Next time I'm hitting the bar for some HH.  Service was delightful and informative...they're really on the ball.  The place itself has two identities. The front is your basic bar spot and eating area opened to the kitchen; love that!  The back is 2 private rooms with "Edison-like" lighting and "Hollywood-like" lounge seating.  Well placed and so is the restaurant.  Located in CityScape, but also diagonally across from the stadiums this place has the ability to really pop! - Enjoy!
4	As I am a supporter of downtown Phoenix and hope that Cityscape thrives, I decided to have lunch here with girlfriends. I wasn't sure what to expect but judging by the name of the restaurant, I thought this would be mainly a steakhouse. I was totally wrong. I couldn't be more pleasantly surprised. This is the type of place that downtown Phoenix needs.It's contemporary American cuisine at its finest. The decor is modern and hip without being terribly ostentatious. The vibe reminded me of Chicago and NYC. It has a sophistication without pretension feel.I had the Crab Cake Louie salad which I felt was exquisite. Everything tasted fresh without that fishy taste like crab cakes served in other places, nor was it overly breaded. The vegetables were crisp and the dressing was sweet, light, and spicy. I wanted to try more dishes but I practically licked my plate clean. My girlfriends were also enamored by this place and wanted to stay later but we all just agreed that we'll be back for Happy Hour and dinner.I would have given this place 5 stars but they aren't open on Sundays.
3	All I can say is that the Jambalaya won me over.  Unfortunately we went on a night when there was a game at the stadium across the street so the crowd wasn't the best.  I would of enjoyed it more if the crowd was the typical Sam Fox restaurant crowd but it wasn't. We sat at the bar and the service was below par.  After eating the Jambalaya I completely forgot about the horrible crowd and the shitty service.  So I will go back and I will recommend it.
4	What a yummy place! I really can't say enough good things about this spot right across from US Airways center. My Mom and I went here before a concert recently. I was able to make a reservations, which was super nice because we got in right away and the place was packed- it was awesome to just walk right in and be sat. I found the service to be quick and efficient, especially considering it was a very busy night. The food is excellent... it is by far the best fox restaurant I've been to. Based on Yelp reviews we decided to split a couple things. We started off with the pretzel fondue and, like everyone else has said, it was BEYOND amazing. The pretzels were warm and fluffy and the cheese was sharp and tangy. Very, very good. We also shared a salad, which was fresh and tasty. Then, we had the green chili with a fried egg on top it was spicy, but the corn bread on the side was sweet so the combo was unbelievable. I would surly get it again. Arrogant Butcher did NOT disappoint. I was so happy to get to try it and even happy with the amazing food and service we had. I will be back next time I am downtown and I will for sure being the Hubs... he'll LOVE it!
4	good drinks and friendly service,  will try the food here sometime.....
1	The worst service I have ever had!  Good food cannot make up for terrible service.
2	Been here twice for lunch and the food is really good, the atmosphere is nice, the service is OK could be better but they just opened so I cut them some slack. The portions are very small and it very expensive for a downtown eatery. They are going to have a tough time competing for the lunch business when there are other places around with similar quality food at lower price points and great specials like half off lunch entrees. Its going to be interesting to see how long they can last in a downtown well known to be an undesirable dining destination, unless there is a game or something going on. Phoenicians are a fickle diner, we love the new place until we've been there a couple times, then unless your food and value are at least equal we don't come back. I will go there once in a while, I can afford 60 bucks to eat (with no wine, bill was almost 100 when we had wine), but most people can't, interesting to see if ole Foxy can pull this one off.
1	I don't get it...bad service, bad decor, and over priced...I'd rather go to a Ruth Chris or Morton's...the bartender put ice in a 16 year old single malt, and when I told her you don't do that, she took the class and poured it into another glass, keeping the ice! WTF?? Am I taking crazy pills? She said everyone orders ice in their scotch...yeah, maybe if they're a 17 year old boy and stole it from their dad's liquor cabinet....
5	I had the most amazing salad I have ever had. The chopped salmon salad was incredible. The service was great, hostesses incredibly hot and a great atmosphere. Highly recommended.
4	I really enjoyed the fish and chips, halibut I think.  And, an order of the crusty bread is a must.  I hope downtown keeps building.  Some of these new restaurants are terrific.
3	I went to The Arrogant Butcher for a birthday dinner on Saturday night. We were a group of about 25 and sat in the back room at 3 different tables. The server we had was very insistent we all stay in our seats if we wanted separate checks, which is understandable. However, later in the meal we were co-mingling...it was a party, after all. Our server was visibly annoyed and he even said, "This is disastrous. I'm so mixed up right now." I'm a server, and even if that's how he was feeling, he could have been a little more positive about the whole thing. We all spent a lot of money and tipped 20%, so it's only common sense that you would be cordial and nice to your guests. Besides that, he also just had an arrogant, if you will, attitude. I asked before ordering if the Bolognese was beef or pork. He replied, "Bolognese is always a mixture of both," and just stared at me when I cheerily replied with an "Ok, thank you!"That being said, the other server (I think his asstistant), was great. She promptly refilled drinks and smiled. The food was great. We had the Rock Shrimp appetizer and Sea Salt Chips, which were very yummy and served with great sauces. For dinner I had the Crab Cake Louie salad and my husband had the Jambalaya....both were delicious, as was the Chocolate Souffle.I would eat here again, but I'm not sure I would choose it for a large group meal.
3	We took a friend for his birthday, there were 7 of us. From all the reviews I read I thought it was more of an upscale restaurant but it was more urban bar. The place was very noisy, the speakers blaring music above our table made it hard to hold a conversation even across the table! For a Monday it was fairly busy when we got there at 6PM, The service was OK, our waiter forgot our appetizer so we had to remind him. The food was very good, worthy of another visit. This would be a great place if the music was turned down!
4	After weeks of going back and forth, back and forth and checking tons of reviews, we decided to go check out the Arrogant Butcher ourselves. The reviews on here (Yelp!) were kinda all over the place so we weren't sure what to expect. Any-who, we came to the conclusion that: 1. The decor is pretty darn awesome.2. The waitstaff was good. The place was fully staffed and timing on everything was good.3. Reservations may not be such a bad idea. We made one at six and it was pretty dead in there when we arrived. However, by the time we left around 7:15, it was full. We went on a Saturday (no games of any sort going on downtown either).4. WAY overpriced. Our breakdown: 3 cocktails, an appetizer, 3 mussels...$1 a pop, an entree (we split it) and 2 desserts = $100 without tip.5. Filet was not worth it. At $29 bucks, you would expect something much more. It was overcooked and while the menu made it sound like it came with potatoes, it was more or less a small amount of pureed/creamed potatoes.6. Drinks, appetizers and desserts were all awesome. Final thought: We will be back....but for drinks and appetizers during happy hour which runs from 3-6 Mon-Sat (they are closed Sundays).
4	We love this place. The atmosphere is great and the service not too intrusive. We started with the pretzles with fondue. This is one of the best things I have ever eaten. I love bread and I love cheese. The pretzles are soft, buttery hot vehicles for creamy, warm provelone fondue...mmmmmm. Our entrees were also delicious. We ordered the bolognese and the stew. Both were tasty and well prepared. We shall return!
4	Great food. Love the atmosphere. Definitively a place to check out!! TAKE A DATE!
2	Looks like I'm not going along with the majority here. I experienced JUST happy hr here a few months ago and was not happy with the service. The bartender was very unpleasant and not quick on her feet. Needless to say the hh drink specials can be hugely improved. Very weak selection. The food on the other-hand was good. We ordered the soft pretzel bites $5 which can feed a family of 4! and the antipasto platter was not as good. There was only 2 slices of tiny bread to eat with the cheeses, jams, etc..if I didn't have the pretzels I would have been pissed. Brussel sprouts came along side antipasto, they were prepared in a balsamic like marinade and were pretty damn great! Prob would go back fro pretzels and brussel sprouts but that's abt it.
4	We decided to try out The Arrogant Butcher last night for my husband's birthday. Unfortunately we made the decision last minute and couldn't make a reservation.  If it hadn't been for the Josh Groban concert I'm sure we wouldn't have waited an hour for table.  However, even though we waited for an hour for a table, the food and service were pretty good. I would give the food 5 stars, the service 4 and the atmosphere 4.  We were worried the portion sizes would be small based on some reviews/pictures here, but we did not find that to be the case. We ended up taken half our food home because we couldn't finish it.  We ordered the soft pretzels with provolone dipping sauce, jambalaya and the beef short rib stew.  All three were EXCELLENT.  The kitchen/our server didn't get the soft pretzels out to us until after we were served our entrees but they were so good it didn't matter.  Our food was out less than 15 minutes after ordering.The cornbread that came with the stew was amazing.  It was filled with corn and green chilies. It was a very sweet and savory corn bread and it was divine.  We don't drink, but it seemed like people were enjoying their drinks. The bar was packed and overflowing.  We will definitely be back - there are quite a few things I wouldn't mind trying including the desserts - warm peanut butter cup with chocolate gelato? Yes, please. We would have ordered it last night but we were so full we couldn't fathom eating another bite.My advice - Make a reservation.  The food is worth it.
4	So after hearing about this place and then reading about it in the latest Phoenix Magazine, we decided to give it a try with our friends.We made a 7:15 reservation for 4 for a Saturday night.  By the time we left the place was hopping and crazy busy.We started with a little salumi and Cowgirl Creamery Inverness (oh how I miss the bay and Cowgirl whenever I wanted!) as well as oysters for the ladies.  The jam with the cheese was delish and the mustard with the meat had a great kick to it.  They are not shy with the spice here!  And the oysters were meaty and divine.  I wanted more.. so many more.Around the table we shared a bottle of the Chablis Chardonnay, which was crisp and refreshing, just what you need on a summer night in Phoenix.Mains ordered were, short rib stew, salmon, jambalaya, and the bbq ribs.  All were enjoyed immensely.  The salmon was cooked perfectly, the stew was spicy and filling, the jambalaya had a growing heat to it (which my friend enjoyed, it just slowed him down), and the ribs disappeared so quickly I'm not sure my husband actually ate dinner. :P  The cole slaw that came with the ribs was yummy, as that's the only bit I got to try.For dessert we ordered the blueberry cheesecake and the hot chocolate cake.  The desserts are served in little mason jars which makes the portion just right to share so you can get that taste of sweet.  The cheesecake with the graham cracker streusel with almonds was yummy.  And the hot chocolate cake's cream on top was very good and the cake was nice and moist. We had a great time and we'd go back again with visitors or family.  They validate your parking and ours was free since the food came out so fast, we were in and out!
4	Good food, good desserts, good location for basketball and baseball.  Really noisy
2	ok--i 'm going to make this short and sweet. if you enjoy mediocrity, if you prefer eating at "safe" lower common denominator restaurants, then by all means, try any of the sam fox restaurants. but if you have any standards of criticism at all, then avoid them at all cost. i have yet to be thoroughly satisified by any of his choices ranging from sauce, true life, arrogant butcher, and ivy something...so forgettable i cannot even remember the name. i am stumped as to how these places are successful and wonder if these diners have ever had the fortune at eating at true goumet restaruants. you may save a few bucks, and that's a maybe, but the quality of the food is so mundane. it's applebees taken to the next level. sorry, sam, never met you, don't know you, nothing personal. but your business plan really sucks.
3	The fact that this place is HUGE should have tipped me off. Too large to be able to offer truly good quality food. But since it is a Fox restaurant, I thought it would probably be a good experience nonetheless. The food is not good, not bad. I think the food can be pretty much summed up with "it tastes like Applebee's." We had bolognese and ribs. My bolognese could have easily been remade at home with a jar of Ragu. The ribs, not counting the sauce, were pretty good. They were definitely very meaty and hearty. I wasn't too crazy about the sauce as it tasted too much like honey.Like Applebee's (or Chili's, take your pick), the menu is generic and the food is just okay. The prices are not bad but a little steep for what you get. I don't understand the popularity of this place. I'd trade the fancy interiors at the Arrogant Butcher for a hole-in-the-wall with good food any day.
5	Great new restaurant in Downtown Phoenix.  I've stopped here a couple times before a D-backs game and I've never left disappointed!  The homemade Sea Salt Chips are tasty!  The Turkey Pastrami is delicious on a pretzel roll.  I recommend the Turkey Sloppy Joe.  With a slice of green chili, this sandwich has a kick!  This is a great place for a quick bit with friends.
1	I've really tried to like this place.  Great location and they have plenty of mouthwatering items on the menu.  During my two visits it was extremely busy and even with a reservation, we still waited 30 minutes for a table - Issue 1. Issue 2 - this place has terrible staff. The bartenders and hostesses are rude and yes, I understand you are busy...but you can still smile and be nice!  I'm paying to be treated like crap?!? Bah...After visiting the place twice for dinner I can say that the pretzel fondue is quite good.  I also liked the short rib dish as well as the crab stuffed chicken.  They are certainly onto something with the food, prices are so/so.  The wine options by the glass aren't very good and spendy for the quality that you get.  Besides, opting for a dirti 'tini makes the bar service a wee bit bearable.I really, really wanted to like this place, but alas, it's another fantasitc idea that is executed sadly in poor downtown Phoenix.  Maybe some of the other options coming to CityScape this fall will fare better?  A girl can dream, can't she?
4	Solid 3.5 stars for food, 3 for service and 4 for ambiance and convenience. Again another downtown eatery that has taken me too long to try.  The interior is classic, clean, cozy, casual without being too slouchy and just enough class to keep you on your toes. My mom was in town and we headed over for a simple dinner, we were greeted and seated quickly,  initially contemplating ordering from their charcuterie menu we decides on the burger and turkey sloppy joe, respectively, and split a small chopped salad.  The chopped salad was great!  Light fresh and crisp, tossed with the prefect amount of their house vinaigrette.  They made a little boo boo with the order, bringing my mom fish and chips and taking her burger to the next table but they eventually got it straight.  My turkey sloppy joe was tasty and I loved the roasted poblano pepper, the seasoning in the sloppy joe sauce was too much like the cumin laden taco seasoning I am not too fond of but it was still good. I was a big fan of the potato chips and the frys are quite crispy too. I gave it 4 stars because I love having this quality addition to downtown.
4	Me and a friend went here for lunch today. We got here before the rush which was definitely a good idea. They filled up with businessmen and women around noon.The staff was super friendly and good looking (seems to be a FOX thing). I liked their outfits: crisp, white button down shirts and a tie, jeans, and Converse. The food was really good and came out in a timely manner. My friend got the special which was a pork sandwich w/fries and I got the fish sandwich w/a side salad. My sandwich was really tasty. The fish was flaky and the sauce it came with was delectable. The salad came pretty much dry so I had to ask for extra dressing, which I received promptly and tasted really good. My friend enjoyed her sandwich. I really liked her fries as well, which are made fresh there (think elevated In and Out fries). My strawberry lemonade was really yummy too, but unfortunately, didn't come with free refills.I loved the interior, like I do most FOX restaurants. My favorite part was a room off to the side that had comfy looking tables with nice booths and a ton of pictures all over the walls.I'd definitely go back here, especially for a business meeting or possibly a first date.
4	We went last night for AZ Restaurant Week...I really like the atmosphere, much bigger than I thought it would be!  We had a reservation so when we got there, it just took a few minutes, then we were seated.  I got the spicy sausage and vegetable soup, it was really good, nice and spicy!  My husband ordered the meat and cheese plate, it was fine, just average.  I'm sure if you were to custom order this, would be much better.  The entrees that we ordered were the Jambalaya and the Short Rib Stew.  The Jambalaya was a huge portion and quite tasty, spicy, smokey, delish.  We were really looking forward to the stew, we had seen it on the cover of Phoenix Magazine, kind of disappointing.  It seemed a bit bland, it if wasn't for the amazing cornbread, would not have completed the dish.  For dessert, we both had the salted caramel pudding, best dessert I have had in a long time.  I don't think I have enough descriptive words in my vocabulary to explain this....just salted enough, creamy, decadence, perfection.  All in all, a really nice meal!
1	The food was ok...once we got past the rude host at the front (maybe the maitre d'  - a tall guy with a mustache & little beard). We arrived at 3:52 pm on a Tuesday. The restaurant was nearly empty. There were 7 of us with 3 more coming. The host asked if we had reservations, we said no, we'd been at an event & were going to the game. He said he couldn't seat us as there were others who DID make reservations. (yes, he said it as if it were in CAPS!) We had to ask if the patio (which is huge & has misters) was available - yes. Then we asked if we could have a table inside if we promised to be gone by 5. He reluctantly agreed.  When my wine arrived, there was an insect in it. Our. Waiter was nice & replaced it.The food was decent - we just had salads & appetizers. I had the Antipasta which was very small, and only came with 2 small pieces of bread. It did come with tart cherry preserves which were great.  A friend had the Tabbouli salad, which was ok, and another had the Salmon Rillette which was good. The food was ok, but nothing to write home about. When We left promptly at 5, the restaurant was still half empty. I had looked forward to trying this restaurant... but I probably won't go back due to the rude host turning away patrons from an empty restaurant.
4	Visited the Arrogant Butcher during the Urban Wine Walk. Great menu, great wines and the toasts/bruschettas were to die for.
4	Finally got a chance to check out Arrogant Butcher with a buddy of mine and I'm impressed. I definitely liked it better than I thought I would. We sat at the chef's table overlooking the hustling bustling kitchen, what a treat. The atmosphere in the restaurant was very nice, not too over the top and the service was great. It was a very laid back meal and experience.We started out with the salumi and  a bleu cheese plate, both very good. The salumi was served with sweet mustard and crusty bread. The bleu cheese was served this jelly, It tasted kind of like raspberry. Both were verry good, and I think 5 or 6 bucks a piece. For my meal, I opted for two appetizers: Potato fritters with creme fraiche and truffles and the mussels with pork shoulder and pommes frites. Both dishes were awesome. Somehow, they managed to make the potato fritters super light and airy, out of this world. The mussel dish was great too, humongous portion of well cooked mussels in a killer broth. Add in a few Stella's and my total bill was around $50 with tax and tip. A little higher than I'd like for a quick stop in meal, but definitely well worth it. I'll for sure be back to try some of the other good looking items on the menu.
5	Just checked out the Arrogant Butcher this evening with the boyfriend. The place was surprisingly crowded- a very good sign. We were seated very promptly, and our waiter was very quick to come up and talk to us about the restaurant and the food.We would up getting the pretzel bread fondue for an appetizer. The boyfriend got fish and chips, and I got the short rib stew.The fondue was GREAT. It was a last minute buy- I saw another table that had it and got it on impulse. Best impulse of the night. The bread bites were warm, soft and fluffy, and the fondue light and savory. The two of us polished off the rather large bowl with more ease than our waistlines would probably like. His fish and chips were good. They weren't out of this world, but very decent nonetheless. The fish was melty and flaky, the batter crisp and not too thick. The fries were just fries, but were also crispy and warm. They were the best thing to dunk into my stew gravy.My short rib stew was AMAZING. It was a bowl of short rib stew in a savory, chile and pepper sauce with a sunny side egg on the top. A piece of cornbread came along with it. The spiciness of the stew was perfect- savory and with a kick, but not to the point where I was crying. The cornbread was sweet, but savory too, from what I could gather was lashings of melted butter on top. The friend egg made it out of this world.I got a cocktail that the waiter recommended- can't remember what it was named, but it was vodka, lime and muddled raspberries and very clean and refreshing. Quite enjoyable.But what took the restaurant from 4 to 5 stars was the service. We were unfortunately seated behind a group of very rowdy patrons. They were noisy, vulgar, and had the unfortunate tendency to slam on the table very loudly. But we're city folks, and I live in the hood. You tune this stuff out, and it really didn't bother my boyfriend or myself too much.I liked that our waiter apologized to us for it. It was annoying, but we assured him all was well. However, when we were walking out the restaurant manager himself apologized about it, gave us his card and told him to ask for him the next time we went there, to make sure he could go out of his way to make up for this experience. I didn't think the experience was dampened THAT much by those a-holes, but I was extremely impressed by the effort made by both him and the waiter. It shows Fox's commitment to making sure that their patrons are taken care of. And that's really awesome. Definitely go check them out.
4	I'm teetering between 3 and 4 stars. In fact, I wish we were using Star Search scoring because I'd give 3 and 3 quarters stars. Really cool decor. Like a retro, train station kinda feel. There were these ginormous beehive lamp shade light fixtures that weren't cohesive and I wish they'd take them out because they were an eyesore as well. The restrooms were splendid, very clean, nice large stalls. Aside from the snooty hostesses, the service was splendid. My girlfriend and I came during restaurant week. It was packed when we arrived at 8:00 p.m. on a Tuesday night, I would recommend rezzies. For starters my friend had the soup and I had the cheese plate, both were delish. The cheese plate came with the cutest, tiny spoons and jars for jam and mustard... took everything I had to not put them in my purse. I can't remember what my main dish was called but it was two pieces of fried fish with a crab cake in the middle, topped with gravy and capers and a side of steamed spinach. It tasted like really good cafeteria food, nothing to write about here. For dessert I had the blueberry something or other. It tasted exactly like a pretzel torte I use to make in my early 20's, tasty but again, nothing to write home about. I will becoming back for sure. I know they're has to be more to that kitchen that what I was served, I just know it!
5	We had dinner at the Arrogant Butcher last night, and it was just amazing! The food alone was worth the trip, but the service was over the top. I'm telling you, I've never had such great service both from our waiter and manager. The restaurant itself is gorgeous and very clean. If I had to say one bad thing about this place, I'd say they will never be able to top last nights dining experience.
5	I've been wanting to go to The Arrogant Butcher ever since it opened, and, well, it took me more time than I'd like to admit before I finally made it there.  But, sometimes waiting makes the outcome that much better, and, boy, was the outcome fantastic.  Thankful I was with someone who is a regular, and who knew how to navigate us through the delicious menu. (Although, I didn't need much guidance as I had been eying their beef short rib stew since I first peeked at their online menu).We started first with appetizers, and had a great sample of what they offered: the rock shrimp and the pretzel & fondue were amazing.  I couldn't stop eating the pretzel & fondue -- I was afraid I wouldn't have enough room in my tummy for my meal... but of course I would.  And I almost did. The beef stew was so delicious, and even though I was kind of weirded out by the friend egg on top (I know foodies die for that stuff), I gobbled up almost every morsel until my tummy just couldn't hold any more.And throughout it all, I was sucking on one of their specialty cocktails recommended to me by a coworker -- The Polish Fix.  It was quite good, but very strong, and I was feeling it even with all the food I was eating.All in all, a great treat for my senses. It is in a great location -- right on the corner of 2nd St. & Jefferson, and if you chose to eat outside in the cooler months, or inside facing the wall of windows, you'll be guaranteed a great people watching opportunity.I can't wait to go back and try some of their other menu items.  I'm glad I waited, but now I can't get enough of that arrogant butcher!
5	Fox restaurants typically are delicious, but people like myself and other Yelpers are weary of chain restaurants and although this is the only arrogant butcher and not a chain like Sauce or True Food its easy to lump it together into a "chain restaurant motif" being a Fox restaurant.  Fact of the matter is that's not fair, this unlike a quick in and out concept like Sauce, its a sit down restaurant that turns out to be excellent.   I've read reviews where people were disappointed with the quality, I think those people just drove out of there way maybe living in the west valley or something and amp'ed it up too highly, kinda like when you see a movie and it sucks then its better the next time.  Either way I've been here 3 times and every time had a delicious meal every time.  One thing that's really cool about this restaurant is that they give you an "antipasto" menu that looks like a sushi bar menu (single sheet of papter you can mark on with a pencil) full of various cheeses, meats and extras (grilled asparagus, olives, elephant garlic, $1 mussels, etc.) this allows you to get your appetizers going right away.  Whats great about this is not only the concept but the meats and cheeses are high quality and come with bread and jam that's honestly to die for, so delicious!  I could go for the antipasto menu alone.  To eat I've tried the turkey sloppy joe, which sounds dumb, in defense of the sandwich first off it was lunch and it came with a grilled poblano chili on top, it was amazing.  I've also for dinner tried the sweet baked potato tortellini (excellent) and my favorite thing so far which I will re order is the beef short rib stew with green chiles, fried egg, cornbread.  The flavor with the egg is mindbogglingly awesome and the cornbread is fresh, moist and delicious.  I've never had a bad meal and/or experience here, after here (as far as other bars @ citiscape) is a different story because I have an alcohol problem :)
5	Our server Amanda was awesome with her suggestions and service! Would go here again in a heart beat!
3	Not bad.Food here is quite good.  I can't speak on the quality of the ingredients, but the dishes are well prepared, good to look at and good to ingest.  Nothing spectacularly mindblowing on the menu, but certainly things that make you say, "Hey, sounds good".Really kind of dig the bar (physically) and the overall feel of the place.  Bunch of TVs, and not everything was sports (hey, sometimes it's fun to ad-lib for muted movies! - I don't care for sports in a bar generally, but some people will see that a plus).Could do without the lack of tap selection; pretty weak overall.  Also, the gin selection is odd.  Many liquors seem to have 6-10 brands/bottles, while gin has 3 brands, 4 types (can't knock them for that though, just odd, being a gin drinker).
4	Halfway through my meal, I wondered if the Arrogant Butcher is authentic and real as the Grouchy Chef of Mukilteo or the Soupman (Soup Nazi) of Hell's Kitchen.  There's something about bad behavior accepted widely in restaurants. Disappointingly, an arrogant butcher is a concept, not a reality.WHY GO THERE? Good selection of comfort food in a hip industrial space. On a nice day, outside seating means people watching.WHATCHAGOT? I enjoyed the Turkey Pastrami served in a pretzel bun. It's a marriage made in split-personality heaven: turkey meets pastrami, pretzel meets bun.  Crispy rock shrimp is great tasting appetizer. On Mondays, I like the special meatloaf and mashed potatoes. Good selection of cocktails.YOU GOT SERVED. Water doesn't go dry.  Service is attentive. There's nothing arrogant about this place.
4	I really like the Arrogant Butcher. I have never had rude service and the food is always great.It is kinda the new happening lunch spot Downtown, so it can get crazy around noon. Know this and make a reservation!Happy hour is fun. Great specials. Love the pretzels & fondue. Get it, you won't regret it.The salmon salad is possibly the best salad I ever had.
4	The pretzel fondue is terrific! Also recommend the turkey bbq sandwich.I've been to this restaurant a few times and the only concern I have is that it gets too busy.  While it's great to see a business thrive, I find the staff sometimes doesn't know how to handle the amount of business it has.  More help might do the trick.
3	I was really excited to check out the latest lunch/dinner place downtown.  The atmosphere is awesome and I love the outdoor seating- A+.  The food was A-ok (B-/C+).  We came during lunch and I had the turkey sloppy joe with a roasted poblano pepper.  The pepper was a nice touch of kick to the sandwich but the sloppy joe meat itself was just okay.  My husband had the Bolegnese, which he said the sauce was really good.  My kids had the fish & chips plus the chicken strips.  Unfortunately the chicken strips were placed in the same beer batter as the fish and fried.  My normally adventurous - eat anything 6 year old took one bite and said "yuck".  I will give the restaurant another try and hope that 2nd try gives me food that is a "wow."
2	The location was great, hopefully an up and coming area of downtown Phoenix. We were there for happy hour and were very dissapointed. While our waiter was very friendly, he never came back to check on us once. The fondue that was raved about was mediocre at best. It was lukewarm and tasted like processed cheese. The "famous" onion dip tastes just like Lipton Soup Mix... good, but not famous. The chips were very good. We won't be going back, except for maybe just a beer.
2	Disappointed.  We were "greeted" by a semi-rude gentleman and when we decided to sit on the patio seemed to dismiss us immediately.  Our waiter was friendly, but never came back to check on us after our drinks and appetizers were served.  We were soooo excited to try the fondue and onion dip, but were sorely disappointed in both!  The fondue was super salty and "processed" (like cheese you get in those school fundariser crocks), and the onion dip was a less than perfect rendition of Knorr soup mix.  Overall, great location, but probably won't recommend or go back.
5	Had a excellent lunch here today. I ordered the shortrib stew and it was wonderful. My gf ordered a bowl of potato soup and a cheese/bread combo, she was pleased also.
3	Service on a sat night was slow but the oysters were fantastic!
3	I went for lunch on a Thursday and was seated right away. Parking was close using the garage. The menu is succint but creative. We had the pretzels with fondue and they were delicious! I ordered the Chinese Chicken Salad. Honestly, one of the best salads I have ever had anywhere. My friend ordered the prime rib sandwich. Everything was good and the service was pretty good. They had a lot of staff which is nice to see instead of having too little in a busy place like downtown. I like the idea of the restaurant and decided this would be a nice place for a pre-show wine and cheese snack! Overall, very nice place and very unique. Good for friends, not so much a date.
4	We stopped in on a pub crawl. Meh selection on tap, however I had the "pink drink" which was delicious (the rest of their signature drinks looked tasty as well).We did try the pretzels w/ provolone fondue. I would come back soully for that. Really interested to try the rest of their menu.
2	The service was great, but like all the other Fox concepts you pay too much for mediocrity. The short rib stew was good. The ribs were cold and the chicken pasta was bland. There are just so many better options in the area... What a disappointment. But I should have known better.
5	Food and service so good.  Everyone trying and sharing each others food as it was all memorably delicious.   I was expecting steakhouse based on the name alone, but this isn't correct. It is upscale American. Fun, relaxed but still classy atmosphere.Pretzel bread fondue is crazy good. White beans and scallops was the favorite entree at the table, but Green Chile and Tortellini were mouth watering too.Only downside was hostesses who didn't handle heavy rush well. We will be back frequently.
5	The family and I went there a few months ago.I loved the atmosphere and the food. The server was a little rude, but nothing too bad. The star of the night was the Bolognese, it was one of the best things I've eaten at a restaurant. There just isn't enough to say about how good it was. Although, at the time of this writing, I have heard that the Bolognese is no longer on the menu. There are other great things on the menu, but if the Bolognese is no longer on the menu, I have no reason to go back. Please bring the Bolognese back!R.I.P. Bolognese
3	Salmon not good. Maybe other food is better?
4	All I can say is WOW!  We stumbled upon this restaurant completely by accident and I am glad we did.  My family (two adults and two kids, ages 9 and 11) were attending a concert at the US Airways arena.  Before the concert, we wanted a meal so we walked to another restaurant which had a very long wait.  We walked by The Arrogant Butcher and decided to try it.  We were all glad we did.The meal started with a few appetizers.  My husband ordered 4 raw oysters and I ordered the pretzels and fondue.  I have to trust hubby who said the oysters were great because I was not about to try them.  The pretzel bites were to die for.  Completely fresh, warm, soft with a think, creamy cheese dip.  The cheese tasted much like the type I had in Italy.  The pretzels make the visit worth it.For our main meals: I ordered the fish and chips, daughter ordered a cheeseburger, son ordered the king crab and hubby had the special of seafood cioppino.  All were much better than expected even after tasting the appetizers.  The fish was perfectly cooked with a side of amazing homemade coleslaw.  The cheeseburger came on a fresh bun with the meat perfectly cooked.  Hubby and son both loved their meals.Service was good.  The only complaint I have is the kids ordered strawberry lemonade to drink and that is apparently a bar drink so we were charged for each refill.  I wish I had known that and  I would have ordered them a soft drink.  Atmosphere was fun.  Art deco with a bar seating area as well as tables.  The kitchen is open so you can see in.  A little pricy but not terrible for the area.  Cheeseburger was $9.00, Fish and chips was $12.00, 1/2 lb of crab was $18.00 and the special was $22.00.We will be back.
4	My girls were attending a concert at the US Airways Arena and I didn't want to be far from them as they are a bit young to be going to concerts in my opinion.  Anyway...  across the street is Arrogant Butcher and I'd heard great things about it.  I had high expectations and was not disappointed.  A great beer selection, great service and unique riffs off of chicken and shrimp made for a fun meal for my wife and I.  The crab stuffed chicken on a layer of spinach was delicious.  Before that we had a shrimp appetizer with fried mild peppers on top that was shockingly good.  We closed out with a salted carmel pudding that was small and tasty.  I'm glad they didn't give me more as I would have eaten that as well.  The portion was enough to be satisfying yet not so much that I was disgusted with myself afterward.It's very likely that I'll be there once a month now!
3	Immediately this place felt like one of the Fox restaurants.(And I haven't been in Phoenix for over a year!) Which isn't necessarily bad - it just ends up making me feel like I have been strategically targeted through focused research groups and lulled into believing this experience is unique.  The downtown area definitely needs a place like that, and Fox has a a knack for creating successful places.  I wasn't surprised to read up on it and see that it was one of the clan.I had already eaten by the time I met up with the group there, so I was happy they decided to do a variety of appetizers.  We ordered the Pretzel Fondue, Potato Fritters, Mussels, and Rock Shrimp.  The Pretzel Fondue and the Potato Fritters were definitely worth every minute I would have to spend at the gym the next day.  The Mussels were tasteless and the Shrimp was just a little greasy.Their cocktails are pretty creative and are a modern twist on some oldies:  The old  fashioned was good, but my favorite was the Rhubarb Collins.Our waiter was great.  He was attentive and fun with our medium sized group.  You could tell he enjoyed his job - and loved the food.  It was so much fun to ask him about the various dishes, and listen to him describe every texture, taste and ingredient in each.  Sadly, his description of the rock shrimp was better than the real thing.My rating is really a reflection on the "not really a chain" chain restaurant concept.  Admittedly, the place is cool, the menu is fun and interesting and a gem in the downtown area.
2	So I have been here 3 times and I really wanted it to wow me each and every time but it simply doesn't.  First time I was with a friend and we were drinking more than eating so when my ridiculously expensive bill showed up I almost threw up all the $12.66 martinis I had drank.  Seriously?!?  The only place in town where I wouldn't freak on that price is AZ88 because one martini and you are almost done in.  Our server was friendly but I had to tell her to stop rushing us, she came back every 10 minutes or so wondering if we wanted our check.  I told her I would flag her down when needed but that we planned on being there a while.Second time I went for lunch and everything was ok but not amazing.Third time was last night and it will most likely be my last.  Every month 3 of my lady friends and myself try a new place, I actually was the one to suggest here. We started at the bar to have a cocktail while waiting for our whole party to arrive.  When it was time to move to a table our bartender asked us to close out our tab.  Didn't even offer to transfer it which is standard.  We ordered a started of cheese, roasted garlic, prosciutto, cornicons and oysters.  The little nugget of cheese we received was just that, a tiny little nugget.  Now I am a huge cheese snob, I have my very own travel bag from Venissimo Cheese shop in San Diego and every time I visit I come home with roughly $100 worth of cheese.  I know my cheese, I know the cost, I felt cheated that we each only got a nibble.  The oysters were good, not gritty at all, but there were a few staple accouterments that were missing, tabasco and crackers.  I ordered the beet salad which was middle of the road, but I did like that the beets didn't have a loamy taste.  One of my dining companions ordered the steak which was overcooked so she sent it back.  It came back better but with the same sides on the plate, they literally transferred what was on her original plate to the new one.  Terrible!  You don't let a plate sit under the heat lamp while you redo something, you make a whole new plate.  The worst part of the evening was after our appetizer our server informed us that it was almost 9 and the kitchen closes at 9.  WTF!?!  We are already seated, you know we are going to order dinner, there were at least 5 tables full in our section alone and you feel the need to rush our order?!?  Lame is a word that doesn't even do it justice.  To add the cherry on that lame sauce sundae, they kicked us out into the cold to wait for our ride!  It was freezing and all I had was a thin jacket WITHOUT gloves, I was shivering pretty bad by the time my fiance rolled up.  He was pissed that there were 4 women standing outside of the restaurant we just spent a pretty penny at and if there was a place to park he would have gone in himself to complain to the manager. (Thanks for looking out babe!)I will finish this off with the positives, they had cocktail onions.  You wouldn't believe how hard it is to find cocktail onion served in this town.  Second their system for splitting checks is hands down amazing with us each getting charged 1/4 of the appetizer price.  I haven't seen that before.  Third the decor is nice.
5	I had NO idea that a place called The Arrogant Butcher would feed me one of the best meals I've had in my life on 11/18/11.  I was giving my friend the side-eye when he suggested it.  Cuz I already know meat eaters look at us vegetarians crazy when we go someplace OBVIOUSLY meat-affiliated then want to complain, "There's nothing here for me to eat!"  But he insisted, so I went with it.Umm...the Sweet Potato Tortelli is the BUSINESS!   Sweet potatoes, mushrooms, brussel sprouts and hazelnuts?  Who'd a thunk it?  Wow!  The combination of flavors and texture play...I could eat this all day...like for real-for real.   For dessert, we had yummy "hot chocolate" cake.  I left belly-full and grinning.  Just a few blocks from Stand Up Live, this was a great way to end a night of comedy!  The bonus:  they validate parking.
2	I love a good Fox restaurant. Let's be honest. They rarely let you down. I've been trying for months to get downtown to go to Arrogant Butcher, and was so excited when we finally had the time. The decoration, as we've come to expect from Fox, was phenomenal. What a beautiful space. The pretzel fondue, while identical to the dish at Culinary Dropout, was just as delicious in it's reincarnation at Butcher. The food was delicious, burgers cooked to perfection, the turkey sloppy joe is hearty and stays together, making it rather "unsloppy", etc. The reason for my 2 star rating lies with the service. We made requests that were minor (no mayo, no lettuce, etc.), and every single edit we made was ignored. Usually an easy fix, when we brought it to the waiter's attention we were met with lots of attitude and not a lot of assistance. It's unfortunate, because downtown desperately needs more interesting and tasty options, and this one left me with a bad taste in my mouth.
2	I had been anxiously anticipating when I was going to be able to try this place. I had heard so many good things from reviews and friends but I was underwhelmed with the food and the service.We went during happy hour after we did the Yelp Shopping Crawl so the place was packed and the atmosphere was nice. We sat outside but the space heaters kept us nice and toasty. We didn't have to wait to long before we got our drink orders in and we started off with an order of the soft pretzels and fondue. I have had this same dish at Culinary Dropout and they are so good (plus during happy hour they are a discounted price so even better). I ordered the Turkey Sloppy Joe which was pretty good (I did like it didn't fall apart like crazy), but I wished they noted that it comes with mayo on the menu. They didn't mind giving me a fresh bun that was mayo free. I really liked the side salad that came with it. A friend ordered the beef burger and they got his order completely wrong and our server didn't seem to care. I hate making a big deal out of messed up orders since you never know if it was the kitchen or the server and people make mistakes, but I think they could of been a little better about it. Everybody has a bad day occasionally, so I think I need to give this place another shot. The crabbed stuffed chicken sounds particularly tasty.
3	3.5/5 it's aiite.place already has a ton of reviews, but it's alright. i mean better than subway, but not the experience it sounded to be. or maybe i'm an SF food snob (likely).
5	We had an awesome meal here.  The pretzel balls are so good - you need to try them! We also had the rock shrimp which was amazing. I don't even like shrimp!  We also shared the fish & chips and they did not disappoint us either.  I tried the Peppers & Peaches martini and it sounds weird but was strangely good - I wouldn't drink a lot of them but 1-2 is fine.  Now I wish Fox would open one in Tucson so we don't have to drive all the way to Phoenix to eat here!!!
5	Love this restaurant!! My daughter and I had dinner on a Thursday night, and it was hopping! I loved the atmosphere and music was just the right level of loud.  Our server, Danielle, was amazing!! She was very attentive and took great care of us. The starters were very interesting. We had a hard time choosing, but decided on the goat brie with cherry marmalade and rustic bread-delicious!! Then we tried the homemade hummus with artichokes, olives and cherry tomatoes-all served with warm pita bread. Such delicate flavors for what I thought was a pretty ordinary dish. The entree was sweet potato tortellini with mushrooms, brussel sprouts and hazelnuts in a light butter cream sauce. It was one of the most unique and delicious meals I've had in a long time.  I will definitely be back!!!
3	Ordered the prime rib special an hour after the doors opened and they were already out. Found crab shell in the sweet tortellini. The service was great though and the manager did end up giving us the apps for free.
3	I'm in Phoenix for work and came here for lunch the morning I landed with friends from all over the country. Sounded interesting but the menu was pretty small and limited. I ended up ordering the pate and brie. They were accompanied by nice, crusty bread and homemade mustard and jam. I enjoyed it but being that it was the only thing that really appealed to me, I wouldn't think to go back. The prices for sandwiches and salads were on the high side. The quality seemed good based on what I saw being served at my table and our server, who we were all convinced was way too happy for his own good, was attentive and pleasant to say the least but just not my type of joint.
4	I had the honor of hanging out with three lovely ladies after stopping at Filmbar for a happy hour. We were STARVING so I looked up restaurants close by and The Arrogant Butcher was agreed on by all parties. After wandering aimlessly for parking (damn you Phoenix Suns for having a game) I was able to secure a parking spot and sashayed on over for some eats. We were greeted and seated immediately. The decor I must say is very different but nice. I was fascinated by their lamp shades. ( I know silly but hey I was) We started out with the crusty bread and olive oil however we had no plates, but we dug in anyway (an let me just say this was some damn good bread) Our waitress was like hmm would you guys like some plates for your bread? Hmm yes please ( ya think) lol  We all ordered something different from the sweet potato tortelli, yum, the turkey sloppy joe, which had a slight kick but not as spicy as you would think, fish and chips, and of course my dish which was black mussels with pommes frites. OMG! My dish was actually on the appetizer menu and let me just say I was in heaven when my dish arrived. It had the most mussels I have have ever had and the fries were just perfect. There were even bits of pork shoulder as well as cloves of garlic throughout the dish. Sweet baby jesus. Now mind you I was full, but I ate every last bit as it was not like I could take any left overs home. I liked it so much that I am contemplating going back ASAP just to have some more, so yes it was that good. A word to the wise, if you order a side of chicken let it be known that it will be a small portion for $4.00. A very small portion. (that is all)The service was good, the company was freaking fabulous and the food was divine. They even validate parking (thank goodness) so it made it all the better. An all around win in my book.
5	I have never had the kind of amazing food like the food I had at the Arrogant Butcher!!!  Not only is it very trendy and fun, but it is also just a great place for hanging out!  I order the pretzel bun sandwhich...have never had anything like that before I tried and it was out of this world.  It was one of the best dining experiences I had in a long time.  Everything was fabulous from the experience to the staff.  They also had wonderful cocktails and the happy hour was decent as well!  Highly recommend this place to everyone!
3	parking is ,meter street, garage or paid lot.  French Fries are really good and decent sandwiches. Good place to go when you're downtown.
4	Great pretzels.  Good turkey sloppy joe.  Definitely sloppy, but tasty.  I tried my boyfriend's pastrami on a pretzel bun. OMG...that pretzel bun was to die for.  So good!
3	Went on a Tuesday night with no reservations at 7 pm and was seated immediately, which was nice. It did get busier with a herd of conference guys showing up, but they were put into a private dining room.  Open kitchen concept was fun to watch and the overall decor was industrial/loud but it worked.Drinks: nice selection of specialty drinks. I had the Rhubarb Collins, made with vodka, rhubarb bitters and fresh lemon. It was delicious.  Wine selection was varied with prices from $8 - $12/glass.  Food: we ordered the pretzel nuggets w/cheese because I'd had them at Culinary Dropout and knew they were addictively good. They did not disappoint, and my friend who'd never had them before was beside himself once he tasted them. Simple, but brilliantly executed and you should order them. We weren't terribly hungry, so we ordered a bunch of meats and cheeses with accompaniments. The quality of the food was okay, but the quantity was very small (except the bread - there was LOTS of bread).  The cheeses were $5 each,  quite reasonable in price, but the portion of each one was TINY. I'm talking a 1 inch x 1 inch block of each cheese. Meats were okay, but pate lacked the black truffle punch the description advertised.  I order a lot of meat/cheese plates wherever I go, and this one does not stand out as one of the better ones.  The one good thing was that you can build your own, even with accompaniments, so you don't get any stuff you don't like.Service: friendly, but more than once I had to flag down someone to ask them for more drinks and other items we needed.  Waiter seemed overwhelmed even though at that point the restaurant had cleared out quite a bit. Would I go back?  No.  I prefer Culinary Dropout and Blanco out of the Fox restaurants. In that Central Phoenix area, I would go to Hanny's a block away next time. Swanky!
3	My daughter and I went there for lunch on our "day out" downtown.  We had a little bit of a wait when they discovered we didn't have "reservations", but it wasn't bad. The food was very good.  She had the sweet potato pasta dish, and I had the turkey sloppy joe.  We shared a pretzel/fondue which was pretty good.  It seemed like mostly the business crowd there, and our first waitress seemed to "dump us" onto another waitress so that she could go waite on some "suite and tie" small group, but our new waitress was very nice and helpful with wine suggestions.  Overall it was pretty good food, but not sure it was worth the prices.  The atmosphere was not too bad, but again, more business crowd than others.  We sat out side which was nice, because I don't care for most of the inside tables that seem to be so close or "shared" areas.  It seemed like trying to have a private conversation in those areas looked impossible, and pretty much saved for "certain groups".
5	Great food, drinks and service!  Tried this restaurant during restaurant week (fall 2011) and have been going back ever since.  I've been for lunch and dinner and the food and drinks are always amazing!  I especially love the soft pretzels and cheese fondue...please never take them off the menu!!!
4	Very good place to day drink on a beautiful Saturday. The oyster and mussle bar was awesome,very fresh could taste the sea :) their cocktails a wonderful I had "the last word" and my boyfriend had "the after school special" very refreshing! We will definitely go again!
3	We went there a few weeks ago for dinner on a Friday night.  We live downtown and try to promote the local businesses.Now granted we did not have a reservation but it wasn't that busy.  We checked in at the hostess counter and she never said "Give me a couple of min and let me see about a table" we got nada...  So we stood there for five minutes and then I finally said... should we go to the bar for a drink?  It was like she forgot about us.  It is the little things in customer service that go a long way and I wish some businesses would train their staff on those things.  I swear if I hadn't been wearing heels and already walked 5 blocks to the place I would have found another place to go.We finally got seated and we both got a glass of wine.  I had the hummus plate and kale salad which both were SO good.  I love it when restaurants have kale, its really underrated!  My bf had the butternut ravioli and it was super good.  The service was good but he seemed to disappear a lot, which was kinda annoying especially when I would have had another glass of wine had he come back to check on our meals.Wanted to give this place more stars but they definitely need to step it up on the customer service aspect.
3	Wanted a restaurant within walking distance of our hotel so picked this one.  Was ok:  Nothing major to complain about, but also really nothing to rave about either.  There are better restaurants to choose from.
3	I'm a big fan of FOX Restaurants, but just had an ok experience.  The decor and service were great especially for an after work rush.  Although, it is truly a verbatim Happy Hour that ends at 6pm.  Not the biggest fan of a short happy hour, but I understand that Downtown doesn't draw the same volume of people after work as Tempe or Scottsdale.We decided to sit at the hightop bar so we could get a great view of the place.  It's a very open concept with a nice view into the hustling kitchen and outward view of the US Airways Center.  Great urban vibe.The food is where it fell a little short. The Salmon sounded great with farro, fennel, and roasted apples, but didn't live up to it's $22 price tag.  Portion size was decent, but nothing outstanding about the flavor.  Maybe my time in NYC has spoiled my taste buds.Our bartender was also a bourbon drinker and recommended the Candlestick Maker.  She made a great drink.  I tried the Turkey Sloppy Joe feeling that the poblano peppers would pair well with the bourbon, but should have trusted my gut and figured that the sloppy joe was probably part of the kids menu.  Could really use some more zest and kick.Overall, it's a nice addition to CityScape and will definitely try to make happy hour again.Oh, the Artichoke Hummus was the best part of the night.  Make sure to dip in.
4	After walking to another restaurant I found on Yelp (and it being closed, that was a whole other review) and it was closed, I stumbled upon The Arrogant Butcher.This is probably not a chain, but still has the vibe of one (which are not my particular favorite type of place) this turned out to be a great find.Perfectly located across from the baseball field, they offered an excellent menu, and a good selection of local brews. The turkey pastrami sandwich I had which was recommended by the bartender was great. I was concerned about the pretzel bun, which I asked was it a tough bun, turned out to be awesome! He assured me that it wasn't and was right on!!Very helpful and pleasant bartender!Again not my type of place but I was pleasantly surprised and impressed!
3	I dined at The Arrogant Butcher last night while a Suns game was in progress. The place was packed on a Saturday night and you could definitely feel the vibrancy and energy throughout the restaurant. I was with a group of about 10 people and we had a great time conversing, our service was spot on and water glasses continuously filled.I loved the round dunkin donut sized pretzel nuggets as an appetizer. I ordered the Swordfish ($23) for my entree. The fish filet was about the size of my fist, so I'm thinking it was about 6 ounces. It was accompanied by artichokes, creamery barley, crushed chile and lemon. The Swordfish was just ok for me, I have had better. Oh how I miss Crab & Things.I will return to sample some other items on the menu. I'm guessing Swordfish is not their specialty.
5	You can't really go wrong with FOX. I am not much of a meat eater, but when I want meat I want a good bloody piece of steak and Arrogant Butcher did not disappoint. Its not the best steak I've had, but the service, sides, drinks and atmosphere def. make for an overall great dining experience.
5	Was at a conference recently (TPE/NASPA) and kept hearing fellow conference goers rave about this place. I heard it gets really packed and difficult to get in during the dinner time, so a friend and I ventured one early afternoon shortly after they had opened. We had no issue being seated quickly on the patio which was perfect for the lovely weather. Several of the dishes sounded tasty and the waiter was helpful in providing personal favorites depending on our mood. We split the pretzel tots with provolone fondue, amazing. Little pillows of heaven. Then I ordered the squash & pomegranate salad with added chicken, very creative and yummy. Also a large bowl, plenty filling. My friend had the pastrami on a pretzel bun which he said was also tasty, although he expected more flavor from the pretzel bun. I had heard the peanut butter dessert was amazing, and had full intention of ordering it, however alas I was too full. I wish I had tried this place earlier in my trip, I would have liked to go back for more!
4	I really enjoyed my lunch at this place. As a group of fabulous women, we grubbed at this place. We started with the hummus with veggies, pretzel bread and smoked provolone fondue, crispy bread, and the elephant garlic. Yum, yum, yum on the pretzel bread...we liked it so much we ordered it twice! It was excellent with the roasted elephant garlic...you like garlic you must order to elephant garlic! We decided to do lunch family style, so we also ordered the beet salad, jambalaya, and the short rib stew. Stew all the way...we ordered two it was so good with the fried egg on top. The jambalaya is spicy, so watch out...and the beet salad is refreshing. I truly enjoyed this well cooked meal. And you should too! Go eat here...you won't regret it!
3	Great atmosphere. We just LOVED the  Soft Pretzels & Provolone fondue so much we ordered two orders. We ordered the Montchevre Le Cabrie "Goat Brie", super, super, super tiny portion so don't plan on sharing it if you're hungry. We followed appetizers up with a Squash & Pomegranate Salad, turkey pastrami sandwich and the sweet potato tortelli. Trust me when I say that the sweet potato tortelli is UNREAL and you will NOT want to share it. I believe you get 6 of the dumplings with the dish, so again, don't share if you're hungry, lol.Food is great. Wish the cocktails were bigger for the amount of money they charge for them. Just saying.
5	Already a huge fan of Culinary Dropout and other Fox restaurants, I was super-excited to try this place. We had reservations, so there was no wait. The place has a very cool ambiance - nice, but casual. Everything we ordered was pretty amazing. To start, we split the roasted beet salad. Delish. My date had the Halibut and I had the Salmon. Both were cooked perfectly and I would have licked my plate, had it been appropriate. We were done with our meal, enjoying some wine (good selection, by the way) and had some time to kill before the event we were going to was starting. Even though there was now a wait at the door, our server (who was awesome) made NO attempt to rush us out. Excellent experience, great food, great service. Can't wait to go back. :)
4	The place is a bit crowded and getting a table can take a while. The food is delicious. Highlights include the pretzel appetizer and the Thursday fried chicken.
3	I have very mixed feelings about the Arrogant Butcher. Four visits on varying occasions have each resulted in different experiences and levels of satisfaction. I love the atmosphere and the overall experience, but the lack of consistency is noticeable and I have heard similar criticisms from friends. My first trip to AB was for drinks and a snack during a break from a sporting event downtown. I went over alone (to escape) ordered a Manhattan and an appetizer. The Manhattans were perfect (who stops at one?), and the charcuterie and cheese were terrific and served with some unique accoutrements. However, it was some time before I was able to order that first drink, and in fact, almost left after waiting at the bar for quite some time without acknowledgement - and there were only about 5 other patrons nearby. Once I did get someone's attention, everything was brilliant, but I can never understand a bartender not promptly taking a drink order.My succeeding trip was very similar to the first, waited at the bar with a friend for an inordinate amount of time before finally having our drink and order of cheese and some appetizers taken. The restaurant was not particularly busy and the bar staff was sort of milling around chatting rather than trying to make money by serving the two thirsty girls in front of them. Once we had our (very well crafted) beverages in hand, everything went swimmingly. This place does a stand out job of mixology and the bartenders, while less than attentive, do know how to make a great drink. Third visit - dinner date (no worries boys, it didn't go that well): Service was wonderful in the restaurant and I wish I could recall the waiter's name. We ordered a couple appetizers again went for charcuterie and cheese. The stand out for me was the pate - then again, I am always a sucker for pate. My dinner date had a steak and I had the sweet potato tortellini, which was simply wonderful. Fourth visit - birthday party for ten. This was again a super mixed experience. The restaurant seated us in a private room in the back, which was decorated with some very cool photos of Phoenicianicana. I was a little late in arriving so the crew had already devoured several appetizers and a plethora of oysters. From what I heard the mussels were a big hit and they liked the cheese plate as much as I did. The waiter was super nice, answered questions, took our orders and kept everyone's glass full. Dinner was a bit of a mess. Two of the guys ordered steaks with the $18 crab add on for a surf and turf, one filet and one rib eye, both of which came out overcooked. One of the gals ordered the crab, and the waiter came and explained it had 'fallen apart' so they were bringing a new one. They did fix the errors, but it is ever so awkward to have part of your party finished with dinner while others are waiting on theirs to show up. I ordered the scallops and they were perfectly cooked, but I had to bite through sand in about half of them, which is just a bummer. After we'd already had so many issues I didn't want to add to the aggravation in sending something else back to the kitchen. The GM did come see us, apologized and brought out a round of deserts. In a nice effort he brought two of each of the four desserts on the menu, which we all tried out. The stand out for me was the salted caramel pudding. No one really understood the warm peanut butter gelato, which essentially tasted like peanut butter soup. We were having a good time and we did appreciate the manager and waiter's efforts to apologize and take care of the issues.The Arrogant Butcher has a pretty sweet little happy hour menu and now that my office is now less than ten minutes away, I will probably be stopping back in to check that out and am certain I will eat here again. I just wish they could regularly be as great as I know they can be.
2	In agreement with other reviews, I have mixed feeling about this place. The weak point, the service. We had got our appetizers and five minutes later they brought the entrees while we where half the way through the appetizers. It was obvious we were still working on our starters, four half full plates of cheese and prosciutto. Instead of taking the entrees back to the kitchen, he dropped them on the table and left. One of the entrees was a ribeye, our cutlery was not replaced and had to ask for a meat knife, which tool me five minutes because none of the waiters was paying attention. The steak was nicely cooked, but having to leave half dish of a beautiful prosciutto on the plate or else the meat will get cold is not a good experience.
4	I've been here only once and really enjoyed this place.  I shared the baby back ribs and rib stew with my friends.  We were all moaning anf groaning from the savory goodness.  This is really awesome comfort food.  Also, they have some of my favorite wines on their list.  Just what I need after a long day!
4	I would definitely recommend you try this place if you're in the Phoenix area. I came here with a group of seven for lunch and we tried almost everything on their menu.Appetizers: house soft pretzels & provolone fondue, zucchini fritters, crispy rock shrimp, pateSalad: roasted beet saladEntrees: turkey sloppy Joe, prime rib french dip, jambalaya, sweet potato tortelli, beef short rib stewDesserts: warm peanut butter cup, blueberry cheesecake, hot chocolate cake, salted caramel puddingAfter tasting all the above, the dishes that stood out most were the pretzels, sweet potato tortelli, beef short rib stew, hot chocolate cake and salted caramel pudding. Please do yourself a favor and order ALL of these dishes. Steer clear of the french dip, jambalaya or blueberry cheesecake.
4	I was attending a conference in Downtown Phoenix...that's the only reason I was downtown! Arrogant Butcher was only a few blocks from our hotel, but we decided to drive since we were headed to the airport after wards.  It was extremely difficult getting there by car.  The roads were blocked and major construction was all around the restaurant.  Whew! We finally were able to park in the deck!  The restaurant did validate our parking, so that was a relief. The restaurant was packed, but our wait was only 10 minutes.  We started our meal with hummus, artichokes and sweet red peppers.  We added roasted elephant garlic as a side.  It was yummy...and the bread with the appetizer was pretzel bread.  My friend ordered the Turkey Sloppy Joe and I ordered the Turkey Pastrami.  Both sandwiches were on a pretzel bun.  Both sandwiches were yummy and I would order again in a heart beat!  Turkey can be dry, but mine was the right amount of juice with a great spicy flavor. Nice way to finish my trip to downtown Phoenix, but not sure if it's worth the trip if you're not already in the area.
3	Trying too hard to be the hip place. Perhaps the most uncomfortable chairs I have ever sat in at the bar but the atmosphere was very festive the early Friday evening we were there. The Sweat Potato Tortilini was not only meat free but creative and delicious. But for the price left both of us needing a second plates. There were too many negative factors to give it a great review, just average.
3	Overall I'd say I'm closer to a four star with this place but based off my last experiance it was a 3 for sure.  My wife or buddies hit this place up when we go to Dbacks games so it's a 5 time a year place for sure.  Last time was just ok.  The place looks great for sure.  We had a weird service change at our table but it was for the better.  The second server had a lot more common sense and enthusiaum.  We went a different route and did sort of a seafood platter that was pretty great but also pretty hard to mess up (unless you're Bluefin or Kingfisher, yuck!) My salad was offered to be split which was nice but was packed full of ingredients that we're listed but to me a real "game-changer", cucumber and zuccinni.  Can't stand them.  Poorly dressed.  I'm not gonna raise a stink but I figured I would of been asked when i only took a bite or two and then voice my issue with the salad but no one blinked... oh well.  Pretzles are always great! I'll be back for sure... best option BY FAR around the stadium!  Next time it will be a four star, I'd bet my life on it!
5	This place is wonderful!!! If you live anywhere in the greater phoenix or surrounding areas it is worth the drive down town. Parking is free in the parking garage with validation. The food is awesome and the service is great. The staff is super friendly and waits well on their patrons. We started off with the pate, pineapples, some cheese, and oysters. We shared the kale salad and the crab stuffed chicken and it was superb! My 3 yr old daughter even loved her meal. I'm pleasantly surprised that everything we ate was so well prepared and delicious.The baseball game had just let out and they were still able to get us seated in a timely manor in a spacious booth that could have easily accommodated a few more guests. Compared to many restaurants that I have been to this place really has it together with a homey and welcoming atmosphere. I have to give the arrogant butcher 5 stars!!! I feel fortunate that the events of the evening had landed us here for a fantastic dinner.I will happily return here with friends and family in the near future.Thank you for the fantastic experience and great food!!!
3	We ordered the swordfish, chicken pasta, hummus and daily soup (loaded baked potato). Soup was uninspiring but the hummus was loaded with tomatoes and artichokes was tasty. The swordfish was delicious, but didn't come with much else. The chicken pasta was good, but too simple for the price. I'm not from Tuscon, but I was expecting more from a restaurant located downtown for the prices. Go for the drinks though. The old fashioned is good and strong and worth the price. The polish fix is strong but less bitter flavor.
3	This place isn't bad. It's nothing special either. Avoid the meat & cheese appetizers...way overpriced. If there's no wait to get in, it's worth trying while you're downtown. Otherwise, go somewhere else and save yourself the wait.
4	Great prime rib, perfect location by the light rail and stadium.
3	I've been here a couple of times. The good: food is decent. Good location to downtown events. Nice patio. The bad: The quality of service leaves something to be desired. It is slow and sometimes non-existstant. Some of the servers should be more friendly and take more enjoyment in their jobs. Overall, this place is okay. Will definitely give it another shot.
4	Nice ambience, the cheese platter and cold cuts were wonderful.
4	Went there again for lunch and had a much better experience. I would just say don't get the burger. Everything else works :)
5	Love this place! A must stop for anyone downtown needing a snack or a drink! Very good happy hour and unbelievable flavor combinations.On my last visit, I was pleased to try some happy hour toasts and fish and chips. Zero disappointment.
5	Love this place!  Pretzel fondue is a MUST.  Roasted Beet Salad is amazing.  You can't really go wrong with any of the entrees - though Turkey Pastrami is a favorite of ours.  And if you love dessert, warm peanut butter cup or salted caramel pudding!The only thing I'd change about this place is to put it closer to my house.
4	My best meal so far in Phoenix. I had the Short Rib Stew served with a really good cornbread muffin. Everyone in my group enjoyed their meals. The highlight of the night was the salted caramel pudding (we ordered two more). I would come back just for that. Our server was cool and we got our food timely. If ever in Phoenix again, I'll be stopping by.
4	Went on a Monday night with a group of 8, our server was not very good....forgot to bring drinks, argued when we said the salmon was over cooked. But the manager recovered by buying our apps and bringing one of each dessert for us to share. Had the salmon, crab stuffed chicken, sweet potato tortelloni, mussels, and salads. The salads are big and they offer to split to make it more of a side salad. Pretzel fondue app and fried zucchini....delicious!!! Desserts were all good....would come back.
5	Started off with the pretzels and cheese and fritters. Both were great! Then for the main course I had the turkey sloppy joe which consisted of ground turkey, pablano pepper and pepperjack cheese on a homemade bun... Amazing! And I topped that off with the blueberry cheesecake for dessert (YUM!!!). Overall great food and a very good experience.
2	We came in extra early for dinner on the way to an event. The place was packed and on a wait with mostly sports enthusiast also on the way to an event. That normally is a good sign that things should be running well. I did notice the hostess using great restraint not filling every single table to pace the kitchen. Eventually we got seated, my husband ordered a drink off the drink menu, I thought they might run too sweet so I ordered what I thought was a common drink that you can get anywhere a bloody mary. The waiter comes back very apologetic and tells me they don't have the ingredients to make a bloody mary and hands me the drink menu so real fast I picked skinny mojito not realizing it was raspberry flavored because I picked it out too fast and didn't read it all. He brings it over and the color is bubblegum pink. So I tried it and there was no way anyone anywhere can drink this drink, it really was that bad the chemical taste was overwhelming. IT WAS THE WORST DRINK I EVER TASTED ANYWHERE and I wasn't even able to chug it for a buzz. I do note my husbands drink was drinkable but left an after taste in my mouth and he also couldn't believe how horrible the raspberry mojito was.We decided to share and start with two cheeses that come with two chunks of bread each and a tiny pot of rasp berried cherries. This was the highlight of the meal and I am not a fan of rasp berried cherries. However the cheeses and bread was fresh cut to order and that is how it should be done.When we finished my waiter did notice I pushed away the drink and asked me if I wanted to try another drink. I said no, I will just drink water and he took it away. (and off the bill)I decided to try the salmon and envisioned it tasting good with apples and farro. But what I received was less than a dieters portion as a whole, the fish had a nice sear on it but wasn't as fresh as I like and was a little over cooked but edible. A very small amount of spinach and fennel garnished the fish that was approximately a tablespoon total. I could tell just by looking at the farro it wasn't cooked. I was brave and decided to try the farro and it was undercooked being very chewy and also was what I am thinking might have been end of the pan because it also was HARD AND CRUNCHY and I could have damaged my teeth eating it. I also wasn't a fan of the flavors because this entree was as sweet as dessert. Little tiny light like small water chestnut shape things were elevating the salmon and they was odd, honestly I thought they were water chestnuts but they turned out to be the apples that I forgot about. I doubt that this dish is suppose to be this was and do chalk it up to them being massively busy and running out of food. But this dish WAS A TRAIN WRECK and I was steaming over the crunchy farro that was HARD to chew.My husband had the jambalaya, he said the chicken in it was very dry and he thought all the ingredients were cooked separately and then just tossed together.We were checked on when we were finished at that point I really didn't feel like bringing up the farro after that traumatizing pink drink.My husband meant well and was sorry he picked this place for dinner.
4	I have been wanting to try The Arrogant Butcher for a while.  I heard good things but the reviews are mixed.  The service was excellent but the food was about average.  I would go back, because it is close to Chase Field, but with lower food expectations.
4	We went on a Tuesday night and the restaurant was busy for Happy Hour.  Our server was great. We sampled a couple of the cheeses and the toasted almonds which were great.  I tried the halibut which was well prepared, my friends tried the bbq ribs and the steak and liked their entrees too.  The desserts were good too - warm choc cake, salted caramel pudding and the peanut butter.  Great location to stop before a DBacks or Suns game.
5	We went there twice on a 5 day trip to Phoenix. Loved it so much the first time we wanted to go back two days later. We are really big fans of True Food Kitchen, a sister restaurant and we were not disappointed - even with the highest of expectations. We had the Kale Salad, Rock Shrimp Pasta, Pretzel Bread Fondu, Sweet Potato Tortelli, the Seabass and the Peanut Butter Cup for dessert.  (Remember, we were there twice!). The food was soooo incredible. I don't think I could choose a favorite. They are all that good. They have a great bar with a well stocked selection of beers, wines and liquor (at least I noticed my favorite; Maker's Mark). The service is just as good. We sat down right at our reserved time (on a Saturday night) and were greeted by the most personable waitress. Cute, bubbly, friendly and knowledgable. She took our drink order and told us our waiter would be with us right away (which he was). A little disappointed that she (Melissa) wasn't going to be serving us, but our waiter was great. A bit later, Peter, the GM, came up and thanked us for coming in and wanted our feedback. Actually said my wife's name and our last name. Really made us feel like welcomed regulars. The only problem we have with the Arrogant Butcher is that we don't have one in Southern California.  I hope that changes soon.
4	My wife and I love coming here, especially for their happy hour.  Their appetizers are hard to beat.  The cheese/bread/jam combinations are delicious; and the pretzel fondue is addicting.The main menu is just as delicious, and has a great variety.  We've yet to find something we don't like.  The service is quite good as well, some waiters can be a bit spacey, but for the most part they are good and quick.My only complaint is that they close far too early, even on the weekends.
4	very very good.  Yes, it costs a bit more than other "lower" restaurants, but the doting waiters are great.  Very helpful staff, always ready, but not "in your face" as some do.  Had the surf and turf, which was very good.  crablegs (already shelled) and a good portion of bone-in ribeye grilled to perfection.  The mixed drinks weren't watered down, and the coffee great, especially with the chocolate cake.  It was my first time there, and definately will be going back.
5	This place was, hands down, amazing!I'm visiting Phoenix for a conference, and decided to check out Arrogant Butcher after reading many positive reviews. I really liked the feel of the place as soon as I came in, very modern and industrial-looking. Although the hostess was missing, a waiter saw me looking confused and immediately seated me. He was very friendly and sent a waitress over quickly; I wish I could remember her name, she was really personable, too.I ordered the short rib stew, and the waitress said it was her favorite dish. I can see why! I'm not a big fan of spicy food, but I took a chance since I'm in the southwest. It was incredible! The meat melted in your mouth, and the fried egg was the perfect touch. And the cornbread? I would go on a Zombieland style, shotgun-toting Twinkie-run for that cornbread, it was that good.This place might be a little pricy, but it is worth every penny. There is a lot of thought that goes into their menu and food preparation. I hope I have some excuse to come back to Phoenix just so I can eat at AB again!
4	What a special  treat! I came here with 3 of my friends and our server was so friendly, prompt and positive. I had soup and a side house salad. The soup had bacon flavor and was just amazing.... I wish I could remember the name of it because I seriously want to go back and have more. I highly recommend this place to anyone!
4	Yum yum. My ex and I came here to celebrate our first night of being in Phoenix as we just moved here. The atmosphere gave off a pleasant vibe, and it wasn't too dark or noisy. Mind you, the Tilted Kilt was right next to this place, so I thought it was going to be crazy loud, but I was wrong! Our waiter was really nice, talkative, never had an issue with him or the service. I had the jambalaya which was pretty awesome. My ex got the stuffed crab, which was good as well, though his was a pretty small portion. He shared the rest of my jambalaya, which was huge - I couldn't eat it all myself! The drinks were PERFECT. The beer on tap was awesome and I had 2 cocktails that blew me away. I liked this place a lot and I'll definitely be back.
5	Pretzel fondue was yum but what they need to showcase is thier salted-caramel pudding. I'm convinced there's no pic on here because NO ONE can snap one before devouring it. Well played butcher, well played
4	I've decided that I like places where the menu is not 5 pages long. This way, you know what the restaurant is good for and known for and you go there for those specific items or specialties. Arrogant Butcher was a place that fits this description. It's located in downtown Phoenix which is very close to US Airway center and the Chase ballpark. The place itself was quite huge with three different seating areas (the bar, main dining, and private rooms). The staff was nice overall and service was prompt because every server pretty much helps out each table. I know this may not seem like a huge factor but I liked it. We ordered the pretzel and fondue which seems like a hit for everyone. it was good no doubt, but you would prolly get sick if you ate too much of it. As for the main course, I had the King crab cioppino which was excellent! Gf had the short rib stew which was also excellent. We polished those dishes until it was clean and was full with satisfaction. Drinks were on the okay side. I had an old fashioned which was kinda watered down. Overall though, it was a very enjoyable experience with the food being the best part. Will definitely repeat again!
4	Service started out bad.  We likely sat at the bar for a good 15 minutes with no employee saying anything to us.  Once we started to get served drinks though the bartenders were friendly and attentive.  Great happy hour.  Had some lemon cocktail with fresh raspberry puree on top.  So good I drank 3!Hubby had the antipasto plate and wasn't that thrilled with it.  I had the soft pretzel bites with the cheese fondue.  It was FANTASTIC!  The best soft pretzels and cheese ever.  I can't recommend them highly enough.
4	Short on the menu, great on the plate.Hit this spot for a work lunch. Wait staff sat us quickly, then got us drinks shortly after sliding into the booth and taking orders.  Food came out together, about ten minutes after ordering.  Little on the loud side.Food options are on a brief menu. Our group had various salads options and the tortoli (sp?).  The latter is a ravioli-type pasta, plus a heart attack. Amazingly tasty with a very rich filling.  Probably a pound of butter in the dish.  I received some good advice to order it with the chicken to balance the meal out and that was dead on.  Those in our group who had the salads spoke highly of them, as well.Fun place and one to visit, again.
4	I had never heard of The Arrogant Butcher until last week when some friends and I were trying to decide where to meet for lunch. Needless to say, we chose somewhere else... so when I saw a Meetup group doing a happy hour here, I thought it was the perfect time to try it!We ended up get the pretzel bread balls and fondue and the hummus. Both were amazing! The hummus was a little spicier than I thought it was going to be, but it was actually quite flavorful.I kinda wished we stayed for dinner since there was so many things on the menu that sounded delicious. I'd definitely go back and try more!
3	I had two meals here, in December 2011 and in April 2012. The decor and concept are cool. The menu reads with the promise of a great meal. When your food arrives, it looks good and is well-plated. Then you take a bite. And think, with almost a mental shrug, well, it's pretty good. The edge of disappointment. I don't remember but one thing I ate from either meal. But what I do remember is the gold lining, a delicious dessert version of a peanut butter cup. Warm golden peanut butter pudding of sorts with chocolate sauce. It is an eyes rolling back in your head kind of dessert. Coffee and dessert after a show would be a great option for this restaurant.
4	Just finished a delicious dinner at The Arrogant Butcher! Arrived downtown during a DBacks game, but we were still able to secure some of the best seats in the house with no wait. I highly recommend sitting at the kitchen bar if you get a chance. Brian & Brian (unless they were kidding us) were great to watch at the apps/salad station. The charcutterie (salumi, pate, cheeses, antipasta) is the way to go!! We sampled salumi, pate, olives, elephant garlic, and a brie like goat cheese. It was the highlight of the meal!We also ordered the soft pretzles & cheese fondue, which was good. I prefered the mustard that was paired with the meats on my pretzle pieces. My husband had the prime rib special which he said was quite good, and I had the sweet potato tortillone. It was also very good.  Next time, and there will be a next time, we plan to skip the entrees in favor of more from the antipasta options & hit up the salted caramel pudding dessert!The only reason I cannot give my visit 5 stars is that one of the managers rudely and vulgarly reprimanded one of the chefs right in front of us. I had been having a great time until then. I didn't appreciate the cursing & I certainly didn't need to be a part of seeing a person belittled & demeaned with my dinner experience.
3	We stopped into the Arrogant Butcher for happy hour before a Diamondbacks game. It wasn't too crowded but our service was really slow. We sat around for a long time before anyone came to take our order and then our food got to the table faster than our beer got to the table. We were given the lunch menu and I have to say that there wasn't much on it that sounded appealing. The one thing that did sound really good were the pretzel bits with provolone fondue, and it was quite delicious. The $5 happy hour serving is definitely big enough for two people (about 10 pretzel rolls and at least an entire cup of melty yummy cheese). I don't think I'd want to eat a meal at the restaurant, just based on the menu, but I would happily get the pretzel & fondue again.
3	I stopped me here after learning about it a few hours before on Yelp.  I was trying to find a place downtown so that I can meet up my play step-dad ...lol, he was out in Phx on business (my mothers boyfriend-they have been together forever and a day) I thought what the hell let me check this place out. I love that the location was downtown. I am never  in downtown Phoenix on a Friday, so I thought it would be hella busy. Well well, it was hardly nobody down there. I guess I am use todowntown in Chicago (use to live there for some years before moving to Phx) or Los Angeles (grew up there, because these downtown cities are busy all the time. Well, when we arrived there was no wait, well I did may reservation on Open Table, but still even if I hadn't we still would have been seated right away because it was not busy. I would guess if there was a game going on that day, it would have been a different story. Anyway, we ordered the pretzel bites with cheese, I thought it was good because I was hungry but after a well I found that the cheese was to heavy and thick for me, but still alright.  I had the jambalaya it was cool. I did enjoy the ambiance of the restaurant. I just was not blowed away by this restaurant at all. It was not bad, I am just not sure if I will ever come here again. Maybe if I am downtown one day.I believe I was more blowed away by the simplicity of getting downtown and just hanging out down there.
4	I went for lunch and ordered the chopped salmon salad - delicious! The salad is pretty large (and rightfully so for $13) but I managed to eat every last bit. Plenty of chunks of salmon on a bed of kale.I'd recommend making a reservation - at 12:30p it was packed!
5	I dined at TAB for te second time before Neil Diamon this last week and was blown away. The restaurant was packed, busting at the seams with energy. The staff was friendly and smiling as they hurried about. I was sat quickly and greeted promptly by my server Ryan, even with so many people in the place. We had oysters (awesome!) the kale salad, crab stuffed chicken and a filet with shrimp added on the side. The food was incredible, and I still can't believe how effiecintly it all came out, one course after another without missing a beat. Even my old fashion was top notch! We ate a full meal and had an experience that rocked our expectations all within an hour. Neil diamond had some tough competition to live up to after dinner! This place is so friggin awesome I can't recommend it high enough, all I wish is that I worked here!
5	Straightforward and just plain good.  We popped in to get a quick burger before walking the the Crescent Ballroom which is about five short city blocks away.  You can easily take the light rail here by getting off at the station that is just east of Central. The wife and I each had a burger, I had a local beer and she had a Hendricks Gin martini.  We sat at the bar and had great service from the bartender who was attentive, but not too into our business.  We had a night of drinking ahead, and he kept our water glasses full at every turn, which is something any good bartender should do instead of only focusing on the alcohol.  When ordering the burgers, the only choice was the side (fries, coleslaw or side salad).  So not cooked to order, just cooked.  We liked the simplicity.  I had the side salad, which just came tossed with a house vinaigrette that was great.  While I was surprised that I wasn't offered a choice of dressing, I liked that I didn't have to give a bunch of specifics-- I loved just ordering the burger and not having to make a bunch of choices.   I am the type of customer that like to experience the food as the cook/chef decides to put it together.  I am not picky and often find that leaving those decisions to the chef make it more fun for me.  The place is very clean, and the kitchen is open-air, right in the middle of the restaurant.  You can watch as they prepare every item.  Everything was priced reasonably.  The special was prime rib at $25 a plate.  The burgers we had were $10 each, the beer was under $6, and the Hendricks martini, which was basically a double was $13.50.  All well worth it for the quality.  The burgers were fantastic and the fries were fresh cut and crispy.
4	Excellent food and ambience, a tad pricey, but it is downtown Phoenix.
4	AZ restaurant week!  Hurray!  Had the $30 3 course meal and it was excellent.  I loved the selections - especially the Kale salad.  good times for all.
4	Great food, wonderful service, fun atmosphere.
4	We stopped in for Happy Hour and it was freakin' packed-Standing room only.   The happy hour menu was awesome!  $6 for a beer and shot, $3 pretzels! The visit was brief, as we just bar-hopping....I cannot wait to go back.Note:  Upon initially looking at the menu, I was pretty much in shock with $36 Ribeyes.  But upon closer inspection, there are actually some decently priced meals.
4	I was in town from San Diego and stumbled upon this gem thanks to all you yelpers! Great steaks and hip young vibe. Will definitely return when I'm in the area.
3	Loud and pretentious and a bit pricey for what it's worth. I had the babyback ribs and they were pretty good. Fries were ok. Coleslaw was great (so my girl said, I don't eat that crap). I was about to order the filet mignon but didn't, and I think that was wise because someone else at my table got one and it looked like a tiny 5 oz cut for $30+. I was not very happy with the customer service, their waiters/waitresses were all over the map and not friendly. And what's with the little paper menus that look like they have been handed around to the entire world? They were dirty and caked in sauces and grime. Martinis in Marie Antoinette Champagne glasses was a little odd as well.
4	Friday night HAPPY HOUR and we were HAPPY!$4 Mules (ginger lime, yum!) and $4 basket (yes, BASKET!) of pretzel bites with provalone fondue. DEElish.Market Salad was fantastic. Fresh ricotta, grilled corn and just the right amount of dressing. Turkey Pastrami on Pretzel Bread was a great as well, but a bit small for $12.Service was excellent. He advised us on parking, gave us plenty of time between apps and the main meal and even managed to get me an extra drink for the Happy Hour price (it was 15min. past 6pm).Overall, a great experience. We will surely be back!
3	Went here before the Jason Mraz concert and the Rock Shrimp appetizer, beers and cocktails were very good, however the service was a little slow. I ordered the angus cheeseburger and it came with a 1000 island dressing and pickles, a glorified Bigmac, what a disappointment.
5	I love Arrogant Butcher - the food is delicious and the customer service is great.  I especially love the tortelli add grilled chicken.  And you have to save room for the salted caramel pudding - it's a must!
5	The Arrogant Butcher is a great place to visit as long as there is nothing else going on in the area.   The night before my visit was an 1 1/2 hour wait.   Tonight I got in with no problem and the service was excellent.  For an appetizer I had the Pretzel Fondue which was excellent.  My only complaint was that I had only eaten two bites and my entree was at the table.  It worked out well though because the bites needed to cool down so they became dessert.   I had the meatloaf special which sounds weird at a place like this, but it was excellent.   The meat loaf tasted great and the green beans were steamed just right with a little bit of seasoning.  I recommend that if you do go here that you save room for dessert.  I missed out on a few things that sounded great.
4	I really liked this place.  The service was excellent and the food was quite good.  I had the scallops over corn puree with mushrooms and pancetta (I think it was pancetta) and it was so yummy I've been trying to reproduce it at home.  My friend had the meatloaf and loved it.  Nice mix of comfort food and more modern cuisine here.  Drinks were good too.
2	Stopped by for a few a few drinks and a appetizer about 830 on last Saturday nightAfter wanting to stop by for sometime I was disappointed.The guy bartender with the Bow tie who was obviously gay spent the whole time We were there flirting with the guy next too me and my girlfriend. After 15 minutes we got our first drink never once offered a menu so we finished our drinks wanting a second but after another 15 minutes and waiting never even was offered. I was very Disappointed and think it was very unprofessionalF
3	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):7 Food7 *Drinks*8 Service9 Atmosphere6 ValueCityScape is deservedly notorious for really shitty design with regard to its (lack of) integration with the rest of downtown, but the Arrogant Butcher portion of it is pretty spectacular in how it makes love to the corner for all pedestrians to gape at.And I really like the interior environment of AB, too.  The service is also really crisp.Everything I've ordered has been average-to-very good, but the menu doesn't excite me much -- which could very well just be a matter of taste.  Dishes that I have particularly enjoyed, though, are the Italian Grinder sandwich, and the pretzel fondue (which i love love love).In my experience, the drinks read better than they actually taste, but I am a big fan of the Streetfighter (which isn't on the menu anymore, but I hope they can still make it next time I'm in).To sum it all up, I definitely enjoy Arrogant Butcher, but usually only when I find myself nearby.
4	Really good. Soft Pretzels $5 during happy hour were great.  Tear in half for dipping so you get enough cheese sauce. French Dip was yummy.  Beef was juicy and awesome, horseradish all zingy in my sinuses.  Great overall meal!
4	I flew into Phoenix late Saturday morning to visit a girlfriend of mine. Once she picked me up from the airport, off we went to start our weekend of eating and catching up. Our first stop was at The Arrogant Butcher to grab some lunch. Located in downtown Phoenix within walking distance to US Airways Center. We parked in a nearby parking garage for $12 -_- While you won't find an arrogant butcher at the restaurant, you will find:1) a hip and stylish atmosphere2) good food3) attentive serviceWhoever the interior designer is for this space should really receive recognition. I loved everything about it from the floor, to the walls, to the furniture, even the bathroom was awesome. The combination of modern with a slight touch of trendy, vintage, and shabby chic (I clearly can't pinpoint what type of style they were rocking) was very inviting and just plain cool. The food was good--it wasn't great but it wasn't bad. Me and my friend shared THE MARKET SALAD: sweet corn, tomato, asparagus, & local ricotta. I ordered the TURKEY SLOPPY JOE: grilled poblano, pepper jack cheese & turkey with fries. My friend ordered the BEEF SHORT RIB STEW: green chiles, a fried egg on top, and a side of cornbread. Our salad was crisp and refreshing--easily filling if you order a salad as your entree. My sloppy joe came out alright, nothing to rave about, but the fries were delish and the mini jar of ketchup that came along with my fries was a very nice attention to detail and a nice way to keep the ketchup contained instead of having a glob of it all over my plate. My friend's short rib stew came served to her in a mini Dutch oven: super cute. The stew was really good with chunks of tender short rib mixed in with the runny yolk and fried egg whites. The only thing negative thing about the stew was it was a bit salty. The cornbred was moist and not as gritty as some other cornbreads tend to be. Our server was extremely attentive. When he found out I was visiting from CA he struck up a quick conversation since he grew up in San Diego.I thoroughly enjoyed my time here. Next time I'd like to come back, sit at the bar, and try some of their enticing cocktails.
4	Was at the Arrogant Butcher meeting up for happy hour with fellow Yelpers for the CMYE: Opening Night of Giselle and I have never been here before but had researched the reviews and knew right away I wanted to try the Soft Pretzels with Provolone Fondue, it seems Yelpers can't help by to Yelp about them, and let me tell you, OOOMMMGGG believe everything you read about them, they are soft yet firm bites (more like 2 or 3 bites) of balled up pretzel dough with the right amount of salt that gets to be dunked in this heavenly pot of provolone fondue, yes this is a perfect dish! Ok enough of them, everyone talks about them, now onto other things I tried.The artichoke hummus with olives & tomatoes and flatbread, yes that was good, was it memorable, no, it was ok.Also tried the chicken liver pate with pickled onions toast, my friend ordered these because she wanted to try it, I was game, my 1st bite was great, the red pickled onions and the pate mixed together was a perfect blend, but the 2nd bite, that's where it turned way too salty for me to enjoy. Now the local ricotta & roasted peppers toast was so delish! It was toasted perfectly, the ricotta & peppers with balsamic vinegar was omg cosmic, was very very sad when it had disappeared! Yep I think the next time I am their I am just getting the pretzel fondue & ricotta & roasted peppers toast haha oh and I heard The Fix is the drink to get!
4	Are we still in Phoenix? That is what you will think upon entering the Arrogant Butcher. This place is definitely first class with classy clientele to match. I met here with a group of fellow Yelper friends for Happy Hour dinning before the ballet and was pleasantly surprised I had never been here before. Since they were gracious enough to extend Happy Hour to the group I grazed my way through most of the appetizers and enjoyed them all! I really like their "toast" aka bruschetta offerings. I was even daring enough to try the chicken pate toast and was surprised at how flavor that one was, the pickled onions on top of it were sweet and crunchy perfectly contrasting the smooth and salty chicken liver! Yum! If you want to imbibe and don't  really enjoy the harshness of strong alcohol but want that "lifted" feeling I would highly recommend getting "The Fix" that baby is smooth! I could've drank those all night long but I'm glad I didn't because I surely would not have been able to walk to the car. All in all I'm glad Yelp turned me onto this place I will surely be back soon.
4	Went on a Saturday night before a comedy show at Citycenter, and the place was packed already at 6pm.  Sat at the benches that overlooked the open kitchen.  Kinda cool and the staff did a great job getting the food out fast.  Atmosphere was modern and present, similar to other Sam Fox restaurants.  Food was good, had the scallops, but for the price the portion was on the small side.
4	Nice, good service, AND CHEESE!!! Variety of fine cheeses = amazing. Like all Fox Concepts, unique food and cocktail selections. I'd go again... and I'm a vegetarian.
5	Great, fun atomosphere! Service was great! My wife and I had a wonderful date night here.  The fillet was nicely cooked and the sides were just as good.  Average prices but great value! Highly recommend this place for date night!
4	What I Ate- House soft pretzels and provolone fondue- Sweet potato tortelli- Grilled asparagusWould I Go Again?The word I would use to describe this restaurant's food is "bold."  The sweet potato tortelli was fantastic--very strong sweet and salty flavors.  The portion was kind of small, for which I was grateful.  The flavors were so "bold" that I don't think I could've eaten any more.  The grilled asparagus were great--again, very "bold" flavor with olive oil and vinegar.  Lastly, the soft pretzel bites and provolone fondue were outstanding!  If only my soft pretzel at ballgames tasted like these pretzel bites and the cheese dip like this provolone fondue!  The Arrogant Butcher was great, and I would like to come back next time I am in Phoenix.
5	Obviously this place is amazing... it already has 280 reviews. Grabbed lunch here on a Thursday around 12:20pm with a girlfriend. Was told there'd be a ten minute but we weren't kept more than 4 minutes at best. Plus the hostesses were very sweet. In fact, most of the wait staff was good looking. Speaking of good looking, the decor in this place is fantastic. It's a bit noisy and realy thrives off the hustle and bustle of the staff but I loved on attentive the waiters, managers and hostesses were to each table, some not even there own. Small booths have these fantastic burlap covered cone hanging light fixtures and there's a romantic sheer curatined off back room that's probably for intimate banquets. Holler.We ordered the highly reccommended strawberry lemonades and to quote my waiter, I too, highly recommend the strawberry lemonade. My gal pal and I split the House Pretzels and Fondue and the Grilled Chicken T-somthing salad. Let me tell you, the pretzels changed my life. This wasn't a dinky, over-priced pretzel basket. It has huge pretzel squares that were too big to even fit half in your mouth. THey're so worth all the carbs. And I loved that the salt didn't come off when you picked them up.The salad was fantastic too. They wre so nice to spilt the salad in 2 bowls for us and keep the dressing to the side. Feta cheese, almonds, grilled chicken, vingertee dressing. Yes, it was sex in a white bowl.Would go back here and try their antipasta. Sam Fox is a culinary genius.
5	Great meal, excellent staff, amazing ambiance!  Another Fox success.  We will be back for sure.
5	Best salads in Phoenix. Always unique and original, but everything works. The wait for a table can be a while and the wait for drinks can be excessive, but its worth it. If you've never been here you need to stop by.
3	The concierge at the Westin recommended this restaurant and given the few  restaurant choices in downtown Phoenix it was okay, but the menu was limited and the "butcher" name not indicative of what was on the menu. The kale salad was nice and the halibut slightly tough on the outside and come with little for the money  The drink menu was interesting and the outside seating pleasant.
4	Went to grab drinks and appetizers here before a Suns game, and really loved it. Great ambiance, and loved that they open the bar windows up on nice nights allowing for a breeze. Right in downtown close to US Airways Center, many other bars, and the metro link. The cheese plates are outstanding, and both the lunch and dinner menus offer both different and traditional meals. Will definitely be stopping by here anytime I'm in Phoenix.
4	We just went for drinks and snacks.  Wonderful happy hour choices and the zucchini fritters were so yummy and fluffy.
3	Our visit was with high anticipation. We love some of the other (Fox group) restaurants.  Our first impression was good as the place was busy and energetic.  We were greeted at the table with little urgency but the unique and popular entrees were described when our server learned it was our first visit.  We decided to try a cheese and meat starter which came to the table much too late.  The entrees were good but in our minds not a great value.   With high hopes in all we found our experience to be an average one.
5	When was the last time that you went to a restaurant and were still bragging about your experience two weeks later??? This is exactly what I am doing about the "Arrogant Butcher."I went there a couple of weeks ago with a bunch of folks from work. We had a private dining area and our servers name was Mark. He truly made the experience AMAZING!  His detailed, vivid descriptions of the entrees and desserts were comical and had most of us in tears. You could almost smell and taste each item as he passionately went into detail.  The appetizer- soft pretsels with cheese..OH EM GEE!!!!!!!!  Why doesn't every restaurant have these??? The crab stuffed chicken......AMAZING!We shared several desserts, one which was a peanut butter cup......stand back Reese's......you have competition now!! =)The manager came in later and had a professional, yet funny, manner about him as well.  What a great team they are.
5	Butcher you get 5 stars for the Turkey Pastrami.  I meet my girlfriend here for lunch a couple times a month and have never been disappointed!
3	11/29/123.5 stars... First visit!Bookmarked this place months ago, and I finally had an excuse to make the trip from North Scottsdale... I'm taking Mom and aunt to see Cirque du Soleil's "Dralion" at the US Airways Center!  Thanks to friend and fellow yelper Dolores G.'s helpful info on where to park, I made the decision to choose Cityscape for both the chance to dine at The Arrogant Butcher and have my ticket validated AND take advantage of its proximity to the arena.  She wasn't kidding when she said that US Airways was across the street!  After waiting about 20 or so minutes for first availability, we were seated outside, and my views were of the four-way intersections, pedestrian traffic, and of the front of the arena, which were lovely given that most of my dining experiences have been in strip malls, Old Town Scottsdale, the Biltmore... suburbia.  I was able to sample a couple of reds before settling with a nice glass of Sebastiani cab from Sonoma.  While waiting for our table, we all decided we'd try the Artichoke hummus app http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/yNPh5SO-7wr8HPpVCDPbXQ?select=pMVWRf_4YH3y8gA7yX4NfQ#pMVWRf_4YH3y8gA7yX4NfQ, the Market salad http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/yNPh5SO-7wr8HPpVCDPbXQ?select=p8euqv1jrWI3dHs6F8Qw8Q#p8euqv1jrWI3dHs6F8Qw8Q, the Beef short rib stew http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/yNPh5SO-7wr8HPpVCDPbXQ?select=M50fqAft6N-pxOxsrjgaQA#M50fqAft6N-pxOxsrjgaQA, and the "Fish and Chips."  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/yNPh5SO-7wr8HPpVCDPbXQ?select=aaSSAu-_xck3KUofcyT-hA#aaSSAu-_xck3KUofcyT-hAWe all loved the artichoke hummus and pita bread app!  The bread was soft, yet had a nice chew, in spite of it not being warm and crispy.  The artichokes had great flavor, especially those that were touching the tomatoes.  We also adored the Market salad, which had so many textures to delight the mouth: mixed grains, chewy cranberries, sweet and crunchy gingersnaps, and creamy ricotta... Mmmm!  Loved the almost-nutty bite of the roasted butternut squash.  I plan to order this again on my next visit!  We also really liked the Beef short rib stew: I liked the smoky flavors of the beef and the green chile peppers, but my favorite were the beans!  Some were still chunky, while the others had tenderized down to almost like a dip you spread on crackers and crostini.  I didn't think the fried egg's presence made much of a difference...  I could take it, or leave it.  Since I couldn't sample the cornbread muffin (allergy), I had some of the fries from the fish entree with the stew, instead.  Mom and aunt enjoyed the crispy fish!  I really loved the batter, which was just the perfect amount to cover the fish and give it a very delightful crunch (and was the dish ever so pretty to look at!).  However, I found the pieces to be very salty, and I couldn't stand more than two or three bites of it.  I think my Mom would very much like to return, and so would I.  :)  I am going to try to make it here earlier for happy hour soon.  I really appreciate the location of Cityscape, its parking garage, and its easy access to many restaurants, shops, and entertainment venues!
4	Wow, one of the best filets in Phoenix.  I was skeptical but VERY impressed.  You can pay extra for some steak toppings such as lump crab meat or shrimp, but be forewarned those sides are miniscule.  Not worth the price - stick with just the filet and the sides it comes with.  Plenty of food.  Be sure to order to pretzel bread with cheese as an appetizer!
2	The business name is appropriate - arrogantly providing a less than exceptional value.  Drinks - a few sips of liquid but mostly ice.  Food - $8.00 antipasto was a small cube of cheese, a few paper thin slices of salami, and a few marinated olives with a teaspoon of mustard and a teaspoon of cherry compote.  We were supposed to get a couple of slices of bread but had to ask three times and wait ten minutes to get it - by then the entrees had been sitting there for five minutes.  The Thursday night chicken special - highly recommended by our waiter -  was basically "OK."  The  short rib stew was a bowl of gray gravy with very little in it - really had to search for any evidence of short rib meat - a few very small bites were finally located.  The locatiion is terrific - sitting on the patio people watching before a Suns game was enjoyable.  The waiter was reasonably attentive except for the bread problem.  Definitely wouldn't go back.
5	If I could add fireworks and shooting stars to this review, I would.  These guys saved the evening last night for my friend's birthday.  After a scheduling snafu at The Blue Hound, The Arrogant Butcher graciously accepted our party of 20.  I was dubious about how the service would be due to the large group, but they exceeded my expectations.  We had a dedicated server who was extremely nice and resembled a cheery Christmas Hobbit.  Drinks came out fairly quickly and after a short wait at the bar, we were shown to a private dining room.  The have a really adventurous cocktail menu so if you're feeling brave, give it a go.  Bring your smartphone as you may have to google many of the ingredients (I enjoy exposure to new things so this is definitely a plus for me).  The pretzel fondue appetizer is heaven on earth encased in doughy salty cheesy goodness.  The chicken stroganoff was pretty fantastic as well and they get extra points for house made pasta.  I found it odd but charming that the menu listed "frozen peas."  (More points for honesty!)  My dining companions seemed very pleased with their meals and one person was especially enthusiastic about the mussels and oysters.  Desserts were fantastic as well.  The warm peanut butter cup is nothing short of amazing.  It's the kind of thing you would say is "just okay" in order to avoid sharing.  The salted caramel pudding was delicious as well.  (And if you all could turn that salted caramel pudding into bread pudding, I will personally head up a new religion devoted to it.)  I learned about this restaurant a couple of years ago at the Devoured event and it's been on my to-do list.  Although we didn't set out to dine here last night, I'm certainly glad we did.  Thank you Arrogant Butchers!
2	Yep, Pretty Arrogant at the Butcher's tonight.  Wife and I had our choice of places to visit in our first time downtown Phoenix to eat in years....The reviews were so in Arrogant's favor, yet really let me down, wife was satisfied....It is obvious by the other 400 reviews that the Butcher just had a bad night with us.  Told we would be seated in 10 min, they forgot us and did not even have us on the list.  Had to ask three times for water, brought all of our food out at once, that would be cheese, salad, oysters, and our dinners, even though we asked to be sure to pace our meal.  Did not give us the "upgraded" wine list.  Did not have Med-rare piece of prime rib, sent back, and was charged twice for the meat.  It must have all just been a big mistake, cause everyone else has had a great experience!We won't be back.
4	A cool spot to get some drinks and grab a bite. It has a very hip atmosphere and the food is good. With the lack of options downtown this is a go-to spot. The only thing I would say is an issue is the service. It's pretty slow and unattentive, at least at the bar, and service is key.
4	We had a nice long debate about whether to give this place 3 or 4 stars (from an account that has given 5 stars to pho places in the avenues). In the end, it came down to how well the restaurant met EXPECTATIONS.If you have been to Tucson, for example. a very comparable restaurant is Hub. Similar atmospheres and rich, hearty, flavorful foods. But that place is in crappy Tucson so, pretty much having some edison bulbs down there scores you a 5 star review on the 'hip vibe' alone. But Arrogant Butcher is in downtown Phoenix and has nearly 300 reviews around 4 stars. One should EXPECT more than the typical Fox template. The decor and service is excellent as expected.  However, the letdown came when, after enjoying the hummus plate and pretzel fondue, the angus cheeseburger came to the table. Good but so far below expectations. With all the other great items on the menu, they should have just axed the forgettable burger plate (or improve it to Zinburger status). Also, be aware that they stop taking reservations 48 hours in advance. So, though our wait on a Saturday night was only about 15 minutes, you may want to plan ahead.
5	Absolutely loved this place! My fiance and I came across the Arrogant Butcher while we were in Phoenix celebrating my birthday and our engagement. My fiance had found it on yelp and said "we must go there for lunch one day" while we were there. We ended up going here for my birthday dinner, after a "higher end" establishment couldn't accomodate my gluten allergy. The food, the drinks and the waitstaff were great! It was so good, we went back the next day!
3	3.5 Stars: Good service, great location, but I felt that the food was a bit over priced and not a good value. The food that we ate was excellent, but not sure I would be willing to pay the price for that portion size/quality
4	The scallops were awesome! Service was a little slow but worth the wait.
5	I came in today with a group of 22 colleagues for a last minute holiday lunch. The service was outstanding even with such a large group. Drinks were kept full and the food came out fast! As always, the food was great and at the end, Chip (our server) split the bill for all guests! I don't know another restaurant that would have accommodated us the way they did!
2	Like the 2 stars says - Meh. I've experienced better.  Hostess met us at door, but then had to run and get more menus before she could seat us.  Back she came with the menus, which were printed on non-laminated sheets of paper - the one I got had food stains on it and was torn in a few places - not what you'd expect from their prices.Next comes the server - both my partner and I ordered their soup, which when it arrived was tasty, although not hot, temperature wise - just kind of warm, like you'd serve a baby.  When he came back to take our order, we asked if we could have a salt and pepper shaker on our table - I guess they remove them for some reason during dinner hour and don't replace them?  Kind of strange.Then they sat a table right next to us with an obviously intoxicated group who were dropping "f" bombs and ordering from the same server shots that would knock you out.  Very loud and obnoxious, yet the staff let them continue and continued to serve them.After serving our entrees, entrees to the table on the other side of us, and only serving more alcohol to the aforementioned inebriated and obnoxious guests, the server disappeared.  All tables were done with their food, the inebriated guests resorted to going to the bar for more, since the server must have gone on his smoke break, or whatever.When he finally came back, we asked for our check, left his money, paid an left.Total cost - $55.00 for 2 soups, cheeseburger and fries, and a bowl of jambalaya with small shrimp.Horrible atmosphere, horrible service, fair food, and horrible value.  Don't expect this to be a pleasant dining experience based on their prices.
2	Another jewel in the Fox crown-read amazing look and feel but outrageous prices for food that's really nothing special.  A few of us went to lunch the other day and one of my buddies orders the prime rib french dip.  The server asks if they would like mushrooms, peppers or onions to which my friend replied yes, please.  They were kind enough to charge $2 EACH for said add-ons so $6 total additional charge.  I mean seriously, I can get ten pounds of onions for two dollars...I ended up splitting a chicken club and a ~1 oz. cheese 'plate' with a friend and we both got iced tea.  $24...to top it off the waiter was kind of a dick.I probably would never patronize a Fox restaurant again if I didn't get hooked up with gift cards on occasion.
4	Road warrior review:  ate by myself at bar.  Fantastic service. Local beers very good.  Mussels could have used more broth, loved the creativity w the corn and fennel sausage in the dish, it's hard to nail mussels in the desert.  Oysters good, no horseradish though, I consider that an oyster staple.  Nailed the turkey pastrami on a pretzel roll, food was fresh, vibe good, I'll be back.
4	Check out my blog review and photos:http://food-tales-and-other-fun.tumblr.com/post/24288477879/
4	I've been back a few times and had great service and delicious food.  I think most restaurants struggle in the first month.  I would recommend the Arrogant Butcher to anyone headed Downtown for dinner.  The pretzels with fondue are my fave.  The cheeseburger is great, too.
4	I had the pleasure of going to this place yesterday! I had a WONDERFUl time sitting at the bar . Christain made me the BEST COSMO ever! She was awesome in her service and attitude. I had the opportunity to meet Melissa a manager who was so customer oriented and cared about me having a great experience. My food was very good and I will go back.
4	First of all, I'd like to say the that the Arrogant Butcher, and especially the General Manager completely redeemed themselves.  After the first review I wrote last week about a not so stellar experience, I was contacted by them and allowed them to contact me to discuss.  The General Manager, Peter, was very apologetic and asked if we would be willing to come back on a credit of what we originally spent and let them try again.  We graciously accepted and worked out a convenient time to return - which was last night, just 8 days after our original visit.  Everything about the 2nd experience was different.We were given brand new menus (no food stains or rips.  We were met by the General Manager shortly after being seated and welcomed back and appreciated for giving them a 2nd chance. The server was very knowledgeable about the menu - asked us on a few different occasions if we had any questions, and when we did explained the food choices in detail.  He was virtually always present and available, yet he had several other tables in the area he was also attending to - which he seemed to be giving everyone the same excellent service we were receiving - nice to see.We ordered the soft pretzels and provolone fondue as a appetizer - definitely enough of an appetizer for like 4 people - we ended up not eating all the pretzels to save some room for our entrees - which were exceptional.  One of us ordered the filet mignon which was cooked to perfection.  The other of us ordered the crab stuffed chicken and I can't stop raving about it.In addition to the exceptional service the waiter provided, Peter also checked in with us from time to time and repeatedly thanked us for giving them another opportunity.  Must have been an off night the first time - which happens, but what speaks volumes is how Peter and his team "made it right".  Also, he comped the entire meal, which was greater in price than our original - not expected, but very much appreciated.Thanks Peter and Arrogant Butcher - we are now fans!!
4	My wonderful Yelpy App helped me discover this place while at a conference at the PCC. Myself and four friends came here for happy hour after our conference and were not let down. We were immediately seated in the patio and greeted by a very friendly server. Since we had never been here he was very helpful in explaining the menu, happy hour options, and making recommendations. We took a little while to decide, but they were patient and accommodating. Between the four of us, we ordered "The Mule", "The Maid and "The Fix" as drinks and "The House Soft Pretzels," "The Artichoke Hummus," "The Zucchini Fritters," and a cheese plate to split. All were delicious. However, there is a reason that the Pretzels and Fondue are mentioned in 53 reviews! If you come here for nothing else, at least try these once in your life. Each of us ended up liking the others' drink and for our second round ordered two Mules and two Maids. Our waiters knew there were four of us, yet they only brought two pieces of bread with the cheese plate. This made us all look at each other awkwardly, and we had to wait a little bit before we got more bread, but this really wasn't a huge deal in the overall experience.Yes, I switched our server from he to they, because all of a sudden it seemed like we had four different waiters. I'm not sure how they did it, but every time we needed something, any server would help us, bring us what we needed, and the other servers somehow seemed to know what the others had done. If this was just a fluke then it went over just fine, but if this is their serving concept, I recommend that they explain it when they approach the table. A lot of other reviewers have mentioned the awesome atmosphere, corner hugging location, and decor, and I must agree that this place has it all. Upon sitting, I immediately recognized the red metal chairs and asked if this was a FOX concept, because they were the exact same ones I had sat in at the newly redesigned NoRTH in Tucson. Now I see why they were trying to duplicate the look of the Phoenix location, it's pretty awesome.
3	Came here for beers after the kansas state pep rally for the fiesta bowl. They ran out of light beer, but the waitress kept our drinks coming, even though it was packed.  2 twenty-ounce hefeweisens was about $12 with tips. Didn't try the food, but would come back.
4	Stopped in for a quick drink before a Suns game ... They were pretty busy (as are all the places right before the game) but we got a table for 4 pretty quickly.  I only had the hummus, but it was so amazingly addicting, I can't wait to go back and have it again.  I also had the Candlestick Maker... a wickedly delicious concoction of Maker's 46, lemon, apple and honey.  So good, I had a 2nd one. =)   There aren't many main entrees that appeal to me, but I would go back for a couple more of those apps!
4	I went here on a Saturday and was VERY excited to see they had happy hour. We had the shrimp appetizer, which was fantastic and The Fix (amazing drink and very inexpensive). The bartender was super nice and friendly, we will defiantly be back (for happy hour).
3	Not too shabby! I feel like they need a little more variety in their menu. Other then needing at add a little more food options, everything else was wonderful! The food was delicious; the atmosphere was relaxing and fresh. Every single person working had a smile on their face and helped create a friendly atmosphere. When I return to the area I would like to try a few other places, but may come back to try another dish.
4	This place is great! Spent my birthday dinner here... chill ambiance. Had a nice room for larger parties. Friendly staff. Food: cheese & pate = okay. pretzel & cheese fondue = DELICIOUS! sweet potato tortellini = SUPER DELICIOUS! Overall, fun time and good food.
3	I wanted to go to Arrogant butcher for a long time and finally ended up going a couple weeks ago after the Tequila Fest with the BF and Erin B. and her BF. I wasn't super hungry after the festival, but still wanted to get an appetizer or something to fill up for dinner. We were seated quickly and the service was good. My main issue with this place is their selection of appetizers. It isn't very broad and there wasn't anything I really wanted to order.... I wish they had a little more variety in their apps. So I ended up ordering a main to share. I got the short rib stew dish. It was good, it was spicy and savory. The cornbread that came with it was just ok. I also tried our friends meals, both the tortelloni (which was a little too sweet and small for the price) and the pretzels with cheese fondue (pretty good stuff). My other issue with this place is that I think it is just a touch too expensive for what you get. The food didn't amaze me, which I expect when I order essentially a bowl of soup for 15-16$. Anyway, I would give it another shot, but it isn't on the top of my list for places to return to. PS while we were there we saw 2 famous people eating there...so that may be some of the appeal (Xhibit and a football player from the Cardinals).
4	Second time trying out a restaurant at Cityscape and first time at a Fox concept restaurant.  Verdict: 4 stars.  This is an upscale bar type of American restaurant that serves many dishes only found in upper end restaurants.  A variety of cheese, fondue appetizers, excellent artichoke hummus, raw oysters, and main entrees ranging from jambalaya, short rib beef stew, sweet potato raviolis and cioppino specials.  I personally did not order a main entree, but my friends did and they all looked amazing.  I had their pastrami sandwich with handcut fries, which I thought was amazing from the sesame seed bun to the meat.  Blueberry cheesecake was good as well!  Decor was modern and had all kinds of seating, anything from the bar to booths to regular tables.  We had a very knowledgeable waiter as well and he sure knew how to upsell.  It is a fairly pricey place, but you do get what you pay for.  Reservations are recommended, especially on a game night if you want a table.
4	I had been wanting to get to Arrogant Butcher for a while and finally ended up here on Saturday night. First let me say, we were about 20 minutes late for our reservation and they got us in RIGHT AWAY. No complaints here. I was fairly shocked that they were able to accomodate that..very pleasantly surprised. Next, our waiter (I wish I could recall his name...) was seriously EXCELLENT. We told him we had never been here before and he told us all about the menu, what he recommends..etc. He was very prompt and attentive..always made sure our glasses were full and we were happy. I have nothing bad to say about him :) So we ordered chicken fingers for my daughter (I know this is not a kid friendly place but we were headed downtown to suffer through Disney On Ice for her so this was the least she could do for us..right?!!) and they were SO GOOD. Their batter was nothing like other chicken strips...I would definitely get these next time I am here. My mother in law got the Sweet Potato Tortellini which she loved..she did say it was a small portion for what it costs but she enjoys small portions so this was no big deal to her. My husband got the Chicken Stroganoff, he said it was "good" not great but "good". Now, I got the daily sepcial which was the Prime Rib...I ordered it Medium Rare which it definitely was and I can not complain about that...however, not only was my PR not warm..my scalloped potatoes were barely even lukewarm. So, I get that Medium rare PR will not be hot but my potatoes...it felt like mine was sitting under a lamp for a long time waiting for my 2 yr old's chicken fingers to be done since they were inedible for about 10 minutes. All in all, I would say we were pretty pleased by the restaurant. It is very cool inside and had a great feel. I dont know that my PR was worth the $25 it cost. But, I would come back to sit at the bar and have a drink/apps with the husband minus the two year old :)
2	I can summarize my experience here in one word: "Meh." The food was good, though there weren't many vegetarian options (yes, I know it has "butcher" in the name, but for an upscale restaurant I expected at least a couple of options).The atmosphere was hindered by the TVs everywhere, it was very bizarre to be sitting in a darker and personal restaurant and then have ESPN everywhere you looked.The food we did have was quite good...the kale salad had delicious dressing. My zucchini fritters sat under the warmers (I could see them from where I was sitting) for nearly 10 minutes after our other food was brought to us before being brought over. The cheese was good, though the bartender didn't know much about it.When we first sat down, she told us the kitchen was closed (at NINE?), but then checked with the kitchen and said they're still open. She remained unfriendly the entire time.Very disappointing since this restaurant was recommended by hotel staff and a guest at the hotel who overheard. I've also visited other Fox restaurants in Denver and had wonderful experiences...not sure what went wrong with this one.
5	Another large birthday group and another fantastic evening.  Once again, we had Teddy and he rocked our socks.  Food and drink were served expeditiously despite the large group.  Filet was fantastic and the drink of the week (Ruby Red) should be a staple on the cocktail menu.  It's literally a glass of yum.  The blueberry cheesecake was divine and I was a tiny bit sorry that I shared instead of ordering my own.  Well done, butchers, well done.
4	I've been here a few times for lunch. I debated between giving this place 3 or 4 stars, but decided on 4 since in comparison to the other dining options downtown, this is better than average. HOWEVER, I feel like the atmosphere (really cool furniture and decorations) of this place is much better than the food and service. The food is always good, but slightly off. When I ordered the BLT the tomato jam on the bread was too sweet. When I ordered the turkey sloppy joe it was again slightly too sweet and the side Cobb salad it came with was drenched in too much dressing. Also, if you go there for lunch, except to spend at least 1.5 hours there (even if you make a reservation ahead of time).  Service is not very fast at all.  Also I don't really like how tables are sooo close together that you feel like everyone around you can hear your conversation very clearly and vice-versa.One thing I can praise wholeheartedly is the pretzel fondue appetizer.
3	Lots of reviews, A solid 4 stars. Why was I not feeling it? Well, the food we tried was good. We had the pretzels and cheese which was good.The zucchini fritters were was not what I thought it would be. The texture was the problem- It was shredded and then fried. Not firm. Sort of squishy. Then we tried the warm peanut butter dessert which my husband loved and I got the salted caramel pudding. It was ok. Not as DECADENT as Culinary Dropout (their sister restaurant) but it was lighter. The atmosphere was fine. Parking is a pain but it is for all downtown restaurants.  Maybe it didn't hit me because I couldn't read the menu. It was dim. The menu uses small print and a light thin font so you can't read it. Had to take out the phone flashlights to see anything. Not cool.
4	Me and a couple of my friends did dinner here the other night and Im really glad we did, its great to see so many new and well run venues in the downtown area. We were on our way to a Suns game and decided to stop in for a bite. I decided to do some "carb loading" and had the soft pretzels and provolone fondue and they were awesome the pretzels were nice and soft and the cheese was a perfect companion,  followed by the chicken stroganoff which was very nicely done and the sauce was just the right consistency not too thick and not too soupy. The service was very good and the downtown vibe is actually starting to feel like it is getting a pulse.
4	I was pleasantly surprised by my lunchtime visit to the Arrogant Butcher.  I am sometimes underwhelmed by Fox Concept restaurants, so I went in with fairly low expectations which were thankfully exceeded.  The service was helpful and very friendly.  She was great at suggesting items and drinks, and steered me towards the AMAZING lemonade/vodka drink with fresh muddled raspberries.  It was refreshing and delicious - so fresh!  The crushed ice was a really nice touch.My lunch was the chicken club sandwich with fries.  Wow! Delicious!  Chicken, ham, bacon... really great flavor, and the bread just put the dish over the top.  I also enjoyed sampling my friend's fondue with pretzel bites.  It was a great experience, and I'm looking forward to a return visit.
4	Yes this place is BA. Try some charcuterie - especially the pate. The turkey pastrami sandwich is amazing. The bloodies could be better tho.
4	Recently visited this place for lunch and was pretty satisfied with what The Arrogant Butcher had to offer. I have made it a point to try all of the Phoenix City Scape restaurants and become familiar with the lunch menus of these restaurants.Upon entering the restaurant, we were greeted by a graciously hip host who made us feel very welcomed. The ambiance of the restaurant was pretty cool and the location is perfect for downtown lunch commuters. I had the turkey pastrami sandwich and my friend has the cobb salad. The turkey pastrami sandwich was really amazing and the lunch portions were satisfying enough. I am not a big turkey fan but I will be calling this one of my all time favorite sandwiches, the coleslaw that accompanies that sandwich adds much need texture and is also refreshing. The fresh parmesan fries were great as well.Plan on visiting this place during your lunch break if you have an hour or more. The place was not busy and it took around 25-30 minutes to receive a sandwich and a salad. This is the only reason why I did not rate a 5/5. But overall great resaturant, good food, good prices, good ambience, good drinks, and great experience. Will visit again soon.
5	My one (and likely only) experience at The Arrogant Butcher was for happy hour, and it was one of the best mixes of food, drink, and value I have ever had. My friend and I were in town for a WWE event at the US Airways Arena, and decided to stop in here for food and drinks beforehand. We took a spot at the bar and was pleased to see a great selection of Happy Hour specials - both food and drink.We ordered the house soft pretzels with cheese dip ($5) and the Antipasti plate ($8) to share, and each ordered one of their toasts ($4) - my friend went with the roasted peppers and boursin cheese, and I opted for the chicken liver pate. The soft pretzel order was HUGE - I've seen portions half the size for much more at brewpubs - and were DELICIOUS. The toasts were a nice surprise - ample portions, and great quality ingredients. The chicken liver pate was divine - so smooth and creamy. The Antipasti plate provided an ample portion of meats and cheeses, all great quality. At $11/person, we were happily stuffed with bar munchies of the highest caliber.Beer selection here is limited, but they do offer some decent options. Guinness, Sierra Nevada Pale Ale, an IPA from Deschutes, and their local selection was the famous Four Peaks Kilt Lifter, that seemed to be everywhere I went in Phoenix. (They also had a Hefeweizen, but I don't remember where from.) At $3 for the local brew and $4 for the others, this is a great Happy Hour option. I'd love to try them for dinner, but I can't imagine when/if I will be in Phoenix again. For happy hour, I give them my highest of recommendations.
4	I'm a huge fan of Fox Restaurants, so whenever I'm in the area for a Suns game or for business, I try to stop here for a bite or drink.  My favorite item on the menu is the Turkey Pastrami Sandwich (Coleslaw, Swiss, Pretzel Bun), $12....it is soooo good!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-arrogant-butcher-phoenix?select=oALX-Epc5ncGx6Aa93_DfQ#oALX-Epc5ncGx6Aa93_DfQThe atmosphere is very casual and fun.  It's across the street from US Airways Arena, so it will be extremely busy on nights when the Suns play.  Awesome place to meetup for a pre-game drink though.Return Factor - 95%
2	Went here while visiting Phoenix based off of the yelp reviews. I really don't understand why this place seems so popular. I thought it was just like an overpriced TGIFriday's. I got a burger, my husband got scallops (three scallops for $23!). Food was just OK, service was fine but not too friendly. There was a hour and a half wait if you didn't have a reservation. I wouldn't recommend it.
4	The NY strip steak was prepared perfectly and was excellent. Everyone enjoyed all the food at our table, including all the desserts. The big standout for me - the service was terrific.
2	Pretzel bread is buttery and fluffy. But that's probably it. Everything else is mediocre.Slow service. Plain food. Lunch menu is small and uninteresting. But VERY busy for some reason around noon.So make reservation and you can get yourself a spot among the Very Important-looking People. But I don't get the hype.
5	Great place and cool staff!  Cool atmosphere too.  Always good to know another great downtown spot!  Sit at the food bar!  The cooks are so awesome to talk to and you always have people taking care of you!  Crab legs are amazing too!!!
4	The food was surprisingly good.  Being downtown I did not have high expectations but everything was good.  The fondue is a must!
5	Best new your strip I have ever had!
4	We were thrilled to get a last minute reservation on Valentines Day. Our experience started off with our incredible server-wish I could remember his name! He was knowledgable about the menu and his recommendations were spot on to each of our tastes.We started with the zucchini fritters. They were unique in that they had cheese inside but could have used a bit more seasoning--but nothing that the delicious aioli couldn't fix!For my main I ordered the sweet potato tortelli. It was a dish that intrigued me from the menu and our server recommended it as well. It was good but in my opinion could have used sage to give the dish more flavor. My husband got the short ribs stew which he raved about. The cornbread that came with the stew was so good, not too dry and just enough kick from the peppers inside. We finished with dessert which were perfectly portioned. We split the cheesecake which was to die for and the chocolate cake that was great as well.
4	A nice place for happy hour!  After watching a lovely show at The Orpheum, we were feeling quite peckish, so we headed over to partake in the discounted delectables that The Arrogant Butcher had to offer.  I also just wanted to eat here because I dig the name Arrogant Butcher. From 3-6 PM they offer appetizers such as pretzels with cheese fondue ($5), fried shrimp with shishito peppers ($8), and artichoke hummus ($8).  They also have a decent selection of mixed drinks, wine, and beer at a reasonable price for happy hour.  We indulged in all the appetizers described above, and left with full and satisfied stomachs.The pretzels came in a big basket, and are pretty much like the pretzels you will find at Culinary Dropout.  They are fairly large, doughy nuggets, and go well with the cheese fondue (It tasted like some type of cheddar concoction). The fondue was good, but a little grainy.  The shrimp were nicely cooked, and had a nice tender texture to go with the crunch of the light batter.  The shishito peppers were good as well, and were mild in heat.  The hummus was a very nice presentation, and had a wonderful array of textures and flavors, from the smooth, almost creamy hummus, to the pieces of artichoke, olive, tomato, and sweet red pepper.  The pita bread that was served with it was grilled, with a pillowy center.  Service was decent and drinks were refilled as needed.  Definitely a good spot to eat at if you're in the downtown area.
3	The food was good service was mediocre and the whole thing was WAY over priced.
1	I think the other reviewers were eating at another restaurant of the same name. This place is awful. I wanted a salad and iced tea for lunch. The tea that came was passion fruit not black tea and the waiter did not inform me of that. The salad was OK but the dressing was very spicy. Again no info on menu or from waiter. The noise level even at lunch was deafening. Recorded music like Coldplay very loud. I asked to be moved away from speakers or to turn it down. No response. The wait staff was inattentive. Save your money. The arrogant butcher deserves it's unfortunate choice of names.
4	Good drinks and a nice array of food.  We enjoyed oysters, some cheeses and our meals were all very tasty.  Great place in downtown Phoenix.  Well recommended!
5	Went there last Friday night with some friends on our way to the Orpheum. The place was packed and there was a line out the door, but thankfully we had reservations so we got right in. The food and drinks were incredible and the staff treated us like royalty. Unfortunately, I didn't get our waiters name but he is one of the best waiters we have ever had. A friend of mine who has traveled the world,said this is her new favorite place. We will definitely be returning.
4	We checked this place out on Saturday for dinner and it was amazing. I had the scallops which were divine, husband had the filet which was very good, two other friends got the sweet potato tortelli which they enjoyed and one other person got the prime rib special, which he said was very good. We started with a cheese plate which was full of yumminess. We skipped dessert and went next door to the Lustre at the Hotel Palomar for drinks after.  All in all a very good evening and we will definitely return.
5	2nd time here. Came for a dinner with the parents and wife.  Pretzel bites are amazing and reminded me of a childhood treat. The Beef Short Rib Stew was to die for, as long as you aren't scared of a little fried egg. All around an amazing dinner!!
5	So my friend and I decided we were going to do the First Friday artwalk downtown in Phoenix this past weekend.  Living in north Scottsdale like we do, we don't get a lot of opportunity to get down south so it sounded good.  Apparently, tho.. we are not very arty as  our artwalk consisted of walking in one bank building and the room in it with old pictures of Phoenix on the walls and then we were done and ready for a cocktail..  Hey, go with what you are good at I always say!!! We started at Copper Blues and had a drink there first.. I had heard about the Arrogant Butcher and that was going to be ultimately our final destination.     BTW.. Copper Blues is pretty darn young.  I hear that the bands are good later but at 7 pm.. not so much my style.  So anyway, we were in the City Center but I swear we could not find the Arrogant Butcher. We walked in four bars along the way trying to find it... and the one on the roof was pretty cool.  When we finally got to the Butcher, we sat at the bar and were immediately attended to by a very nice bartender.  My friend had been asking for some kind of   liqueur that she got in Europe when she lived there and not one of the bars that we entered had it but the Butcher did!  Made her night...:) We decided to eat light and ordered the pretzels with provolone  fondue and the Kale salad.  OMG.  I could have eaten the entire bowl of pretzels with cheese myself. Screw the diet!!! LOL... super tasty. And I really liked the kale salad too.. I personally am not a fan of their salad at the Quarter but this one was delish... it had marconi almonds and an amazing dressing.. and it was $5??? And that was not a happy hour price? Score!BTW, the bar can get pretty crowded because of its proximity to the arena ... a game let out and there was some nice eye candy walking around which was enjoyable... so the whole trip was worth it... even with seeing no art.
2	Do not order the fish. Greasy with a capital G and it wasn't cooked thoroughly. However I enjoyed the goat cheese Brie and chutney with crusty bread appetizer. My friend had the stew. She thought it was decent but wouldn't order it again. We think the fried chicken should be available every night.
4	If you're in Phoenix for a few nights and aren't really sure or convinced if there's great food to be had around here, go to this place. You are likely to come away pleased. I was. Great location - in downtown, right by the fancy shmancy US Airways Center, and a great looking place at that. Recommend getting the beef stew, it's quite special. And the heavy corn bread it comes with it is quite delicious too. My colleagues ordered the filet and the NY strip - and both were apparently good.
3	We had a group of 12 head there for lunch. Only 8 of us stayed after the long wait (we had a reservation).We didn't get our food until over an hour after we were seated.I ended up ordering an appetizer, which was pretty good. One of my friends sent her burger back because it had a funny smell. Everyone else enjoyed their food.The server was pretty awesome. The hostess that seated us was sweet, but the other girls were surprisingly snooty.The food was a tad overpriced.It's not a bad place to grab a bit to eat downtown, but I don't see myself going there again.
5	I love this place!  In fact I went a couple of times. . Once to their Happy Hour which is 3PM until 6PM (even on Saturdays) and then for lunch.  I love Fox restaurants but even though I've lived in Phoenix for 7 years had not tried this one. Just recently moved to downtown Phoenix and take the lite rail home. It's in a great location and I ordered the hummus which was outstanding. The people next to me ordered the pretzels and decided to order them next time. I also ordered the Rum drink and it was so good. A few days later, I was early for their Happy Hour but so hungry ordered lunch. I got the squash salad and it had an interesting ingredient...gingersnaps!! Delicious!  Also ordered the pretzels but there were so many, could not eat all of them so they were wrapped along with the cheese dip to take home. Service was outstanding and very nice atmosphere. I will definitely go to the Happy Hour again.   I was so impressed that I told a lot of my friends about this place too.
5	Loved the atmosphere. Right across from chase field. The pretzel and provolone and shrimp appetizers were plentiful and fantastic. Easily enough for four people to share. The crab stuffed chicken was excellent and I was a fan of the kilt lifter beer. We also got the hot chocolate cake and the salted caramel pudding. Both lasted about one minute.  Rachel was fantastic!
3	The service was great. The food was okay, but nothing really stands out. I felt it was also overpriced.  We ordered turkey pastrami and fish and chips.I want to like the Fox Restaurant Concepts but it seems most that I have tried are appealing to the masses, lack originality in food, but have interesting decor.  While decor is important to a dining experience, I am there to eat.  Feed me something delicious for a fair price.
2	MehTasteless food in an excellent atmosphere. If you want this style of food done right look to a place more like Chompies or even JAsons DEli. The food here is quite average at best.
3	Lots of love in the salad!  Chilled bowls, attention to detail. Excellent Kale salad!  A few Loire wines by the glass-nice!  but the New Zealand Sea Bass($27) quite pedistrian....good but not worth ordering again.   I am from SF Bay area so never been here before.  I should of stuck with my instinct and stayed with the bar food.  I bet that have a great burger and meat loaf.
3	I wish I could do half stars. Arrogant Butcher is good, but not great. It's consistently good food with good drinks. It also has a good atmosphere. But that's it. Good, good, good. I would never pick Arrogant Butcher as a place I definitely want to go to. It's also a bit overpriced.I've only ever had salads. The Market Salad is quite tasty. Although, it seems to have spaghetti in it. Not the grain I was expecting. The Chinese Chicken Salad is just ok; it needs more spice. The pretzel balls are legit.They provide speedy service, and I really appreciate that, especially at lunch time. They're also very accommodating of groups.I'm curious to try out their happy hour.
3	Fun atmosphere but personally I think it's over priced for what you get.  Nothing to write home about for sure.
4	I came here on Saturday for a few drinks before going to Stand Up live.  I like that they have HH on Saturday.  That's a big thumbs up for me.  The pretzel balls and cheese are to die for.  Love drinking The Mule too.  I do think they could have a few more items on happy hour and their menu seems a bit over priced.  The atmosphere is good.  I would recommend.
4	We were in town for a couple of days and looking for a bite on Saturday night.  After we checked online and saw no available reservations, we called and they told us that since it was a huge tourist weekend (the last of spring training), they were holding most of their tables for walk-ins.So we headed down and were quoted a wait of 15-20 minutes.  Off to the bar!  The place seemed pretty packed and buzzing.  A couple of local brews later, our table on the patio (as requested) was ready.Service was perfectly friendly and helpful.  We shared a plate of ham, mustard and bread to start.  I had the sloppy joe, my boyfriend had the pastrami sandwich.  Food was solid, but short of phenomenal.  It's a fairly curated menu considering the size of the place.  You know where you see 6-7 options that sound just okay but nothing that sounds like "OH MY GOD I HAVE TO EAT THIS NOW"?  That was pretty much my feeling towards their offerings - hence the sloppy joe.  Only hitch was that I ordered a glass of wine and wound up getting charged for a bottle - a fact I didn't catch until I reviewed the receipt the next day.  But I gave them a call today and the management happily agreed to refund the difference.  (Thanks guys!)  I was happy with their selection of wines by the glass - they seem to make a point of serving some of the less available varietals.  We don't come to Phoenix much, so I'm not sure we'll be back.  But if you're staying downtown or attending something at the US Airways Center, this is a good option for an easy bite.
4	First & foremost, do NOT drive to & park at Cityscape. It's a royal hosing... They charge for parking like they do in Chicago/NYC! Outrageous! This place is really fun... Good service & great food! The pretzel & cheese appetizer is a MUST! It was by far the best I've ever had. I also recommend the sweet potato tortellini entree! Absolutely delicious. This place isn't cheap, but not super expensive either. Next time I go will be to check out their happy hour!
3	Good service.  Staff was friendly and energetic.  They left you to dine, but still paid attention.  Still, at little 'over the top' with friendliness (anyone ever watch Office Space...well, I met the female Brian...friendly, but 'over the top').  So the pretzels were supposed to be fantastic and they were good with the cheese.  But Rock Bottom (chain) serves better.  However, Tabouli salad was very tasty.  Overall, it was a good experience outside near the Suns stadium, but, the food was average.  It's part of a larger chain where they just change the name of their locations...so don't be fooled, this isn't a local establishment such as as Three Doors Down in Portland.  For what it's worth...decent food, good service, but nothing spectacular.
5	One of my all time favorite spots in Phoenix! The best things at The Arrogant Butcher are the Polish Fix and the pretzel rolls with fondue. My friends and I dream about the polish fix. Perfectly crushed ice, lemon juice, macerated raspberries, and vodka. Perfection! I'm a fan of the sweet potato tortelli. Last time I was there, I added scallops to the entree, which were great.
3	4/2/13: Dinner with a large group of coworkers, I ordered the turkey pastrami sandwich served with coleslaw. Bread really tasted salty almost pretzel like but otherwise well made. Excellent location if you're either headed to see a baseball or basketball game.
4	This is a great place, especially for right before an event at the US Airways Center or another nearby venue.  The service has been great both times we were here.  The food is delicious.  Our favorites are the Zucchini Fritters, the Minestrone Soup, and the Salted Caramel Pudding.Prices were a little more than we expected, but overall this was a great spot for dinner.
3	This looked like a decent place for lunch, plus it was walking distance from my hotel.  I wanted to grab a quick lunch without waiting for a table so I decided to eat at the bar. There was only one person working behind the bar so the service was  a bit slow.  I ordered an iced tea and the Chopped Salmon Salad (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-arrogant-butcher-phoenix?selected=btFQyXf2UcCAS_X5F5zHeg#OIWtDNNlHFG-m1lmJaEztQ).  I was expecting a warm, juicy, piece of salmon on a bed of Kale, but the salmon was actually cold and smoked.  The salmon was on the saltier side, and I wish the menu let you know the salmon is smoked in the description.  The salad was made with kale, cauliflower, currants, almonds, and champagne vinaigrette.  The salad was okay, but the dressing was a bit overpowering in my opinion.  Overall, it was a salty salad with salty salmon.  I should have gone with the braised short rib stew..
1	Bad experience. I have been here several times and LOVED everything. Something has happened... First of all we were sat 40 minutes after our reservations. We ordered Moscow mules but they did not have enough copper cups and one person got a glass. The drinks were spot on for the first round but undrinkable after that. The service was poor. My NY strip was average, similar to an Outback steak. My brother in law did not have his ordered delivered. The manger came out to apologize but his speech sounded "canned" as though he had been saying the same thing all night. One of our favorite appetizers is the pretzels, again disappointing when the insides were cold, they normally taste freshly baked. Many items were taken off our bill but for average food and poor service a bill for over $300 seemed steep. Overall I am so sad, this was my favorite restaurant and consistent great food was delivered in the past, not sure what happened but I will not return until I hear things have changed.
1	I've been to this Resturant couple times and they did fair job. Today, Cobb Salad came out with a dead fly. Manger took the cobb salad off the bill but it was disgusting having to look at a dead fly and having to leave to go to another Resturant for lunch was just not acceptable! Plus if your sitting outside on patio you will get attacked by so many flys as well!!! Not happy the experience will not return.
4	I really enjoyed this restaurant. We sat on the patio and it was a great atmosphere. My husband got the steak and it was delicious. I got the crab stuffed chicken and it was a little bland. Pretzles are a must as an appitizer!
3	Trendy place and decor with a good view of US Airways Center. Might be a great stop to grab a drink with some friends before a show.  Sweet Potato Tortellini was good, but the sauce was a bit watery.  My friend ordered the AB certified Angus Beef Cheeseburger, to which he was dissatisfied. They offer no choice but medium well, and meat is better with a little pink in his opinion. The cheese almost seemed non-existent, as were the toppings. Overall, the cheeseburger was bland, but they offered to replace it with another menu item, which was nice of them.The switch out plate was a Turkey Sloppy Joe. He said he has had better Sloppy Joes but at least it has flavor. (You just can't please some people!) he just added that the fries were good.
2	We called ahead to see what the wait was and were told no wait. Great, especially since we had 90 minutes until a show at The Pressroom. Our group of 4 was sat quickly but it took about 10 minutes for our sever to stop by for drinks. 10 Minutes later we were able to place our order. 30 minutes and a second round of drinks later  the server realized the kitchen hadn't even started preparing our order. She was great about it and offered us a complimentary dessert. At this point we only had 20 minutes until we had to leave for our show so she sent the manager over. He asked what the problem was and if we still wanted our food since it was ready in the next minute. Sure, we want our food, we ordered it right? Our plates came out staggered over the next few minutes. The sea bass was undercooked and the prime rib was a little rare for our liking. When we commented on the meal, the manager simply stated he'd put a discount on the ticket but didn't offer to cook the fish a little longer, that it was cooked to medium (even though it was obviously raw in the center). Overall, great drinks and we'll go again for happy hour if in the area but not wasting time for another meal.
3	too similar to culinary dropout for me but i did only sit at the bar for happy hour. The happy hour menu wasn't out of the ordinary but the drink I had was tasty! I did notice the dining area had a different feel and would like to go back to check it out...but not anytime soon.
5	The Sweet Potato Tortelli is AMAZING!! Dining out as a vegetarian can be tricky if you want something besides a salad. I love that they have a meatless entree, especially one as delicious as this. Kudos to the chef!!My boyfriend had the Prime Rib (it was a little over cooked) and we shared the Salted Caramel Pudding for desert, it was yummy!!
2	Dined here last night with a large group coworkers. You would think having the word "Arrogant" in the name and the fact it's a steak house they would know how to cook a steak. Well you'd be wrong. Every single one of us that ordered steak received it overcooked. I ordered mine medium and was served leather on a plate. We made management aware of this yet when the bills came we all were charged full price. Which was about $70 per person. After my friend went up to the manager to fight for my bill, because I had only 1 bite of steak and the rest sat on my plate, were we all given a 50% discount. I will not dine here again. With all the choices in Phoenix, I say skip this place.
3	3 stars in Yelp terms means "A-OK." I went round & round about this but 3 was warranted since upon my latest visit (last night), everything was simply OK. Here is the issue I have with Fox restaurants & have a few examples to back it up: they are inconsistent on all levels. When I go to a restaurant & have an amazing meal, amazing service, & leave feeling full, I expect that same experience the next time, the time after that, & so on. I recognize that the kitchen can have an off night occasionally, but that should not affect everything ordered, portion size, or service for that matter. Here is an example: About a month ago, the hub & I went to AB for lunch. We went in with low hopes since we had a less than delightful meal at Fox's sister restaurant, Culinary Dropout (see scathing review). We were pleasantly surprised with AB. The hub ordered the Saturday special, prime rib with horseradish scalloped potatoes, AMAZING! The portion size was large, the prime rib cooked & seasoned well, but the star was the potatoes which were phenomenal! I was shocked when out of the goodness of his heart (he usually doesn't have a lot of goodness in there), the hubby decided to let me try them. I wish I hadn't now because it is setting in that I will never have those delicious, creamy potatoes again   :(Anyways, I ordered the ribs, which were fall off the bone & were pretty much the epitomy of perfection when it comes to ribs. The fries it came with were pretty decent (I am picky about fries & I ate all of these) & the mayo based, non sweet slaw was a good accompaniment to the sweetly sauced ribs. We also ordered hummas before our meal & I can honestly say that it was the best hummas & flatbread I have ever had! Silky, creamy, salty, sweet, you get it all from this hummas thanks to it being made fresh (along with the pita bread I have reason to believe) & due to the sprinkling of calamata olives & sweet peppers. We literally licked the bowl, that is how good it was. Only complaint is that a couple more pieces of flatbread would have made the flatbread to hummas ratio more equal. So all in all, a delicious, satisfying meal with service on point. Only other complaints were the mixed drinks were puny & the parking can be a bit stressful if you don't venture into downtown Phx much. We are country folk & had no idea which parking garage to go into, it crept up on us several times too late, so around the block we went again & again (one way road systems suck) until we got it right. But that is the case for all downtown Phx businesses so no biggie. Cut to last night: We decided to divert from the usual Firebirds anniversary dinner & go to AB instead & catch live music next door. Our server was really slow this time, so much that we started to wonder if we even had a server to begin with. When we finally got to talk to her, we ordered the hummas (which was divine yet again, the only consistant thing), hub ordered prime rib special again with those mouthwatering potatoes, & I ordered the sweet potato tortelli which I had seen so many great reviews on. I also tried to get a side of the scalloped potatoes but was told they couldn't do that since they only make enough to go with the prime rib. In my opinion, kinda dumb. If they are that popular, you should be able to order a side of them on the one night they are available, AB just needed to make more. However, in the end, I was actually fine with not getting them because they were not the same as before. They didn't look as good & per the hubby, they were kinda dry with no horseradish flavor. On top of that, his primerib was overly salted (he loves the edge pieces where the seasoning is and they were way too salty, I tried some non edge pieces & felt those were even too salty). It was also undercooked in the middle. It appeared raw & literally jiggled when you poked it. The creamy horseradish we requested was not mixed up enough so the top just tasted like mayo while the bottom of the cup was all radish. My tortelli tasted ok but was not even close to being a full meal. There were 6 small tortellini in a butter sauce with some spinach leaves and a few nuts. This was closer to appetizer size. Needless to say, I finished my dinner in about 5 minutes & had to have a few pieces of the hubbys prime rib to be somewhat satisfied. I hate to do this but I am going to be particularly hard on Sam Fox. With the price points of these restaurants, I expect a good experience every time. Unfortunately, that has not happened. This same situation happened with Blanco, first time great, 2nd time decent, third time, not impressed at all. Who knows, maybe if I go to Culinary DO again, it will be spectacular. However, I know not to expect that repeatedly. I just don't understand... places like Firebirds & Charlestons have it down pat. I get a great meal at these places every time but with Fox restaurants, I am lucky to get a good meal twice. Only reason to return would be gift card/ someone else paying.
3	I wanted to really love this place, but I could only like it. The service was spectacular. They messed up our order and admitted the problem up front and worked hard to make it right. Our server was the best ever...I don't remember his name, but he has been referenced on here. The food was creative, but the flavors didn't really come together. The food is a two, but the ambiance and service a four.
3	I think my mojo in picking places is a little off... but just a little.  I came here with coworkers and they were able to accommodate my reservation with relatively short notice, so that's a plus.  I would say that the drinks are better than the food, but that's just based on what I've had to eat there.  If you like modern cuisine, this place is for you!First of all, the restaurant at dusk/dinner is very dim, so break out those reading glasses. Their wine list is amazing!  I would recommend the antipasti plate for an appetizer because it's the bomb.com. Be sure to get the awesome garlic and mushrooms with the antipasti plate. The house salad was one of the best I've had in a while, especially with the dressing on the side.  The squash tortelli was a little heavy on the squash.  I thought it could have been better balanced with smaller tortellini pasta and a hit of acid in the sauce.  It was overall a very heavy dish.  I think this is a great spot for a happy hour!
4	Fantastic date night. Made a reservation on Open Table and when we arrived we were immediately seated. The standout of the night were the oysters. They were really fantastic. We tried the other items on the raw bar but when we go back, we'll skip the rest and just stick with the oysters.The hubby ordered the prime rib; his favorite dish. He was really happy with the cut and the way it was prepared. The temperature was right on. I ordered the cioppino. All of the seafood was perfectly cooked and the broth was really flavorful.The service was really fantastic. Our server was very attentive and wouldn't let our water glass be less than half full despite him having a full section on a Friday night.All said, we'll be back.
4	We showed up early (5ish) so we could make it to a concert after dinner.  We sat at the bar and had happy hour (pretzel, ok but salty, shrimp, yum).  The 4 dollar Mule coctail was incredible and very strong for the price.  The salted caramel pudding is a must.
5	Service is attentive w/o being intrusive.  Had the pretzel/provolone appetizer (again!); and the short rib stew for something different.  Both were excellent.  Manager - Melissa, stopped by a few times to ensure everything was A-ok!
5	A great place to come for a romantic dinner. Absolutely love the pretzel bites with provolone dip. You can sit in a booth and watch a basketball game in a fun & hip environment. There is also bar seating, where a lot of people seem to come after work. The decor, like at all Sam Fox concepts, is impeccably done. The service this time around was great -our waiter was so attentive, funny and thoughtful, as was the rest of the staff. It makes for a stress-free and totally fun night out.
4	I don't see why people don't like this place. The location is great and the prices are great too. They have a lot of fun and different options. Their drink selection is also great. Sure their prices for drinks are a little on the higher side, but this is downtown Phoenix so come on people. I love the atmosphere of this place. The bathroom is really cool too. I ordered the beet salad and it was pretty good, minus it was soaked with salad dressing. But hey, maybe some people like that. Our waitress was attentive and we didn't feel rushed at all. The turkey pastrami sandwich was also really good. Overall, I recommend this place to someone looking for a place to eat in downtown Phoenix. Parking sucks since it is downtown Phoenix, but sometimes you get lucky.
4	Traveled the light rail downtown to go to fuego. Fuego was closed despite our reservations we made, so we ended up at arrogant butcher. It had been a restaurant i wanted to try. We got sat at the bar area by the kitchen and it was awesome getting to watch the kitchen in action! zucchini fritters were amazing with the parmesan aioli! I got the short rib stew. Cornbread was light and fluffy with a buttery taste. The stew itself had a fried egg on top and was quite spicy. A little too spicy but it had great flavor. My friend got the sweet potato tortelli. the butter sauce was rich and the pasta sweet. The peanut butter cup was a warm peanut butter mousse with chocolate gelato and 2 cookies. The warm chocolate cake was a little dry and not very sweet. just okay. All around thought, i thought the meal was very good and i would go back!
5	Provably the best place in town.Best AmbianceBest Cuisine Best ServiceCleanliness: 10
4	Decided to try this Sam Fox restaurant with friends before Dbacks game. Good location right next to USAirways and Chase Field. Arrived at 4:30 on a Friday night, place was already getting busy but we luckily got an inside table. Food is good here, we had all of the appetizer choices and they were excellent. The pretzel fondue is the common thread with all of his restaurants. We love The Yard in north central Phoenix but would definitely return to the Butcher while in the downtown area!
4	Excellent dinner service!  We started with some fun, unique cocktails and the pretzels with fondue.  Then moved on to the market salad.  Dinner was sweet potato tortelli and the turkey sloppy joe.  A glass of chardonnay and a glass of syrah paired nicely with the respective dishes.  Then we finished it all with blueberry cheesecake.  Overall dinner was FANTASTIC.  And the service?  TOP NOTCH!  I think dinner could have been a flop and we still would have left with a good impression of the restaurant due solely to the level of service we received.
3	The Arrogant Butcher suffers from an identity problem.  It wasn't arrogant, and the seafood dominated menu is certainly not something you'd see from a butcher.  Even the marketing material promoting the place indicated it had some sort of sassy attitude, so I kind of expecting waiters doing a schtick or something, but disappointingly, they were pleasent, adequate waiters :(Not having been to this restaurant before, I didn't know what to expect.  The interior is like a strange mash of sports bar and tacky bistro - only further confusing the identity of the establishment.  I'm typically a big fan of seafood, and the fish and chips were decent, but I was expecting a long list of butcher type items on the menu, not oyster shooters, and 3 types of fish.  Especially in downtown, middle of the freakin desert, Phoenix.  I'd suggest this place for a beer and an appetizer while sitting at the bar, not so much for a sit down dinner date.
4	OUTSTANDING service.  I mean it.  Selling without being pushy, attentive, prompt, and courteous.  Wine selection was great and I felt an excellent value, we had a Syrah and a Chardonnay.  I could make a meal out of the pretzel app, that cheese fondue is fantastic.  For the main course we had the Sweet Potato Tortelli and the Turkey sloppy joe, which paired well with our wine selections (I'll give my date credit for that) although we felt the tortelli could have been better.  Sloppy joe was delicious and the fries were perfectly cooked though not extraordinarily flavored (properly salted).  Blueberry cheesecake for dessert, it was good but I think if we went back we'd try the hot chocolate cake.  Fun lively atmosphere, open feel and comfortable booths.  Huge U-shaped bar and large windows.
3	Good food. Have some of the crazy cheese for an appetizer. Getting the check took a while, but otherwise service was ok.
2	Ehh...I won't be back. Trendy isn't always bad, but Arrogant Butcher exemplifies trendiness while sacrificing the food + experience factor. With a large group, I had the cioppino ($25--which I was sooo excited about) and a martini (about $9). It was fine. No major complaints. However, it just wasn't worth it. I definitely splurge on food more than I should, but Arrogant Butcher just left me feeling disappointed. Not because of anything specific, but a general sense of ennui. Your money can be put to better use elsewhere...
2	Arrogant Butcher continues to disappoint.  I came here on Friday to celebrate someone's birthday.  The pretzel/fondue appetizer was awesome, as always, but I'm beginning to suspect that it's the only good thing on the menu -- and really, that's not very impressive because how could they possibly mess up salted bread and melted cheese??We were headed to the art museum after dinner, so I decided to order an appetizer for my meal since I knew I couldn't finish a whole entree and I didn't want to lug leftovers around with me on the lightrail.  At first I ordered the steamed mussels, but sadly they were out of them for the night.  My second choice was the salmon rillette, which the menu described as "smoked salmon with crusty bread."  I was expecting a lox and french bread type of plate, but what came out was smoked salmon that had been mushed up into little chunks, soaked in some sort of liquid (tasted like vinegar maybe?), poured in a jar and topped with many capers.  I gave it a try and spread it on the bread, but after 2 bites I knew I did not like it.  it was mushy and sour and yecchh.I was waiting for the bartender (we sat at the bar) to come by and ask if we enjoyed our food so that I could exchange my salmon for a salad or something, but she never did.  she only came at the end of our meal and collected my plate (still FULL of food except for the 2 bites missing) and threw all the food in the trash.  you would think the plate full of uneaten food would've clued her in that I didn't enjoy my meal, but either she didn't notice or didn't care, but just brought out the check and gave it to us without comment.  I didn't want to be fussy, so we paid and left.My dining companion ordered the jambalaya for his meal and said it was really greasy.Arrogant Butcher, you make me angry that you charge so much money for bleh food.  I will not be convinced to come here again, no matter how good your pretzel/fondue is!
4	We (3 adults) had dinner here on a Saturday evening prior to a D-backs game. Although we enjoy most of the Fox Concepts restaurants I was hesitant to dine here due to the mixed reviews. When we arrived the bar was packed and very noisy. Our reservations were honored on time and we ate in an attractive, quiet room filled with Arizona memorabilia. One in our group had the prime rib special, which he said was excellent; another had the Smoked Salmon Rillette, which was good but had hardly any salmon in it (disappointing) and I had the hamburger which was delicious and perfectly prepared.Our server, Mark, provided upbeat, attentive service (unusual in restaurants anymore). The Warm Peanut Butter Cup dessert was a lerdown. It was like a warm peanut butter soup and way too sweet. The cookies with it were stale. The wine selections were pricy but that is common at most of the Fox Concepts restaurants. All in all, we enjoyed out meal and would probably return.
5	This place is the best. I would recommend the green chili stew w/ a fried egg!
3	Good location for a decent bite to eat before the game. Gets busy, but the food and service is good. Little on the pricy side.
3	Friendly service, dinner was ok....a bit expensive for what it is. The pretzel bites were awesome and so was the kale salad. Will eat here again, but choose a less expensive meal.
4	Saw mixed reviews on here, I thought it was good, had the Jambalaya, it was tasty and had a good amount of meat and the right balance.  The pretzel fondu was as good as everyone says.  I will be back, a trendy place to take clients, or have suppliers pay for you (which is what we did).
4	Overall this was very good.  Service was friendly and fast.  The menu has some unique and interesting items, in particular some of the cheese plates were really great.  The pretzel dip appetizer was really awesome.
3	Nice place, great food.
4	Fun food and very tasty.  Would go again for sure.  Great beer as well.  Unique
5	My wife and I have been here numerous times since we live a few blocks away, and this is our favorite downtown date night. The service has been excellent every time. The waitstaff has been attentive and on point. We have never been disappointed by the food. Overall an excellent place.
5	We went for dinner before the 3 doors down concert. Amber was very good at her job. She was pleasant, knowledgeable and an all around nice person. We really enjoyed the atmosphere and the variety of drinks. The plum, ginger Mojito was different bit very tasty. Dinner was equally delicious. I had the steak special and my wife had the lemon stuffed chicken. Both meals were excellent with just the right portions. We were full bit no stuffed. Kudos to the staff as the restaurant got crowded they we never lacked in service and did not have anyone loud or obnoxious by us. Although this a bit of drive from our house we will make the trip for the service and food
1	Doesn't even deserve a long review as i usually give. Extremely overpriced for the quality of food you're getting. Over salted. Undercooked. No. Just no. We ordered the jambalaya and two burgers. All were terribly mediocre. The service is a joke as well. It took 15 minutes to get water, another 15 to take our order, and 45 minutes to receive our food. Absolutely disgraceful. This place has a great name but has a terrible attitude. I guess the name arrogant really fits! Will NOT be returning and will be spreading the word about how bad it is here for the price.
1	I was excited to experience The Arrogant Butcher for the first time, however the experience was a negative one. We were sat and never greeted by a server. We sat for over 15 minutes while servers passed by, we were completely ignored. Finally we left without any service. We went around the corner to Squid Ink Sushi where we received great food and great service!
2	This has not been my favorite restaurant and ambiance I would immediately connect with - but for some reason I felt like I should keep returning, giving in another chance (maybe the salmon appetizer has something to do with is). I guess closeness to Blue Hound (one of my favorites) made it a natural second stop with pleasant walk through the City Scape. Last time we came for later dinner Saturday 9pm - we were seated ordered food (that was not very good except oysters - surprisingly wonderful). After 15 mins of our plates being laid down on the table THE LIGHTS CAME UP - to announce that it is time for us to go. This has not happen to me for 10 years - I was feeling like teenager who should be spanked and feel guilty for drinking on Saturday night at quarter to 10pm!
5	Colleague and I went for lunch. This was a trendy place. Hostess opened the door for us. Waiter immediately serviced on drinks and info on menu items and specials.  Ordered smoked salmon rilette for appetizer. It was delicious, however the grilled bread was too hard to chew.Ordered the turkey sloppy joe. Ground turKey was a good value, very saucy and flavorful. Wait staff was busy but made time for refills and condiment needs. I would recommend going just before the rush weekdays to get an immediate table, especially if you are not within walking distance. They validate parking too.
5	The tabouli is amazing, the drinks are awesome, and the salted caramel pudding is super tasty. The meat and cheese plate didn't have much meat and cheese though. ;) Our service was excellent and we would definitely come back again.
5	The writing on the front door is correct, I was welcomed to my new favorite restaurant. Logan, or shall I rename him Logan The Amazing, completely enlightened us with a whole other genre of cocktails. Cocktails with the smoothness and subtlest flavor nuances that wine drinkers like us so adore. Starting with the Luxor cherry garnish and right on through the beautiful colors of sunrise in his Howard Hughes, the delicious smoothness of his Kentucky Draper, he wowed us with his artistic use of every type of liquor. My mind is opened and the cocktail standard has been elevated to  unbelievable heights.Oh, and yes, we did eat dinner as well... The food was completely fresh and so delicious. The oysters were as good as anything on the coast, which is a real feat for Arizona! The sea bass was masterfully prepared and the ciopinno was the best, freshest, I have ever had, and I have lived on both coasts. If you can get it, it is a must! The dinner began with the beet salad that was so nicely dressed, with such a smooth dressing that understood it's place was to enhance the vegetables, not try to make a name for itself. The vegetables (beautiful beets must be adored) were all at perfection, making this simply the most well balanced and perfect salad I have ever had.Amber was our server and we are so glad as she was a wonderful guide through our evening. She is kind, fun, and very well versed on the menu. We thank her, above all, for her dessert selection, the salted carmel pudding, and introducing us to Logan!
4	I went here for a recruiting event. The bruschetta and pretzels were both very good. The business did a great job of using the space and keeping the food at the right temperature. If I still lived in AZ, I would go back. It's a little pricey for what you get but definitely still good.
1	Zero stars. Overpriced and wretched food. I ordered the $27 seabass and I was served a previously frozen, dried out hockey puck that resembled TV dinner fish. Sent it back and got the $18 canned Campbell's stew...errr I mean....the short ribs stew. Awful. The appetizer was the 'world famous' pretzel fondue which you could order from any TGI Friday's or Chili's for a few bucks less. I'll never go there again. I'm usually not this hostile in my reviews but these guys should be ashamed of themselves for their menu prices..
4	Fox restaurant has service down to a T, well in this case an S I suppose. An S with a big capitol letter used for great "service." I felt pretty spoiled. I have never had bad service at any of their restaurants and yesterday was no exception at my first AB visit. Kelly and team were wonderful and made us feel super spoiled. The food was great. I had the pretzel bun Turkey Pastrami sandwich, which was Delish. The shrimp and pretzel apps are wonderful but the Carmel pudding was, "lick the glass jar clean, to die for." AB is a pretty restaurant, unique decor.  The only draw back is the price. I always find it so pricey/ costly to eat at a Fox place. However, they do have Happy Hour. Will have to go back for some more of those yummy pretzels.
4	If you go with an empty stomach, you can probably justify three courses- all of which are delicious. Waiting staff know what they are talking about so you can trust their opinions. Drinks are pretty potent. Easily the best place to go to before you go to a Suns game (the restaurant and the arena are next to each other).Recommended dishes: crab stuffed chicken, sweet potato tortelli, peanut butter cup.
5	We have heard a lot about this place and were finally able to go.. Service was friendly and fast and food was good. We got the jambolaya and the fish and chips which were both really good. The best part of our meal was the dessert.. We got the salted carmel pudding and it was sooo good! We would go back just for that dessert! Everything tasted nice and fresh it was excellent.
5	This place was awesome!!! I came in during a rush before a jimmy buffet concert. I almost left because it was so crazy. But I had heard such good things, so I found my way to the hostess. Who was so friendly and was able to seat me right away. I was a little disappointed because when I go out by myself I like to sit at the bar so I don't feelout of place at a table by myself.  I order an app and a drink which were both delightful. I explained my situation to my server Ryan and he found me a new seat at the chefs counter.  Every thing about my experience was wonderful. The guys on the line weSo friendly and helpful, with pleasant attitude. The food and drinks speak for them selves. I would recommend this placeto anyone looking for a great time with wonderful service.
2	The lunch menu pricing not comparable to quality of food. $16 for bland French Dip and $12 for a not fully cooked AB Angus burger. Four Peaks beers were $14 for two beers - thank goodness my lunch companion was drinking lemon water. $50 for lunch is steep, but it would have okay if the food and service was friendlier and service speed was up to par. It took 18 minutes to be served from the time we were seated(we timed it), and then another 20 minutes for food to be served a burger and french dip. Food we ordered because we thought they'd be served fairly fast. The AB was moderately crowded with business types and ASU students/staff on their lunch hour and has a pleasant decor. Very trendy indeed. We were able to wolf-down our lunch and head back to the Student Center at ASU for our meeting in an hour. Not a relaxing meal - again, slow service, loud atmosphere (turn down the music - it's lunchtime, not happy hour!), and expensive and very forgettable food. Do not recommend - there are MUCH better options for a good lunch in central Phoenix - at a lower price point.
5	This place is AMAZING.  I'm obsessed with the kale salad and the filet.  Desserts are great too.  The staff here is THE NEXT LEVEL.  The first time I went here I was eating at a restaurant for the first time after a very strict diet due to being in treatment for disease.  I misunderstood the menu item I ordered and when it appeared I knew I couldn't eat it.  I HATE a-holes that send back exactly what they ordered, but I didn't want to risk my health progress or getting really sick in public.  SO... I just told the waitress (in a few words) my situation and she helped me special order something, no charge for what I sent back.  I seriously was mortified sending it back and she made me feel a lot better.  Since then I have frequented and I'm happy to order whatever I want.  It's all really delicious.  Even when they are super busy you get great service.  I can't say enough about this place, please go and experience it for yourself!!!
5	I am fan of a any fox concept restaurants and was really happy when they opened one downtown. I normally go here for lunch a few times a month. I would highly recommend their turkey pastrami sand which which is on a pretzel roll and is amazing. I also get it served with a chopped salad to try to make my lunch a little healthier and love whatever dressing they use.
4	Had the pork carnitas, very good!  The pretzel bite appetizers were amazing.  The pink drink was delish!
5	I love the atmoshpere in here! We came in right before the Suns game Friday night. Staff was super cool and attentive and the food was delicious. Def a great downtown restaurant!
4	Great find in downtown Phoenix. Near both stadiums. The menu is fresh and interesting salmon to steak and chicken all prepared in imaginative ways. I had the pork carnitas and the "after school special" from the bar which is a fun take on a margarita featuring modelo especial, raspberry infused Sauza Tequila, Ginger agave syrup, lime and smoked salt rim. The carnitas were tender and flavorful without being heavy. The contrast of the sweet corn cake with the salty tomatillo salsa and tender pork is very well balanced. The atmosphere is casual and fun. I definitely recommend.
4	What a fun restaurant. The ambiance is upbeat and " feel good" from the Tom Petty music to the plaid fabric booths. The service was exceptional. I ordered scallops - they were tasty. My friend ordered artichoke hummus and pita - loved it. We sat outdoors and enjoyed the beautiful November evening  in downtown Phoenix. The prices were quite reasonable. I recommend The Arrogant Butcher if you are looking for a fun, casual night out.
4	Super.   I don't normally eat kale, in fact, I didn't even know kale, until this place popped up.  Now I eat their kale salad every time I'm in there.  Great place any day of the week, anytime of the day - lunch and dinner preferred.
2	Came for the first time for a friends's bachelorette party and I'm slightly disappointed. I've heard nothing but good things about arrogant, but as of right now I don't really see what the hype is about.Spent 9$ on a drink (the pink drink) that could have fit in a shot glass. Definitely wouldn't recommend it, didn't even seem like it had alcohol it it.And too top it all off there is a total of ONE vegetarian entree. I get that they're called the arrogant butcher, but come on...At least I can say the service was good.
5	All I had was the salted caramel pudding....Dddddaaaammmmmmmmnnnn! It was gooood. Tastes just like those little caramel blocks I used to eat as a kid (and admitting with guilt, even now too). Def try this dessert! Staff was friendly and nice too. Very quick service!
5	Can it get any better! Sheesh! Fox Restaurants does it again!
5	Damn you Fox Restaurant Concepts! Damn you and your salted caramel pudding!!!
4	Went there on 11/10, had the hummus appetizer, it was really good!! Then we ordered the Pretzel bread and cheese fondue, OMG is was the bomb!! Service was excellent! I had Fish and Chips, it was good but a bit salty! My friend Sweet Potato Tortelli, she said it was awesome! Next time we go to an event downtown, we will go back.
3	Honestly, it was meh. Not meh with an exclamation mark but just ...meh. It wasn't great it wasn't yuck ...just meh. Friendly service, cool looking place but the food was, honestly, quite ordinary. Fried chicken ...ok....the chocolate cake ...fair...the Scottish ale, well, as an Englishman it was neither Scottish not an ale. It was very fizzy and quite was not going to put hair on my chest. So I feel quite good saying it was ...well...meh.
5	-pink drink -freaking amazing. I want to copy this for my wedding! It is tart and sweet.-fig drink - also delish-******** fried chicken-omg good!!! ******** I think they only serve this on Wednesdays, but you need to get it. It's like maple fried heaven. Best fried chicken I have ever had. -crab stuffed chicken- acceptable,   so-so, wouldn't order again-candlestick maker drink: ok -beef stew ok, would get again.-yellow fin was ok (the hubby liked, me   not much)-pretzel bites n fondue cheese holy   yum!!! Get this as your appetizer before you get the fried chicken!
4	This place is right across from the US Airway arena. Drove to downtown Phoenix pulled up Yelp and was like this place looks good lets go there. Nice sports bar vibe. Check the pictures and menu trying to figure out what I was going to get. Two things kept showing up. The hot soft pretzels with provolone fondue, salted caramel pudding and the Sweet potato tortelli. I figured one out of three isn't bad so I decide yes on the pretzels and picked the fish and chips for lunch. I tried to fight it. I'll be damn if the pretzels are really good. I figured it would be good but not like everyone was saying but after eating 4 without even noticing I have to admit they are really delicious . Fish and chips are cool and the fries were tasty. The fish being halibut is a bit too buttery for me. I think a whiting would have been better or something a tad bit stronger tasting. Next time I return I will get the Tortelli and dessert and if they are as good as everyone say I will upgrade them to 5 stars.
4	Very nice. Love the patio section - nice view of downtown. Servers are super nice and helpful, too.Happy hour (3 PM - 6 PM) has some great prices for cocktails, beer, and wine. Pretzels with fondue are so delicious - soft, chewy, salty! Crispy shrimp are awesome. The portion size is good for the price and the aioli takes the shrimp over the top.Tried some of the chacuterie meats, which were also great. Love the crusty bread they're served with. Will definitely be back for more good eats and drinks!
4	So far enjoyed the food, the atmosphere, and the service. The food is definitely not your normal, run of the mill stuff so be prepared. The food is very good, however and no issues with staff.
5	I had the tabouli salad here over a year ago and when my boss said lets eat at the Arrogant Butcher that's all I could think of. I had it again today and again....Amazing! We topped it with this peanut butter dessert!! Can u say wow??
4	Came here for a work celebration for a project we have been slaving over for months.  Finally back to a normal working hours, no more 80+ hours a week.  We were in the private room in the back.  We had champagne and apps already out for us. We had a set list of items to order from.  I got the turkey pastrami.  YUM!  Pretzel bread anything is good.  Blueberry cheesecake is to die for!   The service was good considering we had 25+ of us.  I did had to ask a few times for refills.
4	Good food in an upscale bar atmosphere. Smart design due to close proximity to Hotels and the ballpark (to capture both clientele). Seems like it was pulled right out of that Bar Rescue show. Everything is done top notch.
4	What a fun, yet very noisy restaurant! Went last night with family and friends and I was surprised at how busy and NOISY it was for a Tuesday night. Food was great. We enjoyed the pretzels and the zucchini fritters for an appetizer. The pretzels and cheese fondue were awesome...like I could take a bath in that cheese sauce kind of good. The zucchini fritters were just ok and the dipping sauce tasted too much like tartar sauce so it wasn't my fav. I enjoyed the scallops while the rest of my companions has the jambalaya and the pork carnitas. All were really tasty. The scallops were perfectly done and a good size. We also enjoyed the peanut butter chocolate gelati for dessert. It was superb. Service was very good and prompt. Our drinks were kept full and I love that. This will definitely be in my arsenal of places to go downtown when I head there for events, but definitely keep in mind--it's NOISY.
4	This was my first time here and my boyfriends second. We went on a Thursday night and had a reservation for 6:30We were seated immediately in the bar area. Shortly after I came back from the restroom I found out we had to move tables because of a large party that walked in. To me, moving tables isn't a big deal especially since we just sat but they were extremely apologetic and the manager offered to buy us two appetizers and two drinks. We ordered the mussels and the fried shrimp. And for drinks the daisy and the sexy gin and tonic. The mussels came out on a huge platter and looked overwhelming but it was the perfect portion. The shrimp was my favorite. It had a hint of sweetness to it, like they added honey or cinnamon to the recipe and the flavors complimented each other well. The daisy was delicious and my gin and tonic was refreshing. For our entree my boyfriend ordered the steak and I ordered the sea bass. Portion wise, his was amazing. My bass came out and it was good but it didn't blow me away which is why I'm giving this place 4 instead of 5 stars. I excepted to be wowed since the dish was one of the pricer items. And the side dish it came with had me questioning what exactly I was eating. Our server was very nice through out the meal and everything ran smoothly. Our bill would have been $120 but they ended up taking off $50 for the inconvenience. I would definitely come back!
3	Was here couple days ago for a Pre-Xmas dinner get together with some girl friends. We waited about 25 mins or so before we got a table. We sat at the patio where the corner diagonal from the US Airway. Since there are heaters and the weather was not too cold so it was very nice and enjoyed the view. Everyone in our group ordered the Chicken Fried Pork Chop except me. I had the Scallops. When the food brought out together, the Scallops were cold. My guess was maybe they waited until all the food is ready and brought them out together and mine was the first one done and waiting for the rest to be cooked. Anyway, I was not going to mention to the waitress but my friend suggested that I should for what I am paying for. So I told one of the staff that was nearby and he was very nice and offered me that they can make me a new one and apologized for it. After about 10-15 mins later they brought a new plate and warned me the plate is very hot. This time the Scallops were too salty, I thought it might just me so I had a friend tried the cauliflower that came with and was salty as well. Since I was so hungry and everyone was done with their food so I didn't say anything to the waitress. Besides that, everything else was great. I highly recommend the Tabbouleh Salad and the desserts were good too. We had Warm Peanut Butter Cup and Blueberry Cheesecake.
5	The little lady and I have been to the Arrogant Butcher countless times, it is one of our downtown standbys that we visit time and time again. Usually we go for happy hour, but this time we went for a basic dinner. Some family was in town for the holidays, and wanted to try something new. We suggested one of the two new great pizza places downtown, not thinking that some places are closed on a Monday night. After getting downtown and paying $10 for parking (there was a Suns game), we realized our mistake. Luckily just steps away The Arrogant Butcher saved the day. We started our meal for six with pretzels (one of our favorites), oysters (we have been told by an insider that they are flown in daily, and the quality backs it up), and hummus. All were excellent and quickly devoured by the table. For entrees, our group chose the pork chops, two orders of the short rib stew, the scallops, the crap stuffed chicken and the chicken stroganoff. I had previously thought the stew was the best thing on AB's menu, but I had never had the pork chops before. I may have to reevaluate that ranking. The chops were moist and flavorful. They had a breading on them that was crunchy and done really well. Paired with the mashed taters and veggies, this dish was epic. The stew has a nice little kick and is served with a slice of cornbread, both dishes are amazing. The pairing with the scallops was a little weird (I don't get the whole brussels sprouts thing yet), but they were cooked well and tasty. We have had the scallops in the past which were prepared differently, and we thought they were great. I was told the crab to chicken ratio was a little off, but the dish was good otherwise. I didn't taste it myself though to verify. All in all, a great experience as always, great food, great service. They did well and impressed our out of town guests.
5	I was going to rate 4-Star; but No -- Absolute 5-Star Experience!! I had been planning to go here every time I'm at cityscape, but never did until today. My brother & I both Fully Loved our beer & burgers here -- and my craving for fresh baked bread (specifically pretzels!!) was finally satisfied in the most over-the-top way...... Better than I expected - and I had expected a Lot! :)
4	The hubs and I went to AB last weekend for dinner. The food is ah-mazing! We sat at the bar and had a couple cocktails. The service was attentive and knowledgeable about the menu. He had the short rib stew.....OMG! if you like stew, this is the one for you.  It's almost like a chili verde as there was a delicious green chili flavor. It came with a corn muffin that was a nice compliment to the stew. I had the seared scallops plate. The scallops were cooked perfectly; "succulent" is the word that comes to mind (I never use that word!). For dessert, we HAD to have the butterscotch pudding....and yes, it is as good as everyone says it is!! We'll be back...
4	Location, location, location. Excellent service. My wife told the server how much she liked the salted caramel pudding and the chef came out and taught her how to make it! I have only had sandwiches here by they have been outstanding. Today I had the turkey pastrami, terrific! Prices are what you would expect to pay downtown at a good restaurant but the food and service keeps us coming back.
5	Food is Absolutely fantastic! Nothing bad to say about this place at all.. Priced right, atmosphere perfect and great wait staff.
5	The turkey pastrami burger was amazing.. my only regret was that I couldn't eat more than 1 entree haha
5	We met friends for dinner here before the Symphony. It was excellent. The main entrance was a little tricky to find. It isn't actually on Jefferson but is around the corner off First Street.  But once we found it, it was a great start to a great evening.We shared the pretzel fondue as an appetizer. There was plenty for four people. The pretzel bites were soft with that wonderful pretzel crust. Cheese was warm and was plenty.Our table ordered the filet mignon with creamed spinach, carrots and potato.  It was cooked perfectly to medium.  Coming from the Midwest, I am picky about my steak and am rarely satisfied with beef outside of the region. This was quite possibly the best filet I have ever had this far west.  The pork chop was more of a pork cutlet (no bone) and had a very flavorful breading and a mushroom gravy that really defied your usual mushroom gravy standards.  The sweet potato tortellini was spectacular as well.  The tortellini was large and generously filled.  Personally, I think the tortellini was too rich (if there is such a thing)  but delicious.The service was excellent. Everything arrived just when we needed it to and was piping hot.  The decor is upscale but casual to dressy casual.  There a lot of people who looked like they were just coming from work and others like us who were starting their special evening out.  The noise level was moderately high but we all were able to talk with one another without yelling across the table.The wine list was mediocre.  Nothing particularly special about it.  Their mixed drinks and beers were more note-worthy. I suggest the Pink Drink if anyone likes a fun version of a Cosmo. It was a healthy pour. We will definitely be going back.
3	It seemed difficult to get attention here and it's pricey for what you get. Sometimes it's been so busy that we didn't wait. Regarding the food, it's above average.
5	Awesome spot! Stopped in yesterday for lunch and it wAs very busy so I recommend reservations. I had the lunch portion salmon and it was reasonably priced
5	This is a wonderful steak house. My steak was cooked to perfection.  We got lots of samples of food (we sat at the bar overlooking the kitchen...I highly recommend).  Everyone was super friendly and attentive.  We will visit the Arrogant Butcher again, next time we are in Phoenix!
5	Stopped for a late lunch and was pleased to find out this place was had a connection with Culinary Dropout.  Service was great and the food hit the spot.  Try the pretzel fondue.  You won't be sorry.
1	Visited AB for the fifth and final time tonight. Food was the usual standard and average. Service was horrible! At the beginning the female waitress was very attentive. During shift change the service spiraled down considerably. I travel for a living so I'm constantly in and out of new places. My honest honest opinion of AB is that they complacent. I went to the restroom and returned in 3 minutes and the bartender threw my full drink - I called this to his attention and he appeared annoyed to which I escalated my demand for the refulflment of my drink.This led to an altercation which I can only attribute to the fact hat I'm a black guy visiting Phoenix - I honestly don think that I was black with virtually unlimited credit.I think the owners of this establishment and it's group if establishments should seriously reconsider the bartender and management staff.As Phoenix grows more diverse downtown they may want to join along!
3	Walking around downtown Phoenix encouraged me to try this place. The vibes were poppin with a big crowd. We were fortunate that there was no wait, seated quickly and in a booth, without a reservation. Unfortunately, the menu wasn't anything special.  It was all simple American food. I shared the ribs with French fries. It was decent. I mean it's no Texas BBQ (I haven't really had that yet but I plan to, haha). The waitress treated us as if we weren't from phoenix (which we aren't)...it wasn't mean, but I felt that it was implied. I really wanted to try a restaurant that wasn't in San Diego. I'm glad I was able to go, but it really is just one of those simple restaurants with a fun name.
5	Attended a birthday party here. The food was AMAZING especially the BEEF SHORT RIB stew, highly recommend. I also really liked the Salted Caramel pudding, it was to die for! Overall, the service was stellar and the ambiance was just right for the start of a wonderful night! Great job! I will be coming back...and so will the other 20 people in our large party! No one had any complaints.
5	They have private rooms! Went on a Sat night for a Birthday party for 22, and can I just say I felt the service far exceeded our expectations for a Sat night AND a large party! Alex S. was one of two servers for our group, and my hubby and I felt like we were the only 2 in the party! He was so attentive and very accommodating to everyone in our party...and did it all with a smile and a great, fun attitude!! Love him! The other wait staff was just as wonderful!! What a bonus to the amazing food! The pre-selected menu was deeeelish! Everything served was beautifully prepared, perfect portions, so fresh, so tasty, so delectable! The chef did an AMAZING job! Again, for a large party you don't expect much, but we were so impressed with Arrogant Butcher's stellar service and quality, scrumptious food...we are definitely coming back and spreading the word! Being there for a friend's birthday was special enough, but a BIG THANK YOU to the chef and wait staff (Alex S!!) for making it a pretty incredible dining experience!!
4	4 of my co-workers and I dined at the Arrogant Butcher for a birthday dinner after a long days work.  We split some appetizers and they were all great.  We had a meat and cheese plate and we ended up getting lucky and having 2 orders come out instead of just 1.  The salami we chose was great... Sliced very thin and the cheese was also great.  I had the bass and it was wonderful!  I was very happy with the portions and way that it was prepared.  2 of my co workers had the filet and they thought it was cooked incredibly well and everything tasted great.  My dad had the fried chicken and he thought he was interesting, but very good.  Just had a different take on Fried Chicken I guess?  We were also pleasantly surprised by the free dessert that we were given because of our co-workers birthday!  It was a great evening and the drinks were a-coming all night long.......  We had a great night.  The bar was crowded and so was the restaurant.  We had a blast!
3	Pretty good location nearby US Airways Center. Sat outside patio. Pretty nice. Personally, I would have preferred the crispy shrimps if it was not salted over. AB burger was good.
5	Another Fox hit! Always a great spot for pre-concert food or just a  few drinks with friends. I always get the pretzel and cheese bites, it is seriously heaven in my mouth. Don't pass up adding a few oysters to your entree, either. They are excellent! If your looking for FAB customer service in the downtown area, this place has got it. Nothing but amazing service.
3	The food is good. The kale salad is my favorite. Slightly over priced but an overall good experience.
4	We came here for happy hour and it did not disappoint they have a great happy hour and a large patio that's awesome for people watching. I got a specialty cocktail for $4 called the fix which was refreshing and delicious. Vodka with mint and berry puree. We ordered several plates of oysters, which adds up at $2.50 each. The mineit sauce came with the oysters was fantastic, but the oysters did have quite a few shells in them.  They need to be more consistent with the plating the first plate had yummy veggies on it second one didn't.The pretzel fondue was very good too. I can't wait to come back and try dinner soon.
3	The atmosphere is fun and the food is pretty good.  Pretty good is about all I can say though.  There are a lot of items that are greasy  or just lack flavor.  For the prices you're paying it isn't exactly value.  I prefer almost all of the other Fox Restaurants to this one.  What it is good for is happy hour before a Suns game.  And desserts.  The desserts are solid!
5	Came for a late lunch after a day of travel. The customer service that we experienced from the front door to the server was phenomenal; you can tell it is clearly part of the culture and expectation of the restaurant. The server did a great job explaining the menu and suggesting some popular choices and personal favorites. Her suggestions were on point. The pretzels and provolone fondue was an excellent appetizer, the pretzels are made fresh and on site daily. By far the best I have ever tasted. The sweet potato tortellini was the servers personal suggestion and it was the absolute best pasta I have ever had; unique and different taste but absolutely on point. I wish we had an establishment like this back at home. Kudos to the management and ownership.
5	The filet mignon is to DIE for. ;) also I recommend the smoked ham and sharp cheddar cheese for an appetizer...
5	Awesome happy hour specials and great staff. Chip, bartender, is the bomb! The appetizer pretzels and provolone are super awesome and the breads are clutch - sweet potato, garlic etc.
5	came here for lunch after climbing camelback mountain. needed to treat myself after doing that! had the crispy shrimp for an appetizer.  the shrimp were large and fried perfectly. the dish came with fried jalapenos as well which was a nice pairing with the shrimp, but i think maybe fresh slices of jalapenos would've been better instead of deep frying them.ordered the AB burger with bacon. amazing. one of the best burgers i've had. came with a side of garlic fries. will definitely come back if i'm ever in the area again.
5	I got the NY Strip with roasted vegetables and creamed horseradish. Not bad, little too much gristle for me. My wife got the Filet with creamed spinach and crispy potato (which I believe means is a whole deep fried potato). Again, not bad. Also got the hummus, which we get every time we go here. The crusty bread with oil, has a delicious syrupy aged basalmic hidden under the oil so you have to dig to the bottom
4	Went for my anniversary. The service was awesome. The appetizers were pretty good as well.. I don't even like pretzels but I would recommend theirs. The entrees were good as well. A nice drink selection is available as well. The only thing that I didn't care for was the location (downtown parking sucks) no knocks on the restaurant. Will definitely go again
4	Went there for lunch today.  Had a blast!  Service was great and the food was even better.  Everyone in our 18 person group loved it.  Nice, clean, and fun....  A great place to spend part of your day......
4	Excellent place, and although I am not supposed to eat bread I had to try the pretzels. Awesome!
4	The chicken stroganoff was darn good.  The salad was less than impressive but overall, I enjoyed it and would return.
4	Happy Hour is pretty amazingThe Fix - $4 of berry rum goodness that goes down smoothRoasted Peppers Toast - Great simple starter executed wellBLT - The tomato jam was interesting and I would've liked the toast bread for the BLT instead of their (pretzel?) buns
5	I had the sweet potato tortelli and strawberry lemonade, which were both tasty. On top of the amazing food, the service was top notch and everyone from the host, server, bartenders and kitchen staff were friendly.
4	Great ambiance and service for a Monday evening, arriving an hour before closing time. Good bar selection, plenty of solid high end Scotch and Tequila. The soft pretzel and provolone fondue appetizer was simply amazing. Oysters were tasty, and the filet mignon was cooked perfectly--slightly charred on the outside and rare in the center. All food was excellent. I'm very discriminating with 5 star reviews, but this deserves a high 4 star. Will definitely return here on visits to Downtown Phoenix.
5	A+!!!! I had the pork carnitas.... So good. Great atmosphere and staff. Delicious food. Can't wait to go back.
3	Food is meh, especially compared to stars like Culinary Dropout (this may be the weak link the Fox chain). Plentiful outdoor seating is nice, but this meal left something to be desired.
4	Great location and fantastic food.  Our group had the mussels, hummus and zucchini fritters all appetizers were a hit.  All three of us had the jambalaya and it was very good.  It had the right amount of kick to it.  Would definitely come back when I come to town again
3	Fun, trendy place to have a drink or meal down town. Cool urban feel location makes for a neat atmosphere that is somewhat unique. I have never eaten here though but would do well definitely be back.
4	Overall liked this place. I had the side salad and cioppino. The dishes were delicious just small in portion.  The dessert may have been the best part. We tried the peanut butter dessert, the chocolate dessert and salted caramel dessert.  The best one was the salted caramel. OMG SO GOOD that you would go back JUST for that dessert. Oh and may I say that the service was probably the best service I have ever had. Wish I remembered my servers name so I could mention him here.  He was so awesome.
3	The prime rib, hot chocolate cake and zucchini appetizer were all good. Nothing amazing but solid and tasty. My only real disappointment was the hostess and wait. When I make a reservation I expect it to be honored my reservation was for 6:15pm and we were not seated until 7:05pm. The hostess was rude and although the manager comped a couple appetizers the whole situation soured the evening. Be weary. They had difficulty honoring a number of groups reservations.
4	Great food great location!
5	great food table was ready service wasperfect
4	Must try the fresh oysters!
5	Awesome food, service, and atmosphere. Yo Yo
4	Okay, this place is good! I really enjoyed the patio dining experience. The service was exceptional. Our waiter shared responsibilities with other on the patio making it feel like we had a crew of three to wait on us. We were seated immediately on a Saturday afternoon. The place was crowded, but didn't feel like it. Oysters on the half shell were fresh. It was a great appetizer. I had the Jambalaya and would recommend it.
4	Nice bar atmosphere and good beer selection. Sat outside on a beautiful night. The jambalaya exceeded my expectation. Very nice. Very attentive servers.
5	great outside patio, terrific service, outstanding food.  Get there for happy hour, enjoy the food, but get the salted carmel pudding, it's to die for.
3	Heard it was a great place by an elite member, so we went in but the wait was too long. Seems like a pretty popular place.aybe next time.
5	what a great place.. trying to be edgy and pulling it off.. very hard to do. great food.
4	A great Happy Hour find!  Their HH promotion run for about $4 (cocktails, appetizers, brews) and runs until 6pm on weeknights.That being said - let me inform you of what has been missing from your earthly existence.  PRETZELS + FONDUE.  Yes.  Perfect and PLUMP pretzel bits, fluffy on the inside and absolutely sinful when dipped in the cheesy concoction delivered alongside.  Massive (filling for two!) basket + fodue ramekin only $4 during HH!Dranks: I tried the ($4!) Mexican Maid (Hornitos Blanco, Mint, Cucumber, Lime Sour) as well as the Mule (Beet salad was The bill for two people (two beers, two cocktails, two entrees, and an app) came out to be around $70 - - - not too shabby!
5	Had my birthday dinner here.  They treated us excellently.  We had a table of 12 and ran late due to traffic and they saved our seats still even though the place was packed.  Definitely worth trying.  Since it was my birthday and my friends know I am such a foodie, I got a sampling of a few things that were ordered :)  I love my friends!Fried Chicken - double coated and fried, very crunchy, excellently cooked tender flavorful chicken. It's a special of Thursdays. It was great!Pastrami Sandwich - great meat with cole slaw and excellent bread (pretezel, a chicago favorite!)Jambalaya - Very yummy, perfect consistency and great tasting.  Comes with Shrimp, chicken, sausage and okra, each piece cooked to the perfect consistencyCheese Burger - Perfectly cooked burger, great flavor, excellent bun made of angus beef, and cheddar and with grilled onoinsSalted Caramel Pudding - a nice sweet and salty treat to top it off, a bit overly on the salty side, it kinda burned my throat, but still very good. Tid Bit: Free desert on your birthdayTid Bit 2: THey validate in the lot under them for 2 hours, after that it's 3 dollars for the first hour.
5	Best beet salad I have ever had.  Great ambience too with the proximity to the Suns arena.
4	SO DELICIOUS!had dinner here last night with my boyfriend and it was amazing.  Cheese fondue and pretzel rolls are a must!!! had some cheese and meats that we picked at and we shared an entree.  The steak was really good. perfectly cooked and I really enjoyed the horseradish cream sauce that came with it.  Even the seasonal veggies that I normally just pick and and leave were really good.
5	A group of us were in Phoenix for a weekend of Dodger Spring Training games.  We had just arrived and we were in need of some really good food and drinks (especially the drinks part).  One of our group checked Yelp and after seeing (and reading) the great reviews we packed up our rental and headed to The Arrogant Butcher.  We were greeted and seated promptly.  We were off to one side of the restaurant (probably due to the size of the group) and that was just fine.  We were a little noisy.  Chris was our server.  He has a great personality and was the perfect fit for a group like ours.  He recommended some drinks and appetizers, took our beverage order and was back in no time with a tray of cold drinks for all of us.  We only ordered one appetizer-the Pretzel bites with cheese fondue.  Very Yummy!!  Our orders were all over the board, sandwiches, burgers, salads and entrees.  All the meals were delicious.  I had the turkey pastrami sandwich and loved it!  No desserts so I can't give a review there but we were so happy we choose this restaurant.   I can't say enough about Chris.  He was informed about the menu and drinks, provided quick service, and had a spontaneous wit that had us busting up with laughter.  We only get to Phoenix once or twice a year but we will definitely be coming back to The Arrogant Butcher when we are here.
4	We have been to almost all the fox restaurants here in Phoenix and have never been disappointed. This was the first time we were. Most of the food items were outstanding. My husband had the jambalaya our friends had the New York strip, and we shared the pretzel fondue and the mussels.  Plus for desert we all had the salted caramel pudding. All of these items were delicious. I had the carnitas and it was very mediocre. There was hardly any meat and it was in round balls, the corn cakes were slightly burnt, and the greens over powered the flavors. The service was alright he kept leaving too quickly and we ended up having to ask other waiters for things. This might be a one off situation so I would go back again and hopefully wont be disapointed.
4	Cheese plate and bread were delicious!!!  Prime location to sit outside and enjoy good weather.  The cheese plate was a good choice paired with a small salad and grilled asparagus.  I thoroughly enjoyed relaxing a sampling the quality food.  I wish I had time to sample more items, the menu was pretty extensive.  Quality ingredients.
2	Very disappointing.The New York Strip I had was served pre-cut and the meat was chewy. I expected a lot more for $34. Compared to the steak I had at Durant's the next night, this was a joke.The various charcuteries were just meh. They weren't horrible but definitely not memorable.The name of the restaurant is a little presumptuous given the meal I had there. They should re-name it "The Humble Butcher" and reduce the prices of everything on their menu by about 50%.
4	I was in town for a convention and looking for a good place to go to dinner. I loved their diverse menu choices and everything we ordered was delicious. The service was efficient and good. Highlights were the Pretzel with Fondue appetizer and the Sweet Potato Tortelli (yes, The Arrogant Butcher has vegetarian menu options). I ordered the Chicken Stuffed with Crab...it was delicious and, but did not come with anything else...leaving it looking a bit lonely on the plate.
4	Yep, it's good. A restaurant doesn't get 4 stars out of 500+ reviews for nothing. Went here with coworkers after a long, hard day of standing around looking busy at the Travel Goods Association International Luggage Show at the Phoenix convention center. Tired of candy, pretzels and food court food we decided to venture out into the night on foot to the Arrogant Butcher. I called ahead and easily made a reservation for 5 people. We walked to the restaurant from the Hyatt across the street from the Convention Center and it took us probably 7 minutes to get there. Easy walk, and thankfully not a bad part of town (although they sure do roll the sidewalks up early in Downtown Phoenix, it was pretty dead and it was only 7:30).When we arrived, we were greeted and immediately seated. The decor is casual, but not too casual that you wouldn't consider having a business lunch or dinner there. We ordered the Black Mussels as an appetizer, they were very good. The spicy salumi and tomato broth was flavorful and rich. I only wish they had served the Mussels with a little more bread. When there's a good broth it's such a shame to not have bread to dip in it. I also had the "Gin and Sexy Tonic", which was yummy. Nothing remarkable, but I've literally never met a G&T I didn't like so I have no complaints about the drink at all. A coworker and I were each torn between the same two dishes, so we decided each to order one and share them. She ordered the New York Strip and I ordered the Scallops. Both we fantastic. The scallops were cooked perfectly and served with the tastiest roasted cauliflower and Brussels sprouts and some kind of puree that I can't remember, and garnished with slices of tangerine. The New York Strip was wonderfully tender and cooked to medium rare, like my coworker ordered. It was served pre-sliced, which made it very conducive for sharing, and I don't think any flavor or succulence was lost on account of the meat being pre-sliced. Unlike G&Ts, I HAVE met steaks I didn't like, but this steak was not one of them. I liked this steak a lot. For dessert, we order one each of the Salted Caramel Pudding, the "Hot Chocolate" Cake and the Blueberry Cheesecake. They're served in little jars, which is cute. Let me just say- that salted caramel pudding was DIVINE. Absolutely divine. Blessed and sanctified by the pudding gods, a holy union of sweet and savory in a little jar and, ultimately, in my mouth and in my tummy. Hallelujah. Hot Chocolate Cake was good, but not extraordinary. I can make a very similar chocolate molten lava cake that's at least as good at home (let me know if y'all want the recipe, it's beyond easy and very impressive for dinner parties!), and I can make like a dozen of them for as much as it cost us to order this one cake. But I digress. If you're a chocolate lover there's nothing wrong with this cake and it will satisfy your chocolate tooth. Blueberry Cheesecake-- I have to say I was disappointed. The kind of cheesecake I like is the thick, dense, heavy "I might just be eating a block of cream cheese" kind, and this cheesecake did not deliver in that respect. It was one of those whipped cheesecakes, more like a mousse than a cheesecake really, so I took one bite and lost interest and went back to the holiest of holy Salted Caramel Pudding. All told (and by this I mean including tax and tip and everything), the bill worked out to about $200 for one appetizer, 2 drinks, 5 entrees and 3 desserts. Not bad, really, considering that the food was high quality, heftily apportioned and very tasty. The verdict: The Arrogant Butcher is a great place to go and grab some dinner, be it with friends or colleagues, if you're willing to spend a little extra dough to make it a memorable and delectable meal. To Go or Not to Go: Get your butt over there if you're in the area and thank me later.
1	Sadly, the food is really delicious at the Arrogant Butcher, but waiting 1.5+ hours for our meals THEN subsequently finding a hair on the plate was truly unacceptable.  You will not be seeing me again Arrogant Butcher. And I would not be able to recommend this place due to the fact that they only wanted to compensate us with a $6 dessert. Really? That's all you can do for a $100 dinner? Appalling. We waited over an hour an a half for a medium rare filet mignon, and a hamburger. THEN once we were eating there was a hair UNDER the creamed spinach on the filet mignon's plate. My hair is brown and curly and 6+ inches long. My companion's hair is blond and about 3+ inches long. The hair on the plate was black and thick and about 1.5inches long. Yet you refused to comp us anything but a $6 dessert? Really?? Really? Arrogant indeed
4	We had an enjoyable dinner last night before a play at the Orpheum. Ordered the pretzels and fondue because of previous posts.  They were really good!  Four of us had 3 different entrees and all were delicious. The salty caramel pudding is a perfect ending to the meal!  Servers gave helpful menu advice and good service and also had fun personalities!  All and all a fine experience.
5	Excellent food.  Great prices for the quality and quantity.  Everything that hit the table was gone in no time.I will return.
4	I never met this rumored arrogant butcher. But I did check this spot out for lunch with a group of 8 travelling coworkers. Had something called the Steak Cobb Salad and it was good. Large enough to make a meal. A few others had the burger and it looked tasty as well. This is a nice, spacious restaurant with a separate party room in the back. Best of all? The name of the place is easy to remember. Still never met any arrogant people the whole time...
5	This is the place to go before seeing a show at Stand Up Live. It was Thursday night and this place was PACKED. We had to sit at the kitchen bar, which were probably the best seats in the house.  The salad chef was social, explaining the difference in meats and cheeses on the menu, while still running his station effortlessly. We even got a little taste taste of one of the items. We ended up ordering all sorts of things we probably would have never tried if not for him (salad chef).  Our actual waiter was very pleasant and knowledgeable about the menu.  So much in fact, I let him surprise me with my entree.  He chose a lovely sea bass, cooked perfectly. Absolute heaven. We we on a flavor high, so naturally we had to try dessert.  Salted caramel pudding with sliced apples, OMG. Somebody roll me out the door.... Just go there...with people who like to share.....
5	The attention to detail was superb! Chris our waiter noticed how my steak was not well done, as I started to eat, and had it fixed with the manager. The appetizers, mussels and shrimps, were served on time. The manager at the restaurant stopped by to check and addressed and validated. The wine selection was fantastic! A gem of a place - with excellent service.
5	Ate here while in town for spring training...it was fabulous. I had the scallops and my husband had the pork chop. Both were great. Good service. Great location and fun vibe in the restaurant.
3	Frankly, not sure what all the fuss is about.  It was fine; not great, not lousy, just fine.  We stopped in during happy hour before heading to the Giants/Dbacks opening game.  (Giants won, yay!)  The place was reasonably busy, but not crazy given that there were still a lot of empty tables.  We chose a number of items from the bar menu - pretzel rolls with cheese fondue, an antipasto plate, grilled mushrooms and marcona almonds.  The cheese fondue was about as bland as cheese can be and the pretzel rolls looked good, but were more bready than chewy like a pretzel should be and they pretty much tasted like pancakes.  The antipasto plate was a few slices of shaved salami, 2 small pieces of French bread and about a teaspoon of some kind of goat cheese.  This came with a small amount of house mustard and a cherry jam or chutney.  The plate was about 5 times too large for the small amount of stuff.  I don't know if they forgot something or this is just what they serve.  We ended up dumping the mustard in the fondue and that made it taste a lot better, so at least it served some purpose.  Maybe they should use this idea and do this, too?The service was average at best.  We were seated quickly and our server, Tom, started out on a good note, but he was not in the picture much after we were served.  Our beers were long gone before he showed back up again, and the second round that we ordered was long in coming. The other tables near us seemed like they were having the same experience.  Don't know if this is the norm for their service.Like I said, nothing was horrible, nothing was great.  It was just OK.  This is probably a 2 to 2.5 star experience, but the Giants won so I'm rounding up.  Maybe we should have ordered a burger or something.  Who knows?
4	I love this place for its pretzel bread fondue and salted caramel pudding! I've been here twice now with coworkers for lunch and I dream of the next time just so I can have the appetizer and dessert, I don't even remember what my main course was, but it was good, too.
2	Went to the bar, no acknowledgement after a few minutes, got up and left, no body cared, to concerned w/ their wknd plans to worry about a customer leaving unserved, disappointing Sam Fox!
5	First tip, make reservations! We came on a busy night in Phoenix with games in both arenas and a variety of shows, but made reservations and were sat within minutes of arriving.  Portions are not huge (more than enough to fill you up though) , and quality is amazing!  Service was very helpful and friendly.Great place, highly recommend!
3	Went to grab a bit to eat after seeing a Saturday ballet matinee. It was happy hour so I got "The Fix," which wasn't too bad, but the beer I got after that (Sweaty Betty) was better. Food was pretty average, although the pretzel fondue was really tasty. I got three shrimp which were pricey ($3/shrimp) but pretty large and the tabbouleh salad which wasn't like tabbouleh at all (but still tasty). Overall, good service, tasty food but overpriced.
5	Great vibe. Awesome service! We had drinks and appetizers. The drinks were very tasty and unique. We will come back.
5	Was in AZ for business and went to this restaurant with a colleague. I got the beet salad with chicken and it was great!!! I saw people order the jambalaya so that will be on my list!
3	uummm not so much. The appetizers were the best part, and yes, agree with other's reviews, pretzel fondue excellent. The muscles were also delicious. The most disappoint part was the Sea Bass- would have made a better door stop. Over cooked, dark and flavorless. My friend also ordered, her's cooked the same. I was part of a large group and the service was perfect so kudos to the staff!
1	My mom and I came here for dinner,  Since she works downtown we were able to walk.  She wanted to come here for the Pretzel fondue.  Since this was my first time I was excited (especially when I saw the reviews).  I was quickly let down!First when we came in there were 4 girls standing at the door talking.  We stood there for a minute then realized that these are the hostesses.  This is why restaurant employees should  wear uniforms.  Once they helped us, they had to argue over what serves arrived and who hasn't.  Finally we were going to be sat, we were the only people in a section (guessing the server was just starting).  They sat us in a half booth where the person facing the door had the sun in their face directly.  We asked to be moved and she said there were no other tables (obviously there were open tables ALL around us).  We said it was fine and we waited for out server.  He came and we ordered the pretzel fondue.  The pretzels were great, the provolone fondue was good but the cheese was kind of separated.  When eating the server asked if we wanted to order our food.  The pretzels was a HUGE portion so we wanted to wait to see how hungry we were after finishing them.  This seemed to annoy the serve...it was all downhill from here.  After finishing the app, the server has yet to return.  We were going to share and sandwich, since we were not too hungry.  The tables around us filled, and these people all ordered their food with our server.  After about 20 minute of waiting, we decided that we did not want to eat her anymore.  We asked for the bill...and waited yet again.  Overall it took about 1 hour for a appetizer and to pay.  I am not sure I will come back again....which was a bummer since it was somewhere I wanted to try.  I would give more for the food (only got an app) but the service ruined that idea.  One start it was.
3	Fish and Chips were great, light and flaky.  The Burger was a little dry.... Good flavor.  Artichoke hummus was Great, make sure they give you enough pita bread up front.   Biggest disappointment was the Ranch dressing !!  It had a really weird vinegar taste.  Service was great!!! Thanks Alejandro.
5	Awesome! Way cool atmosphere. Awesome food. Great service (although the waitress did call me "kitten"...weird). I got the sweet potato tortellini. Blew my mind. And the cheese and meats were delish.
5	This place is awesome!!! My husband and I have been here about 4 times and every time has been amazing. We only sit at the "Raw Bar" when we come. The guys behind the raw bar are so personable and make your visit special each time. They are actually one of the main reasons we keep coming back. I love this place, and we will continue coming back and telling others.
3	Good place to stop into before a game at nearby Chase Field.Had the House Soft Pretzels and Provolone Fondue as an appetizer. A bunch of mini roundish soft pretzels to dip in melted provolone. Very tasty and filling.I had the AB Double The Meat Cheeseburger with Mushrooms and my other half had the Shrimp, Chicken and Sausage Jambalaya. Both were huge, tasty and filling.We left stuffed.
4	I thought the food was very good ---- we went with 5 people, and everyone enjoyed what they had, from the stew, to stroganoff, to salmon, which I had.  We started with the suggested (by waiter) appetizer of pretzels and cheese, and it was a nice start for one order to pass around the table.  We all had salads which we enjoyed, and we must say something about the caramel pudding dessert.  Very good.  Parking was easy (one of us parked on the street, the other in the garage and used validation) and food was good.  However, the two negatives are a bit of a limited menu, and pretty pricey for what we had.  I like a restaurant that doesn't overfeed you, and this one did not ---- but it was on the expensive side for the amount of food we did get.  But then we were in downtown Phoenix (we are usually on the outskirts) so it is probably comparable to other restaurants in the area.  We would go here again.
4	Sweet Potato Tortellini!!!!  A must if you go see the Butcher.  So delicate and flavorful!  My BF got the Short Rib Stew, neither of us were fans.  It was the opposite of the tortellini--heavy and bland.  Great atmosphere and service.  Perfect for dinner before a basketball game or concert!
4	This is my new favorite place. Got a few appetizers including the pretzel fondue, artichoke hummus and zucchini fritters. The pretzel fondue is what dreams are made of...seriously.  Drinks were well crafted and worth the higher price! Hummus was a bit disappointing but everything else was ah-mazing!!!
4	A new fan of this place.  Just wondering around downtown, and did not want the standard run of the mill food.  This was a great alternative.  Had the Chicken Club and San-Tan Brew.  Great staff and great all around experience.  It will be a standard for my trips to Phoenix in the future.
5	Came in for lunch since I heard such great things about this place. Sat at the bar so I wouldn't have to wait for a table. Nice atmosphere and around 11:30am the business suits started rolling in from the surrounding buildings. Great service at the bar. He suggested the chicken quinoa salad, which had more lettuce and less chicken and quinoa.  Nice healthy portion and was just enough for lunch. Will be back for dinner sometime soon!
1	I stopped in for a drink and a quick bite but after the service I was receiving I decided to only order a drink (one more min of being ignored I would have walked out ordering nothing). I sat at the bar, which wasn't busy considering there was only 2 other people sitting there at the time,and the 2 bartenders were too busy talking to each other to check the area to see if new people were sitting down. After about 3 min of being ignored, another person sat down. Because this person sat closer to the bartenders peripheral , she got served within 1-2 min. Finally after the bartender took her order and was starting to prepare her drink she noticed me, By then the damage of waiting 5 min had been done. It is not for me to get their attention, it is for them to not have conversations with their backs fully turned to their station so they can notice if they have customers in need.
4	Once again, read into a few of the other reviews too much.  Arrived with reservations and was seated in Teddy's section.  service was great.  She knew her wines and was in tune to what we needed.  Food was great - short rib stew - great with a spicy kick.  sea bass was moist and well flavored.  Tortelini's was better than expected.  It was a little loud but loved it so much took customers back the next night!!!
4	Had a good experience this week with our large party along with all the prom couples that came in. Apps and mains were all delicious - no complaints what so ever. Though very busy, the service was excellent!  Had the seafood linguini and it was tasty!
5	Great service, great food, great drinks, great atmosphere. So glad I came here for lunch on a business trip. I had the turkey poblano sloppy joe- it was awesome!
3	We went here for dinner on a busy night but the restaurant takes reservations so we got our table right away. We ordered 2 appetizers - the cheese fondue w/pretzels and the crispy shrimp. While the crispy shrimps were tasty, they were really greasy but came with a decent dipping sauce. The pretzels were also okay .. a little dry. For dinner we ordered the fish & chips and another dish that I can't remember the name of - both were not too bad ... We had a lot of leftovers. I had heard a lot about the salted caramel pudding so even tho we were really full from dinner, we ended up getting that. I would say that this was the best part of the entire meal. The pudding was really creamy, smooth, & tasty. I'd definitely go here just for dessert & order that!
3	while serving on jury duty i decided to take in some big city eats. the AB is one of those high falutin places see and be seen all the beautiful people hipsters chicks dudes business peeps you get it . i had the kale and roasted califlower salad with salmon and a  champagne vinigerette though very tasty the amount of salmon was maybe 3oz worth and may have come from a can because it looked a little more like tunafish but again certainly tasted like salmon and was tasty as well. I sat at the bar service was good decor modern yet comfortable.
4	Had the tabbouleh chicken salad.  It was good. It had nice balance and was dressed well. Either the dressing or the chicken was a bit salty (couldn't get ring off afterwards) but it tasted good.  Are on the patio which was really nice.  Would return.
3	I had the house Soft Pretzels and Provolone Fondue as an appetizer.  It was yummy, but it's pretty big and between two people, it is easy to fill up on and spoil your actual meal.  That being said, the meals were huge!!  I ordered their Sloppy Joe, which was recommended by our waitress.  She said it was out of this world.  Well, it was just alright.  It was good, don't get me wrong, but definitely not worth ordering again if I ever came back.  My man ordered a cheeseburger, which he enjoyed.  We were first seated at a two seater booth, but we wanted to sit next to each other.  When we asked if we could move, the hostess looked confused and perplexed.  She eventually moved us, but she reacted like it was a huge deal (more like nervousness).  The restaurant was empty, and she sat us in an area where there was a server.  I am not sure what the issues was.  She was sweet about it though. Maybe she was new?? Our waitress was also somewhat spotty, and our drinks ran dry for quite sometime before she ever appeared again.  We didn't even order anything crazy.  I had a water and my man had a lemonade!   I wish I could blame it on our waitress being busy, but the restaurant was still dead.  So, not sure were she ran off to, and when we tried to spot another waiter/ress down, they too were hard to find.Overall the food was good, but the waiting was ok.  I wouldn't come here again unless nothing else was open.  I am not even from Phoenix and I can tell you that there are too many better options to choose from in downtown.
4	Great fried zucchini fritters with fun aioli!Had rib eye sandwich like French dipNot so good. That salty bland and plain weird au jus sauce on the side was inedibleAte the sandwich with the aioii.  Choked it down from pure starvation and too uncomfortable to complain-business lunch and short on time. :(Great lemonadeBeautiful sparkely waitressNice atmosphereWould go back again to try other items that are raved about and of course a Long Island ice tea
5	Their ribs are delicious! And all of their food is fresh (except for the frozen peas, which are listed as "frozen peas" on the menu). Great atmosphere and music, but not so loud that you can't enjoy good conversation. Enjoy!!
4	The prime rib had the best rub or crust or whatever you call it that I've ever tasted. The meat was very flavorful too.  Other people at our table were a ltitle disappointed in the size of the meals for the price.  They had stuffed chicken and salmon.  The prime rib meal I had was great and good size.  Service was excellent.I'd love to go back soon.
5	Had lunch. The Short rib green chile stew is fabulous. Good reports on the jambalaya. Saw the pastrami pass by - looked delicious. We'll be back. Don't order cheese - they serve it chilled. How can professional restauranters be so ignorant?
1	Wasn't impressed at all! If you are going to name yourself arrogant butcher you better make a good steak .....and they didn't, sadly. It was overbooked even after explaining exactly how we wanted it. Bread was hard and cold. Wine took forever to get to us. The manager did comp us the glasses of wine that took so long which was nice. I would say only go for the atmosphere and the drinks! Not the service or food
5	What a great place! Love the food and the atmosphere! I was in last Friday and although it was packed due to Phoenix Comicon, a Dbacks game, the Phoeinix Symphony and first Friday...  We got a table in the bar, had attentive service and made it out just in time to make it to the Phoenix Symphony for our show! My boyfriend and I went in yesterday to enjoy some drinks and appetizers for the afternoon and had a wonderful time again! Lauren was our server and she was fabulous! Again attentive and made sure we had everything we needed! I will definitely be back!
5	I live about 45 minutes from AB so I'm not exactly "in the neighborhood."  Yet, we end up there more times than I can count.  And why is that?  The service is fantastic.  The drinks (especially the drinks of the week) are extremely tasty and it's just an all around good time.  We went there last night after a less than amazing experience across the street at the Bitter & Twisted Cocktail lounge.  Our awesome server (I can't remember her name but she looks like Carrie from Mythbusters) smoothed over our rough experience and was present without being too present.  It's kind of like going to your best friend's house - comfy and fun.
5	If someone wants to know why I give so many 5-star ratings, it is because my wife and I usually research on Yelp! before we go anywhere, so we are rarely disappointed.  We chose this one because of the ratings and the downtown proximity to the theatre we were attending that evening.  As we approached the doors, they were thrown open by a very nice young man with a big smile, who introduced himself as Bryan and then led us to our table and said he would be our server.  Before the night was over, we gave him a very large tip because he was absolutely one of the best servers we have ever had:  friendly, warm, made excellent suggestions, and non-intrusive but still attentive.  The meal was totally enjoyable in every way.  We started with the pretzel fondue, a basket of large fresh pretzel balls accompanied by a warm cheese dip kept warm at the table via a tea light in the holder.  Delicious, but filling, and we ended up taking four of them home because we did not want to fill up on them (they were addictive!) and ruin our meal.  My wfie ordered the turkey pastrami sandwich at Bryan's recommendation, and followed his suggestion to add roasted peppers.  That was paired with a fresh garden salad with a tasty champagne vianagrette dressing.  She pronounced it all divine!! As a Southerner, I could not resist the honey-drizzled fried chicken and biscuit, issuing a challenge that it would be as good as we have at home.  It was, and the honey was a nice sweet touch versus the salty fried crust.  The chicken was well cooked and juicy--Bryan said they baked it before frying it.  It was accompanied by a creamy and vinegary cole slaw that was the best I have had on the 2-week plus road trip. We both had a local 20 oz. brew with our meal, my wife chose the Lumberyard Hefe and I finally tried the popular Four Peaks Kiltlifter IPA.  Fine dining very reasonably priced in a casual atmosphere downtown--great start to the night.  Thanks, Bryan.  Thanks to you, we will be back on our next visit to the area.
4	Service, meh. Pretzel and cheese fondue, best I have ever had. I live downtown and go here just for these.
3	The portions were very disappointing, but then the check turned out to be lower than I thought it would be.  I wasn't starving today so it didn't bother me as much.  Maybe I'll try something else there and update my review later.We had the salmon and the filet mignon.  The salmon was overly salted and overcooked - super "sticky" chew.  We did enjoy the creamed corn sauce it came with.  The filet was cooked perfectly.  The presentation was nice and cute but it kind of made me laugh when they first arrived on the table.  It was like straight out of a cartoon.For dessert, we enjoyed the chocolate cake which was pretty delicious.  It was very moist and the little bits of salt was nice.  I'm more of a chocolate freak though and it didn't hit my spot but my friend thought it was the best he'd ever had.  All in all, I'd like to try a couple more things before I change my review.  There were a lot of interesting items on the menu.
5	Wow I took a friend here for his birthday it was amazing service and great food!! The warm peanut butter mouse with chocolate gelato was amazing!! A party in your mouth!
4	We got the chicken club and the prime rib dip!!! French fries and side salad!! It was yummy!!!!!!:) Only problem was not a kids menu. They will make a few items for the kids!!! The chicken tenders... The kids did not like them... Not your normal kid friendly kid coating!!!
5	Home run meal!! We were in town for a family event and after walking by decided to try this place out. We walked right in we're greeted and seated In seconds. The menu isn't big but it had good options  and I was so impressed with what I consider the build your own meat and cheese plate. What a great idea. Unfortunately the night before we had a less then satisfying one, so we decided to skip it. We started out with the pretzel rolls and provolone appetizer. AMAZING. We even took the leftover  pretzel balls home on our fight with us. We split the carnitas plate and it was delicious. The savory meat plus tangy veggies and a bit of sweet from the corn cake was awesome. The staff was very friendly and our server was on top of our needs. I was stuffed! I wish I had this restaurant by my home. Should I ever be back in town I will definitely be coming back!
3	Two main things to note - the portions are small and the prices are $$$.We've been three times and there are some things that we really like, but I hate spending this much money and leaving hungry.Their fried squash blossoms (zucchini fritters?) are fantastic.Their salads are excellent, but the portion size is between a standard dinner salad and an entree salad at most places -- plus having protein added is an upsell (and they don't list the price).My wife loves their grilled salmon (she's ordered it twice), but the portion size isn't enough for her, which is funny because she is always the one that brings half of her dinner home.Final note - the salted caramel pudding is fantastic.
2	We love the place but their food is too pricey and overrated.  Especially the ones the are off the menu. We wanted to drink wine that night and the server offered us ANGELA Pinot Noir, and we were shocked when our bill arrived. The wine cost 80 bucks!!! We complained with the wine manager but unfortunately he can't do something about it anymore. Too bad for us. definetly wont coming back for more.:(((
4	I was totally impressed with this restaurant. Me and 3 other ladies were serving jury duty and decided to eat here. We made it aware to the server that we were on a time crunch and she was extremely professional and have us perfect service. The grilled salmon that I ordered was cooked to perfection with a juicy pink center my only issue was that the portion was extremely small compared to a salad with salmon. And my favorite cocktail was their polish fix with vodka, lime juice, and muddled berries. I would recommend this place to everyone!
5	In town for the night and on a recommendation ended up here. Had a great time. Our server was very helpful in offering suggestions and everything we had we thoroughly enjoyed. The atmosphere was relaxing and will definitely come back again when in town.
3	The fondue wasn't very cheesy, but the portion was huge. The fitters were ok. The sloppy joe was great. The stew was good. Desert made the meal. The peanut butter cup was stellar. The hot chocolate cake was tasty and moist as well. I would go back just for the desert! My wife and daughter agree!!
3	The service was fast and friendly and it was pretty packed so I thought it should be a good place to eat and relax, plus it was happy hour! My husband ordered a kilt lifter and I ordered a mr.pineapple which was not too sweet( I hate beers that are too sweet) we ordered off of their happy hour menu which didn't offer too much to choose from. We order the garlic and mushroom toast and also a salmon toast ( I forgot the whole name of that one) both were very good and only 4 bucks. We also ordered the pretzel bites with cheese fondue and omg it was so good and they give you a good portion. I wasn't impressed with their regular menu. Not much to choose from and the prices were high. Perhaps that is why it is called the arrogant butcher. We probably will not be coming back but it is always good to try new things and different spots.
4	Awesome! Have been there like 4 times already and it's consistently excellent! Service is great as well. Wait staff knows the menu well.
4	Great atmosphere, great service, great drinks. Food though kind of not impressed. Got the New Zealand Sea Bass and it was pretty subpar for the price. My friend got the steak and wasn't that impressed. Personally would rather go for drinks and small plates with a group of friends.
4	We had wonderful dinner and the service was wonderful.  We were attending a concert and the waiter was concious of time.  My husband ordered the jambalaya and is still talking about it.  I had a fabulous salad. I recommend making a reservation. The wait is long because the food is great.
5	Food beat our expectations, which were high since this is a FRC. Freshly shucked oysters, so good! Definitely try the cilantro sauce they are served with. We also had the pretzels and cheese. So good you have to consciously avoid filling up on them! Filet mignon melted in our mouths. The special was prime rib served with scalloped potatoes. We didn't save room for desert. Our server was Mark. He was knowledgeable, friendly, and quick. He definitely completed the great experience for us!
5	Wow if not the best 1 of the best jambalaya's I have ever eaten. Definitely a place to come if u visit Phoenix.
5	This place is classy, quick and reasonable. Great for lunch and groups! There's a parking lot across the street - pay lot. The food and service was perfect. I would recommend this to my family and friends.
3	Had this bookmarked for a place to go before a Dbacks game. Went on a Friday around 4:30 and after a brief wait got seated in the bar area for Happy Hour. I'm not big on pretzels or pretzel buns but the House Soft Pretzels are really good, particularly with the fondue. Draft beer specials (12 oz) were cold and reasonably priced. I indulged in a few nice IPAs. Nothing else on the HH menu demanded our attention.For dinner I had the King Crab Cioppino, others in my party tried the ribs and assorted meats and cheeses. All-in-all, I found the entree quality good but the portion size is smaller than I would expect.The charcuterie was a joke though. With several meats and cheeses ordered, there wasn't much to show for it except the desire for more. I believe the waiter said portion size is meat 1 oz and cheese 3 oz. Regardless, good quality but lacking seriously in quantity.Service was good although a bit more attention desired, particularly to my empty water and beer glasses!I would go back but I would be very selective in what I ordered. Sandwiches at next table looked great, so I would probably go that route, along with some other appetizers.
5	Seen the crab cioppino on yelp and had to try it but noticed it wasn't in the online menu =/ I ended up coming the day it was the special though and it was amazing! The service and atmosphere were on point also can't wait to come back.
4	Very packed, parking can be a hastle if a game night. Great food, a bit over priced however, if on not worrying about money, then this is a great place. When weather is nice outside seating is a must.
5	Stopped in this place on a Saturday night and had a drink at the bar. Nothing special when it comes to beers. 5 or 6 on tap..... Came back on a Wednesday night for dinner and WOW! Visiting Phoenix we had a great experience at Culinary Dropouts and decided to try this place again. It was a pre lady GaGa show which we weren't aware of so the place was packed. We scored some really good seats by the chef area.... 5 white stools right at the kitchen where they make salads and the pretzel fondue. If you can get these seats grab them!!! I had filet mignon and friends had jumbalaya. Food was excellent. The chefs at our station were non stop busy filling orders for the restaurant yet they gave us a plate with toasted bread, home made jelly and mustard, cheese and their thin sliced meat. I was also given a horseradish sauce for my filet. At the end of the meal out of the blue the salad chef put a desert infront of us before the waiter could even offer it.... We weren't going to order desert but couldn't resist. Staff was super friendly and food was excellent. Been in Phoenix for 10 12 days with only 2 left... Wish we had found this place sooner! Def don't have places like this in NJ/NY.
4	Two words...sloppy joes! Ok, two more PB cup!Loved the lunch here. They have all my favorites! The turkey sloppy joes were delish! I miss this childhood classic.The desserts rock too. We had the salted caramel pudding and peanut butter cup. My taste buds were thinking of salted caramel gelato when I took a bite but the pudding was not as savory or salty. Still good but could use some umph. Loved the creamy PB cup!!Every dish looks great!
2	Have been here several times since it opened. Unfortunately, this last experience was not the best. After being seated about 8:30 pm on a Friday night, our server came and took our drink order. Then, another one came and took our food order. The original server was nowhere to be seen; we figured it was because the restaurant was getting quieter, and so they sent some of the staff home. No problem. But, after that, after delivering our food, the second waiter never came back. Several people had ordered iced tea of which none were ever refilled. Only waters were refilled. After our plates were cleared, we sat for a good 10 minutes looking for server to bring us the check. Eventually we had to snag a third server to bring us the check. Disappointing. I remember when the restaurant first opened. There was a large size crowd and sometimes a long wait. Now, you can walk right in and be seated (there were 5 of us). Hopefully the service will improve, because restaurants in this area compete fiercely for patrons. I hope the smaller crowd was not an indication that this restaurant is beginning to suffer.
5	Amazing food! My family and I stopped in here before a basketball game for some dinner and were pleasantly surprised! We started out with the pretzel bread and provolone fondu, amazing! We had to force ourselves to stop eating then so we could have room for dinner. For dinner we had the scallops, they were delicious and as soft as butter, some of the best we've ever had. The sea bass was filled with flavor and very tender. We also had the chicken stroganoff, a great pasta dish with a white sauce and vegetables. I will definitely eat here again
4	Went and checked out a few of the restaurants around here and this one was the best.  Food was good and staff very friendly. I highly recommend it.
5	Would have only given it 4 stars but the management went so above and beyond for us that it earned the 5th one!We were seated and then waited... and waited... and waited. It was  Friday night and it was busy. After about 15 minutes of no one coming over to even take our drink order we flagged down the hostess, who was mortified and immediately found our server, who gave us our first round of drinks on the house and was extremely apologetic. Then later the manager even came over to apologize and make sure we had gotten our free drinks. Classy move, Arrogant Butcher. Super classy move.The food was good. I had the salmon which was delicious! - prices can add up quickly with the drinks. Was a great dinner for our short trip to Phoenix, but you could tell it was not a place the locals go to eat. Had a more touristy vibe. Would come back here again and definitely recommend to anyone traveling in the area!
4	Super drinks good atmosphere.   Good food... It just feels like it good be better with the food
4	I had dinner here on a business trip and chose the restaurant based on the proximity to my hotel and the good reviews on Yelp.  It is conveniently located in the downtown area.  The restaurant is housed in a warehouse/loft and you can feel the energy and liveliness when you walk in.  I started out with the beet salad which was outstanding.  The dressing has a subtle sweetness and acidity and the whole dish was fresh and satisfying.  I like the added textures that the pistachios, green beans, and asparagus contributed.The grilled salmon was a tad bit over seasoned, but otherwise it was perfectly cooked and tasty.  It was served with green beans, smoked potatoes, and a very yummy sweet corn puree which complimented the fish.I finished the meal off with the hot chocolate cake which was delicious.  My server was attentive and I had a great overall experience.
4	The best thing about this place is their happy hour. The cheese fondue is only $5 compared to the usual $10. They also have great drinks for $4. My friends usually like to get the shot of Irish Whiskey (which was Jameson) and a 12oz Kilt Lifter for $7 total. They also have yummy little toasts for $4. I haven't tried that much of anything else here because after happy hour it gets a bit expensive. If you sign up for Fox Restaurant Concepts email list they will send you a $10 off coupon for one of their restaurants. My friend did it and got one for Arrogant Butcher so that helped with the price of food.
4	Good comfort food! Hit the happy hour from 3 to 6. The pretzels and provolone fondue are generous.  A couple of Moscow mules on the special followed by fish and chips. The tartar sauce is the best I've ever had. Some sort of chipotle influence.
5	I absolutely love the Arrogant Butcher I just can't get enough of the kale salad with salmon but I've been on a mission to try everything on the menu! The staff has always been wonderful and so helpful, if I lived closer I'd be there all the time :)
5	We met friends here for a "Beer & Banter" dinner (1 dinner of a 3 series of 5 course set menu meals paired with different breweries). The entire experience was amazing. The food was wonderful, portions were just the right amount, and we enjoyed both hearing the Lumberyard Brewery owners and rep speak about the different beers and also hearing the Sous Chef and his assistant speak about the food and pairings (Fox RC definitely hires chefs who can speak to large crowds, not all chefs, from my experience, are capable of such). The chefs were excited to be able to "go off menu" for the pairings and were excited to share their thought process. Jaime seemed to be the manager in charge of the event and he made the whole experience very fun, laid back & welcoming. This was the third dinner of their summer series (we missed the other two unfortunately) but I am excited to see what other events AB comes up with in the future - I'll be there. I am also looking forward to visiting the restaurant to experience their normal dining menu. We will be back!
3	I had a work dinner here and thought the atmosphere was pretty great, open floor plan with big bar in the middle. Great place to grab drinks and some finger food for sure. Staff was friendly and the place had a good vibe to it.  Dinner however, was just okay. There were three of us and we ended up having to order two Charcuterie plates as the portions were pretty small (especially for the price when you pay a la carte for two meats and a cheese - over $20 a plate).The waiter raved about the Beef Short Rib Stew, so two of us ordered it. Definitely fell short and was incredibly salty and lacked any type of texture, even with cornbread crumbled in it. Our other guest definitely enjoyed his Salmon entree.  With their pricing you'd expect more fine dining food quality then bar/bistro food, but in reality that's where this place is, upscale bar food that is overpriced.
5	I've been to the Arrogant Butcher twice, and both times have been phenomenal.I've never had a problem getting a seat during lunch. The hostesses are really sweet and service is always prompt. I suggest getting the pretzels with the provolone fondue. I made the mistake of filling up on it before my meal but it was SO WORTH IT. I also suggest trying the shrimp appetizer. It was also very good.I had their burger which was cooked to perfection. My girlf had their fish and chips, also amazing. My beau loves their beer cocktail, the long legged blonde. Its the perfect summer time drink. I have nothing negative to say about the Arrogant Butcher, except I wish it was a bit closer to me.
4	When one decides to venture into the land of the Fox, it's usually because that land is full of win. FRC has an amazing group of restaurants in the valley and The Arrogant Butcher does not let you down either. The Arrogant Butcher is in the centrally located downtown area across from the Usairways Arena but also near other venues downtown, as well. May as well make a night of it if your downtown. On a whim we came here on a Monday night wanting to test this one FRC out that we had not added to our list. We were not disappointed. We arrived at TAB about forty minutes before happy hour ended and were quickly waited on and schooled on the cheeses of the day and the drink of the day. Our waitress was on her game! We started with The Fix: a mixology cocktail of smooth white rum; fresh lemon; and a fresh blackberry compote sat atop this refreshing, light drink . It was 'The Fix' for our happy, alright! For $4 on happy hour! No one can complain about that! Our appetizer was the Antipasto plate. For $8 on the happy hour menu you get a generous serving of fresh french bread, olives, a dijon mustard, a cheese of the day , (ours was the 'Montchevre; ) and charcuterie meat (ours was a dry 'Framuni' salami). We added another cheese off the cheese board menu, because we consider ourselves serious fromage people! We were torn between more of the Montchevre cheese , which is a aged, smooth goat cheese, with the look and consistency of brie or the Crescenza cheese, which neither of us had ever heard of. Our awesome waitress explained and even suggested we go with the Crescenza since it was a 'new' cheese for our palate. It came out with a cherry compote and more fresh french bread and was an ample supply. Crescenza is a creamy, almost like cream cheese with a stronger flavor and goes perfectly on the bread with a little of the compote schmeared on top. I was full after The Fix and these appetizers, BUT, we had already ordered dinner! My boyfriend ordered the Filet Mignon. It was served with Boursin spinach that was sauteed perfectly and a few crispy fingerling potatoes on the side. His filet was a good 1 1/2 inches thick and cooked to perfection. It did seem it was over salted possibly after the cooking process and that could have been lightened up a bit. Simply, it didn't need it! It was perfect without all that salt! I ordered the Crab Stuffed Chicken. I was stuck between about three different options, despite knowing that I wasn't that hungry! I went with this option because it sounded different. It is a chicken breast that is butterflied and egg dipped into panko crumbs and stuffed with a ton of crab meat! Then served over a bed of sauteed spinach and topped with just enough of lemon and caper au jus. Again, the salt content was a bit overwhelming, but the chicken was cooked to perfection and so tasty that I don't want to knock it for that. Literally, such ample servings on both entrees we not only could have shared, we should have shared! As if I wasn't full enough! My boyfriend 'reminded' me how much I love peanut butter. Okay. Twist my arm! We split the warm Peanut Butter Cup that is a peanut butter mousse served warm with a scoop of dark chocolate gelato. It melts into your mouth and is more for three people sharing and not just for two!! My rating:5 on happy hour5 on waitress5 on decor and atmosphere3 on dinner (only because of salt factor)5 on dessertMake this a solid 4! or even a 4.5! I will be sure to trot back to Fox! I always do!
2	First time and last time here. We went for happy hour but didn't know we had to tell the hostess we want to sit in the happy hour section. Waited twice for a table. Pretzel bites were great and a good value. Antipasta plate did not have much on it for the $8 spent. I had the mule. Very disappointing since we had just left Bitter & Twisted and had amazing cocktails there, only to come here for a sugary pre made drink mix. With so many great places to go downtown, we won't be back.
3	Had lunch here today and it was just mehhh. We split  the soft pretzels and fondue, which are the exact same as every other Fox concept restaurant that serves them. The candle attempting to keep the cheese warm doesn't do a sufficient job.The BLT I had was alright - a little too much lettuce and I wasn't particularly fond of the bread it was on. On a more positive note, the place was completely dead, so service was quick and both servers were really pleasant.
4	Hubby and I had dinner last night and the food was amazing. I took a star away because the service was just okay. The people who brought our food out were super nice. However, our waitress brought us our drinks and disappeared. I had to ask another server to bring us our check. We had planned to have to desert as well but it took so long to get our check we skipped it.
4	Pretty delicious. Cool atmosphere. Great location. A tad pricy and not too many menu options but the quality was good and the flavors were delightful.
4	We went here for happy hour 3-6pm on a Saturday and we had the shrimp, pretzel fondue, mussels, oysters, and the salted caramel pudding. The server was awesome! Great atmosphere and the food arrived quick. Everything was delicious! The pretzels are pretty big and get cold fast if you don't eat them right away (if you want to be picky). We must say that the desert was soooo yummy that we couldn't stop eating it. The salted caramel pudding is a MUST have if you have a sweet tooth like us :)
3	Like a shiny new car, you still need to look under the hood before you choose to buy.  I love all the exterior bells and whistles of The Arrogant Butcher including the hostess that greets you, the pleasant and hip music and the well thought out interior design.  Our waiter even kept the good vibe going with decent service.However, our lunch choice of steak Cobb salad tells a different story.  The $14 dollar salads were lacking on more then one account.  First, the waiter confirmed our good choice and added "I hope you like blue cheese..."  Well the salad came with no 'blue cheese' so hence the awkward (and unnecessary) conversation pursued "I don't see any blue cheese, is it supposed to be on there?"  Second, the portion size was small, particularly the measly steak portions.  Consider yourself lucky to get a couple bites of the needed protein to survive.  It's weird but I was actually considering asking for the menu again so I could order another meal.  And that shouldn't be your thought process as you drop $50 for 2 salads and 2 beers...So in conclusion, before you buy the car, be sure you look under the hood and past all the bells and whistles...
4	Very cool ambiance and probably one of the better places in Phoenix. Beef stew was okay (tasty but hard to differentiate from other stews). Prawn appetizer was awesome. Service is sweet
4	AB is one the nice places to go in downtown Phoenix with a group. Awesome pretzel bread and you have to try the blue berry cheese cake, outstanding!!!!!
5	Arrogant Butcher is awesome!My hubby and I stopped in for a bite on date night. We had some great drinks, food and service!I had the Waldorf salad and a couple oysters, and we shared a pretzel fondue. If you are in any Fox Restaurant, you MUST get the pretzel fondue if it is offered! The best! my salad was perfect! The menu looked great and I can't wait to try something else.
4	Pricey but yummy!!  Always good service no matter how busy. Good wine selection and excellent food!!
4	If you're a fan of Fox restaurant concepts and the Culinary Dropout, then this place is for you! I've never had a bad dish here. Their soups, salads and entrees are all spectacular. All of the flavors of their dishes are married beautifully and every bite you take will dance in your mouth. Pure happiness! You won't go wrong with any of their signature drinks. Their only downfall is there is always a long wait so make sure you plan accordingly especially during large downtown events.
4	Loved the vibe here on a Thursday evening - not too terribly crowded, but there were no downtown events scheduled. It was restaurant week however, and we dined from both menus. Hubby had the fried chicken with honey biscuit and the chicken was cooked to perfection with a crunchy flavorful exterior. The biscuit was flaky (huge) and melt-in-your mouth perfect. I chose from the RW menu and had the hummus (a bit spicy), the green chile stew (perfectly seasoned with huge chunks of short rib) and the salted caramel pudding (creamy, delicate, full of caramel flavor - and probably the best dessert I've ever had... hands down.) I would hit them up again and enjoy ordering just about anything from their hit list. Service was good, there was a tiny snafu with our order but our wait staff fixed it up in no time at all. Good for a small group of friends, date night, or stop by on your own - good beers on tap too.
2	Food tasted good; however, overall, it was overpriced and the service was poor.
5	My daughter just moved to Phoenix and we were on the hunt for a nice, comfortable restaurant that we could sit outside with her dog.  We asked a few people for recommendations and everyone pointed us in the direction of The Arrogant Butcher.  We were not disappointed.  They are dog friendly and the food was great!  We split the Waldorf salad, ordered oysters and split the meatloaf special.  The salad was fresh and tasty, the oysters were sooooooo good!  They give you three sauces to choose from which made it interesting - all three were great.  The meatloaf served with beans and mashed potatoes were awesome.  The best thing is that they split the plates without us ever asking them (for an extra plate to do ourself).  I love it when you get a great waiter - ours was Brian - an Arizona native.  He was wonderful!  We did have drinks - I don't remember the names but their version of a Mojito was awesome!  It was a beautiful night and we really had a great time!  Oh - and desserts - we had the peanut butter and one of the chocolate ones (again - I don't remember the names) and they were really good too!!!!  When I come back to Phoenix to visit my daughter this will be a must.  I loved every aspect of this restaurant!
3	My friends and I shared an assortment of items off the happy hour (M-Sat 3-6pm) menu. The pretzels, which resembled donut holes in size and shape, were my favorite. There were a lot of them to go around the table too.* Soft pretzels with provolone fondue - $5* Artichoke hummus - $6* Smoked garlic, grilled mushroom, + parmesan toast - $4 * Salumi, asparagus, + crescenza toast - $4The $4 happy hour cocktails were sugary and boozy. For my entree, I had the filet mignon with creamed spinach + crispy potato ($30). It was okay, but it wasn't the best steak I've had. The rare parts looked more dull purple than bright red, perhaps because of the lighting where we were sitting. (Color affects taste though!) The steak was a bit underseasoned for my taste.
4	I really enjoyed my meal here. I had the salmon chopped salad and a side of fries to balance it out. The salad was delicious. One of the best salads I have had out. The salmon was smoked and added great flavor. All the ingredients paired together beautifully. The side of fries was huge. More than I expected. And tasted good. You can't really mess up French fries. Service was great. Everyone was very welcoming and helpful. Restaurant had great ambience and there was an open kitchen. Overall, I had a great experience and will definitely try them again if I'm in the area.
4	Awesome job Yelp! While visiting Phoenix for a convention I found this place only a few blocks away from our hotel. We stopped in for dinner and although we were part of a small rush crowd we were quickly seated. The waiter was humorous and prompt, and made some great recommendations for our meals. I ended up with the sweet potato pasta which is somewhat unusual for me. It was incredible! The broth was pretty sweet, but the waiter recommended the spicy ham which was a perfect balance. The wine was lovely and reasonable priced and they have a really cool way to create your appetizer charcuterie plate. If you're a meat or cheese fan this is a definitely visit in the area. It also works well for vegetarians as the sweet potato dish rocked!
4	You can't really go wrong with this place, it's all in the eye of the beholder. Whether you're cruising in for a casual grub or a fancy date, it's a great spot. Although it can be pricey, I'd recommend swinging by  during HH. It tends to be busy but try and hangout by the bar it's the best seat in the house. You'll enjoy some awesome deals and get the best bang for your buck on some scrumptious food. *** Must Try **** Soft Pretzels w Provolone Fondue $5* Crispy Shrimp w Shishito Peppers $8* Toasts - Roasted Red Peppers served up      w Boursin Cheese & Balsamic dressing $4Beers on Tap are dangerously cheap during HH and they serve the best local brews from  PHX 12 oz mugs $3/ Non local $4 #Winning.Perfect stop before you hit up a diamondback or suns game!
5	My boyfriend and I happened to stumble into this restaurant by accident and I am happy we did. I wish this restaurant was in my hometown because it became my new favorite place to have dinner while in Phoenix. I had the crab stuffed chicken and it was cooked perfectly. Although I am not a huge fan of oysters, I loved the ones I was served at this restaurant as an appetizer. For dessert, I had the warm peanut butter cup which was two peanut butter cookies served in a peanut butter sauce topped with chocolate gelato. One of the best desserts I have ever had! Arrogant Butcher is a great restaurant that welcomes and seats its guests in a timely manner no matter how busy it is.
4	I was in downtown Phoenix for a conference, and we came here for lunch. The food was really good, but HUGE portions! Especially for lunch. We got the shrimp and peppers appetizer and the hummus. I got the jambalaya and it was very good! I'm so glad I got it. The strawberry lemonade was a little too tart for my taste, but nothing some sugar can't fix :D
4	I had always seen the sign for this place when I was in Phoenix and I loved the name. Finally got a chance to stop in for a bite. It was a Friday night and it took about 15 minutes to get a seat but the hostesses were great at getting everybody's name entered in to receive a text when a table was ready. The atmosphere and decor is super warm with all of the candles on the tables. We ended up eating on the patio area because it was a nice evening and an event was just letting out which allowed for some great people watching.The waiter recommended the pretzel fondue which I was totally ok with because I adore pretzels and cheese. It came out ridiculously fast which almost made me wonder if someone had cancelled their order of the pretzels and cheese because the cheese had a touch of a skin on it and the waiter kind of stuttered a weird little apology about how sometimes they have them right there and ready to go.We enjoyed a couple of local beers that were on tap and dove right in to the pretzel fondue. The pretzel bites were delicious while the cheese was just merely satisfactory. The only thing is, as I was eating the pretzels, I was still perusing the menu and started to become full. I was debating whether or not to even get an entree. When the waiter came back, I asked him about entrees that were on the small side but I also told him I was considering the pork carnitas or maybe just ordered a side or a salad. He ensured me that the carnitas were on the small side so I would be just fine. I realize in retrospect that a waiter is always going to have you go for the more expensive option to have your bill increase (along with their tip). When the carnitas came out, they were actually a decent sized entree. Some of the bulk did come from the cabbage slaw that was piled about 3 inches high on the two corn cakes. I was so full that I only took about two bites and had to ask for a to-go box. My review on my entree was eating it the next day. My next-day pork carnitas were delicious. I really enjoyed the slight sweetness of the corn cake and I felt like I could eat just those by themselves. I liked the combinations of all of the flavors although the cabbage slaw was on the excessive side. I also had a weird bite where I swear that there was an errant walnut, which must have fallen in. My dining partner had a burger and I believe that he was sufficiently satisfied with his burger for the evening. Overall, the food was decent and the staff were very efficient and friendly in all of their interactions. I enjoyed the atmosphere and the location of this place.
4	The pretzel bites with the cheese is to die for. Our waiter, I believe his name was Jeremy?, was informative and full of personality. I loved that. Pork Carnitas was good and the burger was good. I would have liked the burger to be a little more seasoned, a little more pop, but we were so filled up with pretzel bites that I didn't really mind. Definitely check this place out for a good time.
5	we were treated extremely well and were taken care of, even though we were 10 people.  Got our own private little room with excellent service. The food was top notch and the staff was very friendly. Love loved this place
5	Holy cow!The server recommended her favorites and we ordered both and they offered to split them for us to try both.  Bothe were out of the park!  My wife even liked the cole slaw, and she hates cole slaw.Start with the pretzel and fondue appy, it's fantastic.Come hungry, nothing is bad!Oh, and she brought me a to go cup of their delicious iced tea.  Killer service
5	My husband and I loved everything about this place! Amazing service and melt in your mouth dishes. I highly recommend the beef short rib stew.
5	Amazingly good. I splurged for the filet mignon and it was amazing. Not huge (7oz) but incredibly tender and prepared just right. My wife had the fish and chips, and she can never eat all her food so I got to try a bite and it was incredible too. A bit pricey, but the name says it well- arrogant and nothing but the best- you pay for quality.
3	The service was fantastic. Noelle did a great job as did the hostess and other servers that helped her. very knowledgable about the menu, we never had to wait for a drink or food. everything came out hot and fresh. However, if the food had been as great as the service I would have given htid pace a 5.the food was 'just okay;. probably the berst thing we had at the tabel was the pretzel fondue.
4	I had never been in before but had heard a lot about it from friends in the area. Finally made it in and was happy to see many of my favorites from the Fox Concepts there. They also have a pretty sweet Happy Hour- with serious deals on drinks and apps. The ambiance was also great and had a great view of downtown Phx. I enjoyed my pretzel bites, gin drink and delicious cheddar cheese appetizer!
4	Had dinner here last Thursday night and really enjoyed the experience.  There were so many things to choose from that sounded good, and based on our experience, we will have to go back to try more, as we were very happy with what we selected.  We also shared our meals so both had the opportunity to try more.  We started with a little tray of grilled asparagus and olives and cheddar cheese that was served with crusty bread and delicious jam.  We shared the scallops, which were very well prepared and flavorful, and the New York strip steak that was served with an amazing horseradish sauce.  The food was amazing and the service was totally up to par.  We opted to sit out on the patio, which was also very enjoyable.  Can't wait to come back, though seeing as I reside in Los Angeles, it will be a while!
2	This was my third time, and I just keeping chasing the high that was my first time at Arrogant Butcher. Looking like I will never get the quality that I got the first go around. I ordered the scallop dish and the first time it was amazing. One of the best all around dishes I had ever had. The second visit I ordered them, and they were raw in the middle. Fluke perhaps? Last night I gave it another go and the vegetables were undercooked and the scallops were chewy. Sad, really. I seek out restaurants with consistent food quality. This is another to add to the list of unpredictable, sub par meals. Plus side: Waitress was friendly and relatively fast. The Pinot noir wine offered is one of my favorite bottles ever. The ice water is good, and thankfully doesn't have a weird taste that is commonly found in restaurant water. Was hoping that the third time would be the charm but sadly, I don't think I will go back for a fourth.
5	2nd visit review.--- decided to give this place a second chance.   I am glad I did!!  Service was 5 starts for sure!  Nathan was our server and he was amazing.  Checked on us frequently and or drinks were always full.   The food was also good...We order the fondue again,  cheese was amazing this time.  Zucchini fritters with aioli were very good.  Burger had good flavor and fries were great.  Lastly the carnitas were also very tasty.   I was hesitant to come here again after my last experience,  but the second time was amazing!  We will come back here again for sure!
2	This may have been the most average burger I have ever had. Came in on a Saturday night at 6 and was seated almost right away. The pretzel fondue was pretty good and we ate all of that. My burger on the other hand was awful, I didn't even finish it. I was surprised considering this is a Fox restaurant and I love their other spots.
5	The food was good and the staff was friendly.  I had the turkey sloppy joe which had possibly the most perfect bun I've ever eaten.  The pepper on top gave it a nice twist and the side salad was yum, not just an afterthought.  I want to come back and try the breads and cheese.
4	We had a great evening out on the patio. We started with the pretzel and cheese fondue. Very good, I wish I could bake such a fine bread, it was really light and tasty. I had the scallops, a bit sandy but that's par for the course, only 4 of them. Pricey, $23, I would of thought 6 for that price. Hubby had the beef short rib stew, he liked it. Guest had fish and chips and she cleaned her plate. Other guest had the chicken stroganoff which looked great. Homemade noodles, he said it needed a bit more sauce. We all split the salted caramel pudding, super sweet but really good. A table over had 3 orders of the ribs and they smelled terrific, I'll order them next time. We were there at 745, we didn't order our entrees until about 845 and by then the prime rib was sold out. That was my first choice, also saw that at other tables and it looked great. Too much time chit chatting! Our waiter was great, he knew we were going to be there for a long time and never rushed us. We hadn't seen these friends in years so it was a great time. 6 beers and 2 ice teas plus entrees and appetizer was $145 plus tip so $175. Not what I want to pay for everyday meals but I'm ok with it. The patio is very comfortable, not too crowded, service was what I wanted, food was good, people watching was fun, I felt very comfortable. Next time we will try indoors and I'll order meat, earlier!
4	Aside from the often reviewed pretzel balls with fondue, which are outstanding, nothing really over delivered. Everything was good...just not OMG good. Service was fair. Getting a table on the patio is a must during this time of year. Will definitely return to sample the steaks. Had a nice local beer selection.
3	The food and service were okay.  I was not WOW'd by my meal (carnitas) although the place has a great reputation.  Good environment.  Big bar area.
5	Great service, decent happy hour, and fantastic salad! I had the chicken tabouleh salad and, although that sounds uneventful, I think it was the best chicken salad I have ever had. The chicken was char-grilled to perfection, and the dressing a perfect match. My waiter was attentive and genuinely polite. Also, the ambiance is hip or what-not, if you're looking for that kind of thing :)From a visitor from out of town, this was a nice welcome meal to Phoenix!
4	Found this place via yelp when we landed and tried the charcuterie. Was excellent! Service was professional and knowledgeable as well. Would come back again.
5	Smoked salmon rillete accidentally delivered to us, we ate it cause we thought it was a free (like chips n salsa) to hold us over. Oopsie, it wasn't.  No biggie, no charge. But man o man. It Was fantastic. My mai tai was so beautifully created too by the young male brown, wavy haired bartender.  Who i must say is outstanding at customer service and well rounded. He will go far in any service business. Wish he worked for my business
4	I have to admit that I only had charcuterie, mussels and cocktails on the patio here.  However, it was still a STRONG showing.  The patio has a great view in downtown near a lot of hotels, the staff was awesome and the only disappointing thing of the night was that they had run out of oysters... oh, tear! The cocktails were also tasty and if I were this butcher... I would be arrogant too.. for good reason!  I would absolutely come back here again and would love to try a main course!
2	Delicious food, appalling service. Waiter got the order wrong and left half of it off with no apologies. Never checked on us, drinks went dry. For such an expensive restaurant (which means huge tip) I expected a lot more. In fact somebody did come over to apologize for the delay on the food, but it wasn't our waiter. He never even acknowledged any of the mistakes! That's too bad, because the food was delicious.
4	Awesome service. Nice vibe. Artichoke Hummus was off the chain. I also recommend the Sweet Potato Torteli.
1	My family and I came into The Arrogant Butcher for my mother's birthday...needless to say we were all very disappointed with the whole experience. We were hoping to be in and out easily with a great lunch, as we've eaten at Culinary Dropout and it has always been good, and we've been here for dinner in the past...we waited thirty minutes for a waiter to order our food, and we'd hoped that even though we had to wait for that it would be downhill from there...unfortunately, it took an entire hour to get our meals, which consisted of simple sandwiches and salads...when the salads did come they didn't even have the right dressing. The drinks were empty most of the time as well. The manager was quite rude when we asked for her, and the waiter never did apologize...the manager also was quick to blame the waiter for the error, which seemed very unprofessional in my opinion. In addition, the cost of the food seemed to FAR exceed the quality...the fact that you can get artisan bread for the cheeses but then a BLT comes on a bun seems a bit silly. Overall, the experience was very lax and not very enjoyable.
4	Had the T-bone steak with grilled veggies and horseradish cream sauce. It was delicious better then the prime rib my bf had. Service was excellent.
4	I was there a few days ago, my girlfriend and I sat at the bar, the bartender was on point, very tentative, and didn't have a problem putting on a hockey game when football was going on. Service was great! Food was great!Will definitely be a repeat customer!
4	This place has a cool and easy vibe, the customer service is top-notch and the menu has a great mix of items. We decided to check this place out for lunch based on all the yummy looking photos on yelp, however, we didn't realize there was a different menu for lunch. Though the lunch menu items looked good, we had our eyes set on the Crab Stuffed Chicken dish on the dinner menu, and our waiter made I happen for us! I'm so glad he went above and beyond to ask the kitchen to accommodate us, because we were not disappointed! The chicken had a crisp breading and was stuffed with just the right amount of crab in the center. The cream sauce with capers was light and tasty, though next time I'd ask for some extra sauce. Also, most restaurants don't have Super Tuscan wines by the glass, especially for $10. Huge plus!
5	The staff was phenomenal! Food was excellent as well! The carnitas were made with perfection. My hubby and I will be returning very soon!
5	Amazing food and service. Loved the hummus plate and chicken tabbouleh salad for lunch. Will come here whenever I'm in Phoenix.
4	I came here for lunch while on a business trip.  They have great food and artfully crafted cocktails.  The decor has a clean industrial quality to it.  They have a great outdoor patio near a plaza that would make a great people watching spot.  The crowd was a blend of business people, families and couples.  I imagine this place is pretty jumping in the evening.  I will definitely come back when I'm in the area again.
5	My wife and I visited for the first time to have appetizers before a company party. Loved it so much we booked dinner reservations for our anniversary. GREAT FOOD
5	Rating this as an "American (new)"/bar-grill sort of place, then definitely 5 stars.Food: well-prepared, and good diversity on the menu without being "and the kitchen sink." I liked that they had rotational items throughout the week, too (I think meatloaf was the night we went) along with chef specials. I went with the night's special of filet with crab, and it was very good.  They even have raw oysters, which were cleaned and prepared very nicely (it's funny, it always seems to me that the fancier seafood-focused places are where they leave them gritty, and places like this place just get them right).Environment:  Cool vibe, energetic, and well-done lighting/decor. Service: Special kudos on this front. The servers seemed to really know their stuff, had thoughtful explanations/recommendations, and were knowledgeable about the food they were serving. It appears that management here cares that their staff know what they're selling/serving, so this shows, and they seemed genuinely interested in our experience.Tip: I'd recommend a reservation, even if you're just reading this and about to walk over from a local hotel. They were fairly busy, and we were a group of five. We had to wait about 15-20 minutes for a table (no problem), but they did ask if we had a reservation when we arrived. But I also don't think it's a problem if you don't have one, just FYI for those that are able.Opportunity for improvement: I really wish they'd list the abv on their beer listings! With more craft brews and focus on IPA-styles, some can start to get high, so it'd be nice to see at a glance to help plan if 2 or 3 is going to be too many for some. Thanks!
2	A barely OK if you ask me.I went there before a Suns game and even on an event day, the service was pretty decent. That's what gives the most stars of my review.The pretzels with dipping cheese were tasteless, the steak was uneventful and the fish and chips that my companion had weren't impressive either.The desert was good, though.The bill wasn't pleasant either. Over $100 for 2 without alcohol. I guess this place really honors its name. Pretty arrogant yet just a butcher. Cheers.
3	I was told by many people that this place was fantastic, a not to be missed experience.  There were four of us dining and we were not impressed.  The food was average, the cost was extravagant.  I would not return.
5	I was relieved it wasn't chaotically busy as I anticipated for a Suns home game. Tried the pretzel & cheese appetizer and the hummus...both very savory! Ordered the filet mignon which was cooked perfectly. What sent me over the edge were the desserts! We shared 3 amongst the group: the peanut butter cup, the salted caramel pudding, and the molten chocolate cake. I couldn't decide which one i loved the most!
5	Stuffed chicken and blueberry cheesecake mason jar. Enough said. This place is absolutely phenomenal.
4	Great food and atmosphere, tap water isn't filtered, so have to get Pellegrino, but I like this place for business lunches or a nice dinner out downtown.
1	Another overpriced place where you pay 14 bucks for a small plate with 7 tiny pieces of meat in which most are too fatty to eat. Great customer service. But overpriced with crap food.
4	Great happy hour and within walking distance of all the sports venues.
4	Very expensive,not up yo its great ratings,best in the city ,it is not!over rated.
4	I like the vibe of the place a lot, it's nice, but relaxed at the same time.  The food was decent, but I liked the setup of the place.  it's good enough to take guests to, and you're also able to have lively conversation at the same time, without worrying that you're being to loud. Tip: Go to Costco and get a gift card; Costco usually has gift cards at a discount, and you can save money that way.
5	I enjoyed a featured cocktail which was well made. I ate there late night, and it wasn't too busy. I particularly enjoyed our waiter, as the service was wonderful. I ordered the sweet potato tortellini with organic prosciutto. It was so buttery and delicious.
4	Delicious. Great service. I reco pretzel roll turkey pastrami.  Decor is great, nice outdoor seating as well.
5	We went for apps before Disney on Ice. The pretzels and zucchini fritters were tasty. The service was great! And the drink menu had a lot of options which is nice.
