5	I know there is a danger in going to restaurants on their first night, but all things considered I think Moira delivered. The red miso soup was incredibly flavorful, and plentiful at $6 for a crock that is easily large enough for 4 or more to share. I snuck a few bites of Christine and Myles' ika sansei squid salad which I enjoyed and would order on a future visit. We ordered several rolls and I found each to be well rolled and the fish fresh. We tried a Fuji, Philly, and Sakura and each one was great. The other rolls ordered at our table looked equally amazing and I cannot wait to try more of their specialty rolls. (That's not to say the "traditional" roll we ordered wasn't good, it was, but they have a lot of really inventive specialty rolls). The specialty rolls are reasonably priced in a range of $10-13. We did order from the hot kitchen (yaki itame) which I thought was just your basic Chinese dish, with basic flavors. With so many sushi options I'm not sure that I would order the hot dishes regularly. One thing that I do think they do well is portions, the speciality rolls, soup, and entrees were all well sized. My husband sampled a karma martini, which he really liked. They serve the martinis out of the shaker table side, which is always a nice touch, but they should think about using smaller shakers because the regular shakers are slightly cumbersome in the tight space and resulted in some inconsistent pours at our table. One of the big hits of the night were their sake bombers- for $9 you get a 22 oz Asahi and mini carafe of sake. Three drinks can easily be made of this. The atmosphere was fun, with blue and red lighting throughout and exposed brick. The space has a warehouse feel to it and executes it well in comparison to other places. There is a large sushi bar, as well as various tables in the long, skinny space. I found it to be somewhat loud, but could easily be cozy on a slower night. Although the chairs look like they may not be comfortable, I loved them! Our service was a little off, but I attribute that to first night jitters. Our party of 8 ordered a lot of sushi and when the rolls arrived they were on one large platter that was difficult for us to share at a long table. This was confounded by the fact that we had to try to figure out what each roll was since our server wasn't sure. (Granted it's the first night and the place was packed, I assume that this will come with time). Even though the service was obviously hectic because of opening night, the owner Linda was more than gracious and was running around making sure everything was running as smoothly as possible and patrons were happy.  I would love to see Moira offer a Happy Hour, I'm not sure if they do but I didn't see any information about it.  I anticipate that you will find us at Moira often! Thank goodness for sushi downtown, now all we need is a tapas place!
2	I'm a yelp FAN-atic and I usually expect the best experience when I'm trying out a yelp reviewed established that has earned a good amount of great reviews. Ok, maybe in this case four reviews was really taking a chance on a new place but I was brave. I live in South Chandler, work in Phoenix, and tend to have most of my fun in CenPho. Honestly I love that downtown has neighborhoods with character, unique shops, and trendy hold up on their own restaurants to boot! Anywho, I went to Moira last night with some expectations, mainly a place for good sushi (to satisfy my sushi craving this week), enjoy a martini or two, and to have an amazing experience (well, amazing has only happened once, and that was FEZ). I went with three other friends, two of whom are sushi lovers and another that enjoys three things at sushi joints and that is, veggie tempura, a california roll or something like that, and an eel roll of sorts. Anywho, from the outside, Moira it looked cool, very urban chic on a quiet street. The hostess was really nice and the layout was how it was described in the other reviews, very modern with the whole urban feel. I don't know but the bar area reminded me like a pei wei setup, and the whole leaning buddha frames seemed out of place. With the ambience in place, I was looking forward to my sushi experience, so we waited at our table, and waited a few more, and waited... to the point of after 15 minutes of not getting any waters or seeing any sign of a server coming up to us, my antsy friends were asking me if I knew any other sushi place we could go to in the area. Oh maybe I should note the time we first sat down, it was 7:25PM. And the restaurant was somewhat busy, a large number of tables were filled, and it was really cold. Finally we were served water of which our server asked out drink orders and appetizers. We got ourselves an order of the calamari and the veggie tempura. then we waited... I have to admit we got our drink orders quite quick, I'd say 15 mins tops followed with our apps. The calamari in my opinion tasted interesting. My friend, S. described it as tasting like kung pao sauce with calamari it was sweet, yet had a little spice with red peppers, some mushrooms, onions. It's not a calamari that I would want to try again but it wasn't bad either. The veggie tempura was basic, some baby corn, yam, the usual in tempura batter, nothing special nothing unique. So let's talk about sushi. S. and I shared three rolls, they were the spicy yellowftail, the jade, and the zu. D. had the geisha and the eel cucumber. We were hungry and after eating our mediocre apps, we waited and waited, ok let's say service was slooooowwwwwww and when you have slow service and hungry sushi craving people, tempers flare and what was supposed to be a great dining experience suddenly becomes a bad one. When your server drops off hamachi yellowtail sashimi on the house because of the long wait, you know service is slow, and when you are told "I'm sorry for the wait but we only have two sushi chefs in the back and alot of orders" you know it's poor prep, and therefore slow service. The hamachi sashimi was good but who serves sashimi without wasabi and sushi without wasabi and ginger? Apparently Moira does. And honestly why would I the customer have to ask a server at a sushi place for wasabi and ginger, I would think that's a basic requirement. So we waited close to 25 odd minutes for my friend D's rolls which were the geisha and the eel cucumber... 10mins later came our first roll the Jade, 10mins later the Zu.... and then my friend A. who ordered Sashimi and Negari, her oder came in 15 mins after. As you can see our orders didn't even come close to each other, so instead of us enjoying our meal together, it was like watching one person eat while the others waited. We finally got our last roll, the spicy yellowtail 20 mins after A.'s order. And got our check at 9:10PM. I enjoy a leisurely dinner when I'm out with friends but something I choose to have and not because a restaurant's poor service is forcing me to have a loooong dinner. Alright sushi not phenonmenol sushi accompanied by a slow inattentive service made my night out at Moira not that great. Servers should attempt to check on their customers every so often, I feel that they seemed shorthanded given it was a Wed. evening but still that is no excuse for slow service. I don't believe I'll come back to Moira again. I just felt shortchanged that something with promise could have turned out for the best but in this instance it marred my sushi night out. it's a thumbs down for Moira.
3	3 stars= A-OKRed miso soup was lukewarm, ehhhh, whateverSalmon nigiri cuts were subpar- no equal veining of fat lines... but still tender!  Though I would have preferred the veining....Toro was excellent!Rolls were good, but the rice was a bit on the dry sideService was excellent, but the sushi did take awhile (I assume this is because of the new-ness of the place)I did LOVE the fact that they had fresh wasabi (extra charge and it was pureed)I did LOVE that they had Vietnamesse iced coffee and sweet green tea!!So yes, I will be back.  Hopefully the sushi chefs will have more experience.  Still a few bugs to be worked out, but the owner was awesome and I have high hopes!
1	Rice was very grainy, fresh wasabi wasn't chopped wasabi and was charged extra for, no uni (not like one should even consider eating uni here), above average prices, all sushi came out at once, rolls with weird looking and tasting vegetables like marinated peppers, and weird tuna tataki roll.Miso soup: There is no seaweed in it.Salmon was ok but nothing spectacular. One of the rolls had lemon on top of the Salmon. For me there's nothing worse to ruin raw salmon than to put lemon on top of it.Toro: Mediocre at best. I've had regular Bluefin that was superior to this over-priced Bluefin Belly (11$ for Nigiri).The Vietnamese Ice coffee, while good and flavorful, was not as good as it is in real Vietnamese restaurants and really doesn't belong on the menu of a Sushi restaurant.
3	There were some really good aspects about this place. I will go back in a year or so to check up on it. The vietnamese coffee that they serve is a wonderful drink for a summer afternoon. The rolls were interesting. Really analyze the ingredients before you order. Some are very lemony, others peppery, and others sweet. The plates were not chilled. The rolls stuck a bit.
2	"Meh" is exactly right for this place. After reading all the 4-5 star reviews on opening night, I was really excited to finally have a sushi place downtown. Needless to say, I was very underwhelmed by the whole experience. Miso soup was sub-par at best. You'll get much better Miso at Hana (7th Ave & Missouri) or Yasu (near PV mall). Miso is my favorite part of the whole sushi experience, and they did just about everything wrong with it. Prices were what you would expect for good sushi, but definitely over-priced for the quality that was served here. Good sushi is about fresh fish, so my husband and I like to ask the chef's for their recommendation for the night. The chef here sent us out toro (it's the fatty part of the tuna, good toro is like biting through butter) which also happened to be the most expensive fish they had. I couldn't even chew through this toro, if this was the freshest fish they had then I am seriously concerned about the quality of their fish. It was like chewing a tough piece of steak and very unpleasant. The chef came out to ask us if we liked the toro, and when we told him it wasn't good he got very offended and insulted us (basically said that it was because we couldn't tell good fish from bad fish). Wait staff was also slow (we were the only people there) and didn't know anything about their menu or sushi. Chairs were uncomfortable (they were wire frames, kinda like shopping carts). Tables were too small (every plate and glass on our table was literally touching everything else b/c there was no room). I could go on and on with the things they did wrong...but I think you get the idea.
2	It hurts me to say this, fue to the fact that I love local businesses in my hood and I fully support them, but here is another restaurant that I wish would have been better...Good news...More restaurants opening in Downtown, more options especially late night options...Bad news...More restaurants opening in Downtown wanting to make a quick buck but does not deliver on food and quality...I came here with a couple of friends really excited to try the only sushi restaurant in DT open for dinner.  There has been some good review on the place and I wanted to give it a chance...I should have gone north to Hana or Yasu!Walking in, I noticed the decor was another warehouse looking restaurant trying to be modern...only thing is , its not.  From the neon lights under bar to the wood paneling to the tin like tables, chairs, and barstools...its been done 30 times over.  I wish it had more character, a little bit more distinctive.  We are in the art district.  I don't want to walk in a restaurant that looks similar to ones that are already open in the same area?  Okay enough with that, the artist in me is rambling again..sorry..back to the "food" review.Food:  The menu to me was a little confusing.  For being a Sushi joint, it had so many other things also, mostly stirfry items.  I decided to stick to what I came here to try, sushi.  I ordered squid salad to start.  I should not have ordered that to start.  The salad was so salty and it was drowning in dressing...bad start...I then ordered some sashimi including saba, sweet shrimp, and of course my favorite toro.  I was a little disappointed that they did not have uni..how can you not have uni! Saba...not bad...Sweet Shrimp....foul tastingToro.....couldn't even bite through itA good sushi joint has to have fresh fish...good sushi needs to be executed by a sushi chef with good knife skills...simple as that..When your fish is not that fresh and your sushi chef fish slicing techniques are not there, you have a losing combo.My friend out of frustration had the head chef make us something...He brought out the geisha roll.Spicy tuna is not my thing but out of courtesy, we did ask him to pick, I tried it..it was ok, again I am not too keen on chopped up tuna, which in this case tasted like it was food processed.  A little too mushy..Drinks:Beers: Been done.  Infused vodkas: Been done Cocktails: Been done.Good Points:  Nice staff, cool Teapots, and clean restroomsAll in all, I guess I was hoping for a sushi joint that was more innovative and creative with equally good skills to execute.  Maybe I am too harsh.  Or maybe I am just saying it how it is...As I left the joint, I felt like I have been to a sushi restaurant like that so many times before...Hopefully they will succeed with less critical customers unlike myself..best of luck!!
2	this place is a bummer.  poor, rude, slow service.  high prices for poor quality food.  it's almost an insult to serve such crap.  i tried to be helpful and make some suggestions for the restaurant since they're new and all, but they took none of it and instead dismissed me as if i was retarded and didn't read their menu!  obviously, the owners and chefs have no idea what REAL japanese food should taste or even look like.  the only redeeming part of the meal was the baked mussels appetizers, which wasn't even "japanese" to begin with.  you're better off going somewhere else.
1	Wow... ate here on 4/17, and was really looking forward to it, but Moira struck out on all fronts when it came to the sushi.  I loved the look of the place when we walked in, and hopes were high, until we started eating.  The service was sub-par, as were the drinks, and then came some of the poorest quality sushi I've ever had... especially when you consider the high prices.  (The Sakura roll - our server's recommendation, turned the stomach with its funky aftertaste).   After reading the initial reviews, did Moira give up after opening night?
2	I don't know if I'm really digging on these hip sushi joints.. I prefer the more 'traditional' places where everyone working the place screams "IRASSHAIIIIIIII" in falsetto when you walk in the door. -The fried tofu was delicious, I think there were chunks of wasabi in it. -I really liked the presentation of the miso, but 1.) it was lukewarm, 2.) the crock was too big for our little table (plus: nowhere to put the lid), 3.) the ladle was as big as the miso spoons themselves (what's the point???) and it kept falling in to the soup as we tried to maneuver the crock around. Points for form, but function...? fail. -The spicy tuna was the most satisfying of the bunch. -The Philly roll was cream cheese overload... more salmon, please! -The Fuji was pleasantly spicy. -The Rainbow Roll was disappointing... whatever it was sitting in (mirin?) was completely overpowering and made the roll a little soggy.
3	The setting was perfect. Decor was very nice. Food presentation was good, but actual preparation was sub par. I will go back to give it another try because it's close to work, but not as good as I expected.
2	Perhaps I was just cranky after my disappointing meal at Sens, but we walked in to Moira thinking it couldn't get much worse. WRONG. What's up with the glow lights under the bar? Lame. What's up with the uncomfortable metal chairs? Double lame.We had already had a few dishes at Sens so we weren't all that hungry and just ordered the tempura shrimp and the jade roll. The menu boasted that the shrimp came sprinkled with shichimi "seven tastes".. Is that the 7 tastes of the oil it was fried in? That's what it tasted like..The jade roll was soft shell crab, avocado and cucumber. Sounds good right? Not when it is served HOT. Who ever heard of a hot sushi roll? So ended the night with two bad experiences at down town restaurants. Triple lame ;(
4	Its funny, every time I mention that I finally made it over to Moira and that I enjoyed it, I get the same reaction - "really?". For some reason this place has gotten a reputation of being overpriced for the portion sizes and just overall - run of the mill.We had a different experience entirely, after waiting a couple of mins for a large party to break up, we were sat and then served quickly. The overall aura was one of fun, with a hint of edginess and modern appeal. So this started breaking away from the reputation as well.The rolls push the envelope for uniqueness and the apps are just plain tasty. If you're in downtown, there's no reason to miss this place, and definitely no reason to travel 20 mins away to some of its competitors. The beer selection is Asian themed, with a chance for me to get a Tiger beer which brought back some memories of my travels across the Pacific.All in all - fun times and fun food.
4	At 8pm on a Friday night, Moira was shockingly quiet, only 4-5 tables filled in the restaurant. it suited us perfectly though. We sat at the sushi bar and were immediately attended to by a waiter and one of the chefs. Definite props on the service, they were attentive and helpful. I was pretty excited to hear they had kona kampachi, so we started with two pieces of the kona, tuna sashimi and a shrimp tempura roll. The roll was fine, the tuna looked great, but it had that slightly chewy fat line in it (I really hate that... so disappointing) but the kona kampachi nigiri was so good we immediately ordered a sashimi plate of it. Really outstanding and generously sized pieces of it too. We followed that up with unagi nigiri which was fantastic.Overall, I thought the sushi was very good - other than the tuna everything was spot-on how it's supposed to be.  I really didn't think the prices were unreasonable (you want some sushi that isn't worth the prices, go to Pure in old town... oy vey), and the portions looked perfect to me. I really really hope that the tuna is better next time I go, though :( Since a few people mentioned the chairs, I'll give you my opinion on them...  Since we were at the sushi bar, we were on barstools. Once I was up on the chair I was very comfortable... it was just the getting up onto it, and off of it, IN A SKIRT, after a sake bomber, that was difficult :) You'll see what I mean if you go!Note: I was disappointed that my usual Kirin was not available, but just had an Asahi instead... they had many asian beers I wasn't familiar with, maybe next time I'll be adventurous and try one of them....
2	okay i have re-visited this place last saturday and was extremely unhappy with the fact that after eating a perfectly made crunch roll (made with real crabmeat) my california roll was rancid. I have to wonder if the server just forgot about it, and left it sitting on the bar for pickup, as it arrived about 20 minutes after our first one. my unhappiness and my the redistribution of stars is much more for the fact that, after asking our server to take it away and replace it with another crunch roll, he returned holding the roll and said "that flavor is because this roll is made with imitaion crabmeat and real crabmeat, so there is a slightly different taste" i explained that it wasn't the flavor, but the taste of rancid old fish. i have to say that in my 15+ years of eating sushi, i have never been re-served rancid rolls. don't they know that because this is the desert, fish has to be flown in to be fresh, and at 11pm at night, when a customer tells you the fish is bad...it  more than likely is. so for all of you servers out there,  when a customer tells you the fish is rancid,  just replace it! i'll give them another chance, but it won't be for california rolls (how funny i normally don't even order them, but wanted to taste the difference from that and my favorite Crunch roll) serves me right for experimenting!---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------1st review of Moira was this one....finally! a place where us late night eaters can go for some delicious and very well prepared sushi in downtown phoenix. i got an email with a note about the newly added happy hour menu (both regular and reverse) and was excited to go try a sampling of the artistic sushi i savored over while reading reviews and sampling experiences, in the local zines. i was surprised that we could arrive at 10:45pm on saturday and the kitchen would still be open with people eating and enjoying a late night rendevous. we sat at the sushi bar, on the most uncomfortable chairs you could ever imagine. the chairs look cool and fashionable, but i still have bruises on my legs from getting in and out of my metal box of a chair. i will never sit at the sushi bar again, so long as they have them chairs (dang one should never say never!) the food was very fresh, colorful and artistic. the presentation and combinations are phenominal. the miso soup was so authentic and filled to the brim with tofu and cost less than $4 for a cup of tofu filled, yummy, light and fresh miso soup, dang you just can't go wrong! (lucky you tofu lovers-i'm not a fan myself so this was actually a negative for me)I had the cucumber salad and must say, i was thrown for a loop with this one.  i'm a cucumber salad (sunomono salad) loving fool if i gots to say so myself. Funny thing, i'm not a fan of raw onions so my first reaction to the cucumber salad was "YUKKIE" (just in my head) until i tasted it. the onions were so thin, that they tasted delicious in the salad. it added another bite to it, which was needed, because the dressing wasn't authentic in half vinegar to half sugar. they may be thinking of the diet craze, because there was much less sugar in it than there should have been, it was slightly vinegary. i was pleased with every roll i had! only brought home 2 pieces out of 3 rolls just for me. my sister played it safe and just ordered one roll, squid salad and miso soup. I have to say her squid salad was deo, but only a few bites for me please. this is definitely a place for all occasions and all sizes of parties, from 1-10 people so utilize happy hour responsibly. get your group on at moira and your friends will love ya for introducing them to the most tasty dishes in town!
4	Finally, a good spot in downtown Phoenix for sushi. Much better than the fast-foodish Ichi Ban on Central near Thomas. Really good decor, and very good quality sushi. Was practically empty today during lunch though. Hopefully business will pick up and this place will be around for a good little while.
3	I liked it. There were some highs, some lows and so we're going to go with a strong "like" of Moira.The location is great - I love this little hub near Turf and Sens (and, conveniently, my good friend's apartment). It takes up the bottom floor of what appears to be residential in the upper floors? I might be wrong, but it's a nice use of space. No lot, so parking is kind of lame now that you gotta pump coins into the meters until 8p. But I just turned south on 3rd St. and parked a little ways down the road for free- no big deal.The service was also great. Our server was friendly, comfortable and on his game. Coming by often (but without hovering or seeming pesky) to clear plates, get more drink orders, refill waters and get orders for party members who trickled in, in ones and twos. He had opinions on the food and drinks and was pretty helpful. At hh, they were plenty of rolls for around $5-$7.The food was OK. I'm not a sushi person, so it appeared about the same as anything I've seen or tasted from Ra, to be honest. But others at the table had criticisms about what was possibly imitation crab in the Vegas Roll, and other shrug-able bites. Oh, I was intrigued by their edamame shui mai, crispy little balls filled with white fish and soy beans and that come out skewered on stick, and well presented/arranged in bowl. Simple enough to grab a stick and pass the bowl along to share. Cool and uniqueDrinks - we were here on hh and I didn't even crack the regular menu, but decent hh specials for the atmosphere and cool-factor. I had an Asahi bomber for $7 and a specialty drink, the Sun Kiss for $6. There were also wine and beer options on the hh menu, but it was select list a drinks, not a catch-all $1 or $2 off deal. The space is modern chic ... and a bit like every other new cool restaurant in that way. But I like the long sushi bar and about 10 other tables for parties of two and up to six. Lots of picture windows that look out on the street and would be a good spot to perch on First Friday. Bathrooms are well done (I love swanky bathrooms!). Ah, my one gripe - we were there for about 1.5-2 hours and they had the Portishead cd on repeat. What, am I at the Roosevelt? What is with downtown hot spots 1. playing Portishead and 2. playing it over and over all night??
4	I love this place. The vibe is right, and coming here for happy hour (or better yet reverse happy hour on the weekend) is recommended! I really loved the veggie roll, which came with mini lotus roots, that I loved of course. Also, the lychee infused vodka drink was amazing and strong. Lovely. Angie C. and I also enjoyed the fried tofu, which had zucchini and other surprises actually inside the blocks of tofu. We will be back, it's a great location downtown, and the area is usually nice and quite.Places like this are essential if Phoenix wants to be taken seriously, and I think Phoenix does.
4	Happy Hour at Moira,  M-Th 5p-7p Fri 10p-close! Sat 9p-Close. This place shows those fufu places what a Japanese restaurant should stand for.  I loved the atmosphere.  As for the lights under the bar, well it looks good for the bar area, everywhere else has a warm modern Japanese style. Music was very nice and not extremely loud.  I had the Hamachi and the dragon roll. The dragon roll was amazing, a defiant suggestion.  I'm glad to add to the upward star rating this place shows definite improvement.Go enjoy
4	We saw this place walking one night from Breadfruit to The Roosevelt.  Based on the reviews here, we didn't know what to expect.  Even the hostess was surprised when we told her we read the Yelp reviews before our visit.  What a fun place!  We went about 6pm on weekday and there was plenty of happy hour left for us.  And great prices too.  We had a Volcano & Vegas rolls which we really liked.  Then we tried the edamame shui mai.  If you go, please try these as you won't be disappointed.  The dipping sauce was sesame / mango.  We also had the Orange Blossom, Sun Kiss and 22oz Asahi bomber.  No way can you beat the happy hour prices for this sushi.We enjoyed our table.  The metal chairs reminded me of the long forgotten Miracle Mile Deli.  Great energy in this place.  Can't wait to visit to try more of the menu.
5	I really like this place! the sushi is yummy and the staff is super nice and on time!  the happy hour is the best price in town for good sushi.  I always sit at the sushi bar! ohh and the music is good too!
5	I'm feeling mighty generous because last night was the second time we've been to Moira and they remembered us. Le sigh...So, their reverse happy hour on Friday starts at 10:30 p.m.! Who in their right mind is up that late? Well, I guess it was us, last night. Pretty solid specials; but their regular menu is rather nice, too. The sake bombers are tops, although I'd like it to be served in a larger glass. Wait, what's that? You get buzzed faster with a the smaller glass?? You don't say. Nevermind; scratch that.The sushi is good, but I'm up for sushi pretty much any time. While it's not the best in the world, it's leaps and bounds from the worst. Doesn't really sound like a compliment when it's put that way, but seriously, Moira is good, 4-star sushi for downtown Phoenix.Factor in the Asian Mario Lopez and you have a 5-star deal. :swoon:
4	Finally, a good sushi restaurant in downtown Phoenix with a cool atmosphere.  The decor is cool, without trying too hard.  The music was awesome - Thievery Corporation, Midwest Product, etc.  However, most importantly, the sushi was fresh, tasty, and artfully displayed (I love when they give the Caterpillar roll little eyes).  My only complaint was speed of service.  I went for lunch and took a little too long for the rolls to come out.    I am so excited to have such a cool place in my neighborhood!
3	First time at Moira last night.  I normally don't go for sushi, but it was my boyfriend's birthday and he was in the mood for sushi.  I think that the decor of the place is decent.  The LED lights under the bar are a little weird, but unless you look directly at them not really that noticeable.  The chairs are uncomfortable.  No matter how you shift, one of the bars of the metal grate that forms the chairs digs in to your flesh.  The service was ok.  The server was very nice, but everything took FOREVER even though it was fairly empty.  They also forgot to bring my food with everyone else's (actually, forgot to make it) - cut to me eating my food after everyone was done.  I will say that they tried to make sure we enjoyed the experience - we didn't really like the shochu infusion (sugar cane) they brought, so they swapped it out for us and brought a cocktail, the Tokyo Glow, which was actually pretty delicious.  The food is what saved the restaurant from a lower rating for me.  I don't really like sushi, so I can't comment on the sushi.  But the plate that I ordered from hot kitchen, the pho crunch, was absolutely delicious.  I would go back just to eat it again.  I may re-review the restaurant in the future, as the service issues were not attitude issues, just mistakes that could have been the result of an off night.
4	quite a little charming place, this moira sushi....dead empty when we went in for happy hour the other night, but this place wasn't built to hold large amounts of people. MAYBE 50 at most. nice sushi bar area and tables to look out the window. happy hour menu is quite large and well priced. most sushi is 5 or 6 bucks for 6 rolls. a few drinks/japanese beers on special. most of the beers i'd never heard of so i asked our server, gordon, what he'd recommend as i'm a huge fan of newcastle. he suggested i try the brazilian black beer xingu. my girlfriend ordered some fruity vodka drink, which she really enjoyed. my beer arrived with a frosty glass and it was delicious. not as smooth as newcastle, more like a gordon biersch marzen, but better. as for entrees, we went with the rock shrimp, spicy yellow tail, and volcano rolls. edamame and cucumber salad for starting. both apps were right on. not spectacular but good. the rock shrimp was crispy shrimp with some sort of sweet and sour sauce, it was pretty good but not a roll...the wasabi was so soft and fresh i could taste it before it even hit my tongue. the spicy yellowtail was delicious and fresh. my favorite though was the volcano, with crab meat and some sort of crispy outter shell and volcano sauce on top. good sushi, i'm excited to come back and try more rolls.the music they were playing during our dinner was badass. very hip and trendy place and i could see it being an amazing date spot if they had more business. excellent service from gordon. i'll definitely be back.
5	Four stars for the sushi, with an extra star for the location.Moira is on the ground floor of a condo development in downtown Phoenix, easily walkable from other restaurants such as Pasta Bar and Roosevelt, and that itself is saying a lot.  A modern sushi place located in a condo building in downtown Phoenix speaks a great deal to the development of downtown, and I give kudos and an extra star to the owners of Moira for opening where they did.That all said, Moira is an excellent on the sushi point too.  I had a Philly roll that had just the right combination of salmon and cream cheese (not too much cream cheese), a caterpillar roll with a great balance of color and flavor (and decorated, cutely, as a caterpillar) and a couple of nigiri with a very flavorful yellowtail and mackerel with an interesting sauce that complimented the fish.  I am hoping that this will soon transform from a place that you go to because you are downtown to a place people will go downtown for.  And it may - because it is quite good.  Well worth seeking out.
4	I've been on a bit sushi kick lately, after finding that Hana didn't live up to the hype. I was a tad skeptical of the better reviews of Moira, but decided to give it a try, especially since it's in one of my favorite mixed use buildings in downtown Phoenix.  And  I'm glad I did.  From the decor, to the service and most importantly, the quality of the food Moira is a great addition to the downtown scene.  Hana may be a bit more 'traditional' in its approach to sushi, but it holds nothing on Moira in terms of freshness, quality or creativity. While it isn't the best sushi that I've ever had (need to travel to Vancouver for that) it is the best I've had in Phoenix.   Fresh products prepared with attention and creativity.  The tempura is great, light batted and cooked to let the vegetables stand out, and reflects what is being done in Vancouver, Tokyo, NYC, Hong Kong and other sushi mecca's. Also they have a nice beer selection, including a few from Japanese micro-brewery Hitachino Nest, which makes for a refreshing change from the (Budweser equivalent) Sapparo and Asahi that most Japanese restaurants serve. A bit of advice for those contemplating ordering sashimi or nigri -- always ask the sushi chef (and not the wait staff) what they recommend that evening -- sushi restaurants are at the mercy of their suppliers in terms of the quality of the daily deliveries,  and the toro that tasted divine last week, may not make the 'cut' this week.
4	We accidentally went to this place, but I thought it meant to be.The interior was nice and modern.  Fish were fresh.Some of their sushi rolls were innovative!We'll definitely go back, again.  Very soon.
3	I arrived shortly after 5pm...happy hour is 5-7 Monday thru Thursday...being the only guest I have my choice of seating and picked a table for two by the window so I could watch my car (I was not certain if I was required to feed the meter after 5pm).  While I sat and watched my car with expired plates parked at an expired parking meter, 3 police officers walked in...When they were seated and I was comfortable that they were there to eat and not to arrest me, I ordered Thai tea and a Vegas roll...both were only average.  The tea was not orange in color or sweet as expected but rather chocolate in both color and taste.  Still hungry and feeling a bit adventurous, I asked Laura, my server, for her recommendation.  The Soy Maki roll was delicious! Tempura, avocado and cream cheese along with other mystery ingredients in a soy paper wrap. I will most certainly order it again as I anticipate coming back soon.  The bill was a total of $15.00 and when I left about 6pm the restaurant was over half full.
5	I hate to write a review of a place on the day it gets ROTD, but why not? I'll bask in your glory, Kristin S. Moira is hot. Like, super sexy. This is the kind of place you take a date to seal the deal. Sexy decor, sexy lights, sexy sushi chefs (if that's what they are called?), sexy bathrooms, sexy metal bead things that lead to the bathrooms, sexy music. Being a vegetarian I always get the same thing at every sushi place I visit, so I can spot a good veggie roll when I see one. It's easy to tell that the quality of ingredients are above average and super tasty. They have a delish white ale. The HH is awesome and prices in general are fabulous.Words to the single ladies out there, hit up Moira when you are looking for some sexy. Sushi is way less complicated than a man!
5	I was very pleasantly surprised with this place. I'm not from Phoenix and after looking very hard for somewhere fun, good and non-Mexican to go to, my friends and I finally found this cool spot. On top of being super cute, the food was very good and the drinks were (as our waiter called them) liquid deliciousness! It is too bad I don't live in Phoenix because I would definitely be a regular at this place. If you're going here for the first time you have to try their cucumber drink (I'm not sure of the name of it but it was something like chu-cumber). Its got muddled cucumber and some oriental alcohol but the harmonious balance between the cucumber, ginger and alcohol is perfect. All drinks are $9 or $10 bucks so getting drunk here can get pretty expensive.
3	The atmosphere was pleasant.  The selection was good.  The tuna and salmon nigiri wasnt the best I have tasted.  It just seemed a bit unfresh.  The service was good.  I probably wouldnt go back anytime soon because its would be a long drive from Surprise but if I was in the neighborhood I may drop by.
3	I'd happily eat there again if hungry and in the neighborhood, but I can't say I'd make a special trip.  Mostly the basics here, typical rolls and sushi selection with nothing out of the ordinary (I'm thinking you're out of luck if you are hankering fro monk fish liver).  We ordered a yellow tail hand roll and asked of they could do it with scallions...nope, they don't have scallions (isn't yellow tail & scallions common?).  They did happily prepare a salmon skin hand roll for us even though it is not on the menu on the menu.  Despite the odd construction (all the rice in the bottom and all the salmon skin on top like ice cream in a cone), once I figured out I needed to redistribute the ingredients, it was quite tasty.  The soft shell crab roll was on happy hour special and a simple bit of tasty goodness.  The salmon sashimi was ok - the fish was fresh, but didn't have the melt-like-butter quality of some of the top notch places.Service was pleasant, and the atmosphere is urban with a bit of funk thrown in.  The floor to ceiling windows face north, allowing abundant natural light without overpowering the place.
3	At the end of a very busy First Friday when you are hungry and the Roosevelt is packed, Moira is a great place to grab a few drinks and a late night snack.  It was busy but there was room at the sushi bar so we nestled in to a couple seats and glanced over the menu.  I wasn't in the mood for sushi and my friend is a vegetarian so we ended up with some edamame and fried tofu.  The fried tofu was really good actually.  Not your typical plain fried tofu cubes, nope this was stuffed with carrots and soy beans then served with a delicious plum sauce.  A little spicy but not too much and really the perfect night cap.  We sipped on our reverse happy hour beverages and enjoyed the quaint atmosphere and pleasant wait staff.  The reason it only gets three stars is because I can't see myself eating at Moira unless it is happy hour.  The prices are a little high otherwise if you ask me, and if I am going to pay a lot for sushi it has to be top notch.  I'm also not a big fan of $10 specialty drinks, I'd rather stay home and drink for a lot less.  And this may be silly but the bar stools are not comfortable so staying for a long period of time is out for me.  All in all Moira is decent and I'm sure I will go back because it is close to home but I can't see myself becoming a regular.
5	Moria Sushi is just a two block walk down the street for me so it couldn't get any easier for me to get to but I'd drive quite a distance to enjoy their excellent food, warm reception & service and contemporary decor.
4	How did I miss this? I'm the chick that bitches endlessly about the lack of sushi in the downtown/midtown area. Seriously, how.... in the hell.....did I miss this?? Anyway, I love this place. The sushi was fantastic (in my opinion) but then again I'm not some self important sushi snob, so take that for what it's worth. Everything tasted fresh and the service was great. The only complaint I have is the chairs..... who's brilliant idea were those horrible wire chairs. My bony ass was not happy after sitting there for an hour and a half. Whatever, I found a new date spot. The bf was as impressed as I was and since we live so close I'm sure Moira will be in regular rotation.Screw you Zen
2	"Meh, I've experienced better" fits this place to a T.On the bright side, it was cheap.  Happy hour specials are inexpensive, and you can do dinner and drinks for four for $60 or so.  The decor is warm, inviting and open, and it's exactly what downtown needed--a hip sushi place.  The staff's been really friendly on my two visits there.That being said, the fish is decent and the rolls are mediocre-to-terrible.  I've gone twice needing a sushi fix and left not feeling satisfied.  And I've tried about half the rolls on the menu--from the uncomplicated California to the Vegas and Spider to a Volcano and some other stuff.  Most rolls were warm instead of the crisp cool I'm used to, and the flavors weren't distinctive.  I expect something in every sushi roll to give that roll a "pop" and it just doesn't happen at Moira--you feel like you're eating a warm Cuisinart mush-roll.All four people at my table reached the same conclusion independently, and it wasn't groupthink, I swear.I know this is a harsh review, but I'd like the see the place succeed.  For that to happen, they're going to have to either take more care with their ingredients and presentation or hire someone who REALLY knows their stuff.  I think I'll wait a few months for them to get it together before going back--rather not drive out of downtown for sushi but going to have to if I want my sushi itch properly scratched.
4	I came here Friday night for a date, and my impression of this restaurant may be a little skewed because I was at Roosevelt pregaming with a girlfriend for this little shindig.  Suffice to say, I may have been a little drunk.  But I was still sober enough to remember how amazing the sushi was.I didn't get to sample much of the menu because the date wasn't that hungry and only wanted two sushi rolls (If there was a rating for dates, this one is slowly getting knocked down).  I started off with a cocktail (Kiss me and like me, I think), which was good, but the bartender forgot to strain the pulp and seeds from the orange.For dinner we got a roll with tofu, asparagus, and cucumber, and another one with tuna, cream chz, and a light tempura batter.  These rolls were delicious!  The veggie roll was refreshing, and a nice contrast to the savoriness of the tuna roll.  I wish I was with a eating champion, so that we could have tried more rolls.  While I will not be back here with the date anytime soon (f-ing BoSox fan), I will definitely come back to Moira for some tasty sushi.
4	I feel that I should update my review since its been some time since opening night and I have been back many times. I think my initial 5 star rating was due to a combination of what I call the "Pizzeria Bianco Effect" (where you have been waiting for so long while drinking wine that anything tastes good) and the fact that I was overjoyed that there was now a sushi restaurant within walking distance of my place. If you are driving downtown for sushi, and you live somewhere in Phoenix with a neighborhood sushi restaurant, there is a good chance you will probably be disappointed in Moira. Do I think it's the greatest sushi I have ever had? No. But it is my neighborhood sushi place, the only one in fact. I waited a year for it and it fulfills its purpose in my life. My preferred way to experience Moira is for their Happy Hour or Reverse Happy Hour. I think this is where you get the best value for your money. You do have to choose your rolls carefully, as not all of the HH rolls are good. The white blossom roll is fantastic and I have often contemplated ordering 2 of them. There are a few of their specialty rolls available for HH, as well as some of the standard rolls. One thing that I do not like is that they use what appears to be imitation crab meat in some rolls. I do wish that they had more wine options for HH but the inexpensive sushi makes me feel better about ordering full price wine.
4	My fiancee and I found this place on-line when we were looking fot sushi in the Central Phoenix area. Neither of us had heard of it but we decided to give it a go. We got there around 8:30 and the place was kindof empty so we were a little nervous. We walked in and were seated at a table by the window. We were seated with dinner menus but not a sushi menu. Ther server said they only give those out at the sushi bar. I thought that was a little wierd but the server was nice and the decor was hip and modern (it was metrosexual according to my fiancee) so we went with it. We ordered lots and lots of sushi - ika salad, hamachi sashimi ($9), spicy tuna roll ($7), shrimp tempura roll ($7), and the sunshine roll ($11) (spicy salmon with lemon on top). We could not complain about anything! It was all very very good. It tasted fresh, yummy, and hit the spot. The total bill was $47.00 which sounded about right considering how much food we ordered! We liked the decor, the service, and the food. I noticed they had a lunch menu so I will be taking my co-workers back with me next time!
2	After my third visit to Moira, I decided it was time for a review. First, the good. The location right in the heart of CenPho is perfect. The venue appropriately decorated. The vibe is eclectic. Now for the not so good.Each time I've dined there, dishes other than sushi were quite tasty, however their sushi really could use some work. When the name of your establishment contains the product you sell, you need to deliver on that one product above anything else. Moira fails to deliver in this critical area. To put into perspective, it is not that their sushi is bad, it is just mediocre and on par with Ra. So just in the same way that Ra is not necessarily bad, neither is Moira. But the expectation as a diner of a locally owned, unique restaurant, is that the experience would be better than a chain restaurant like Ra.The first two times I dined at Moira, the service was acceptable, yet the third time was not. This was in spite of notifying Moira ahead of time that we would consist of a large dinner party of 12+ people. The night we dined, I saw all of two servers for the entire restaurant. It was not until later that a third server came on duty, but by then it was too late. For a dinner party as large as ours was, we really needed a dedicated server.
2	I am sad to write this review.  We tried this restaurant twice - it's right down the street from one of my favorite dining spots, so we thought we should give it a shot.  We sat at the bar.  It was nice, but the folks at the bar don't take your order, only the wait staff does.  That's too bad because they were terribly kind but somewhat slow and really didn't seem to care that I didn't have a drink (I was late, so my companion had one) or that our plates were piling up while we were eating, or that we didn't get water....the service is one of the reasons we sit at the bar!  The bar was comfortable enough, but the chairs aren't really easy to "nudge" when you need to scoot in - and I am 6' tall and I can't reach the floor to pull myself in the right way - the chairs just stick in place and it's an odd complaint, but it's mine! :-)  I like to cross my legs, so I need to be able to pull the chair out to drink, in to eat, and back out to drink, and in to eat if we are eating in phases - like we do at a sushi bar.The first visit we were delighted with most of the dishes - especially the hot dishes - they were delicious.  The second time we were disappointed in more dishes than we were happy with.  The rice was dry and fell apart, the seaweed was dry and super chewy!  I promise to go back one more time in a few months ...
2	Oh god, what a frickin rip off for some really bland sushi.  The plum ice cream was excellent, but other than that, I will never return to this place.  Cant stand this type of "ambience" either.  Neon blue lights on brick is not my idea of a cool dining room.   Crappy techno in the background too.  Oof, screw this place.   If I'm paying 8 dollars a piece for 2 small pieces of sushi, they better blow my face off.   And they didnt even come close.  Two stars because the ice cream was awesome.
5	I am surprised by the mixed reviews here. I adore Moira. I'm always happy with the music, the service, and especially the food. I love that on a friday or saturday night on foot downtown, I can stop for some yummy food pre-dancing or post adventuring. I've been slowly but surely sampling all of the rolls they have for happy hour. The kani crunch is delicious, as is the white blossom and fried tofu and just about everything else I've tried. The seaweed salad is what dreams are made of. The drinks are good, too. I really enjoy the lychee one and the orange blossom. We always have Heather as our server and she's terrific!
1	Hands down one of the worst sushi experiences I've had in Phoenix. Let me first start by saying that I am a moderately adventurous sushi eater so my palette extends far beyond the california-roll crowd.I know it's the holidays but at 11:30 for lunch you could hear the crickets.  The staff were lackluster and it seemed that only the sunlight coming from the windows was necessary to light the place. It had an "almost closing" feel.  We ordered the spicy tuna roll and two signature-rolls.  The spicy Tuna was quite hot, perhaps to mask the fishy taste of their product.  The Aoki roll was virtually inedible, the snow crab so fishy it seemed to literally be dying on the plate.  The Geisha was for me, the only roll fairly enjoyed.  We had two boxes of left overs which literally became a doggie bag as I served them to Harley and Cleo when I returned home.Time and again I am disappointed with Phoenix Sushi places, finding them mostly pretentious and over rated....save one.  Hana.  For my money, this is hands down the freshest sushi and the liveliest staff in town.  Consistently great.  If you haven't tried the sushi carpaccio you are in for something special.I really wanted to like Moira, as I am a CenPho junkie.  I won't return though and literally shudder when I think of that crab.  Bleh.
4	Scale of 1-10 (single visit):8 Food8 *DRINKS*9 Service9 Atmosphere7 ValueIt seems like the reviews for here are kinda schizo; well I really liked it.  The atmosphere is fun and kind of sci-fi modern - i liked the chairs  :)The service (Jenn i think?) was friendly and on point, i enjoyed the unique drinks (Kiss & Tell was fun and orangey, Gin Press was stiff and the flavors were well balanced), and the food was good - just a bit pricey.I wasn't super hungry so i just got one roll and tried some seaweed salad, but I'm looking forward to trying the kareh raisu hot dish next time.
4	I love that I can walk to this place from my apartment.I also love the yummy (but very pricey) drinks. And I love the ambience.In my four visits, the sushi has been exceptional (twice), good (once), and bad (once).I would highly recommend any of their spicy rolls, particularly the Spicy Hana. And if you're looking to save a buck, their reverse happy hour is killer.Work on the consistency and I'll give you 5 stars.
4	I really liked Moira sushi, it was a nice change from the places i usually frequent for sushi. I thought the food was good - my spicy tuna was delicious. The drinks were also interesting and unique, which always makes it fun to try something new. The gin press was a little too strong for my taste but the Kiss and Tell was really good. Also the place itself had great atmosphere, the lighting and the decor made it  modern and cool. I wish the place was busier- for a Saturday night it was pretty empty, and I hope more people go downtown more - there are some awesome places just waiting to be found. Moira is one of them.
4	First off you must consume enough sake and beer to warrant a visit to the restroom. That way you can pass through the sexy, cold, metal chains dangling in the hallway door. Reminded me of the beads I had in my bedroom in 5th grade. Yep. Beads. Don't judge. It was the 70s you know!? And the restrooms themselves were fabulous as well. But this isn't a site on reviewing johns so let's get to the good stuff. Immediate greeting. Quick seating. And minutes later...lots of EATING! The gyoza was orgasmic. Thin, crunchy with shrimp and veggies! The mussel appetizer was good, not great, but creamy and hot. Reminds me of Taylor Lautner...muscles, creamy...well you get the picture. We dove into the sushi; tuna, yellowtail, freshwater eel...you know, the standards. All delicious...yellowtail being the best. The rolls, though I don't remember any names were all very good. One in particular was made with soy paper? Is that right? Soy paper? It was a nice break from the seaweed. Soy paper? We spent about $50 a person...worth every penny. The vibe inside on a Monday night was pretty happening I must say. Sexy lighting and great tables along the window. Our server, complete with a big poofy mohawk was fantastic! Wasn't crazy about the chairs. What? Did they recycle some shopping carts?Moira! I want moira you!
5	I had the privilege of dinning at Moira Sushi in central Phoenix on my birthday thanks to my friend Q. I must admit that I seldom venture outside of my norm due to distance, but this was well worth the drive. Everyone from our party really enjoyed themselves along with the Sake Bombers and the food. Our waitress was prompt and very friendly. The setting was fantastic I really liked the layout. Moira is definitely a place I will return to. Thanks for making that night a great one Linda & Q!For some reason I didn't snap any pictures of the food, but the next time I promise I will.
5	ika sansai, sunshine or rising sun roll.for hot stuff, firecracker (chicken) or kareh raisu (beef) are both delish.& always a gin press or two or three...
4	Stopped in at Moira before a show at the Dodge Theater on a Friday night. The restaurant is on a quiet strip of McKinley. Decor was nice and clean. Chairs looked like recycled shopping carts. Weren't really that comfortable. But coming from a man with no ass, take that tidbit with a grain of salt. The drink menu was pleasant with plenty of handcrafted cocktails, including one whole page of drinks made with cucumber. They also sport delicious Asian beers and an array of China Mist Bottled Iced Tea. The food was pretty good. My date and I shared a selection of one of their house signature rolls, a "Sakura" which is unagi, snow crab, maguro, avocado rolled in soy paper. Also had the daily special which was a delicious roll of crab, cucumber, avocado, topped with seared beef and a spiced mayo. We threw in some Yellowtail Nigiri and a spider roll to round it out. The food was delicious and approachable It was visually appealing as well. Service was pleasant and quick to clear the small plates out of the way that sometimes clutter a table. I'd recommend this place to all in the downtown area. A pleasant surprise.
4	My latest neighborhood find. I am a fan due to location and ambiance, although a little loud (the music is loud and you have to yell over it to talk, and so does everyone else) and slightly darker than I like to truly see what I am eating. As for the food, it's not the best I have had but the quality was there. On this visit I decided to try a few items to get a good idea of overall quality. I had the following: geisha roll, which has ahi tataki, cucumber, lotus root, cream cheese, and red bell peppers osuimono, a soup with ebi & japanese cucumber, snow peas, carrots w/ ginger in clear broth maguro (tuna) nigiri The roll was tasty and just the right size for enjoying in one large yet manageable bite. (I am not a fan of large ricey fat rolls that take 2-3 bites to eat civilly). The soup came in a cast-iron pot with enough for one person to make a nice meal out of or could be split among 3-4 as a starter. I loved the vegetables I was expecting a little more from the broth, which was as simple as the standard vietnamese pho broth, and as a result I started craving the little plate of lime, cilantro and maybe some hoisin. I would have liked to have tasted more ginger in the broth. The nigiri had nice fresh tuna and didn't disappoint. I did have some take home left overs perfect for brunch the next day. I do have a few nit picky things to add, the chairs at the sushi bar, as described accurately by one reviewer as revamped grocery carts, I found them to be awkward to get into and out of. I am just over 5' and I have to take a running leap into the typical bar stool anyway but these were different, getting out of them was more challenging than normal. Once in place I was ok (I have plenty of booty to make up for the lack of a cushion...lol). Again the volume in the restaurant was more than I like. Although I enjoyed the hip music selection. I will go again, most likely for happy hour or the reverse happy hour I hear (read) about. I would also like to try many of the unique cocktails on the drink menu.
5	WOW! So good! I wish I lived closer! I ate at Moira last week with my boyfriend, he had the biggest smile on his face. We will be back soon.
4	In town for business and discovered this little gem of a sushi place downtown. Great sushi, and Tony, the owner prepared some really great dishes for us! They could have used at least one more wait staff person last night as our server was overworked, although remained very friendly! I would definitely go back next time I am here, which will be next month!
4	Ate her for Wrestlemania weekend, very good happy hours deals, glad that I chose this place bc a wrestler was in there at the time eating w/his wife! Great sushi, great prices, would highly recommend and go back when I'm in Phoenix!! It's hidden away off Central Ave as well!
4	2 visits and both times a really good dinner. the food is really good. i don't eat fish, it's a personal belief. but i enjoy the hot kitchen here. the yaki soba is by the my favorite thing. i've ordered it with Steak and with Tofu and both times it was awesome. plus its like a 2 minute walk from my apartment. i'm surprised i don't eat here more. i promise next time to explore the menu more.
4	I was pleasantly surprised when my coworkers and I decided to eat here dinner here on a Friday night.  The decor is usual for an asian/sushi joint.  The price wasn't bad for good sushi.  I think our bill came to $180 for four people who ate a lot of food and drinks.  Our waiter was pretty flamboyant and we loved him.  He was pretty good about suggesting things and steering us away from things he thought we wouldn't like.  I ended up getting the Sunshine (which was AMAZING), Kamikaze and  Kakuna - all were very good with fresh ingredients.  They were good portion sizes (I didn't actually finish all of my 3rd roll) to fit each piece into your mouth without feeling like your choking on sushi :)  I will definitely come here again next time I'm in Phoenix.
4	I was hesitant to visit Moira after mixed reviews and a friend that got sick on a recent visit... but I had two hours to kill and a craving for fish and so here I ended up. I also ended up going back for dinner the very next day.I liked Moira after I had we had a chance to warm up to each other and get over the awkward first meeting where I expected the door to go the other direction... wayfinding people.. I'm telling you.. even buildings could benefit from great user experience design.My service both times has been the pace I needed - the first time it was slow so I could just relax, enjoy the atmosphere, and not get to my next meeting too early. The second I had like a half hour and our server was once again on top of the ball and got us out and to the Herberger in just the right amount of time.The sushi... delicious. I've had a few different rolls and some nigiri as well. The only one I didn't really care for was the yellowtail. My favorite was the ebi nigiri. :) The scallop appetizer was delicious, and Moira gets their spicy rating right. The thai chili on top was just that. Given the choice, I will probably choose the bar over a table as it seems they just stuff people in the back of the place and move their way forward, and I wasn't really digging that. I loved the bar and talking with the chefs while I was eating. While sitting at the bar the first time, I even got to watch a lemon juggling act while eating my mochi.. which was DELICIOUS btw. I don't live nearby... yet... but with pretty decent prices, this will be my sushi stop when I hit the craving while downtown.Bonus was the server gave me mad props on my phone wallpaper which is rambo shooting weapons while on a unicorn. I like his style!
5	This is my favorite restaurant!  I'm in this place weekly!  The staff is terrific, the food amazing, the place is beautiful and...it's downtown!  Try Xingu beer and Sakura roll.  This has been my favorite dinner for a year now but I'm finally venturing out and trying some of their other rolls.  Everything is fresh and wonderful and if you order from the happy hour menu you won't break the bank!
3	I ate there once last week and once last nightThe service is friendly, the music is uber trendy and gets a little old, the cooks are professional yet easy going and even came over to chat during our dinner meal. Lunch menu was good, moderate price for the meal. You are served soup, salad, Nigiri, and I believe Maki. Miso was fairly good that day. Seaweed salad was flavorful but a little moist for my tastes. And I am not a good judge of sushi because I lived in Japan and everything else is just not as good! Ha. But I ordered the Tuna Nigiri, and it was delicate with a soft flavor. Pretty good. And I always order something with Unagi because I love love love eel! The eel was very flavorful! I wish I could remember exactly what I ordered but it was all fairly good.Dinner menu was a bit overpriced. The Miso, that day, was really not very tasty. Far too much salt, actually kind of tasted like salty chicken broth. No hint of dashi or bonito and I was not impressed. Edamame was well cooked and not over salted. I ordered the yellow tail and my friend ordered the seared ahi. Not all that impressed with the yellow tail, but the seared ahi was by far the best thing we ate that night, seared just right seasoned with french onions in the rice with just a dab of soy sauce was perfection! He ordered dragon roll (it actually looked like a dragon) and again the eel was very tasty but not the best even here in Phoenix. I ordered the spicy hana, it seems that individually each part of the roll was well flavored but for some reason it didn't come together well. the shrimp tempura as light and well seasoned, the eel was yummo, but there was far too much cream cheese in the roll and instead of complimenting the spice, it kind of overpowered the roll. I ordered a cucumber cocktail with dinner, there isn't much on the drink menu sans vodka (of which I am not a fan), but this one had raspberry sake and was sweet and subtle! Seems this restaurant is more about the flash than the food. I will go back based simply on location and  courtesy of the staff, only bearing in mind that the food will be hit or miss.
4	Had heard about this place, ish, and my huz thought we should give it a try.  VERY TASTY!  And the fact that it was happy hour made it THAT much better.  Parking was right out front.  Granted, the meters were not working, it was still pretty convenient.  It was early enough that there was maybe 15 people in the restaurant.  Which is fine with me.  We mostly had rolls, AND a sake bomber each.  Both of which were excellent.  Service was great.  Would DEFF go back for a 2nd and 3rd time.  SO glad there's a sushi place nearby (we're in Laveen now) that takes maybe 15 mins to get to.I recommend!
5	love it. good, fresh sushi, volcano roll was the best of our choices that night.  happy hour pricing was a plus.  definitely go back again!
2	If you didn't tell me this place was not RA sushi I probably wouldn't know the difference.  Moira Sushi is located in Central PHX and not a lot of my friends know about this place.  I thought I stop by to check it out.  The ambience is pretty hip and cool, but besides that the food is okay.  What I do appreciate is they have beer from different Asian countries which is a plus.  Service was good nothing to complain about but nothing to be amazed either.  If you feel thirsty and need to just chill - stop by  for a while.  Enjoy!
4	I found myself with a couple hours of free time, during my work day. So I wandered out for a little walk -- even though it was 106 out. After 20 minutes of strolling and sweating, I found myself in front of Moira Sushi, just opening for lunch, as if it were meant to be. After some welcome air-conditioning and ice water, I ordered up some seaweed salad, hamachi, and just for kicks, the quail eggs. All were delicious, refreshing, served with a smile, and for reasonable prices.It's so nice to know that a great lunch can be had so close to work. While my colleagues are grazing on their bland $5 footlongs, I'll be noshing on some tasty goodies from the sea!
5	Moira Sushi is an awesome sushi bar with excellent food, ambiance, and happy hour. My only complaint is that I wish they had more traditional items on the menu like chicken yakitori as well. However, they're are purists and there is something to be said for that too. I had the sunshine and rainbow rolls and they were delightful. During HH from 5-7pm, they offer a select list of rolls for $5-$6, which is a steal if you ask me. They're also a late night option serving food until 1:30am. I highly recommend!
4	So this place is a bit trendy I guess. Neon lights under the bar, mainstream trance playing a bit too loud for my old age and its dark enough to be some club, BUT the food is outstanding. I've been here a few times and with my most recent visit and few others we have requested the sushi chef just make something up and give us a one off type specialty roll and I would recommend it to anyone. The sauces this guy comes up with are really top notch. It has to be the main sushi guy (I think his names Johny?) or else I have had the sushi fall apart with some of the maybe lesser under studies.  A bit pricey sure but when you ask for shtuff off the menu and they play your game you have to play theirs and it's probably going to cost you.  The ambiance in the day time is a little more suited to a quiet sushi dining experience just so you know. Really the only place to grab fish in the down town area and after some event or a stroll around the Roosevelt area it is a welcome addition to our fair city. I have experience less than perfect service, at times I think I felt forgotten betrayed and lonely, but it was usually busy and I will give them a pass on dinging them for that to a certain degree... O.k., I take away one star.
4	I still think Moira is great, but we had some questionable service last night (drinks spilled all over us and charged for something we didn't order). I still highly recommend Moira. In my opinion, 5 stars should be reserved for the rare, yet continued, mind blowing dining experience.
5	I work service industry and I know good service from great and this place takes the cake. The sushi is spot on every time and the servers can mix a mean drink. Together with their killef happy hour (and reverse on the weekend) Moira is worth the drive if you don't live downtown and a local jewel if you're a townie. I can't rave about it enough.
5	A friend and I finally decided to go on and explore Moira after our two favorite spots, to chill at and have a couple of drinks, were completely full.  As we enter we were promptly greeted by our hostess and shown our seats but keep in mind, the place was about a quarter of the way full on a Saturday.  The ambiance of this the place is very cool and dark, kinda like The Roosevelt, with bar standing out with the bluish neon lights that were displaying the sharp angles and the reflective metals that weren't noticeable at first.Our waitress was engaging and always at our attention.  She informed us that this spot is the neighborhood's little secret and mostly filled with locals.  She looked like a cut out from comic con and I know that could be a little stereotypical but I believe that it probably added to Moira's identity.  I wasn't sure what I wanted to drink so our waitress recommended the Hitachino Nest White Ale which was a great choice.  We order the Udon noodle soup and Vegas sushi.  The Udon noodle soup was good with Low Mein noodles and beefy broth but I believe that this bowl is reserved for vegetarians.  Now the Vegas sushi rolls, were just utterly amazing!  Served with sides of Wasabi and some shavings that have a citrusy taste and with that combination my tongue has been resurrected.  I couldn't believe that my tongue could experience such a degree of exhilaration. I highly recommend Moira.  This place is adorable and the food is great with a decent price range compare with its local hotspot neighbors.  I can't believe that I was always passing by Moira without knowing what a jewel I had in my own neighborhood.  Moira will definitely be put in my weekly rotation of hangouts that I go to, see you there...Note, this was my first time eating sushi and for me this is the standard.
2	Just not very good.  We went there with a very large group and we tried lots of things and I feel it was mediocre at best.  It seemed like a new hip place to be but don't go just for the food.
2	One * for location.Another * for the calamari taste, but not a really decent portion.The seats hurt my ass. The drinks aren't that delicious. The food is too fusion, and it's not a very good fusion. The first time I ate here, a friend of mine and I stopped by before I dropped her off at the airport. She ended up spending  majority of her plane ride back home sitting in the bathroom.
4	I've always found the key to a sushi experience is to put yourself completely in the hands of the chef.  I did this with Tai Mai Shu (this is how he introduced himself, he gave another name later but can't remember it now) and was completely satisfied.  First off this is aesthetically one of the best restaurants in town.  I was absolutely impressed.  To those of you who think the chairs look like shopping carts perhaps you should tell that to MoMA who has the Bertoia Chair ( these are a reproduction of the original) on permanent display.  The food was fantastic and reasonably priced.  Tai Mai Shu told me that there is a happy hour as well as reverse happy hour that I will be sure to check out soon. Everything that I had was delicious and a simple twist on a traditional sushi.  Thanks Tai Mai Shu!Tai Mai Shu!  Sorry had to say it one more time.
4	Even if you're turned off by trendy sushi bars, Moira is worth a try. The menu is quite large and diverse, with some choices that are generally hit or miss. The Geisha roll looked promising (lotus root? yum!), but I was so overwhelmed by the cream cheese I couldn't taste what looked to be a promising experience.The Sakura roll really hit the spot. I have a weakness for unagi, and it did well with the snow crab and maguro. Also, the eel sauce had a nice kick to it, and is now my favorite. Some argue these rolls cost just a tad too much, but once you remember the quality of ingredients going in to every bite, I'd say it's just right.But this sushi alone is far from mindblowing. If the review ended here, it would be a 3.5 rounded down to a solid 3 stars. Moira goes the extra mile by providing an exotic selection of cocktails and beers. There are a dozen or so lagers and stouts from the far east. I ordered the Singha Thai lager, and my comrades had some pretty interesting stouts from Japan. Most sushi bars will only carry Kirin Ichiban, Sapporo, and maybe Tsingtao, so the diversity is welcome. Also, the cocktails are worth a try. The list seemed to have run of the mill drinks, with a few exotic looking options. I can only compare it to Kabuki's drink menu, only with what I assume to be higher quality.I'll be back for the happy hour, or to be more specific, the REVERSE Happy Hour featured here on Friday nights. It looks very promising, and I hope this place keeps living up to my four star endorsement.
4	Last time I was at Moira's I didn't remember. But I was just there recently. My girlfriend and I decided to go somewhere different other than the usual places we go to.So worth it!Their happy hour is pretty awesome and I got more than I was able to eat. I loved the squid salad, probably my favorite.Next time I should read up on the different types of sushi so I can try new things!
4	One of my friends recommended this place for a sushi spot in downtown Phoenix near the light rail. The location is south of the Roosevelt and I must have driven by it many times. I enjoyed the bar seating which allowed me to view all of the house specialties of which I will be back to try. For starters I had the spicy salmon served in baby greens, cucumber, avocado, radish sprouts, seaweed in spicy creamy dressing presented in a martini style glass. It was delicious! Since I love to sample, we ordered a few different rolls and some sashimi as well. The spicy yellowtail was delicious and fresh. My favorite was the volcano, with crab meat and a crispy outter shell and volcano sauce on top. I had a sake that I have not been able to find anywhere else. If you're a fan of sake, the must have here is the Shirakabe Gira. Overall, this place was delicious although a little pricey. I think the quality would justify the expense.
2	This place was mediocre at best. I went with my sister for lunch. The rolls were completely overpriced ($11 and $13), which wouldn't have bothered me so much if they were good. Bland doesn't even describe them. We got the Sakura and Geisha roll and for all the delicious goodness that was supposed to be in them, I was extremely disappointed at how crappy they were. I was totally in the mood for sushi too, which makes it suck even more! They were a nice size, which is why I gave this place the 2 stars. At least I wasn't starving, I was just lacking good sushi when I walked out. And the service there is almost as bland as the food is. And I agree with someone who said it in another review...those seats are HORRIBLE!! Maybe it's a better nighttime spot? Who knows, I won't be going back.
5	I love this place! I have been to this establishment many times to eat and it keeps getting better. I totally know why this place was on the top 10 downtown dining review from Howard Steffel. On my last visit to Moira I had the Hamachi Cheek which was phenomenal. The head chef made me a cucumber roll that had everyone at my table wanting to to try it and they couldn't say enough about how flavorful the roll was. I also had the rainbow roll and the caterpillar roll which was a big success with my seven year old niece who is new to the sushi world also, I would like to add that both rolls were great. Moira also offers great bottled beverages my niece loved the japanese soda and I'm a big fan of the bottled teas they offer.  sexy, and fresh....Im completely loving Moira's decor its totally modern.and I can't help but address some complaning yelpersIf you want quality.... well, then you have to pay for quality:-) Unless, you go to happy hour then you get the deals. Moira's rolls are made with the freshest ingredients you can often run into the main chef picking up items from the locally grown markets in phoenix before and during his lunch hour to make sure he has the best product for his customers. Also, the Harry Bertoia's Wire Chairs you guys talk so much of...I happen to love the art but  the word is they are redesigning a new pad for the bottom of the seat.  So all of you people that are rocking the caucausian long board and don't have enough cushion for the pushin are in luck. I just hope it doesn't ruin the look of moira's cool chairs. With all that said I love moira and the great sushi chefs they always have me leaving with a smile:-)
4	First time visiting here with a big group of co-workers, and I had a great time.  I was worried the tiny place wouldn't be able to accommodate a group of ten, but with no reservations, they were able to seat us almost immediately. The ambiance was nice, somewhat more modern than what I like, but it was warm and cozy, and I thought it would be a great place to come back to when the nights are cooler and they have their doors open.The food and service, though, was fantastic! I wasn't sure exactly what to get, but our group decided to order a bunch of stuff and share it.  Thinking back we should have ordered more because it was so good and I wanted more, but everything was delicious.  We didn't order anything too crazy -- mostly we order different types of rolls -- but each one was superb! And, although I didn't participate in the sake bomb drinking, my other co-workers did and they said the drinks were great. Oh, and we were having so much fun, we decided to bet a co-worker to eat a huge dollop of Wasabi.  He was a sushi newbie, and really had no idea about the potency of the condiment.  I kept telling him not to do it, but after only $25 being put in the pot and our kind waiter bringing him a drink, he downed it all.  He was hurting for awhile, but hey, he got $25 from it.All in all, Moira is a neat little gem of a sushi place downtown, and I'll definitely be coming back again for some yummy dishes and sake!
4	I like Moira.  I've only had sushi there, so I can't comment on the rest of the menu.  The fish is fresh, I especially like the yellowtail.  It's not the best sushi I've ever had, but I have no specific complaints about it, and that is saying something.  The service is always attentive and friendly.  I really have nothing negative to say here other than the chairs are too high at the sushi bar.  I feel like a child in a high chair since I pretty much need someone to push me in once I'm in the chair!  Oh and the music is always just a little too loud.It's never more than half full there, and that is too bad.  I think people just don't know about it.  It's in kind of a lonely spot on McKinley and easy to miss if you're not watching for it.
3	Definitely a nice place but its for young hip people. I am young but I guess I am not too hip. It is dark and loud! I can barely hear my mom speak. The decor is not too bad except for it being really dark at 5pm. I can barely see our waitress cause she was wearing black and blended into the shadows. The table is a bit small for two people. There is a candle that doesn't help the darkness much. You get this cute little dish for yourself. We ordered thesakura roll (unagi, snow crab, maguro, avocado rolled in soy paper)- our favorite. Flavorful. Salmon roll- basically a california roll with a tiny piece of raw salmon on top. If you like calfornia roll you would like this.Boston roll 7 - This was the least favorite. A chunk of rice with a tiny piece of raw fish and cream cheese. Theres also this other thing in it that is kind of crunchy but tasteless. The prices are a bit high but you get a lot! I think around 8 pieces of the sakura and salmon roll. I believe you get 6 pieces of the boston roll but they are pretty big pieces.Sushi is sushi. It is either good or bad. This was good but it didn't feel special. That is the reason for the three stars. If I was ever in town again I wouldn't mind coming back here and trying their hot dishes and appetizers.
5	Hands down my favorite sushi bar in Phoenix.Their food and drinks are not only really beautiful and unusual, they are so amazingly delicious. The staff are amazing, they have always made the experience fabulous and are a huge contributor on why I recommend them and go back so often... can be slightly spendy if your on a budget and plan to drink but I always find it to be worth the money...plus they have an awesome reverse happy hour that can really cut cost. Only teeny tiny grip is what others have mentioned, uncomfortable chairs...boo hoo, I know...all else trumps chair discomfort.
5	Wow what a great find. I loved the atmosphere and the sushi was great. We had the Sake Bomber...hard to go wrong there. For a salad we split the crab sunomono. I would usually get a tako salad but wanted to try something different. I enjoyed it but would have liked a little more crab. I would probably try something else and not get that particular salad again. Not because it wasn't good just wasn't a favorite.For sushi I went simple and got the Dragon roll. They were really creative with the presentation and it was delicious!My wife got the Rising Sun roll. As soon as they set it down she commented on the fact that it smelled amazing. She is not adventurous in her eating and this roll was a little new for her. Her comment at the end, "That was the best roll I have ever had."We will definitely be heading back.
5	Sooooo good.We went for my friend's birthday and everything was a delight.Let me start with our waiter, whose name I cannot remember. He was funny, patient, honest in his recommendations and took our table's dietary limitation into consideration (1 vegetarian and 3 vegans). At one point I dropped something on my white dress, a horrendous mistake on my part, and he brought me club soda so it wouldn't stain. What a peach, right?The server's recommendation, the rain forest roll, was delicious. The fried tofu was delicious. The seaweed salad, delicious. The edemame, delicious and served with a slice of lemon. And the tea, whatever fancy tea it was, was lovely. I was stoked by how many vegan options they had and surprised by how kind the wait staff was.
3	I can't say that I come here for the food.  The happy hour prices are good, and I come here because it is open late.  There is really no other place downtown if you want sushi and if it is First Friday's be prepared for a wait.  I've been here for lunch for the lunch specials and left somewhat hungry.  If you want super authentic I'd look head out to the east valley.  But if you want to ogle hipsters and suits and lost folks running around First Fridays, Moira is a safe bet.  Just be prepared to shout over the music.
4	It's about time a sushi joint opened downtown.  I've been waiting for one forever, and yet it took me until last weekend to try it out.  We went with a big group (10) of us on a Saturday night.  We made reservations, which they even called to confirm earlier that day, and they had the table off in a separate area all ready for us.Everything about this place was good.  Good ambience - felt young, hip, and fun.  Good drinks - I had sake bombers, but a couple of friends tried their cocktails and said they were good.  Good service - our waiter was awesome and worked really well with us.  And all agreed, good food.  I am a vegetarian, so I had the rainforest rolls.  They were so good, I had to get another order.  Someone made the comment that they're not cheap, but there are a lot of them, and that's right on track.  A couple of people got their dishes this well.  Everyone was happy, everything was great. I am so glad that this place wasn't a disappointment, and I can't wait to go back.
5	Finally ate here for the first time! Loved it. Great service, cool vibe. They change up the music which is nice for a sushi bar. Sometimes the quiet typical sushi music makes me sleepy.Our waiter talked us into the special and boy am I glad we accepted! Rise N Turf!!!! Seriously melted in my mouth, the best piece of sushi I have ever tasted. Yumm and Yum. We will be back here. Don't pass this place up, if you love sushi, you'll love Moira.
3	OK. My wife and I went here for the first time recently. I can't say I will be coming back for the food. Here are the pros and cons as I see them: Pros 1) Great service: Our server (Heather) was fantastic! 2) Drinks: The Gin Press and the Karma (with Thai chili infused vodka) were both good. 3) The location. I want very badly to see the downtown area continue to create urban live-work spaces just like this one. So I want to see this business succeed. Cons 1) Sadly, the food was just "ok". There was nothing bad about it. It was fine. But, that's it. It wasn't as good as its drinks, service, or atmosphere. In short, I might go here for a drink before or after dinner, but I wouldn't be likely to eat anything if I have another option...and I do. That said, without the service or drinks, I would have never given it three stars.
4	Overall great experience. Lee Michael was our server, and he made it really fun for us. I really liked him.Vibe is great. Decor is great. A little on the small side, but it wasn't packed or uncomfortable. Party of sixteen was coming in at 9pm on a Saturday night. It's that kind of place. Hip. Young Crowd. Open Late. Goodness.The one thing that threw me off, and I regret not speaking up when I was there -- their Salmon Roll is a California Roll with Salmon on top. I was totally disappointed by that, and had never heard of that before. (Not sure if that's a Phoenix thing, as I live in LA and it's not like that here.) I left there craving the Salmon Roll that I really wanted. The cocktail I got was amazing. I wish I could remember the name. It has Gin, Cucumber and Lemongrass. So refreshing. The Calamari was amazing. Maybe the best I've ever had. I would definitely recommend this place. The only requests I have:1. Notate what's in each sushi roll on their menu... especially if you claim it's the standard basic roll, but it isn't.2. Make sure that the website functions properly. I can't view many parts of it. I've tried multiple browsers.
4	After moving here a few months ago the search has been on to find a decent sushi place in Phoenix, after all, it's Phoenix.  I don't set my expectation too high because I know how difficult it can be to get fresh sushi here.  I enjoyed Moira because their creations are simple and they don't drown the sushi in sauce like some other American sushi joints.  Sushi is about the rice and the fish.  Both were pretty good here.  The salmon and the white tuna nigiri were fresh tasting and soft and the rice was great as well.  The kamikaze roll was also delicious, but maybe could have used a little more spice.They have the best miso soup I have had since living in Japan.  Very tasty, not watered down or flavorless like most other places.The drinks creations are fun and tasty, I went for the favorite karma.  I like my drinks like a like my women, spicy, sweet, and filled with booze.  Our waitress said she would even be open for a new creation if we gave her some ideas.The service was great and friendly.  We were there on a Friday, but surprised it wasn't loud and bustling.  I can see how it could be at times as it is a little small.  Fun and modern decor, clean place!
4	I happen to find this gem of a place on my way to a meeting downtown.  I thought "sushi sounds good" and opened up the  Yelp app on my phone and Moira popped up.When walking into this place, you forget that you're in Phoenix.. I felt like I was in Los Angeles and one of their trendy spots.  We are there right as they open and are quickly seated.  The waiter takes our drink orders and since it's happy hour, we decide on some food and drinks.  I dont recall the name of the dish, but the waiter sells us on their special and damn was it good.  It was spicy, something.. that's all I remember.  This is what ya get for writing a review so late.   Being a new sushi lover of only six months, I try to taste all that I can and there wasnt a thing we tried that wasnt good.  Just a great place.  I did notice that everyone who came in were women and blonde.. was there a convention in town?  I look forward to my next venture at this restaurant.
4	I have only been here during REVERSE happy hour and I am loving it!!  This reminds me of some hip Sushi Bar in NYC.  $5 sushi rolls?  You bet along side a $3 plate of calamari.  Always hits the spot.  Besides the cheap eats, the decor is fantastic!  Modern Buddah statues paired with Herman Miller Wire chairs, incredible.
2	Happy Hour Prices are great!The food - NOT so greatEvery single roll dish was covered with sauce. I was let down because everyone hyped it up. This sushi restaurant is definitely mixed. Beware when you order the happy hour dishes you get the NOT so happy servings of fish (more rice and cucumbers). The server was friendly. The food is definitely not good enough for round two.
5	I loved this place, awesome atmosphere and the service was great. The sushi was fresh and they had a good selection.
3	Ok, so after a long night of walking around First Friday, a few friends and I decided to go to reverse happy hour at Moira. Well, there was an hour wait to do this. However, the hostess was nice and took one of our phone numbers and we could leave and walk around some more. So we (finally) got in and were seated. Let me start by saying that I don't like sushi, I generally don't like most seafood, and this place smelled fishy. But I got used to that. So we ordered some food and drinks off the happy hour menu (extremely limited for a non sushi eater). I got a cucumber salad and an orange blossom drink. The others got various sushi, my one friend got the squid salad and some sushi with scallops in spicy sauce on top. My orange blossom drink was lovely, it tasted kind of like sunny D, which I don't like, but I liked it for alcohol (didn't taste the alcohol at all). Those things are dangerous! The cucumber salad was just alright, nothing too special. However! I tried my friend's scallops (I've never had scallops before) and thought they were really good! So that was exciting. The sauce was a really great spicy sauce and the scallop itself didn't taste fishy at all. Nice! So I think everyone thought it was pretty decent, but it was also expensive, even at happy hour, so I wouldn't go out of my way to go here again, but I also would not say no if others wanted to go. A ok.
5	Extremely courteous service.  Waiter made phenomenal recommendations and the sushi was very fresh.  Highly recommended.
4	Great Happy Hour Deals
3	I went here with a couple of friends at about 10:30 the other night for their reverse happy hour.  $5 sushi?  Yes, please.  I got the vegetarian rolls and they were delicious.  I have no complaints about the food or the service, and I love things downtown that are open late, especially in the summer.My reservation is that I was not a fan of the atmosphere.  I would totally go here all the time for a tasty post-show/movie/date meal for the cost of Filiberto's if it weren't for the douchey vibe this place has.  Dark, with loud, bad music and stupid glowy lights.  It's not a good place if you want to actually have a conversation or see the people you're with.  I felt kind of embarassed to be there.  This isn't Scottsdale.  Turn on the lights and turn down (off?) the crappy dance music, please.
2	If you like overpriced sushi that's extra medium, this place is for you. The service was awesome, though. Nice peoples here. If I was drunk and not able to drive and somehow found myself on this street in Phoenix craving sushi in front of this restaurant, I will probably take off my shoes and pants and start drunk dialing my friends until someone picks me up and takes me to a different sushi place. Just kidding, my friends wouldn't take me to a different sushi place. They would probably just take me home.
2	Went here for reverse HH last night. It started at 10:30 p.m. the prices were good, $5 for a roll, $3 for seaweed salad/calamari/edamame. I thought the sushi rice was a bit hard and packed too tightly. The hostess was not very friendly and this was consistent with the last time I went there. The waitress, however, was nice.  They no longer serve milk tea and I asked about all the other juices (mango, lychee, coconut, mandarin orange).  All came from a can so I did not order them. The best part about this restaurant was neither the food nor the drinks but the fact that it's downtown and open late with reasonable pricing. I would not necessarily go back for the food specifically or recommend it but if you just want to hang out and drink, it's a nice little place.
4	Finally a decent sushi spot downtown with a good vibe! Typical hipsters on staff, but friendly enough! Had some really interesting rolls here.... one even had beef on top of it! Try to catch them during happy hour if you can, as 3 rolls and 2 drinks will set you back about 50 bones during non happy hour times!
3	3/5 sauced out.not bad for fish in a desert, once you get over that then it is worth a try. they have a good selection, though it is pretty pricey when it is not happy hour. i found it odd that the decor inside seemed anything but japanese though. pan-asian, if you will. i think that's also the take-away on the food--it is a lot of stuff put together to cover all the bases instead of one single thing that is quality at once. of all the ones we tried, the kamikaze was the best. the seaweed salad is also pretty good. cucumber gin drink was pretty strong, but not necessarily tasty.
1	I wish i could tell you how the food taste but we didnt get that far... Me and a friend decide to check this place out. We get seated at the same time another couple gets seated, they got drinks apps and ordered dinner and we never got approached. The place was not busy and everyone in the restaurant was sat in one corner of the restaurant. The two servers walked by us multiple times never once did we get greeted nor did we ever get to order drinks or anything at all. It was like we were intentionally being ignored. About 20 mins went by and still no one has came to speak to us so we decided to leave... One of the servers happened to be by the door when we were walking out and had the audacity to tell us to have a nice night... Wow that was te first time a server spoke to us is when we were on the way out... Wtf horrible non experience
5	My favorite restaurant.  Try the Sakura roll and a bottle of Xingu!  You will NOT be disappointed.  The place is hip and beautiful -- great wait staff, excellent food and the music "Buddaha Bar" like (sometimes a tad too loud though).
3	The food is pretty ok. It's not send back to the kitchen gross, or rave about delicious. The crab was kind of on the fishy side the last time I had it, which seemed out of the ordinary.I do have some pretty big gripes about the place though. It is hotter than hell every time I have eaten there, regardless of the season. It also doesn't matter what part of the room you are in.The customer service is lacking. The waiter we had was very inattentive despite the fact there was only one other table in the place.Lastly - $2 for 8oz of Coke? Never again.We'll be back, just because there aren't many sushi places in the area, but I don't think I'll necessarily recommend it to my friends.
4	I have been here on two occasions, and they sushi is fantastic.  The wait staff is colorful, (I once heard a story about a certain phx suns player that showed up here so inebriated, he emerged from the bathroom with his pants falling down), and they serve a fantastic cucumber sake cocktail.  I am a fan of all things cucumber.  Dark, intimate atmosphere, great for small or large groups.
4	i was here last nite drunk for happy hr,after slam some drinks some gay bar around the block with 3 friends and yes it is nice cervice,nice drinks,good food $28 usd check thank's.  wil go back again, this is a fancy  hipster restaurant.  and the whole crew is friendly.
4	The fried tofu is NOT vegan and that breaks my heart because it was recommended by wait-staff as a vegan option repeatedly before someone actually checked.I'm kinda depressed about the situation really.Luckily, everything else was awesome and they have the best miso soup I've ever had in my life.
1	Sorry gang...still can't recommend this place.  My reputation is on the line and I gotta be honest,  if I ever tell you go to this place; please forgive me.  I enjoy the atmosphere, but service is still lacking.  I've been a server and the last thing I want my customers to do is to chase me down.  If I start feeling like I've been a burden to you then my visit is just not worth it.  I do enjoy the food -- the Udon noodle is good, but there wasn't any of the Japanese beer left for me to order.  Apparently, they ran out - but don't tell me you can't order more.  In today's market and economy I'm sure if you want it, you can get it.  Orion & Asahi is good, but I can get those anywhere.  -- Enjoy (I think)
2	No great shakes.  Overpriced and small portions.  Seaweed salad was good but service was extremely slow.  Second time there - probably won't go back again.  Disappointing because it was my birthday dinner.
2	I finally got to try Moira yesterday, which I found via Yelp, and which I had bookmarked for months.  I work in downtown Phx and really wanted to like it.  The decor is pretty, and the building it's housed in is pretty awesome, but that's about as far as the positives go.Let me say first that the sushi isn't "AWFUL"..... but it's not "good" either.  It's meh.  And it's definitely overpriced for "meh."  (Compared to most places in Phoenix/Scottsdale/Tempe, it's at least $1 more per item.)  I will say that the spicy tuna wasn't even remotely spicy.What sucks:  the service.  I went with a coworker for lunch, and we were not greeted, nor were we seated.  We finally went to the bar, where a server came up to us after 10 minutes, only to tell us that she would be right back.  The place was NOT busy at all.  The server came back, took our drink orders, dropped them off, and that was it.  We didn't see her for the rest of the meal and had to flag her down to get our check.I asked the sushi chef about lotus-- I wanted to know if it had a strong flavor.  He thought about it for a minute and then said "not really."  How about "NOT AT ALL."  Which is fine-- they basically just use it for crunchy texture.  It just struck me as odd that this wasn't his immediate response.Normally I wouldn't mention the chairs, but I have read other Yelp reviews and they are right-- they are the most uncomfortable chairs that my butt has graced in a long time.Bottom line is that if you are in downtown Phx and want reasonably good sushi for a good price, go to Ichi-Ban on Central and Thomas.  The decor isn't as hip, but the food and service are FAR better.
3	Went to dinner here with some girlfriends during a weekend reunion in Phoenix.I had the fried tofu appetizer and an avocado roll with plum wine, and they  both had shrimp tempura rolls and a rainbow roll.We were all pleased with the fresh ingredients and service, but when the requested separate checks were processed, 2/3 bills were put on one card.This was corrected by the waitress (who did not collect/process the checks), but the mistake shows lack of detailed work from all employees.
4	So my best friend wanted to take me here and I was kind of skeptic about it.. she thinks RA sushi is good and if you think RA is good, well I just feel bad for you...and your life (but not my best friends, love youuu). Anyways, upon entering Moira, I liked the decor, specifically the Buddha statue that is on the bar counter (right? Can't really remember haha). It took a bit of time for us to get our server, but in general, the service was a bit on the slow side. Except, our server was very friendly and knowledgeable that it made up for it. Now for the sushi, we decided not to get any appetizers just in case we didn't have enough room left. I feel like when it comes to sushi, you buy too many sushi rolls and after you ate an appetizer it's kind of like .. ahhhhhh dammit! I AM SO FULL ALREADY..must eat.... So we got the summer roll, tiger roll, and the the fuji roll. I would have to say, I wasn't impressed, but I definitely wouldn't say that this sushi is 'horrible' like some people are saying. For the summer roll, it was pretty good I must say, but the avocado wasn't too fresh..and the rolls were pretty small. But I would have it again if I came here...maybe..haha.  The tiger roll was my favorite one, it had coconut shrimp on top of the roll, it was huge though, I had a tough time eating it but definitely yummy. Only issue with that was the fact that the sauce was VERY overpowering, there was way too much of it on there..and I mean, the sauce was good..but not that good.Lastly, the fuji roll, definitely the least favorite of the three, not too much flavor, but not bad either, nor do I really have anything to say about it. Oh but there is one thing I DEFINITELY recommend, I am a huge whiskey drinker only..but I decided to venture off and try the "Jaded". Oh my goodness, I seriously felt like I was drinking a raspberry type smoothie drink, but it wasn't a smoothie, it was just an awesome alcoholic puree that I would drink all the time..and sadly, I got a buzz off it, or more so it just made me really tired (only on 3 hours of sleep, alcohol is a slap in the face). Anyways, try it!All in all, this is a place to try, but ... don't except to be WOW'd . I would consider this over Kona Grill or RA sushi any day of my life. I just think the rolls are a little over priced for what they offer and in some cases, the flavor is either missing or just way too much. But still,  I would come again.
1	Wow... I haven't been to this place in a year.  There's a reason.  When Moira first opened, I waited a few weeks then went down there to check it out.  The sushi wasn't bad.  It was actually okay. The reason I think it was even okay was because, like many others... I WANT to like it.  I've lived downtown for 15+ years and we're starving for an outstanding sushi spot... okay... even a "decent" sushi spot.  It didn't happen with Moira.The first few times I went there... the food wasn't too shabby... but then... OOPS... not so good.  I've now gone there a couple of times and received FOUL sushi.  I'm not joking.  The icing on the cake was the last time my bf and I went there and the tuna sashimi was served to us in a VERY LARGE portion.  We were both excited... at first.  Then quickly realized that the fish was definitely past its expiration.  UGH... the smell was SO BAD.  When we alerted the server of this they told us that they'd see if they could take it off the bill.  Uh... we were NOT about to pay for this foul smelling tuna.  I mean who in their right mind would eat this?  In the end, they agreed to not have us pay for that dish.  What I thought was pretty screwed up was that they served this to us thinking that we were idiots and some stinky tuna would just fly under the radar.  NOPE!Btw, the above experience isn't the only one.  I had a previously bad experience on NYE 2 years ago... and should have not gone back... but I chalked it up as one bad incident and thought I'd be open minded, since I really wanted to like it.The only thing I could say positively about the place was that the sake menu was pretty good.  But to be honest with you... great sake is only a few steps away at Sens... along with some really tasty eats.I truly want to have a great sushi place downtown here... why can't we get it?  I'm willing to pay a good price for exceptional food.  When will that exceptional sushi spot come to downtown PHOENIX?!
5	Best calamari in town, and awesome service. Tokyo glow is a great drink, super refreshing.
5	One of my all-time favorite restaurants in the greater Phoenix area. I go here with my girlfriend frequently and they never let us down. Located just around the corner from The Roosevelt. The main points I love about Moira are as follows. Ambiance- really genuinely hip in the sense of New York or San Francisco hip, cool under-bar lighting, massive golden Buddha statues, unique bathroom fixtures and great use of chain-mail curtains :). The whole place seems to maintain a very cool, but not pretentious understated vibe and they usually have some great house music playing. Food- the food is fantastic. Everything we've ordered has been very top notch. We don't do a ton of sushi but what we've had is very good. The dishes we absolutely love are the small stir fry dishes like the Donburi and Pho crunch (the latter is a genius work of texture and taste variations that keep me coming back over and over. The seaweed salad is consistently good and the bomb-diggety appetizer of them all are the Fried Tofu Nuggets- you'd swear they were chicken nuggets. Soooooo good! And the dipping sauce they come with is otherworldly. They have a really interesting list of cocktails which are all worth a try and all the wait-staff is super friendly and accommodating. Truly an understated, largely unknown, gem of a restaurant!
3	Moira isn't the best sushi I've ever had, but for Phoenix and my neighborhood and the pricepoint (as long as we don't order alcoholic beverages) is doable when we get a sushi craving. The happy hour is a great benefit if you can get away from work before it ends.  Their spicy rolls are definitely spicy, and have some great kick to them.It hits the spot without breaking the bank and we'll take it.
4	Very solid sushi joint! Great special rolls, really nice cocktails and better than average sushi! Fast and super friendly staff sends out the food quickly and with a smile. Cant wait to return and check out their happy hour.
2	You know when you go to a hole-in-the-wall Chinese restaurant that happens to serve sushi, but you think 'there's no way I'm ordering sushi at a non sushi restaurant'? I feel like that sushi would taste like Moira sushi. The fish here is not fresh. That's really about it. They can have the most clever fusion ideas, 'cool' decor, a rad happy hour menu, but the fish tastes minutes away from expiration. There's no excuse for this. I've come here twice: once when they very first opened, and again very recently. Both times the fish was disturbingly fishy. Also, their soy sauce is not a good quality one. Extremely salty and concentrated. I had to add water to it. (and I LOVE salt)
2	So the first time we went to this place, my boyfriend and I went with a couple friends and thought the food wasnt amazing but it was decent and close to home making it more convienent. Not tonight, first we were told to choose our own table (mind you all of the tables were empty, who would have guessed?) then once i chose a table which was a four top, i was rudely told that those werent availible and shoved into a two top which was ackwardly positioned against a brick wall. We asked after a couple minutes of sitting there to be moved to the empty space at the sushi bar, our server was kind and said no problem and moved us there, thats where the problems began. We had a clear view straight into the open kitchen. I forgot to mention that my boyfriend is a chef and knows just a little bit about how things should go down in a kitchen , whether it be sanitary or productive. Lets start with a minor issue. They were using the same cutting board, and knives to cut raw beef, raw squid, and vegetables (dirty unpealed carrots). The food came out fairly quickly, which was nice but did not seem to taste at all how we remembered. The spicy tuna  tasted off , not  quite spoiled, but poor quality fish. There was a roll with huge chunks of red bell peppers that just didnt seem to taste right with the shrimp tempura , maybe a little piece but not an overpowering chunk. Then it took forever for our server to even check back on us because all their employees were to busy eating, texting, and talking all in front of customers plain view without a care in the world (where is the manager? maybe texting in back?)Which didnt seem to unsanitary for servers to be doing but then when the sushi chefs are texting with there gloves on while making food it becomes a sanitation problem . Who knows where there phones have been ? It also to almost 20  minutes to be noticed after done eating to get a check? which is definetly a problem in a slow resteraunt where we see them chatting in back . We both have worked in the food and beverage/customer service  industry for many years, and always seem to be good tippers but in this instance we just could not give a 15% tip for such a terrible experience. None the less, we will not be coming back to Moira ever again. Im only giving this place 2 stars so i dont look like that ass that only gives them one star cause the food didnt taste horrible , especially not the first time we ate here.
3	Not a huge fun of the new menu. I think sushi is one of those things that should remain pretty true to tradition and I think the chef too too many liberties. The food is usually tasty, just a little too "un-sushi". Still love the decor, vibe and service.
4	Mmmm...  Good food, fabulous decor, awesome vibe!!  INCREDIBLE COCKTAILS (try karma!!)...  Service was right on- oh, and lots of eye candy!!
3	I can't believe it's taken me this long to review Moira. I was there on their opening night a few years ago and while we were all super excited for a more upscale Asian place (and the first sushi place in the downtown area, for that matter), the restaurant had a lot of kinks to work out with delivery of food (particularly getting sushi before hot items) and just service in general. However, we were all pretty happy with the food. While the sushi wasn't the freshest we've had in Arizona, the rolls were well executed and the hot food was enjoyable. We particularly liked the red miso soup with tofu.  Fast forward a few years and Moira has definitely worked out the service kinks. In fact, when my husband and I were there last Saturday night, we had some of the best service we've had in a long time. Our server, Heather C, was really attentive, with prompt drink refills and quick delivery of everything we asked for. The order of the food was all perfect as well, with the items we requested all coming out in the right order. I still don't think Moira's food is the best around, and I definitely have to give nearby Sens first prize for hot Asian entrees downtown, but it's solid and goes up a notch during HH, when much of it is half priced. I also give the nod to Sens for cocktails, as theirs are sweet/exotic while still packing a punch. I can't say the same for Moira's, which are all sugary sweet. I'd go for wine or beer (or a mixed drink, which was generous for the price) instead.
4	Tuna Poke is great. Love this joint.
3	Moira has grown on me. They aren't my favorite sushi in the the Valley, but they certainly try to be! Their location is much welcome in the Downtown Phx area.Now, I am a sushi snob, so I don't think they have the freshest cuts or the most creative menu. I do think that if you're downtown and craving sushi, (especially late night) they get the job done.If you want a really good bargain, hit their happy hour and reverse happy hour. You can eat a ton of sushi on the cheap and go home satisfied.  If you're there for happy hour, try the White Blossom and the Vegas. Both rolls are not very "authentic" or "traditional" but both are very tasty. Off of their regular menu, I suggest you try their hamachi yellowtail sashimi with a side of Sriracha, the Sunshine roll and the Spicy Hana roll are both good choices too.Moira offers many exotic mixed drinks to tempt your palate into trying something new, but be careful of the prices. The drinks can run anywhere from $7 -$10  and add up quickly. If you're downtown and don't feel like driving far or detouring from the light rail, go to Moira for your sushi fix. They have some solid choices for your sushi craving.
4	HOLY CRAP beware the happy hour.....it is DANGEROUS!!!! All of the items on the happy hour menu are very reasonably priced so you can get some good food and drinks. They have lots of tasty options like calamari and seaweed salad and other good stuff. The atmosphere is cool and trendy but the service is a little slow.Why I warn about the happy hour is the sake bombers. I'll say it again, HOLY CRAP. I think I only had two, plus a few beers but after a couple hours I was more intoxicated that I have been for a LONG time. Apparently at the next bar I went to, I was calling everyone "Babe" and I think the bar manager was worried I was going to get out of control...needless to say a cab ride was in my near future. I will be back for more happy hour goodness but perhaps I should send out a warning in advance because I may just get crazy...again,
4	It's great to have sushi place downtown.  Have been a couple of times now and have been impressed with the sushi.  Have always been greeted with friendly service and walking distance is a plus.Haven't been able to take advantage of happy hour or reverse happy hour yet, but the Tiger Roll keeps me coming back!The Orange Chicken and Cucumber salad make for a nice addition to the sushi.The chairs are visually pleasing they don't make you want to linger.  An hour and out is our motto.
4	I had dinner here for the first time last night. Its a fun little place. Like super tiny. You will feel like you are at a fancy rave or something, the music pumping through there was horrible. The tables are super close together, I am pretty sure my ass touched the persons head sitting behind me when I tried to get in my seat. Our waitress was great and on top of things. Food came out at a nice pace. I dont east sushi so I got a few small items. Started with some Miso soup, super tasty! Then a cucumber salad, it was good but would have loved more onion in it. I also got the tempura vegetables, they were decent but I was bummed that there wasnt any broccoli, also the dipping sauce is a bit salty. Over all though I liked it a lot.It was a nice little dinner. Would I go back here on my own, probably not. Would I go back here if someone asked me to go with them? Yes.
4	I enjoyed my experience here. The sushi was fresh when I went, it seems as though other yelpers haven't had my luck. The rolls are original, I like that they have less of the shrimp tempura in their rolls. Their concept is more of a 'club sushi' atmosphere- great for a date, or late-night. My favorite thing about Moira was the sake-fusion drinks. So awesome! The one negative is the cramped tables- I recommend the sushi bar.
5	This place is amazing! The sushi is displayed in a spectacular manner!  The catepillar roll looks so realistic with its cream cheese eye balls :) Fresh and yummy ingredients! Service is great AND there is a DJ in the kitchen too, after 9:00 it's like a club!
3	There is certainly a dearth of sushi places in Downtown Phoenix.  I had to find a lunch place in a confined radius, and I wanted sushi, so this is the most promising place I came up with.Let me start by saying the atmosphere is excellent.  It has a very trendy, upscale vibe to it.  The place bleeds gentrification.  They clearly put a lot of effort into the decor.The service was also good, and I was surprised at the server's ability to memorize my order of two rolls, a sashimi, and several nigiri.  As a restaurant, this place is really not bad.As a sushi bar, however, this place needs some work.The first thing you'll notice is how incredibly limited their selection is.  I was really disappointed they don't have uni, and there were a few other glaring omissions (no red snapper, striped bass, etc.).  Clearly, they are not trying to appeal to those who are serious about sushi.They did have a couple extra varieties of tuna in, that weren't on the menu, so that was nice.About half way through the meal, I noticed that I didn't have any miso soup.  Of course I didn't order any, but I guess I just assumed that when you order sushi, they just give you a bowl of miso soup.  With how much they charge there ($75 for a light meal for two people, including tip), you'd think they could just throw in a small bowl of cheap soup, right?The rolls were OK, I guess.  Nothing special.  The fish tasted fresh enough, no complaints there.This place is definitely more about presentation than sushi, and apparently presentation costs a lot.
3	Been here many times over the past few months since it's close to the hotel I stay in when in Phoenix--and these last two months I have been just about living in that hotel!  I do like the atmosphere of the place.  It's dark, relaxing, and tucked far enough away off the beaten path that there's hardly any foot traffic going by outside.  If I go mid-week which is usually the case, I can find a corner table, open my laptop, and catch up on my email as I linger over dinner for an hour+.  Since they are not too busy when I go I don't feel bad about hogging a table.The mussels are very good but there are only four to a serving for (I think) $8 (online menu does not show prices).  If you really like mussels go up the street to The District Restaurant in the Sheraton where you can get a seemingly endless bucket of mussels for $12.  I mean seriously, we're not talking lobster here.  These are mussels--the cockroaches of shellfish that cut up your feet at low-tide.  $8 for four of them is too much.The roils are good, the sashimi is good, the waiters and waitresses are all very nice.  I will keep coming back but from now on I do my mussels elsewhere.
4	Okay so I have been to this place a few more times now. Usually on a first date. Usually a last date also. But I like the food. I have had a chance to try a lot of different things on the menu. And in reality its not that pricey. Especially when you don't have to pay. HA! okay so really I guess the only bad thing is the music is super duper loud on the weekends. But its not such a bad thing on a bad first date! Yay for sake!
3	Went for happy hour. No amazing deals. Cocktails were good, but small. Waiter was on point with refilling our waters. Might've been because it was happy hour, but the sushi was entirely average. The atmosphere of the place was cool, even though it was dead. Seemed like a cool neighborhood spot.
3	It's hard not to like sushi when it looks just like a dragon.That comes courtesy of Moira Sushi in downtown Phoenix, a hip little spot with a sushi bar and an array of other Japanese specialties, including shrimp tempura and edamame.Moira has some of the best miso soup ($6) I've ever had, and this time, I also tried their seaweed salad ($5). I wasn't as big of a fan of this-it was really soggy, not crunchy like I like it, and I had to add some dressing to give it more flavor. It's an extremely  filling appetizer, though.For the main course, I like the generously portioned vegetarian roll ($7)-and my sushi chef even hooked me up with extra avocado!The atmosphere at Moira is cool-dim blue lighting and candles. The wire chairs are pretty uncomfortable, and in such a pretty setting, I wish they were more cushioned.
3	This was an interesting experience. The sushi was very good especially for Phoenix where "fresh" fish is extremely hard to come by. The atmosphere and decor is great but I went there for lunch on a weekday and the time it took to get the food left something to be desired to get back to work on time. In addition it is July in Phoenix but they had the door propped open when its well over 100, huh?  The edamame was good but could use more salt throughout rather than just a sprinkle on top and of course it is hard to mess up edamame.  The tempura vegetables were battered well and the sauce had just the right hint of spice which was amazing. However, the vegetables that were used were ehhh and they were cooked in clumps together so you couldn't pick the veggies you really like without getting a mouth full of veggies you can do without. Now for the sushi. The spicy tuna roll was oh so good!  Just based on the sushi alone, I will go to Moira again and I recommend it to those looking for well done seemingly fresh sushi  but not when I have a time constraint like lunch on a weekday.
2	This place is great for Happy Hour. Otherwise, the prices are ridiculous. My friend and I arrived 10 minutes after Happy Hour ended and decide to forget that idea and go somewhere else.What I can say for the place even during non-Happy Hour times is that they have delicious (and STRONG) drinks. Also, the food is adequate. Certainly not terrible, but not enough to pay more than 10 bucks for a roll. Nope. Sorry.
4	I can't believe I live 4 minutes away from this place and never even knew it existed! My friend said she wanted to get sushi and that she forgot the name of the place. Her exact words were to 'go to google, type in best sushi in phoenix, and it'll be the top one on urbanspoon.' So that's what I did. We arrived right before midnight on a Saturday night and the place was poppin! It was so cool to see a sushi place open until 2am! The interior was super hip, with blue lights hanging from the ceiling that simulated rain, and numerous other blue and red lights spread around the place. They even had a DJ that night! The happy hour was the best part. We ordered SO MUCH food for a decent price! $5 vegas roll? $5 crab-q? Amazing!! Portions were a very nice size as well. The only negatives were the table next to us that was so loud that we couldn't even hear ourselves talking, but that wasn't really the restaurant's fault, and then the waiter was very slow and we had to wait a good 10-15 mins for water refills, which kinda sucks when you're eating stuff that is super salty lol. I'm going back sometime though!
3	I went back to Moira a couple nights ago for the first time in a year or two(and I live almost directly across the street from them). I was kind of annoyed because we called them from a different bar to ask if they would put our name on the wait list and they said they only do that for parties of 6 or more. It turned out alright because the wait wasn't terribly long. Again, this bar was ok, but nothing special. I got the 'jaded' drink and it tasted almost chemically. Not my favorite. I tried their shrimp roll, and wasn't a fan (but I don't like shrimp, so it really isn't fair). I still think their stuff is overpriced and only fair.
5	Our favorite sushi spot in Phoenix. The fish is always super fresh and the atmosphere is super cool. Great HH too!
1	Went for happy hour. What a waste! Limited happy hour menu, very small portions for the price, horrible service, and spoiled fish. Had to send two sushi plates back due to spoiled fish. Our server needs a lesson or two on how to take orders and how to treat customers. She was in such a rush taking ordered she never took the order from our third person at the table. I will not be recommending this place nor returning.
4	We had a large group when we visited the restaurant, and the waitress we had did a fantastic job. She had a lot of great recommendations.It's a small, trendy and hip establishment, seemingly in the middle of nowhere. The restaurant is dim lit, with blue lighting along the bar area.The drink menu was definitely interesting. There were none of your basic go-to's, and a lot of Japanese inspired drinks, which was fun. The cocktails also had strange infusions, like sweet potato. The beers ranged for the Lucky Buddha (super cool bottle) to sake and sake bombs. I am nearly a vegetarian, so I ordered the sichuan garlic edamame to start. It was absolutely delicious; the best edamame I have ever had! Be sure to try this!For the sushi, I split the rainforest (veggie) and the zero sen (veggie) rolls with a friend. Both were delicious.I would recommend this place to others in the area.
3	Oh so trendy and expensive!  This place has good sushi, good stirfrys...but given the choice, I always head to Kyoto in Scottsdale for my sushi because it's good AND cheap.  Moira's a good place for a date...or for happy hour.  Not a place to come if you're really hungry and don't have a wad of cash to drop.
4	We went there for the Friday Happy Hour and they had a DJ . I will state that I'm a huge music fan and do have a penchant for Hip Hop (especially the nineties era) and DJ JSong (in-house DJ) did not disappoint. He primarily played Bay Area and West Coast Songs that are all must plays in my Ipod. Can't say much about the food (As I only had a bit of Sake), but it is a good atmosphere during Happy Hour with great tunes!!!
1	I don't usually write 1 stars but Moira does deserve this one.  My boyfriend and I went in last night for reverse happy hour, as I have wanted to check out Moira for some time.  We walked in and immediately the hostess said 'be right back' and left us awkwardly standing in the entrance for a good 5 minutes.  We were already thinking about leaving but were finally seated and each ordered a Sultry Saki from the cocktail menu.  After about 15 minutes without our drink, we were again seriously pondering just leaving.I do understand when places are busy or short staffed. This really didn't seem to be the case at all.  Plenty of tables empty and a good amount of waitstaff in sight.  Finally our drink came and it was the weakest, worst, watery drink I have ever had.  When the ice melted in the drink, it still tasted the same.  Huge waste of $6. The worst part of the evening came at the end when I got our bill.  I noticed that our waiter overcharged us for the fried tofu, which is under the $3 menu column. ***Keep in mind that the happy hour menu is all black with white text.  However, the waiter was refusing to honor the $3 price because apparently in BLACK pen on the BLACK menu was a  HANDWRITTEN in $5 sign, that you could only see if you held your phone light over the menu.  I actually laughed and told him this is ridiculous and isn't going to happen.  Finally he obliged and took of the $2 overcharge.  Long story short, terrible drinks, terrible service and watch out of invisible amendments to the menu pricing.
5	DOWNTOWN. LATE NIGHT. This place has been a gem since day one. Offering up the Valley's best sushi (I've yet to chowed on better), BEST PRICE GUARANTEED. This place is certainly boutique, not a chain at all. So what does that mean? Well, the owner/founder/head chef will probably be personally handling your fish - Tony is a maestro in every way, cultured in the East, a fisherman by trade, can literally HANDLE a fish and judge the grade/quality of the cut. You are keeping your money local in every sense - keeping it DOWNTOWN. Sure, the place can some times get slammed. It happens. Downtown is erratic and will be dead one night, pary-vanned the next. The staff is consistent and menu-familiar, no turnover and noobs to worry about here. Ask for something off menu or for Tony to freestyle something for you. A couple of ex-Suns (I won't name drop) would frequent this place all of the time (a certain Mercury star too) and get something 'Chef's Pick' and the presentations were just exquisite. Try their SERIOUS COLD sake collection - if you ask for hot, jab your chopsticks in your ears and march your a$s over to Pei Wei --- because you shouldn't be doing sushi. The nigori's are phenomenal. And if you're a true resident to d-town Phx, go in for lunch. Amazing value, well rounded between soup, salad, a roll, and nigiri. If I can remember it was like $9. Lastly: I've seen a couple of Yelpers commenting how "Expensive" Moira is. I have to smack my head and ask WTF are you talking about? $10 for a premium roll? Go to Roku and check their menu. Go ANYWHERE else (Stingray at the Biltmore, etc) and check their menu! What are you paying?? Where are you eating? This place is COST CONSIDERATE in every way on the soosh front. I've seen $20+ rolls in Scottsdale and the like - and don't bother asking the fish vendor they get their stuff trucked in with (cough, suspect). Okay, I'm out. Dine on!
4	The food was delicious.  They had just rolled out a new menu and it was spot on. The drinks affordable, and the saki warm and comforting. To top it all off Shannon was one of the best waitresses I've had in a long time.
3	Trendy is not always good when it comes to sushi. This place screams decor over substance. Waitress had to apologize for essentially ignoring me when I first entered; her excuse was she was more interested in her coworkers new purple hair than my eating needs.Tuna was a bit fishy (i.e. old) but the salmon was excellent. Neighbours having fancy modern rolls looked to be enjoying them; I stuck with the basics. A bit skimpy on ginger and wasabi, seaweed salad was good. Could get a bit loud later in the evening. Open late.
4	Fantastic sushi and fantastic service!  Will definitely go there again the next time I'm in Phoenix.  All top notch quality, and yummy drinks!  However, the fifth star is missing due to some painfully loud techno music.  We had a seared fish appetizer and four rolls that were super yummy.  Definitely give Moira a try...don't think you'll be disappointed!
2	Most disappointing sushi experience I have had in a while. The sushi was not goof at all. I'll pay good money for good sushi, but this was not. Had a spicy tuna roll,  it was horrible. Tried a couple other unique rolls they offer, they ok. Will not return.
3	I must say I have had better sushi.  The decor was nice, comfortable and inviting with the exception of the music.  They played the uncensored version of  hip-hop and R&B  songs where they were dropping N and F bombs left and right.  Not exactly good dining music.  They might want to change that.
3	If you are in the mood to go to an absolutely beautiful restaurant, this would be the place.  In addition to the beauty of the restaurant, it features an open kitchen which I love as you can watch the staff work their magic.  In addition, you can also see the flaws, our order of gyozas came fresh out of the bag from the freezer into the hot oil.  Honestly, they were not terrible and I am sure making them fresh would be a nightmare, but many restaurants do go to the extra trouble to make them fresh.  We stuck to the happy hour (Happy hour runs until 7pm) menu and there was a large selection to choose from.   We went with the standards, tempura shrimp roll, spicy salmon roll, and a special roll called a golden blossom that was topped with scallops, all rolls were quite good and priced between $4 and $6 dollars.  Our server was attentive and friendly.
5	Hidden Gem.  And this gem shines bright (literally, it's got tons of fancy blue light oozing out through the doors and windows).Good evening, Downtown Phoenix, it's past 10pm and there's still a place to go.  The reverse happy hour here (starts at 10:30pm Fridays, not sure about other nights) brings me back.  $7 sake bombs, where being loud and making a mess is never a problem.  Shannon (possibly the best waitress anywhere) will probably just come be a loud mess with you.There's been a DJ in the kitchen every time I've been by, and the music is perfect for a Friday night transition between bars.Oh yeah, the food's good too.
4	ONLY GO DURING HAPPY HOUR. The prices for sushi when it's not happy hour are wayyyyy to high. I've been to Moira twice, once during happy hour and once with "sad hour" as I call it. Happy hour was fun and priced well while "sad hour" was depressingly expensive. Service was good both times, the atmosphere nice and hip, and the rolls are pretty tasty. 2 dollar warm sake during happy hour, what, what!!
5	Props for having the hippest late night sushi reverse happy hour open til 2am.After a show at the US Airways Center, walk down the road and have some quality sushi with some quality staff, jamming to quality old school pop music.  This place has plenty of attitude but also food to prove that they deserve to have more attitude.  Ask for Lisa when you are here.  She is great.  I promise to take piix next time, but, what you need to know is that thee hot saki is really good for being a house serving. They also keep you hydrated and wanting more and more fish.  Their seaweed salad is very good.  I had the volcano roll which was not very hot but you can ask for more heat.  The overall menu is satisfying.   I will be back.  A little earlier next time.
2	The setting and location are really appealing. Nice design and good vibe.However the prices are way higher than what you get for it.I had edamame, tiger roll, rainforest roll and one lime (yes, they charged me for the lime), no alcohol or soft drink (just water) and after tip and taxes, 40 bucks! One of my friends dropped 108 (just food!)Another downside is the parking. There's a public lot one block away. Add 5 dollars.It's a cool place to hang out if you don't mind overpriced mediocre food. The service was also pretty bad. It seems that either they were understaffed or just didn't care much.PS They bathrooms are pretty interesting and with cool design elements but the walls are covered with FRP which make them look super awkward/cheap.
4	Had some sushi in the desert this past weekend.  My brother and I walked in to the beat of Calvin Harris.  I like me some house with my sushi.  I heard it was hit or miss on the crowd, and it was somewhere in between for a Saturday night.  Vibrant decor was abundant throughout, and it reminded me of a trendy Vegas type bar with its lighting.  So how's the food?We ordered a few rolls from the regular and happy hour menu.  The poke, white blossom, cucumber salad, fried tofu, sun devil and the sunshine roll.  Everything was good, except the tofu which was just OK. But the poke was tasty.  It had a couple of extra's in it that made it taste better than the stuff I have had before.  Good flavor. Since we are hot sauce addicts, we asked the chef to make our rolls H-O-T.  He gave us two DROPS of a hot sauce called "The Bomb", and a thin wood stick to apply it to our rolls.  Really, are you serious.  He looked at us with a somewhat cautious look on his face and said "Just a little bit", it's really hot.  While we tend to throw caution to the wind when it comes to hot sauce, we took his advice and put a dot on our rolls.  You know, that's all you need.  We had 4 DROP's of the hot sauce between us, and trust me, we didn't need anymore. Our hot sauce taste buds were burned...I mean satisfied.  Great sushi restaurant within walking distance of downtown, and really good happy hour specials. We ordered off the late night happy hour menu and the regular menu, a couple of beers and we were right at $70   Not bad for a good dinner and my bro.
2	Okay, this place is sub par... I was looking forward to a nice sushi dinner and was excited to finally go to "Moira." I love sushi and this environment is really cool and swanky. That is appealing and nice. But sushi was okay. They take risks which i respect but missed it a bit. And service was okay. They tried for like 5 minutes and its like they just didn't give a shit once we ordered. It's expensive and over rated. I was just annoyed by the time I left. Go if u want a cool environment and location but other then that it was ...eh'
2	Came to Phoenix for a convention and some good food. According to Yelp, this place was the place for good sushi. After a long walk from the Palomar Hotel, we walked into a cool looking place. Unfortunately, that was the only pleasurable thing we experienced at the restaurant. The service poor and the food was average for the amount of money we had to pay.The place is all show and no go!  Find another place to eat!
5	Oh, yum!! Some of the best Sushi I have ever had.
5	5 stars for being opened till 2AM on a Saturday night for us vampires! Woot! Who doesn't love very late night sushi! I wish the avocado rolls weren't $7 but that's okay, they are so delicious and fresh, and I wish the soy sauce wasn't sooooooo salty but that's okay too b/c the food is great, the hours are fantastic and I saw they support other local businesses which I am all for. So, over all 5 stars!
4	Very fresh and well presented sushi.  I love the fresh wasabi side!  I don't know of another place that offers it.  They offer the bright green stuff too, but if you want the kind of wasabi that will wake up your senses and momentarily destroy your sinuses, this is the place to go. The atmosphere is stylized and the chairs are strange--  Not in a good or bad way, I can just tell some effort was put into it as a design, but it doesn't move me one way or another.  The chairs are definitely form over function, and form with chairs is pretty important.  I wouldn't put one of these on a porch and drink iced tea, which is a chair Litmus test for me, but I digress.Anyway, the food is good and priced accordingly.  It seems to me that sushi is not well represented in Phoenix.  With modern refrigeration, I don't see why.  Maybe I am mistaken about the lack of sushi choices in Phoenix, but it seems the culinary diversity of our small-town-big-city would offer more than Moira when it comes to small boutique sushi bars. Booze side note:  Their drink list is pretty fun.  I didn't have any, but the table next to me had some pretty fancy looking signature drinks.  I had a Hendricks Gin, which I was pleased to see on the menu.  Served on the rocks with a cucumber garnish was delightful. Moira gets the credit for introducing me to my favorite garnish for one of my favorite gins.
3	This struck me as a "good" sushi place in an area where people don't eat a lot of sushi.  "Cool" atmosphere with bumping house music and lots of younger people, but the fish was fairly ordinary and overpriced.  I guess living in LA makes one a bit of a sushi snob, but I wasn't impressed. I did appreciate that you can get real wasabi, but overall I don't see myself coming back.
2	I finally stopped into this place after seeing it every first Friday and when heading to Amsty. The inside is cute but it has an unusual smell, I think it's from the bathrooms. :( the decor is cute and the bathrooms themselves look very nice. It's a pretty small place and it has a cute little bar. My friend and I ordered the calamari which was different, just seemed like they tried too hard. Calamari is good it's usual way, anywho, I enjoyed it here. We ordered the Sakura roll and it was good but that's it. I'm a big sushi person and although the Sakura was good, it just didn't do it for me. The presentation of the food is nice so I give them an A there... The service was pretty good as well...I don't know of many sushi places downtown so this one is a pretty okay place. I know there is one in the AZ center that I need to try soon :)
4	I've been here on many occasions and had delicious sushi concoctions. It's not the high-end kind of sushi I've tried in seaside towns/Singapore, but very, very good stuff! I mean, we are in the middle of the freaking desert here. The waitstaff-- one server in particular, wish I had her name-- is awesome. Chatty in the good kind of way, always make us feel welcomed and relaxed-- and alongside prompt service. They also have yummy cocktails, soup, and tea.... oh, also the chicken wings are scrumptious!
2	The service was good. The place wasn't that busy so we got seated right away. The miso left something to be desired. And the rolls and sushi were a tad on the bland side. We had the bartender mix us a Moscow mule and it was below what I was expecting. This place was good but left me wanting something more.
5	Moira sushi! Just delicious. I've been MANY times and have never been disappointed. I highly recommend going during happy hour if you don't want to break the bank (although the great tasting sushi is worth it!)I recommend the spicy salmon roll, the white blossom roll, and the volcano roll! Just so yummy!Additionally, the atmosphere and staff are all wonderful! I've never had a bad experience at Moira!
4	Moira  updated their menu and took off those frozen potstickers that I mentioned in my earlier review.  Service was terrific and their new offerings were delicious.  They have a roll topped with a coconut shrimp that is very tasty.  Also enjoyed the $5 bombers that were on special for Halloween.
3	Sigh. I still haven't found a place that tops my San Diego Restaurants! :(....but this place comes pretty close. I love the ambiance, very Vegas! Very new and hip and the lighting is pretty key here. This isn't a place to take your grandparents or parents for a nice sushi dinner, but a group of girlfriends before going out... perfect scene! This place is a great stop if you live in the downtown area, since you don't have to worry about parking. The rolls werent as jam packed with sushi as I am used to.. but still had decent flavor. I ordered the sunshine roll which includes: spicy salmon, cucumber, topped w/ fresh salmon & lemon slices. I just wish the slices of salmon were thicker. honestly, Pure in scottsdale/phoenix area is better.Sorry Dave. EXCEPT! The more sake bombs you take, the better your experience is!So drink lots of sake! hahah
4	Pretty decent sushi and a lively atmosphere. It's kind of surreal being served hot tea and sake in what essentially feels like a night club, but it works here.  We went on a Saturday night and there was a short wait for a table for 2. Having sampled a few rolls, I would peg this place as a good option for sushi if your in the area. The fish was fresh and our tea cape out piping hot. Service was excellent and I was never left looking for some one.  Our waitress was knowledgeable on the menu items and made some good recommendations.I will definitely make my way back here in the future.
2	Not a huge fan. Here's what's up.. The place is for sure cool looking. Great vibe. Service is good too. The only thing I like there is the Crackling Calamari. Oh damn good happy too. The sushi was just bland tasting.
3	I fell in love with this place the first time I went.  We waited at the bar for our friends to join us and the bartender was really friendly and fun.  He offered a lot of good suggestions on making some of the sushi rolls dairy-free and was just generally great to us.  When we were seated with our friends at the table we had a great time with a really excellent waitress who was willing to put up with our shenanigans! I thought the food was wonderful and the variety and uniqueness of the menu was worthwhile too.  Loved the atmosphere too-- hip, but not too serious about it, and nice lighting.  Having had this great experience I decided to take my best friend here when she came to visit from out of town.  Her plane got in late but Moira's posted hours are 5pm-11pm on weekdays.  We showed up around 10pm, pushed the door open, and were abruptly told by the hostess that the restaurant decided to close early because it was slow.  I was furious.  What kind of business turns away customers when it is slow? We ended up making the short walk over to Angel's Trumpet instead, which was not only open but bustling and crowded! I'm super disappointed at that experience, but will probably go back and give it another try.
3	Really disappointed with this place. My friends had a birthday gathering here and the manager was so rude. She was not accommodating at all even though we brought them a lot of business that night. She walked around telling people where they could or couldnt stand, she tried to even ask our friends to leave who  were still eating. When we asked if she was the manager, she threatened to call the police on us. I would not go back there.  It's too bad though because the food was pretty good.
2	I am just not a fan of this place.  I've given it three separate chances, with three completely different dinner partners.  Each time was worse than the time before.The sashimi was rather warm, the rolls lackluster.  The cocktails, while tasty, are very expensive.  And somebody must have hired their cousin as a DJ, because some kid set up speakers and a laptop behind the bar area and proceeded to drive us crazy with his inability to (even try to) beatmatch.I'm not sure how so many people find this place a winner.  Maybe they've never eaten sushi in a really good establishment.A bummer, because I love downtown Phoenix and I really want to support the restaurants in this area.  I just can't bring myself to hit this place up again.  :/
5	Great atmosphere, great food, and great service!We had a convention at the Sheraton and decided to stop by for sushi and a drink. The place is really clean and cool, great atmosphere. The food was great and thepresentation was excellent. Edemame was really good, it had a nice sauce on it. Then we had hamachi that had a bit of grapefruit on it with a special wasabi sauce on the side. Then we had some salmon sashimi rolls. And lastly cucumber slices with sashimi on top!Service was great too, we got in early and they where just starting to get busy, I think the busier they got the better service we got. Water and drinks kept coming and honestly, we ask our waitress to order food for us and her choices where great!Definitely coming back. I heard there is a great brewery place across a the street that you can hang out after too!
4	This is my favorite sushi spot in Phoenix.  A bit expensive but they have the yummiest sushi. I love the interior and the overall vibe in the place. Definitely try the dragon roll. It's was my favorite, along with the spicy Hanna. Had me like "daaaaamn." I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 cause they have the weirdest hours and it's hard to catch them when they're open.
4	Menu is limited on sushi rolls. Not very many options for raw rolls. Most of them have tempura or crab mix so if you are trying to eat "healthy" I probably wouldn't come here. The fish itself (sashimi) is great! Also try the sun devil wrapped in cucumber. It's pretty fantastic!
4	Funky spot next to art district.  Most interesting thing about their food is the appetizers. Hot stone for cooking your own thin sliced beef.  The sushi is good & atmosphere enjoyable, we brought our 3 year old &  it was a bit of a challenge on a busy Friday night.
4	I visited Moira Sushi for the first time this last weekend with a girl friend. We sat at the sushi bar. The server was friendly and attentive and was really quite busy, being that it was a Friday night. Our food was delicious and I love how my Diet Coke arrived in a cute little glass bottle! They even worked around my avocado allergy. Thanks Moira Sushi! I'll be back :)
2	Stopped in for lunch. No one said anything to us when we stepped inside but the waitress came over within a minute or so. The seats had crumbs and food in them, and the tables all looked filthy. Like no one wiped them down after each patron left. Soy sauce was molded to the table proving this. My silverware was spotty and the soy sauce dish was dirty as well. I asked for another and the waitress just kinda said "Oh", like no big deal that's normal :(Food was ok....wings a funny after taste but were hot and made to order. Sushi was fine, no complaints. Rice dish was ok as well. My friend are it all and said he enjoyed it.  I'd like to give an additional half star since the waitress seemed to be on top of her tables considering she was the only one on shift that day. I'd probably try to-go, but I'd be hesitant to dine in or trust that the kitchen is cleaner than the dining room. That said, maybe I wouldn't do take out either.
4	Best sushi in Arizona so far. The menu is short but as I said in an earlier review, when you're exposed to fewer choices of a higher quality, you usually come out happier.My friend is vegetarian, so he ordered the Rainforest Roll and it was delicious! I ordered the dragon roll just because it comes out shaped like a dragon, complete with cream cheese eyes, a tail, and even a fire!! Warning: there's lots of dishes here with fire. One of the sashimi appetizers has a fire too. But it's all in good fun.The great thing about this place is if you go around 6 even on a Friday or Saturday it's not crowded, and then it starts getting crowded an hour later. So in terms of ambiance, you've got the best of both worlds.Nice sake selection. The waitress recommended the Ryo which was an excellent choice! Cheers! I loved the blue triangular bottle it came in. Our waitress was telling us about this artist who collects these bottles and will eventually make a chandelier -- if you're on Yelp-- hello!!!! Awesome idea!!The plum ice cream is cute and fluffy and pink and if it's your birthday, it comes with sparklers.
5	Really good food and cheap happy hour!  Super easy to find and get in and out which isn't always the case in down town
3	Moira Sushi offers a wonderful happy hour in downtown Phoenix. (It runs until 7pm!) Hot sake is $2 with chilled for $5. The decor is upscale yet you aren't paying ridiculous prices. Service is prompt with orders taken almost immediately and tables are cleared continually.  The edamame is steamed perfectly and salted. I very much enjoyed the kani crunch. (A crab meat concoction with panko generously sprinkled on top.) I was envious when my neighbor called the server over for her spicy yellowtail. I had ordered the same earlier *but* not thought to ask for spicy mayo. (If you want spicy I recommend doing the same.) My version of the spicy yellowtail was just ... yellowtail.Adorable place well suited for groups. Four tops can readily be combined. I can see this spot being perfect for an intimate date.
5	I'm not one to go the traditional route. I prefer to pick several appetizers and add a few rolls when I am doing a sushi outing. OMG you have to have the Hama Chili, Crackling Calamari, Tuna Poke and Sunshine Roll. I love spice but when you pair it with grapefruit, anyone can take the heat on the Hama Chili. The Crackling Calamari isn't your vanilla appetizer you find elsewhere. Amidst the crispy tentacles, you have a treasure trove of Asian mushrooms, cabbage and crunchy textures that spoil your tastebuds. And if that isn't enough to have you lusting, the Tuna Poke is amaze balls. I love the rice crackers because it's the only way to "permissibly" allow you to scrape the bowl without looking like you lack etiquette. To cleanse your palate of the explosion of happiness erupting in your mouth, the Sunshine Roll is an delish crowd pleaser and closing for your tasting. For someone with a linebacker appetite, I have to admit I was very happily content. Happy belly happy face!!!!From all the various Buddhas to the chainlink bathroom entrance, I love the setup because it immediately invites you in with the shimmering lights dancing above the bar and the dark decor to be flirtacious. And who can resist a big Asian DJ spinning the best 80s tunes as you down your cold saki to forget the hot days of summer ahead. Definitely making another trip back and will check out happy hour with my entourage. You will not regret it!!! This place oozes sexy and those items are pure seduction.
4	Great for happy hour, an reverse happy hour.  Sushi is top notch, they have a bunch of custom rolls that are great. Great atmosphere, real urban downtown feel.
1	I wanted to like this place. Who else is open with happy hour with sushi at 2am when I'm having horrible cravings? But the service was bad. The waiter seemed to be pissed off or something and pretty much took it out on us muttering under his breath and all. It ruined our happy vibes and made us feel awkward. Just a very disappointing first time experience and sadly my last visit.
4	Great sushi and better service. Never too busy and best sushi in downtown. Nice, small vodka bar feel. Tables are too close to each other and when having a private conversation it becomes a little uncomfortable.
3	I went to this place for lunch and I wasn't really impressed with the lunch specials they had to offer, the the sushi was okay. The tables were really close together and the chairs were kind of uncomfortable (some seemed broken). I went back for happy hour one day and was a little bit more impressed. They have hot saki for $2 and a seaweed salad for $3 (decent size too). The have multiple rolls that were prices at $5 and $6 that were very good. I wish they had these happy hour specials during lunch because that would get me going back there multiple times.
4	the sunshine roll is a must! a seriously stellar roll.  the octopus and hamachi belly sashimi were just as good. avoid the Hama Kama, yellowtail collar deep fried, it's weird and too much work.
3	this seems to be a japanese thai fusion restaurant.  the food was edible but not super fresh...it is phoenix.  the waitress was attentive but kept saying weird stuff like ''beseech me my mistake'' and when she cleared our plates it was ''an earnest pleasure''.  furthermore for the price you can get better sushi.  oh! and the chairs suck balls.
3	It wasn't bad, not great. Hit the average side for me. I would probably come back. Food was good, but felt I could have got more bang for the buck elsewhere and been just as satisfied.
5	I love this place! The food is really good, everyone is SUPER FRIENDLY, and I'm a total regular here. This is my go to place for sushi downtown.
4	First, it was that shit-show of a night: First Friday. Where all of suburbia exclaims "Oh, we do have things going on in Phoenix!" Moira was slammed, servers filling and refilling water cups of those who are too cheap to buy drinks, but want to take advantage of Happy Hour.Still, the staff was smiling. They hustled and I had 3 people ask if we'd been helped. When we were seated our sever was jovial, made light of the situation and suggested we order most of our items at once so that we'd get everything promptly. Now, while it wasn't the best sushi I'd ever had (it just wasn't). I am telling you, unequivocally, it was the servers that made my night. At the end of our meal we were approached by another server who made sure we'd had an enjoyable experience. She was extremely sincere and reminded us to come by on Thursdays where the wine is half priced, and the joint is half-filled! : )I don't know how ya'll do it, but you're fucking rockstars!Foodwise: Squid Salad: Generous portionCalamari: DeliciousAvoid:White Blossom roll. I've had a baked scallop roll before. This one...tasted quite funky : /
2	I passed by this place a few weeks ago while I was walking around the neighborhood and it looked like it was totally the place to be. When I finally decided to check it out, I was completely disappointed. My friends and I were seated next to the most obnoxious men in the restaurant (possibly the world) and though I fully understand that was not the host's fault, it just added to the unfortunate experience. The happy hour menu was a total bummer. I ended up ordering the shrimp tempura roll with a raspberry-sage tea because I am an underaged baby for the next three months. I was expecting the tea to be of a somewhat decent quality--definitely not something that came out of a bottle. It was bland and literally tasted like water with agave. The roll was nothing special either. I could probably find something of that nature at a local grocery store and save myself from the uncomfortable environment I was placed in. I do give them props on their aioli, though. That was the shit. Overall, it was an extremely underwhelming place. Perhaps it was just an off night. Maybe it was something in the cosmos. All I know is that I won't be dining here again.
4	This place has great food and a good atmosphere. I have need had a bad roll here and always receive great service. The guys up front know how to do their job well! They usually have some good happy hour specials throughout the week.
2	Delicious food...great service, leaving a two star review due to employees loitering out front. We were staying with friends in loft above restaurant and employees sat at entrance and smoked leaving cigarette butts and trash in the planters. I heard management has been asked to stop this, but evidently it continues. I will change to a five star if this is corrected.
5	Last night I finally had a chance to try this wonderful spot in Downtown Phoenix - What a lovely surprise.  I will let you all be surprised but please be sure to include this hidden gem in your line up when visiting downtown or if you live downtown like I do then why haven't you been here already - just like I've been asking myself for nearly a year.  Good eats await you!!!! I loved it all, especially the eel.
5	What's there not to like about this place. The sushi is amazing and the service is great. The atmosphere at the sushi bar is always fun... and the beautiful crowd helps too! ;)
4	Went to Moira for the first time last night, very cool little spot. I really liked the chairs and the lighting. The food was very good and the sake selection was great. We got a bottle of the coconut sake (and it was half price on Thursday!) and we loved it. My favorite part about Moira was the impeccable service. We will definitely be back.
4	First time here after moving DT. I must say i am surprised this place is not packed during Happy Hour. Really good and Fresh Squid And Sea weed Salads. For 5 bucks you get a Great Spicy Tuna Roll. I will be back for sure.
4	Food is good and came out fast, service is great, especially in Phoenix.  That is what a nice restaurant supposed to be.
4	First time coming here and it was delicious. My wife had the Tiger roll and I had some nigiri sushi. We would definitely come back to try more!
