5	I had the opportunity to see Jersey Boys on its opening week and it was truly the best show!  The theater isn't super big so every seat is a good seat.  I know that with it being a Tony winner that I was in for a treat, but the cast was really spectacular with the musical numbers and the sass they brought to their characters. I never really   knew the story of Frankie Valli and the Four Seasons.  I knew a lot of the songs they sang but I didn't know the stories behind them, and there were some stories! The cast was really energetic and true to the era that the play takes place in.  There isn't tons of stage props, more like projection screens that change with each scene with a few props here and there. But again, the true show is in the 4 gentleman that play the Four Seasons. They really hit the mark on the dancing and signing and I felt like I was somewhere else, in another time.  So if you already like the music, then its time to see the show. There is some foul language so it's recommended for children 12 and up.
5	This was a great show. My friend took me for my birthday and we had the best seats ever. Section 1, Row A, Seats 1 & 2. There is no one next to you and they practically spit on you. Although some might think being so close doesn't give you the entire perspective, the stage is small enough where it doesn't really matter. And for a show full of songs and dances from the 60s, it was fun being right up there with them. We saw the 10:00 pm showing, and it only had an 8-minute intermission, which was great, and we got out around 12:15 pm, so it was definitely worth it. It's in the Palazzo, the new addition to the Venetian, and there are plenty of restaurants to check out right there, so make a reservation, have dinner, gamble a bit and enjoy the show! And then gamble some more. But not at the roulette table. Because I lost there. Don't bet on red!
5	Feed your inner falsetto.  Highly entertaining show.
4	I've seen the show over 20 times and this was one of the best performances I've seen. I went during previews and while first jarred by some of the cuts made for Vegas, it was easy to get over by the end of Act 1. The cast is first-rate (especially Jeremy Kushnier and Jeff Leibow) and the design of the theatre itself is amusingly tacky.This would be 5 stars if the prices were the same as Broadway's. ;-) And if the staircase from the mezz/balcony didn't suck.
5	fantastic! loved everything about it...especially the fact that the guy taking tickets upgraded our seats from the upper mezzanine to orchestra.  highly recommend seeing this show, it was the highlight of our trip.
5	oh what a night! the bf and i really enjoyed jersey boys. so many great songs!!! my favorite songs: "my eyes adored you" and "can't take my eyes off of you"frankie valli, bob gaudio, tommy de vito and nick massi are just awesome. and who knew joe pesci was involved.go see the show!
5	I saw the real Franki Valli perform in 2007 in Boston, singing all the oldies I grew up loving. I remember hearing their songs for the first time as a teenager on TV in the early 80's from mail-order infomercials."Jersey Boys" brought back a lot of my teen memories, not just with the music, but also with the stellar direction of the story-telling. Of course, it takes a moment to get used to the actors sounding a bit off from the original group, but you very quickly get over that and are very quickly immersed in the narration and direction of this superb production. It has moments of drama, comedy, tragedy, and nostalgia. A great performance, whether you know the group or not.
5	Just about every one loves The Jersey Boys. It is a great musical odyssey in the life stories of Frankie Valli and the Four Seasons, who grow up from their youth and learn to "Walk Like a Man". You have a score based on all the hits of the Four Seasons and later of Frankie Valli and the Four Seasons, from "Sherry" to "Maryann".  The staging is surprisingly simple, with a clever bare bones set that still allows all the scene changes to occur quickly and creatively, with the help of lights and costuming. The cast is excellent, with a talented group of main characters and just as talented satellite characters. If you like good music, or remember the many Four Season or Frankie Valli hits, you will love this show! The Jersey Boys:You're just too good to be true, Can't take my eyes off of youPS - if you mind your kids hearing F bombs, don't bring them!
5	FANTASTIC! I'd give Jersey Boys more than 5 stars if I could. Paid $$$ for tickets and it was worth every penny. Music/story/actors were great! If it ever comes back to SF I would spend the money to watch it again! Must see!
5	This show really made me smile. My BF's parents asked if we would like to go. I heard the show was really good so of course I said YES!! My aunt told me that the music might be kind of old for me but the WHOLE time i was saying to myself, "They sang that song? and THAT ONE?!?!!?" It was really good and funny too. I never even got tired (There is usually have about a 75% chance that I will fall asleep in a movie). I stayed up and smiled the WHOLE TIME! :)
5	Definitly Oh, what a night!After seeing The Beatles LOVE, and being totally impressed, i was so afraid that Jersey Boys would not live up to the hype, or just be a little let down.  Could i have not been more wrong.The cast was brilliant.  Dominic Scaglione Jr (we saw the 10pm show) as Frankie Vallie was amazing.   His rendition of Can't Take My Eyes Off You was hauntingly fantastic.I would definitly go see it again.
5	Jersey Boys was a knock your stilletos off sensation!  Who knew that 's where, "We wear short shorts...." came from.  Phenomenal story, music, and actors.  Hands down the best show I have ever seen.  Cody and I loved every minute without even one yawn.  It was amazing how much of the music we recognized without having known it was The Four Seasons, so many wonderful hits.A must next time your in Vegas!
5	Even though the woman sitting next to us was CRAZY and very awkwardly singing and dancing to every song, I still loved the Jersey Boys! The music is phenomenal (obviously!), the acting is superb, and the dancing is excellent. This is such a fun show complete with great costumes, great sets, humor, romance, drama, and more! My cousin used to be on a tv show with one of the lead characters so that made this performance extra special...We had "VIP" seats which I think were about $110 each. These included great, central seats about 15 rows back (comfy chairs!), a free vodka cocktail (my mom doesn't drink hard alcohol EVER but still indulged!) and free Jersey Boys gear (magnet, deck of cards, and poster). Purchasing VIP seems worth it to me! When in Vegas, party hard and see great shows like this one!
5	So when I got the tickets to Jersey Boys I knew absolutely nothing about Frankie Valli and The Four Seasons but once seated they make you feel like you were a part of that time and place when it all got started. The show was AMAZING from the beginning to the end. You feel like your watching a movie and seeing a concert at the same time. I laughed, I clapped, and I sang throughout the show. The actors/singers all did a fantastic performance. The theater is perfect as you have a great view no matter where you are seated and the seats were very comfortable. The show is long but you feel like your money and time was well worth it. This is one show I wouldn't mind seeing a second time because it was so good and entertaining.
5	After seeing this show I forgot who is who, Rick Faungo -  Frankie Valli.Very enjoyable.  I would not hesitate seeing the show again.BTW, when they say 8 minute break, they mean exactly 8 minutes.Remember, it is Vegas, so much of the audience will not be, how should I say, Broadway like.  A guy in the row in front of us stuffed a wad of chewing tobacco just before the start of the show and we thought WTF.  Yep he gets a cup and spits during the show.  You can't pick your neighbors.
5	My BF and I went to watch Jersey Boys at the Palazzo after eating at Carnevino. My BF went to the bathroom and came back asking me if I wanted to go.  So I said sure.  Somehow a couple had the same seating as us.  So the usher gave us VIP tickets up in the front.  Very awesome!!!!  My BF loves the music and of course Frankie.  The show was great.  The music was incredible.  I recommend it to everyone no matter what generation.  If it wasn't for my BF, I wouldn't have thought about going.  So many thanks to my other half.
5	it should loose a star for the stage setup. There isn't much going on there. But man, the stage crew does make the show smooth with the transitions. I love you Frankie! Oh the music is incredible. I didn't know all the songs but who cares. THe music was great. The story was great. The actors are great. The outside of the theatre is odd but hell.. Oh and the lines to get in are long so expect that. The drinks... expensive. The concession stand charged me like 8 dollars for candy. SNEAK YOUR OWN IN! LOL.Oh and i sat in the balcony which was alright. But if you want a good view do pay the extra price to be closer.
5	This show is fantastic.  I loved it and I am not normally a musical theater gushy-type person.  But, I just got back from Las Vegas today (still singing Frankie Valli/Four Seasons songs although I'm sure that's in no small part due to the Venetian elevators constantly pumping Jersey Boys tunes at me for the last 6 days) and I already bought tickets for the touring show in Atlanta in June.  I can't wait to see it again.The music is phenomenal, and I already sort of knew that going in, but the performers are superb and they make the show fabulous.  It was like I was at a Four Seasons show (back in their heyday, obviously) and I suddenly realized that, as good as these guys sound on the radio, they sound even better live.  It was a musical powerhouse.  And, they have coordinated dance moves, flashy suits, humor and lots of salty language sprinkled in.  I loved it.I can't help but compare this show to the last show I saw in Las Vegas, which was Love.  Both have great music as their basis, with Love having arguably the better of the two.  However, Love played recorded music with stunning visual effects and some light Cirque du Soleil feats, while  Jersey Boys had performers playing and singing the songs with fewer visual effects and an entertaining story line.  The musical performances in Jersey Boys are what blew me away and made it so enjoyable.  Love has nothing on Jersey Boys, IMO.  This ranks near the top of my list of favorite musicals I've seen.
5	This is live theater at its finest!!!  The music, the acting, the stage transitions...wow.I love musicals so it should be no surprise that I loved the show, but my husband couldn't care less for them and even he loved the show!  He even wanted to buy the CD on the way out.  WHAT!?!  Where is my husband and what have you done with him?The women weren't nearly as strong as the men in their singing or acting, but what the heck, the men carried the show.  The story is about the guys anyway.Would I recommend this over the Cirque du Soleil shows (of which I've seen 4 iterations of)?  YES.
5	Best show I've seen in Vegas.  The lady who let us in also bumped us up to the 5th row, which was incredible.  Thank you whoever you are!The show itself is amazing.  I disagree with Danni H.; I thought the stage was excellent.  I liked the sparsity of the stage, and how they managed to make it work with every scene; it definitely took a lot of choreography and planning to get it to work so smoothly.The songs were very good, and you almost want to get up and start singing along, but PLEASE DON'T.  A woman sitting right behind us did that during the show, and thank goodness she moved to the side because she almost ruined it for everybody.  The actors were brilliant.
5	Awesome show!!!!!  It was totally worth the dough you have to shell over.  An added bonus for the usher who upgraded our seats for free... and we had a party of 10!I have to admit though, I had no idea who the Four Seasons were.  I went into the show dragging my feet because I had never heard of these guys.  To my shocking pleasure, I knew all the songs.  I thought the dudes who sang those songs were black, I didn't know they were white Italian guys.Anyway, that's beside the point.  The show was great and it had a lot of humor.The only downside was the bathroom at this venue... It's a single stall!  It's very difficult for 87 women to pee during a 7 minute intermission with only 1 toilet.  Just don't drink anything and it will be a breeze.
5	YES! I loved Jersey Boys! Frankie Valli and The Four Seasons were the first people I ever saw live in concert, in San Diego at the county fair (it's a pretty big fair that attracts decent acts), so I jumped at the chance to see Jersey Boys.The lighting was incredibly brilliant. My brother and I agreed that this was the best use of lighting in any live show we'd seen, and we are both musical fanatics.What a great cast! Did you know that there are only THREE women playing all of the parts in the show? They do a great job! I had no idea!I saw this show in San Diego before seeing it in Vegas, and my only criticism was that the guy who played Frankie seemed like his voice was a little tired, and somewhat pitchy. Still, the music was top-notch, as was the choreography. The guy who played Bob Gaudio was the same guy who played him in the traveling version that came through San Diego. Watch for him; he's excellent! If you can see ONE show in Las Vegas, make it Jersey Boys.
5	Great show.  Lots of neat trivia about the group.  Good music and lots of energy in the cast.  Just a fun show to watch.  5 stars and two thumbs up.
5	I think I've been singing all Four Seasons songs since I got back from watching the show over two weeks ago.  A definite must-see in Vegas.  The show was just so entertaining and even I felt like getting up and singing and dancing along with them.Tickets are pricey but I paid the lowest amount for a top row seat and got there early enough for them to upgrade our tickets to a lower section still in the balcony.  At least it helped us move down about 5-6 rows and in the center.  The seats up there are just as good so don't bother spending double your money in the orchestra section if you can help it.This is a show that everyone will like and you'll recognize a lot of the songs, even if you're like me and never really knew who this group was that sang all the good oldies.  Even my hubby, who hates musicals, woke up in time and enjoyed the show.  Good thing I didn't waste my money on his ticket!
5	I really would not consider myself a fan of this type of music, but, dang, I was loving every minute of this production!  I still don't really like the genre, but would go back in an instant!  Fantastic job and a fun storyline keeps it rolling right to a really great ending.
3	Not quite what I would call 5 stars. The music and production is fine, the performances are spot on, but its not quite for everyone. If you didn't grow up listening to the music, I don't know how it could be a five star event for you. that said, it's still very entertaining, extremely well executed and fun. It's not a knock out punch like Love or KA, but it's very much worth the price. If you're not a fan of the music, check out Love, Blue Man or KA before giving this a try, those shows have a wider appeal, better sound and sight lines. After that-- definitely worth giving this a try. Interesting and lively east coast crowd was there when I saw this. Dedicated cast!
5	I didn't really know much about the story other than it was a story about 4 guys. I took the boyfriend for a vday event. We both loved it! The songs were fabulous. The acting was wonderful. The music and story went together seamlessly. We wanted to hear more of the music after the show was over. It's probably the only broadway quality show in vegas. It definitely has a different feel from the cirque du soleil shows. I would highly recommend it. This cast are true artists.
5	Simply outstanding - the best show in Vegas, period.  I took my wife to see it on Valentine's Day and had been debating between Phantom of the Opera and Jersey Boys.  I couldn't have been happier with my choice :)
5	Oh! Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes.........WooHoo!  Awesome! Spectacular! Fantastic! Amazing! Incredibly Good Show!!!  I knew it was going to be good but it was sooooo much better.  You must see this show.  I left the theater so happy!  This is one of those things that really strikes something inside of you.  As if you didn't know.... this is the story of Frankie Valli and The Four Seasons, I didn't realize they had that many hit songs or that they sang those particular songs.  I will definitely see this musical again.  This is a must see, please do yourself the favor and experience Jersey Boys.  You will not be sorry!  Brilliant!  I give it 10 stars! yay!:)
5	I love when I see positive reviews and I love it even more when I TOTALLY AGREE! This is my first time reviewing a performance and it's just so different from a food review. Usually with a restaurant, you can spell out every single detail but you just can't do that here so I'm just going to touch on a few things. This show was just so enjoyable from the amazing acting to the great music! There are so many shows in Vegas that it gets hard to pick which one to see. I know Cirque de Soleil shows are always popular. The ones I saw Love (just okay) and Mystere (very good) were interesting enough but what REALLY does it for me is a great story. Jersey Boys definitely delivered and I'd pick a great musical over a Cirque de Soleil show any day of the week. I'm going to say that Jersey Boys almost had elements of an "E! True Hollywood Story" but done musical style and live & right in front of you. Going into the show, I didn't know much about the story. Some famous music group from Jersey right? I learned that it's based on the 1960's group "The Four Seasons" who had amazing hit songs everyone has heard probably hundreds of times but didn't realize or know it was them like "Can't Take My Eyes Off Of You", "Sherry" and "Big Girls Don't Cry." If you still don't recognize, go youtube it right now! This isn't a fairy tale where there are only minor problems and everyone is amazingly happy at the end. You can feel the real life flaws of these men but also the loyalty and love they had for each other and the music. You will leave singing the songs and reliving the story in your mind for years to come. Everytime you hear one of their songs, you'll not only know which group originally sang it but the heart and soul, the sweat and tears that MADE this group. Enjoy!
4	I need to confess something.  I saw Jersey Boys twice in the span of three weeks.  Once in Chicago and again 3 weeks later at the Palazzo.  Thanks to my aunt we scored cheap tickets to the show, and once we got in the usher moved us down a section for better seats.  So the seats were better and cheaper than what i paid in chicago.  Weird huh?This production is top notch.  The songs are great - i'm more of a "Cry for Me" and "Let's Hang On" guy, but the crowd popped big time for "Cant take my eyes off of you" and "Sherry".  Can't blame them though, those songs are awesome as well.  My one complaint is that the singing voice for Tommy Devito was not what i hoped.  He sang "Earth Angel" in a very halting, stocatto manner; almost ruining the song for me.  That song needs to be a little smoother and not as syncopated as he sang it.  One difference between this show and chicago - the actors can smoke on stage.  And it does make a difference.  I like the chicago smoking ban, but seeing the actors putzing around with a lighter and/or toothpicks was weird.  Smoking is an important part of one of the scenes, and i noticed the script change right away.  This is not a for/against smoking ban rant, just saying i noticed a difference.My dad couldn't stop watching youtube clips of the show the next day.  This was his music growing up and as he was in a band back then, he sang these songs also.  Great trip down memory lane for him.  All in all, a great show, i'd go see it for a 3rd time.
1	Saw it in New York and Vegas. Have to say that the Vegas show could not light a candle to the NYC show. What could be more frustrating than a bunch of kids from Oklahoma trying to fake a Jersey accent and East Coast mannerisms. Sorry. My advice. See it in NYC.
5	THE BEST SHOW IN VEGAS.  I saw it twice in one week.  it was that good.  I want to see it again.   I want to take everyone I love to see Jersey Boys....well, I drive everyone I love crazy with the soundtrack!  If you're trying to decide on a show....pick Jersey Boys.  OMG...it's so good. I thnk I'm going to go buy some tix myself now.....
5	Warm up your vocal chords and get ready to sing!  You won't be able to help yourself when seeing this musical. So I have to admit to being a fan of this genre.  "The King and I", "Sound of Music", you name them - I love them!  Some of the more modern shows are favorites as well, but not many leave you wanting to quit your job, slick back your hair, and get on stage!  Music is great and the story moves quickly.  The characters are fun and you feel like you have gone back in time to Jersey.  We ended up getting our tickets at the 1/2 price ticket stand near the MGM.  Half price - NOT, but we did save a few dollars.  We went to the hotel box office and were given front row loge seats.  Only problem - they weren't wheelchair accessible.  No problem!  The usher quickly phoned down and got us even better seats at no extra charge.  Great seats, center stage, next to the sound booth.  This one is worth the money!  Even if you are not a fan of this type of music, you will walk away having enjoyed a few hours of escape.
5	SUPERB!  Only word I could think of to summarize this show...The vocals on those boys were outstanding, especially the young man portraying Frankie Valli.  In fact, I noted that there is one guy performing in a bunch of shows and another in a few of the evening ones...i can see why based on the vocals alone.  To be able to hit those high notes EVERY darn show...WOW...I'd need to rest my throat and lungs too!  Kudos to the performances.You'll know all the words to the songs and the way they break down the story is ingenious: 4 Seasons...Summer, Fall, Winter, Spring...all narrated by a different group member.  So you get to see 4 different perspectives regarding how the group was formed.  Brilliant.Also, they say the show isn't recommended for those under 12...just a note...a whole lotta "Fuck," "Shit" and "Assholes" are more than muttered...and every other word.  So if you have someone with you with sensitive ears...be forewarned.  But hey...they're JERSEY BOYS...that's how they talk!Great show, worth the money, you feel like you're on the east coast and part of history.
5	Absolutely loved this show.  It was the first real musical I've been to and I had a great time.  I was a little confused at the beginning, but it all made sense after the first couple minutes.The singers and band did such a great job, I was captivated the whole time.  I couldn't believe the sound coming out of the guy playing Frankie Valli.I loved it so much I bought the CD on the way out and I'm still bumping "Sherry", "Big girls don't cry", "Walk like a man" and "Can't keep my eyes off of you" in my car and at the gym.  I just have to be careful not to go into falsetto while pumping some iron.  I guess that's not too manly...
5	The show was excellent and well worth the money they charge for tickets.  By the end of the show, everyone's head is bopping back and forth and you can tell that if they removed the seats in the theater, everyone would start dancing.  Would recommend for older folks who grew up in the 60's, for middle age folks like me (30 something), and for those in their 20's. (too much cursing for little ones)  In the end, everyone knows the music and now you know the story too. (I mean who knew Joe Pesci had a part in putting this group together.) Go see it!
5	I have not seen this show at the Palazzo, but I saw it 3 times with the touring company in Los Angeles at the Ahmanson.  I had the same Bob Gaudio (Erich Bergen), Frankie Valli (Rick Faugno), and Tommy DeVito (Devin May)--each play their roles very well and have amazing vocals to compliment it.Although I didn't grow up with this music, I have always loved it.  The first time I saw the show, I was completely blown away.  The storyline is done so well seamlessly interlaced with the music--it's amazing!  Because I was ranting and raving about it so much, both my boss and sister got me tickets to go see the show again!My family came with me the 2nd time, and my dad who usually falls asleep in EVERY show or movie, actually managed to stay awake throughout the entire thing!  At the end, he even said "That was a very good show!"If you enjoy musicals and hearing the songs of Frankie Valli and The Four Seasons, this is a MUST SEE!  This show has received 5 stars from everyone who has seen it, I promise that it will meet and exceed all your expectations.  I have been to many many musicals, and this one takes the cake!
2	I know tons of people loved this show but I thought it was horrible.  I know the songs are spot on, the music was decent for impressionists, but that's all this show is.  The set was like something out of an elementary production.  It seems like all the female parts are played by only three women, with bad wig and costume changes over and over again.  The show also drags on for what seemed like forever.  Go see it if your really old and like that kind of music and enjoy only hearing the chorus of your favorite songs.  Anyone else I'd say don't waste your time and money.
4	(Falsetto) - " Sherry. Sherry Baby .Sherry. Sherry Baby . Sheeeeeery  Baaaaby. Sheeeery Won't you come out tonight"Who doesn't like Frankie Valli And the 4 Seasons? This type of music is timeless and any one who has good taste would appreciate it. Backed by several  Tony awards this show kicked Broadway ass! Once you survive the first fifteen minutes it gets better, I promise. The show ran a little bit over 2 hours and I did not even notice it. It is a musical biography of the group and how they got started. The format was interesting and different. The cast was great and they all had to be versatile. The music was awesome but no one can be Frankie Valli, he is irreplaceable. However, the vocalists did a terrific job with their songs. This show is exceptionally good. Bravo!
5	Absolutely amazing!I tried seeing this in New York when I was there but it was sold out for months.  I was definitely bummed but quickly became ecstatic when I found out it was playing at the Palazzo.We did have the understudy Frankie Valli, but he was definitely a good replacement.  All the singers were absolutely amazing.  I was so captivated when everyone sang.  The scene with the daughter then moving into "Fallen Angel"...damn I couldn't hold back the tears.I laughed, I cried, I sang along...what more could you ask for?I was obsessed with Frankie Valli and the Four Seasons before the show, and now I'm still obsessed.
5	Hands down the best show I have ever seen.  Disclaimer: I dislike/dispise musicals.This was just the best show I've ever seen.  Two days before watching this I enjoyed Penn & Teller a great deal over at the Rio.  I hoped the Jersey Boys would be an even bigger show....and I was right.I had front row seats in section one with my girlfriend.  Which meant, only two seats in the row.  Nobody next to us, even though we did have loud, obnoxious jewish women behind us.  The performance from all the actors including the minor performers were absolutely great.  Frankie Valli and The Four Seasons have made awesome music, but when it's mixed with great acting in a show atmosphere you can expect something as good as this show.Screw all the Cirque Du Solei shows, they can't hold a candle to this show.  I'd even recommend this over Penn & Teller and I'm a huge fan of their show and work.  I hope the touring cast can do as well as the Las Vegas cast, because they are coming to Boston in July-September.
5	This was by far the best show I have ever seen.  It was held at the Palazzo and I sat in the front row with my bf. Excellent seats...minus the obnoxious women behind us.  I was impressed with the agility of the performers and the voice of the main star was incredible! This show will definitely keep you on your toes with the suspense, humor, and musical numbers. It was unbelievable how quickly they changed sets and clothing between scenes. This is a must see if you visit Vegas or any one of their other venues. I will absolutely be seeing this again when they come to Boston!
5	Spectacular show.The music and the story of Frankie Valli and the 4 Seasons was awesome.Make sure you pay attention to who their friend Joey Fischer is.  Haha...."who knew??"Go see it.Now.Do it.Letter grade:  A+
5	My Favorite Show in Vegas.  The music is amazing. The music is incredible. If you already like the Four Seasons  you will love it. If you don' know much about them you will love them by the end. Such a great show, old school. You won't be disappointed.  I loved it the first time I saw it and them went with my entire family and they all loved it.Best show you could see for your money.  The Palazzo parking lot is a million times better than the Venetian parking lot too.  Oh What A Night!
5	This is the best show I've seen in vegas. I'm not really old enough to have known this band but coming here and hearing all the songs I heard as a kid when my parents were driving was great. awsome show. recomended for everyone
4	Saw this in Vegas and it was an AWESOME show! I loved the live music, the singing, and the acting was superb.  I HAD to buy the sound track as soon as I left the theater.  Great story and you get to find out the stories behind their songs.  It was wonderful.  Highly recommended.
5	If you are considering seeing this show, I would highly recommend it.  The performance the cast puts on is top notch.  The music is great, as is the story.  I typically am not the type to go see this form of show, but Jersey Boys has converted me.  I would love to see it again.
2	the music was good, but didn't knock my socks off.There are TONS of tickets - so no need to rush out and get them in advance - decide the day before or morning of, and get tix from your hotel concierge.A few good songs, if you are from that era - but I didn't recognize most of them.  The best set (or most interesting) was the last one in the first half, when you had the perspective of being on stage with them-that was pretty cool.It wasn't really much of a story; the plot was more like a second thought used only to link the songs together.  Maybe I am just not a broadway person, but it's hard to get into stage overdramatics.I found the choreography very repetitive, but then again that's probably the case with groups.The audience tended to comprise mostly older folk (50+) who I assume are more familiar with the music.
5	LOVE this musical! I saw it on Broadway first but the Vegas cast is amazing as well! I'd come back to see this for sure! you'll know the music once you hear it. It's such a feel good show!
4	A pleasant surprise. Had some friends in town last weekend. I always let them choose the show though i try to push them towards the Cirque shows - i wasn't very convincing this time as they insisted on Jersey Boys. The music might be a generation before me but i have fond memories of my parents listen to the four seasons ( to this day i still belt out an occasional Englebert Humperdink song at karaoke - my parents fav singer - those songs are ingrained into the melon ! ) Anyways, back to Jersey, i thought the music was very good, the storyline was decent, the seats very uncomfortable especially having to get up 2-3 times to let a geriatric couple hit el bano. Would i go back ? no, but it was a nice change of pace.
5	The Good: My favorite musical.  Awesome performers make the best production.The Bad: I just didn't like my seats.  Next time, I'll definitely sit in the orchestra.Try: getting orchestra seats.  Worth it!Don't Try: watching the show during the weekdays.  I just expect them to really bring it on the weekends.
5	This is a great show, the cast was able to sing the Four Seasons songs very well, and this is not easy considering how high of a range Frankie Valli is able to reach. The story of of the Four Seasons is a very interesting one. I knew I would like the songs in the musical but I did not know if the story of the Four Seasons would be very interesting but in fact it is, a very nice suprise. Also the way the story is presented is very good, each of the Four Seasons narrate at some point and tell things from their perspective. If you like the Four Seaons music and a good story it is well worth the money.
5	I've seen a many a musical and many a Vegas show - from Wayne Newton to the Beatles LOVE - but this one puts them all to shame - as far as a Vegas musical goes this incredible show is at the top.From the performers to the presentation it's easily the best show in Vegas all around. Memorable songs, a great story - worth every dollar - and you don't need to go for the best seats - in fact, left or right of center and about the tenth/twelveth row up gave us a better view of a the action than anything in the first ten rows - being back really gives you a chance to take it all in - and you want to see the WHOLE show/stage. We paid good money but didn't have to break the bank for amazing seats. (check out 1/2 price tickets locations on the strip - there's one at the m&m store across from NY NY.) Also make sure to check out the piece of cement Frank Sinatra signed on your way out of the theater... awesome! You DO NOT have to be a fan of the music or the time period to enjoy the show!)Go see this show!!!
5	Some reviews have said that the show isn't as enjoyable if you didn't grow up with the music, but I don't agree at all.  Besides, I'm not sure I'd be able to take "Journey: The Musical" seriously anyway.  The fact is, I wouldn't pay a dime to watch Frankie Valli play live, but I go see Jersey Boys any time I'm in Las Vegas.  They keep the show moving at a pretty good pace and did a pretty good job of melding a story with the songs (which is really what a musical is all about).  One criticism is that they have a new Bob Gaudio (Peter Saide) who wasn't all that great.If you haven't seen it yet, go see it.  I don't think you'll be disappointed and I'm only sometimes wrong.
5	"Oh What  A Night..." ...And it definitely was superb night watching Jersey Boys!  Absolutely, one of my favorite all time musicals I've ever seen.  This one is definitely up there with Phantom of the Opera, Avenue Q and Wicked as being my favorites.  I've seen a good number of Broadway Musicals, and by far, Jersey Boys has been the most entertaining, exciting, and heart-felt.   After all, it's the story of the real Four Seasons, the extraordinary music group of the 1960s.  So you can be sure the heart of the musical is all real! I had the pleasure of watching Jersey Boys with my family during our stay at the Palazzo.  My folks are born and raised here in the US, and they are big fans of the Four Seasons.  So it's no doubt, I heard a lot of their music growing up as well.  Before I was able to establish my own tastes in music, I listened to their favorites...the Oldies!Had it not been for this historical musical of the Four Seasons, I would've never known the background to their rise and fall in the music industry.  Most folks associate Frankie Valli as being the leader of the group as he undoubtedly has the voice of all voices, and has the ability to change the tone of his voice in a variety of different pitches.  This musical gives rightful recognition to all of the original members of the group, and not just Valli.  Tommy DeVito, the bad-ass backbone of the group; Nick Massi, responsible for the groups vocals and preparation of voices; and Bob Guardio, the man behind the majority of the songs and hits of the Four Seasons.  The members of the Four Seasons are just average Joe's.  You learn of their past history before they became famous with the group. And appreciate what it means to come from nothing, and end up with your Dreams! The four actors playing the original Four Seasons, played their parts perfectly.  Rick Faugno's performance of Frankie Valli was awesome, as his singing voice was extremely close to the actual Valli.  It seems as all of the actors were cast perfectly to play to original Four Seasons...Devon May, Jeff Leibow, and Peter Saide. The Vegas Cast of Jersey Boys was awesome.  I've listened to the Original Broadway Cast's version of the musical, and by far, in my opinion, the Vegas Cast knocks the OBC out of the water. We had perfect seats, 7 rows away from the stage in the VIP Orchestra section.  So you can beat your ass we hashed out a good deal of money!  No regrets! The seats were amazing--soft, comfortable and lots of leg room. With the combination of Broadway stage Musical, and the most awesome ground-breaking decade in music--1960s--together, the story of the Four Seasons comes alive in an energetic, heart-felt, way.  The mesh of music and story never came together so beautifully!  Never once in my history of watching musicals, have I ever sat the entire length of the performance, in a big huge  S M I L E.  Thank you dear Vegas Cast of Jersey Boys!
5	"I love you baby, and if it's quite alright I need you baby"....I loved this show!  The music was awesome, the kind of fuzzy, happy feeling that almost gets you choked up!  Highly recommended for all ages!
5	This show was the absolute best part of our recent trip to Vegas. Absolutely loved this show! The lead was amazing - his voice was such a trip. Standing ovation at the end. Incredible show - don't miss it.
5	One of the best shows I've ever seen. Jersey Boys is incredibly well written and the narrative flows as smoothly as the voices of the Four Seasons themselves. The easily recognizable tunes come brilliantly interwoven within a fast-paced and enjoyable journey through the life of Frankie Valli and his rise to fame.This show is low budget in a good way. I actually found this to be refreshing. In a city of high-tech razzle dazzle Cirque spectacles, Jersey Boys has a simple stage, but the scene setups and transitions show great creativity and imagination. It is a perfect complement to the show's outstanding script and the voice talent that brings it to life.Overall, Jersey Boys is a fun night out for most ages. I say "most" because there is quite a bit of foul language involved.
5	Possibly the single best entertainment on the Strip, the Broadway musical framing the music of the Four Seasons around their story adapts excellently to Vegas, with a top-notch production. Even if you don't know the music already, I'd think you'd be hard pressed not to be entertained. It's light enough, gritty, funny, and wise at the same time. One thing to note is that it contains a fair amount of salty language, making it not entirely appropriate for the kids--too bad, because the music certainly is.
5	AWESOME SHOW!  My wife and I attended this show on an invite from our boss (free tix).  We had an open mind going into the show because the Four Seasons were a bit before our time.  All I have to say is "WOW!"  We were so glad we saw this show.  Each character's performance was flawless and man what a voice on the kid playing Frankie ... all of them really.  We recommend this show highly.  Even if you are not a huge Fankie Valli & the Four Seasons fan, you will find this show extremely pleasing.
5	This was my wife' s birthday present. More her type of music than mine but what a fabulous show!  Costumes, set design, story, sound, familiar tunes and great music. A wonderful show.  I missed the end of the Saints/Vikings game but I still enjoyed the evening.
5	Oh what a night...!  Ha!  Fantastic, seriously, what a hell of a show this was.   I heard a lot of Frankie Valli and The Four Seasons growing up, but I learned that I am far FAR more familiar with them than I ever thought!  I knew and enjoyed every single song.  Seriously, I was not unfamiliar with a single one, thanks mom!  This show is one for almost all ages... I would say 14 to 105.  They allow 12 and up, but I'd say it's far more appropriate for 14+.   Loads of swearing and a short scene of sexual references with scantily clad woman.This two hour and ten minute show flew by!  I was sad when it was over!  I missed the production when it hit Chicago, so I was glad to catch it tonight in Vegas!  It was amazing, I was born in 1980... but I felt as though I got the chance to see a real Frankie Valli and The Four Seasons concert!   Travis Cloer WAS Frankie Valli, he just was... I clearly do not remember Frankie Valli in his prime, but I certainly feel like I do now!  Fantastic cast, every single one of them!   I'd see Jersey Boys again and again.
5	I really enjoyed this. I thought it was cute that a lot of people were singing along, specially old people but I saw people of all ages singing along. I think this show appeals to a broad audience...even younger generations who think they dont know them but actually do- so many of their songs have been used in movies and remade by bands. Everyone knows at least one of these songs. I don't think though really young kids/teens would enjoy this, but then again I just observe that a majority of teens now are apathetic about everything unless theyre an old soul like me...I love the old stuff. This is a feel good show!  I never knew their story and it was interesting to see the background of how certain great songs were created. Frankie was the star so I didnt really know much about the other guys except for Bob Gaudino who still produces music today and is awesome.The guys who were the Frankie and the Seasons were very spot on with their voices- it sounded like them! Rick was very authentic sounding...it was just like Frankie.  It was such a strong performance throughout specially since this is a long production I give them kudos for belting it out! Band was on too and acoustics in this theater are nice...not much sound vibrations disturbing the performance. Audience was "Beggin'" for more. It was a really fun night and worth going. I worked a double shift and then went to go cut/donate my hair to surprise the BF then shopped/ate to pass time instead of going home.... I walked to Venetian for the show and was so tired...I perked right up after the show got going and forgot how tired I was. Best of all- we watched this for free (hehe dem Venetian team member hookups) but I would pay full price and definitely will try to get my parents to see this- I think my stepdad would love it.
5	What a delightful show!  The actors, especially "Frankie" have amazing voices, I was blown away at how much he sounded like the real deal.  Despite the lengthiness, running at almost 2 1/2 hours, I walked out with a shit eating grin on my face.  It's the story of Frankie Valli (Valli with an i - not a y) lol, and the Four Seasons and how they came to be famous.  It's all the songs you know and some extra ones.  They curse up a storm, so if you're offended with the "F BOMB" you may want to reconsider going.  It's just what the title says, several boys from Jersey makin' it big.  The line into the theater was kind of strange, when you get your tickets, you have to wait in line until they open the theater, but you're in the casino walkway & next to Grand Lux Cafe entrance, I felt out of place.  Not planned too well.But it's an awesome show!!  :D
5	This was a great show! A lot of great songs we all know and love with an amazing story.I bought the CD of the Broadway Cast recording when I left, and I preferred the Vegas casts' performance.
5	I would list off all the superlatives I know, but I think my vocabulary simply doesn't do this show justice.Voices were amazing; if you can appreciate great singing, this is THE show to see. A superb, 6-star performance that had me spellbound from beginning to end.
5	My girlfriend and I have heard that this show was really good and have wanted to see this for months. I finally saw it two days ago when she surprised me with tickets. This show is awesome! Everyone knows this music, but I'm sure there are people like me who didn't know the story of the 4 seasons. This show has great music, a great story, and comedy. The show is over 2 and a half hours long, but it is so entertaining that you won't notice the time go by.A lot of people in the audience were clapping and singing along since they knew most of the songs. Go see this show, you will not be disappointed.
5	After watching Jersey Boys 39 times in SF, Chicago, Broadway, and now Las Vegas, they did an excellent job casting the Las Vegas company, especially seeing familiar faces I've had the pleasure of meeting during the infancy of the musical.  A few company members in Vegas (Deven and Rick) also transferred from the 1st National Tour and the Original Broadway Cast (Travis). and are experienced players with the Jersey Boys.Its not the jukebox musical that the critics deem it to be nor is it your run of the mill B'way musical.  It's based upon a real life story of 5 friends (Joe Pesci included), life growing up in New Jersey, real people (rock and roll hall of famers) and real music.  The story is captivating especially for those who only know the Four Seasons from radio airwaves and songs in movies.  Getting to know the young Frankie Castellucio (Valli), Bob Gaudio, Tommy DeVito, Joe Long, Joe Pesci and Nick Massi through this musical is what familiarizes the public with the group and their music.Being fortunate enough to have met the Original Broadway Cast, Original Four Seasons (RIP Nick Massi) and members of various  Jersey Boys companies throughout the US is a once in a lifetime experience for any fan of this award winning musical, but getting to know them on stage in character is what we fill the theatres for anyways.  I highly recommend this and any other Jersey Boys company playing in the US and Worldwide.  You will not be disappointed and you'll cry, laugh, sing and dance throughout the entire experience!  Enjoy!
5	Oh! What a night! This musical really makes me wish I was part of the 60's. I was tempted to sport a beated-leather jacket and buy some grease to slick my hair back after the performance. The Jersey Boys are timeless and their contribution to the music industry makes me feel ashamed of what the 80's, 90's and the present have to offer (with a few exceptions like Michael, Madonna, Peppers etc.) I wont get into the debate of which generation is greater but let's just say that Frankie Valli and company made the 60's cool! To sum it up, the production is well worth the price of admission. Your 2 hours will really fly by when you get drawn into the music, plot, costumes and transitions. Like Valli sang, "You're just too good to be true. Can't take my eyes off of you."
5	This was a lovely show. So many songs were really familiar as 'oldies,' but I'd had no idea that The Four Seasons were responsible for all of them! I agree with Cassie J. in ranking the show up there with shows like Wicked, Hairspray and Avenue Q. (at least the San Francisco productions...hehe).A must-see if you go to Vegas and are into musicals at all.
3	Great show! Fun, captivating, and filled with good music performed by spectacular performers. If you haven't been benumbed by dozens of Broadways and/or are a fan of Franki Valli & The Four Seasons' music, you'll definitely have a blast! It doesn't fall into my top 10 Broadways, but it's still one of the boy's top 3 all-time favorites!
5	5+++++++++++++ stars....Best show that I ever saw.  If you close your eyes, you think that Travis Cloer IS Frankie Valli.  Scene Stealer Deven May was AMAZING at Tommy DeVito and Peter Saide made an awesome addition to the cast as Bob Gaudio. I sang, I laughed, I cried.  This is the must - see in Vegas.  The venue was perfect without an obstructed seat in the house.  (We were in the 2nd row on the stage left side - and while we had to lift our heads up a little bit, it wasn't bothersome) The props and the sound was perfect.  And it was super awesome that I met the actors afterwards.  Super sweet guys and took the time to talk to their fans.
4	Oh this was fun!  Driving in a taxi from the airport to the hotel I noticed on one of the MANY billboards an ad for Jersey Boys.  I wanted to see this when in was in SF but it was a short stint and I never got around to it so I thought I'd see if we could get tickets.  A trip downstairs to our concierge and *snap* great orchestra seats!  Another Vegas theater where adult drinks and snacks are allowed (me thinks the SF theaters should take note as these theaters were quite clean and seemed no worse for wear from food and drink).  We got to see the original Las Vegas Frankie Valli in our Sunday night show (fun since I remember seeing him on the Tonys not too long ago), and boy did he have a voice!  This was a really good show, great for guys who aren't always so excited for musicals since it had a little more "wiseguy" humor.  This is an adult show, they don't let children under 12 in and even when I picked up the tickets at will call the older couple next to me was being told about all the "foul language" so they wouldn't be offended.  Honestly it wasn't that bad but it is nice that they try to make people aware who might be offended.  I would definitely recommend this show to visitors to Vegas, high quality performance and high quality entertainment.  This show is not a gamble!
5	my ALL TIME favorite musical in las vegas!!!  i went to watch this with my family thinking it would be somewhat blah, but boooooooy was i wrong.  this musical really captured my heart.  i officially love frankie valli and the four seasons.  the singing was out of this world!  the acting was a home run!  and the dancing was spectacular!  it made me want to get up on that stage and join them.  seriously, this is pure talent.  i may be somewhat sheltered when it comes to theater and musicals, but this one was REALLY outstanding!  the next time i'm in vegas, i'm going straight to the palazzo to watch jersey boys again!!!
5	The show is really outstanding and a must see for  all you music lovers.The performers were awesome!It tells you about the history of how the musical group came about and the struggles they had to endure before becoming famous.The set was simple and yet has a art deco 60's themed feel to it.Would recommend.
5	I waited this long to see this show because I thought it wound be something like Mama Mia-a story built around great songs where the plot and the characters are under-developed but you still  think you had a great time because you were familiar to the melodies.  Jersey Boys was NOT like this at all.  It had a great plot (being that it was the story of the Franki Valli and the Four Seasons), and awesome character development, and of course the songs!   I saw it on a Saturday, 6:30PM show, and thought the guy who played Franki Valli was awesome.  I do have a couple of comments about seeing a musical in Vegas.  This is my first "Vegas" musical and what I did enjoy was I could bring my drink into the theater- awesome.  But what I did notice was that the ushers let late arriver in any time throughout the show.  All the plays and musicals I've been too, they usually wait after a song or scene and escort everyone at the same time. Totally bugger.  Also the cost was a little higher than I what I'm used to paying.  There was a Vegas Resident discount of $50 off Orchestra seating, but it still came out to $125/seat.  Anyway, I still enjoyed the show and would highly recommend it to anyone.
5	I was born in 1981...   i had no effin clue who frankie valle and the 4 seasons were.....   the show comes on and INSTANTLY im hooked...   being from new england, the eff bombs dropped every other sentence were like home for me... not to mention all of the music... people dancing in their seats.. and into the aisles during oh what a night...  this show is NUMBER 1 IN VEGAS.... hands down!   definitely hit this up!
5	It was GREAT!! The singing was Amazing!  I went in not knowing what the musical was about.  I still didn't know until 1/3 into the musical and they started singing songs that were familiar.  I was in awe-struck! You must see this musical.
5	Great show - it was better than I expected!  My fiance and I got a great deal at those discount ticket booths at Vegas, but even if I had to pay full price, it would be worth it - a must see!
5	This show was so much fun. I loved the story and this just has to be the best musical in Vegas. I want to see it again. And get the soundtrack
5	This was the best show I've seen hands down.We sat about 8 rows back from the stage in the center.If you decide to go try to be in this area.We sat next to a couple who'd seen the show 9 times and sat in different spots but preferred the seats in this area .Simply outstanding acting/singing.You'll be singing along....trust me ! Delmonico Steakhouse (Venetian....basically the same property) was a great way to get it all started.
5	5 stars for the most musically entertaining show in vegas. and i used to live here for 7 years.... the story of frankie valli and the four seasons is fast paced, comical, and in your face. the vocals were powerful, the song and dance choreographed nicely, and the music had everyone tapping their feet and singing along in their heads... and for the romantic ballads, many couples cuddled close like back in the day at the drive in...between this and mama mia, i enjoyed the music and story more with jersey boys... maybe its because its vegas, and it fits more of the old las vegas song style... but i recommend this show whole heartedly.
5	I'm so glad I FINALLY got to see this show! We bought mezzanine tickets because they were cheaper but before we got to our seats the usher directed us to better orchestra seats, just like that! We probably would have sneaked ourselves to closer seats because our Saturday evening show wasn't packed at all. If you haven't heard of Frankie Valli or The Four Seasons, there's still a chance you've probably heard of their songs. I had a fun time singing along to the songs, I wanted to get out of my seat and start dancing. I didn't really do it although that didn't stop one lady from doing so, it was pretty funny seeing her dance off beat.The cast was amazing! Travis Cloer, the guy who played Frankie Valli, got the falsetto spot on, it gave me goosebumps! If musicals are your thing, you must see this one!
4	This is a very enjoyable show.  Unfortunately, the plot starts out slow, and I'm not the biggest fan of the guy that's currently playing Bob. (according to locals, I'm not the only one)  Once you get into Frankie singing with the band and the story of Frankie Vallie, the polot picks up.  I know there are two people that play Frankie and I don't have my Playbill in front of me, but that guy can flat out sing.  Overall an entertaining show, but I still prefer Wicked, Phantom, and My Drowsey Chaperone based on Broadway traveling shows.
5	Even if you have no idea who Frankie Valli or The Four Seasons are, trust me, you know their music.  A great story and what a talented cast!  A whole lot of fun for everyone.  The only thing that makes it not perfect is that it does start out slow so give it a little time and you will love it.
4	So glad we were finally able to watch this, after hearing so much about it! We really enjoyed all the singing. SInce it was a Sunday night and the theater was not packed, we were able to get our seats upgraded complimentary.
5	I really didn't know who the Jersey Boys were, but a friend who watched it once before raved about it and would always sing "SHERRY SHERRY BABY!" all the time. Now I understand why! HAHA.I love the show! One of the best! Its really up there with 'O' Cirque De Soleil. Its fun, lively, amazing and you just cant help but dance/sing with them during and after the show! I highly recommend this show because you'll leave the show feeling happy and you get you money's worth.Now I know who the Jersey Boys are! I didn't realized that some of the songs they sang were by them! =)We bought 4 tickets with our military discount up in the balcony, but once we got there the usher had offered us free upgrade to closer seats almost up to the stage! THANK YOU!
3	Decided to see this show because of the 5 star average it has on Yelp, and how it is also highly rated on a few other sites.  I was wondering how a show about a doo-wop group could be so highly rated.  And while the show was fun, it didn't come close to what I would expect from such a high average.  More of a 2.5 star show.  The Jersey Boys story is pretty basic: musical group struggles, achieves success, in fighting leads to break up, professional/private life conflicts, they all come back together for a happy ending.  But what the show is really about is the music.  I'm in my 30's, so I'm familiar with many of these songs through their use in TV/Movies/commercials.  So it was nice to see them performed in their original design.  I was surprised that so many of these songs came from the same group.  The best parts of the show were when they sang the familiar hits.  So the first half was a little slow.  And while they do have a lot of hits, the whole doo-wop style of singing did get a little old.  The guy playing the lead singer Frankie Valli, does have a strong voice with wide pitch/tone.  It was impressive, but got annoying a few times during the show.  The high pitch delivery just doesn't have the same kind of appeal in today's music.  And while one of the reasons we chose this show was to see something other than another Cirque du Soleil show, these kinds of show can seem a bit bland when compared to the spectacle that come with any CdS show.  I was also surprised when I saw that JB is also one of the most expensive shows on the strip.  So while it was a fun song/dance show, I would only recommend it if someone likes doo-wop music, is tired of the CdS shows, and can get the tickets on discount.
5	My first ever show in Las Vegas. And could I've picked a better show than Jersey Boys at the theater inside the Palazzo?Earlier in the month, I made reservation for some crappy balcony seats for $80.00. I got my confirmation and the usual necessity(s) to ensure that I get in. After I left the Palazzo's ticket booth and after receiving my ticket, I asked the usher, "Where's my seat, punk?" (I did actually say that).He told me that tonight is my lucky night. The show was not sold out. So he changed the section on my ticket stub and direct me to Front Orchestra Section (section E), which face-value costed $150.00.When I got to my new seat, I was on the ground level and five rows away from the performing stage. The only downfault was that I was seated near some giant-ass speakers. But I'm definitely not complaining about the new seat.The show began with young and vibrant  Frankie Valli (played by Travis Cloer) teaming up with Tommy DeVito (played by Deven May), Nick Massi (played by Jeff Leibow) and Bob Gaudio (played by Peter Saide) to form one of the most notable musical bands of all time. The story began with the rise and fall of the band. The band performing at smaller venues to make their presence felt by singing one of their many greatest hits. Next, the conflicts and problems, which slowly leads to the departure of each of the original band members. Then, the tragic lost of Valli's daughter, which devastated him and leaving him lost. Finally, the reuniting return of the original four when they were inducted into Rock n' Roll Hall of Fame in 1990.    I'm not going too much more on one of Las Vegas hottest shows and let you see for yourself. You might never know; the show may not be sold-out and one of the kind ushers may redirect you to better seat(s). As a momento, I also bought their musical CD at the gift shop; located near the theater entrance.There are other shows and performances in Las Vegas, but Jersey Boys is by a landslide the best show. And I would definitely see the show again.
5	We first saw this show in Seattle several years ago and since we've been in Vegas I have taken friends to see it on occasion. It is the bomb. Love da show. Great energy, great music and a contemporary storyline. I would not however rec. the balcony seats. We bought them one time, when they were almost sold out and they were just plain nosebleed. Step up and spend the extra bucks for da betta seats..... after all you in Vegas baby. BTWProfanity does not offend me, but the people sitting next to us were pissed about the Fbombs and left early in the show. So if your ears are pristine, you might want to skip this fab show.
5	Great funny show, great music.  You will be amazed at how many classic songs these guys did.  Great staging.  This and and Phantom are the best shows that I have seen in Vegas.
5	love the show, it's really good. it's totally worth the price!  the songs stuck in my head after the show for a long time.
5	The cast of this Vegas show is phenomenal!  After seeing it twice now, I am so impressed with how they seem to give 100 percent to each show!  Dancing, singing, actting.....just great!  The tickets are not cheap, and the show is a bit longer than other Vegas shows.  However, it is a real treat! I love this show and highly recommend it!
5	OH, WHAT A NIGHT =)I am really not a broadway fan, but I loooove music from The Four Seasons and this show was spectacular!! It gave me warm and fuzzy feelings inside. The story behind their struggles and drama into the music industry and fame and behind their personal lives was captivating... SUCH a perfect performance! I got so excited recognizing the songs I hadn't expected... what I would give to come back and see it again!! "Bye Bye Baby" really put a tear in my eye!! AAHHHH SO GOOD :) I should have bought the soundtrack while I was there... oh well time to order online!I would definitely recommend this show to EVERYONE!
4	What a fun night at the theater! This show has it all ... Awesome music, great dancing, some hearty laughs, a few tears, and an interesting story delivered in a glitzy Broadway wrapping.We were happily surprised to have our seats upgraded from rear mezzanine to the front row due to the venue not being sold out ... WOW! We were so close, I felt like I was related to the performers. One star deducted for the outrageous ticket prices, which unfortunately is now corporate-greed-as-usual on The Strip.  Jersey Boys has the perfect vibe for Las Vegas, and I would recommend it to anyone looking for a good time on The Strip, without risking an STD.Bravo fellas ... BRA-Effin-VO!
5	"I love musicals except for all the singing and dancing" - Ralph FurleyIf you are a macho man like Mr. Furley and not a big fan of show tunes then you can surely appreciate Jersey Boys. You won't find any flashy but spectacular sets like Phantom or too much dancing like Moving Out. Instead you will find a simple story line: four Jersey boys dream of stardom, fame, fortune etc etc. The actors do a wonderful job singing like Frank Valli and the Four Seasons, no auto-tune here folks.
5	My girlfriend took me to this musical, and I had no idea what it was about. Little did I know that it's based on the true story of Frankie Valli and The Four Seasons. Their hits included "Sherry" (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G6h0Od2F1wk) and "Can't Take My Eyes Off You" (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PzpWKAGvGdA&feature=related).The musical started off a bit slow, but as it progressed, jokes were interspersed here and there, the story became more involving and suspenseful, ending with some of their best songs. The crowd (and we) cheered in standing ovation. It was GOOD!The lead singer playing Frankie Valli (Travis Cloer) sang really well, and the characters all were very convincing. I do not know if the real people they portrayed are that way, but it does not matter -- the acting was excellent and amusing to watch.Many props to the supporting cast. I went in not expecting much, and walked away happy and appreciating the Oldies more. The same was said from my friends.The theater was comfortable, the set very well-designed and fun. They even bumped us to the orchestra seats when there were openings, at no extra charge! We felt a bit odd, however, with us being the only persons in their early 30s among elderlies around us. We got lucky with the free seat upgrade.Good job, guys, with the musical!
5	Awesome show, great venue!
4	4.5 ... it was almost perfect ;-)I grew up listening to this kind of stuff because that was the type of cassette tapes (remember those?) that my Dad listened to. So I thought it would be fitting to take my parents to see Jersey Boys. It was AWESOME! I left the theater with a big smile on my face and singing Can't Take My Eyes Off You. I've heard a lot of these songs but never knew they were sung by the Four Seasons. And I've heard of Frankie Valli but didn't know the story behind the group. It was pretty interesting and not a bit exaggerated (heh.) Even though a median age of the audience was probably 52, I think people of all ages would enjoy this show for the story and talented singers alone.Note: dont get the "best" seats aka most expensive, you'll end up sitting close to the stage and looking up the whole time because you're below the stage, or you'll be to the far left of right of the stage and strain your neck trying to see what's going on. it's better to sit further back, center stage, then you can see all the action.the tickets...+ we got awesome discounted tickets from one of the Tix4Tonight stands the day before the show (awesome = cheapest)+ here's a coupon for -$2 the transaction fee at Tix4Tonight: http://www.tix4tonight.com/coupon.html+ we traded the vouchers in at the Jersey Boys box office for rear orchestra which should have costed more, heh heh and they gave me a few options* side note: if I was better prepared, I would've bought tickets on Vegas.com and used coupon code FACEBOOK for -$20 combo'd with Costco gift cards $100 for only $80 (20% off) http://shop.vegas.com/shows/showtimes2.jsp?show=1163the show...- we were told to arrive by 9:20 so the show could start promptly at 9:30 but it didn't start until closer to 9:50 (my mom thinks the cast had a bit too much holiday beer, I mean, cheer?)- the speaker system was kind of whacky and super loud the first half- what's up with the blinding-seizure-causing lights closing out the first half?!+/- 8-minute intermission = 4 people can go to the restroom haha there were so many people late for the second half+/- I didn't think there was that much profanity but maybe I'm just jaded. (There was one scene with a string of f-bombs haha.)I can't wait to order the soundtrack online. Don't be a sucker and buy it at the gift shop. It's Vegas, are you really going to go back to your hotel room and listen to? =D
5	This show's fantastic. I took my mom for her birthday as she's a big fan of the Four Seasons and musicals. This show was practically beckoning us.We didn't have the best seats in the theater, actually I think were in the very last row if I recall. I don't think there is a bad seat in the house. Despite our nosebleed status I had a perfect view of all the action and the acoustics in the theater are incredible as well. The performers are fantastic. They performed the falsetto flawlessly, which is always an impressive feat to me. I enjoyed every aspect of the stage production and look forward to going again in the future. I really scored bonus points with my mom for that gift.
5	If you're not a fan of Frankie Valli and the Four Seasons by now (honestly, what's wrong with you?) you will be after this show. The epic rises and falls of the iconic group will make you laugh,  tear up, and sing along. Jersey dialogue (& language) makes it a little iffy for kids, but adults will love the honesty & sarcastic humor.We bought the cheapest ($73) seats in the second to the last row up on the Loge, but when we got up to the usher, he quickly upgraded us to the orchestra floor. I think they do this when they have empty seats. It was an incredible free upgrade so we were really grateful for that. A FANTASTIC musical for fans and non-yet fans alike. One of the few non-Cirque shows on the Strip, but it was so interesting and the music alone will make you smile long after they take their last bow.
5	If the other reviews didn't convince you, i'm a twenty-something young professional who's never been into musicals.  Jersey boys is full of laughter, great music and for lack of anything else full of true, historic references about the four seasons and frank valli.  The whole play/musical takes you back to another era and place (50-60s) and yet still manages to  make the music very contemporary/relevant.  I can see why the crowd is older, but I highly recommend for younger people, it's really outstanding!
5	I hate Musicals, Ick, yuck, get me out of here, Phantom? Shoot me! Hair? Where's my arsenic pills?...but Jersey Boys was awesome!! I could actually understand everything they were saying and the plot was understandable. My slow mind was even able to follow it! The history lesson was entertaining and I might have learned a thing or two. Lots of swearing probably isn't good for the kiddies and the $8.00 beers aren't good for anyone, ha ha but otherwise this show is fabulous and whenever I score free tix again I'll be there for sure!!
5	Will Ferrell described it best in his movie The Other Guys:Ershon: How great is Jersey Boys?Gamble (Ferrell): It wasn't great..........It was FANTASTIC! You totally undersold it. The pageantry, the costumes....Wow, what a musical!It really was fantastic! Or maybe I should say FUN-tastic! I've seen quite a few musical and JB is one of my favorites. I've listened to these songs growing up....so to be able to sing along (in my head of course) during the musical made it that much more fun. And in the days after, I could not stop singing Big Girls Don't Cry :] Even the story behind Frankie Valli and the Four Seasons made it doubly fantastic and entertaining.
5	I don't do show reviews....but this one rocks. Just a great line up of music from Frankie Valli and the Four Seasons unbeknown to me. But what kills it is the storytelling. Great background and history of how the group came and went. Not just for the old folks.If you're forced to see a show (ie. no gamblings and drinking), then this one is your pick. Forget the cirque stuff.
5	An amazing show.   I'm still singing the tunes a week later.   Probably the best show on the strip.
5	"Sherrryyyyy.... Sherrrryyyyy Baby..." came on my Pandora this morning and I've been singing it all day. Then I started reminiscing about Jersey Boys, the BEST show on the Strip.I'll be honest. I didn't know much about Frankie Valli and The Four Seasons but as soon as they started performing all of their timeless hits like "Big Girls Don't Cry" and "December 1963 (Oh What a Night)" I was like, "Oh! So they sang these songs!" The entire production captivated me from beginning to end. Even my parents, who have short attention spans when it comes to musicals, loved the show and said it was the highlight of their stay in Las Vegas.The cast of Jersey Boys was simply brilliant. Everyone got on their feet and gave a standing ovation at the end. I laughed, I cried, I sang.... I don't see how anyone could not love this show!
5	One of the best shows I've ever seen!! How can you not love a show with old fashion music and New Jersey accents?!?!I was lucky enough to see this show for my anniversary courtesy of my guy. :) He got such fantastic seats too! I was super happy!I've always been a fan of the high pitched, oldies music and musicals in general. I could listen to it for hours. We were really lucky because the guy who played Frankie Valli that night was the headliner, the one you wanted to see. And seriously, he was AMAZING!!!! I fell in love with his voice then and there! What a talent! Simply amazing!The story was nonstop and the music went so well with each part of the story! I heard "My eyes adored you" that night and now it's one of my favorite songs. So beautifully and passionately sung!I think it is a good show for girls and guys. Not too girly, has some cussing and sexual inferences, but overall, the music will have you dancing in your seat. I was ready to sit up and shake it! heheDefinitely the best musical in Vegas!
5	Hands down the best show in Las Vegas!!
5	This was the second time I saw Jersey Boys and enjoyed it a lot!  I went to the early show tonight because an acquaintance, Travis Cloer, does the Frankie Valli part.The show was as fresh and alive as the first time I saw it.  I love the music, the story, and reminds me of the songs I played often when I was younger.  The show is high energy, past paced, and very well written.There is an 8 minute break just over an hour into the show which is a nice touch for Las Vegas shows.The graphics that fly in and out are great.  The brass players in the band are especially strong!  This is one Las Vegas show you should put on your short list if you haven't yet seen it!
5	I saw Jersey Boys at the Palazzo last week and it was one of the highlights of my trip.  I'd heard about musical years ago because my college a cappella group and other theater friends always raved about it, so I went in with high expectations.  The show did not disappoint: it was incredibly well-done and the cast did a fantastic job!I've had the songs from the show stuck in my head for days and I'm already thinking about the next time I'll be able to watch it live, which shows you how much I enjoyed it.  It's not as stereotypically "Vegas-y" as the cheesy magic shows, the showgirls or the billion Cirque Du Soleil shows around the strip, but I think it's better because of that.Some of my favorite scenes were the big Four Seasons numbers like "Sherry" and "Dawn" where they used videos to recreate what it felt like to be in the audience back in the 60's when they performed on national television.  Other than "My Eyes Adored You," which I loved, I was not a huge fan of the super slow ballads in the show, but that is just personal preference.  To be honest, I was a little lost during the beginning of the first act.  I've heard that production companies often trim down Broadway shows and speed them up when they move them to Vegas, and this might have been what caused the beginning to feel as frenetic as it did, but after a while the show got into a better groove.  Another issue I have with the show is that there really are no large female roles; the biggest solo a woman can have is the Angel's song "My Boyfriend's Back," and that one doesn't exactly showcase anyone's range.  But after all, the show is called "Jersey Boys" for a reason, and the men did not disappoint.The four leads that I saw are first-class talents: Travis Cloer as Frankie Valli, Deven May as Tommy DeVito, Peter Saide as Bob Gaudio and Jeff Liebow as Nick Massi are all true triple-threats.  As a singer that has trouble dancing and singing at the same time, I was amazed that the four guys could keep such tight harmony while not missing a beat on their choreography.Deven May started off the show on the right note and in my opinion, gave the strongest acting performance of the four leads.  His snarky and belligerent, but well-meaning Tommy was very believable and likable despite all of the problems the character has.  I could also tell immediately, from his very first sung phrase, that the guy can really sing and that he probably can do a lot more than what he is given to work with in this particular show.  It was no surprise when I found out later that he had played the lead in Bat Boy the musical.I must say, I was floored by Travis Cloer's voice during the "In the Mood for Love" scene when Bob first hears him sing: his control and range are very impressive and he is able to switch styles effortlessly, a difficult task for any singer.  I figured he might get tired throughout the show and was listening for signs of vocal strain, especially during all that falsetto, but he really held up incredibly well and acted the part too.  I found him more believable in the beginning/middle parts of the show than the end though...by the time "Fallen Angel" rolled around, I was a little over it, but that was more because of the writing of the show than his performance of the song, which I thought was very touching. I definitely left the theater with a little crush on Peter Saide's Bob Gaudio.  Sometimes he delivered his lines in sort of an affected way...at times he sounded spaced-out and I thought it might have been a deliberate character choice for him to speak like the way he did.  It was a bit distracting at first, but as the show went on I got used to it and it became a funny quirk that definitely helped him get laughs at the right points.  So if it was deliberate, it was definitely a smart move.  Later on when I read that he was Australian, it made a lot more sense.  His singing sounded a bit classical at times, which was a little jarring on some of the pop songs, but he had a lovely baritone voice and he carried his part of the show on the strength of his charisma.At first I didn't notice Jeff Liebow's Nick Massi at all.  However, it is a testament to Jeff's performance that this was the case, as the character feels like the "Ringo" of the group and is often sidelined during the drama experienced by the other three group members.  Jeff's quiet but volatile Nick gives us one of the funniest moments of the show in the second half when he has a comedic outburst directed at Tommy in the middle of an otherwise serious scene.  I wish Jeff were given more to sing alone though, as he has a really pleasing voice that doesn't get to shine during those moments where he sings those bass pick-ups ("Why don't you..." in Sherry, and "She said..." in Walk Like A Man).To summarize all of that, go and see this musical, and if you can, see it with these four guys because they are simply a joy to watch.
5	One of the finest shows I've ever seen, in my life! I've been to quite a few. These guys are ridiculously talented!I went to Jersey Boys with my mother a few months back. She's a retired music teacher and has always had a huge love affair with broadway shows. I think she's been to Phantom and Les Miserables about 20 times a piece if that tells ya anything. Last time my parents were in town we decided to check this show out after hearing all the hype.  We were not disappointed! The talent is overwhelming. I hope this show stays open with this exact cast as long as Vegas is still kicking. The show is a standard length musical, not a huge amount of dancing though. The story is fun to follow and you will fall in love with the characters, even though they all have many personality flaws in the story. Its a good representation of how life was back then, with the "billboard top 50" being the most important part of a starting musicians life.I would highly recommend this show! As has almost everyone else that has reviewed it.5 huge stars
5	Absolutely amazing!!  Took my wife and my mother to this show at the Palazzo.  It started a bit slow; however, it picked up steam as the show progressed.Of the 4, I thought the guy who was "Guadio" was the best singer.  The Frankie Valli singer was not too shabby at all.  Great character development over the course of the shows.  Of course, great songs like "Walk like a Man", "Oh What a Night", and "Can't Take my Eyes off of you".Highly recommend this show and we will return for an encore!
5	A great show.  The songs are still in my head days later!  It, of course, helps that the songs that are a big part of this show are songs you almost know and love by heart, no matter what generation you're from.  Interesting story, with many setbacks, and girl/family/money problems - part of the human experience. The theater was comfortable and a nice size for this show, and the staging and lighting was well done, with props coming from the top, under the stage, and sides.  Recommended.  Encore!
5	If you are in the "boomer" generation and see but one musical make it The Jersey Boys at the Pallazo in Las Vegas (or London for that matter!) We have seen both and fantastic! The story setting is mature but the production is magnificent!
5	I really enjoyed this show! I like how you get a program book when you walk in, free souvenir and it details the history of the show. If you love music then this is the show for you! I found myself singing along it was so awesome. How can you not love the oldies? Check it out!Sherry Who Loves You Rag Doll Working My Way Back To You Can't Take My Eyes Off Of You C'mon Marianne  Beggin' Big Man In TownDawn (Go Away) My Eyes Adored You December, 1963  Walk Like A Man Big Girls Don't Cry Fallen Angel
3	I'm going to go against the grain and not give Jersey Boys 5 stars. I don't know if I was unlucky and went on an off night, but the guy who played Frankie Valli fell flat sooooo many times on his notes! He does have an amazing and unique voice, but he must have been outdoing himself or something because his notes were flat and his voice cracked at one point during the show. He doesn't show much emotion when singing and just has this stoic face. The acting is great and the music is great, but I enjoyed Human Nature so much more than Jersey Boys. I'm pretty disappointed given how highly rated this show is... le sigh.
5	This my 2nd viewing of the Jersey Boys and I found them to be just as entertaining when I first saw them in San Francisco 3 years ago. You will be surprised at how engaging these young men are the minute they hit the stage. The show gets better as the story of the 4 Seasons unfolds. I would see it again. I have the music CD and the show never bores, everyone at the theater was singing along and feeling the vibe. Go see this show when you're in Las Vegas.
5	OMG OMG OMG!I think I've got a crush on all those cuuuuuuties! And I love what they did for my bf. He was serenading me all the way back to our hotel! The bf got these as a surprise anniversary present and I was super eggciteddd! He read from all the yelpers to buy the cheap seats and then when you get seated, ask one of the guys who work there if there are any better seats because it's barely ever a packed house. Check this: FOUR ROWS FROM THE FRONT! As boss as that was, I asked for the sixth row because it would have been to close for my comfort. NOT A PROBLEM. IT was definitely all that jazz!
5	I was pretty impressed with this show.   We purchased tickets at the Palazzo and when you sign up at their Player's Club, you'll be able to purchase the best seats for about $115 (Reg. $175).  The actors were great and the person who played Frankie Valli sounded almost just like him!  I enjoyed all the songs and esp when they sang "Can't take my eyes off you."  I would say that this show focused primarily on the music and story rather than the set (compared to Wicked and the Lion King)If your a fan of these infamous Four Seasons and Frankie Valli songs...you've gotta check this show out.  =)
5	"Pardon the way that I stare,There is nothing else to compare,The sight of you leave me weak,There are no words left to speak...."Amazing!!  We called Jersey Boys Box Office directly and got cheaper prices ($72) than those discounted ticket booth ($88)!  When we arrived, the usher offered us a free upgrade to the Orchestra seating! Free Upgrade? Seriously?  Awesome!!The show?  "...Can't take my eyes off of you, You are just too good to be true, Can't take my eyes off of you, You'd be like heaven to touch..."This is seriously one of the best shows in Vegas!  It was simply amazing!  There are no words to explain how amazing the experience was!  I loved the acting, singing, characters, staging, technology, music.... WOW! EVERYTHING WAS AWESOME!!  BEST SHOW IN VEGAS (next to "O")!!  Super thumbs up and toes up! =DSneak Peek from Tony Awards: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WM4fMmMq1S0Yes, I totally got the Jersey Boys soundtrack AND the Four Season's Best Hits!  Is it on repeat? You betcha!
4	Buy tickets the day before the show from tix4tonight.com or at the Casino Royale right next to the Venetian.  You'll save about $30.  Anyway, great show.  The first act is a little long.  The second act is perfect.  The performers are unbelievably talented and the music is recognizable and fun.  The theater is extremely cold, so wear long pants and bring a jacket.  There doesn't seem to be a bad seat in the house except being close to the stage.  The stage is elevated so you would have to tweak your neck back in order to see.  That might get uncomfortable.  We had great seats in the first row of the mezzanine section with no one sitting in front of us.  Highly recommend this show.
5	I am so happy we went and saw this show. It was wonderful! We were spending one night on the strip in celebration of my husband's homecoming from Afghanistan. We had no firm plans. After we were checked into our hotel I asked what he felt like doing. He said he was up for anything. He is not a show person and I quickly ruled out Phantom of the Opera. That left Jersey Boys or Blue Man unless we wanted to venture elsewhere to catch a show. I was being lazy and wanted to stay close to the hotel. My mom had seen Jersey Boys and had raved about it so I picked that one. We went to the 9:30pm show. We purchased the cheapest seats but ended up getting moved up to the priciest seating. Score! I have a medical condition that causes me to have unexpected bouts of extreme fatique and nausea. And I often cannot be up very late. As we were waiting for the show to start I suddenly did not feel well and felt like an idiot for booking tickets to a late show. I was sure we'd have to leave. But I was wrong. The show started and that was it. It is so fast paced and such an excellent and fun story that my mind was completely taken away from how crappy I was feeling. During the 10 minute break between the two acts, my husband asked if I was ok. He had been sure we'd have to leave at that point. I told him there was no way we were leaving. I was having too much fun. I was exhausted but there was no way I was not finishing that show. The woman next to us was crying during the entire performance and told us she remembers seeing The Four Seasons on Ed Sullivan and had all their albums. We did notice that much of the crowd was from an older generation. We're in our late 30s and were probably the youngest people there. But anyone, of any age, would enjoy this show. It is seriously a fabulous story and just really fun. I haven't stopped thinking about it since we saw it and I really hope to go again. It was worth staying up past my bedtime for. :-)Edited to add: My husband, who is not a show person, loved this show too.
4	Saw the show on a Tuesday night.  Bought the cheapest mezzanine tickets ($79) and was upgraded by the ushers to orchestra level row U along with everyone else on the mezzanine level.  Thanks for the tip from other yelpers!  Good show for a musical...or for older people who remember the songs...I'm in my 40's and only knew half of them. Blue man group is a better show if you haven't seen it already.
4	This show was very entertaining! A great story, told in a great way. Loved this singing. Usually hate musicals.
5	LOVED IT!! This was the last show that my husband and I went to on our trip to Vegas and we thought it was great! I would watch it again and the music was great!! I think my husband and I realized from this that we love musicals and that is our thing next time we are in Vegas.
4	this was good show.  in fact, it was a great show with just the right balence beetween music and the story line.  a must see for all, you do not need to be a 4 seasons fan, I was not.
5	Such a great show for any age!  Fun to sing along to, especially if you like oldies music.
5	First off, I want to say thank you so so so much to the yelp community... After reading these reviews I rolled the dice on the free upgrade, and guess what, IT WORKED! I bought 3 of the cheapest tickets I could find and go moved from like the last row in the place, to row T, bottom floor, center! Now, there were other people who got seated up top in our area that DID NOT get upgraded, so it really is a gamble, but this is VEGAS! I calculated that these reviews saved me $140, so thanks guys!!!Anyway, about the show, loved it (not in love with it though) that's what my girlfriend is for : ). The volume of music these guys had was unknown by me, and to be honest, I thought a lot of their songs were written by the Beach Boys... I was sorely mistaken!LIKES: The stage was simple yet useful for the performers, backdrops were similar to each other, but different enough to get the idea that the scene changed, volume was great, COMEDY made me laugh, and the singer(s) were all very talented not only vocally, but at playing their instruments and dancing!DISLIKES: The actors on stage had 3-4 occasions where their backs were to the audience... I learned that this is a big no-no from being in Drama shows myself in HS, but they did make it work. LANGUAGE!!!! Yes, its Jersey and that's how people talked back then, but I brought my mother who was really turned off by it... You can make your point that it was a rough neighborhood and tough people without using the F word about 50 times throughout the show. I also would have liked to have seen a little more variety in the sets to be honest... If you see shows like Phantom or Le Miserable you will know what I mean...All-in-all, worth the $77 dollars we paid per ticket (the upgrade was great!) and I would suggest anyone go see it. Even if you don't THINK you know their music, trust me you do... Unless you live under a rock... : )
5	Simply but "the best dam show I've ever seen!"  and i've seen many. The story was interesting, the pace was fast, no boring segments, kept you on your heels, good acting, the singing was as if the jersey boys themselves were there. The main guy who played the role of "Frankie Valley" sounded JUUUST like him, it was incredible!A must go when you're in sin city. you won't be dissapointed.
4	I really liked Jersey Boys as a musical. It was lively, entertaining and never dull. The storytelling was seamless. I really enjoyed the music, as some of their music stayed in my head for a week after the show ended. We were very lucky as we were able to move up to stage right orchestra seating because the show wasn't fully booked that night. Definitely enjoyed it and highly recommend it!
5	AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME!!!!ONE OF THE BEST SHOWS WE'VE SEEN IN VEGAS - and we've seen a bunch of them over the years!! (Celine, Elton, Copperfield, Chris Angel, 5 of the Cirque shows, Danny Gans, Monty Python, Blue Man Group, Lance Burton, Bette Midler, etc.). In fact I'd say Danny Gans is the only show we've seen in VEGAS that was better.Go. Trust me on this one.
4	I decided to see Jersey Boys versus Jabbawockee for my last night in Vegas.  Always wanted to see this show and I'm a sucker for live music and Broadway stuff.The show was at the brilliant Palazzo and the audience consisted of mostly older folks (my parents age) that really could identify with these tunes as part of the soundtrack to their lives.I just enjoyed the story lines and hearing these great songs that I would sometimes hear on AM stations growing up.  My dad had a few of Frankie Valli and the Four Seasons' albums (you know, LP...way before digital music messed things up), so it just reminded me of him and how much he enjoyed these guys.  A very pleasant and animated last night in Vegas.  Glad I saw the show and happy with my choice.#Yelp 365:  056/365
5	Fantastic, loved it, can't stop talking about it!  And hey, I even learned that Frankie Valli lives right next door in Calabasas .... go figure!
5	Wow! What a show! So realistic. A great job the performers. It's the story of Frankie Valli and the Four Seasons and how they came to be. Paid 250 for two tickets...well worth the $. Go see this great show. Also there is a small bar right outside the theater entrance. Nice, classy place to hit up a few before you go in to the show...
5	I am so straight and I loved it.. I went with Mom for her Birthday and we had a great time.. The scenes were fun to watch and the show moved along at a fast and fun pace. Not a real musical kind of guy... but this was a good time.. i would highly suggest u take r parents!
3	I only gave this 3 stars because of the foul language.  Yeah, yeah, I know some will justify the extensive use of the "F-word" in the interest of "being authentic".  What a cop out!  Just unnecessary, offensive language in my book.  The show?  Oh, the show was great otherwise and would be good for families if the language were cleaned up.  Great music and excellent performers and stage props.  Rather than focusing on "authenticity" let's start to focus on common decency and courtesy.
5	I loved this show and would see it over & over! First of all this was my favorite group as a kid, my older sister had the album and I would play it over and over every song was fab! When my friend invited me to go see the show I was very excited! I really learned a lot about their history in the business the show was awesome and the music was FANTASTIC! Don't miss this show if you get the opportunity to see it! Loved it and will see it again.
5	Amazing a must see! You don't need to know who the four seasons are to love and appreciate this show! My 2nd favorite show I've ever seen!!!(wicked being the 1st)
5	That was an awesome show!!!! We were upgraded from back row Mezzanine to 6th row center... That was a very pleasant suprise since it was our 10th anniversary that night. Thanks for making a great night ...PERFECT!!!!
3	I didn't love it.  I know everybody goes nuts for it, and it was a fun show, but it just seemed to go on forever and the swearing grated on me.  I'm no prude, I can swear with the best of them, but it seemed unnecessary and extensive.  The music is good but they rarely finish a song.  I just wasn't blown away.  I paid about 85 bucks at the 1/2 price ticket place next to the Venetian, and when I went to the box office to get the actual ticket I mentioned I was alone and asked if there was a better single seat available, which they nicely moved me to.When you leave the theater skip the main staircase in the middle and use the metal staircase going down on the far left or right, at the back of the theater, it will save you 1/2 hour getting out of there.
4	I'm only in my early 30s. My mother, visiting from Hawaii, REALLY wanted to see this show about some Jersey Boys. I had no idea what the heck this show was. Entering the auditorium I saw a lot of grey haired heads.....Boy am I glad my mom forced me to go! It was pretty entertaining and the music was great. I found that I actually knew 98% of the songs because apparently Frankie Valli & the four seasons rocked it so much that their songs are all classics.It was also entertaining to see the grey haired heads "rocking" out.
5	I loved this show! My grandmother was in town visiting and this was one of the shows she really wanted to see, so I got us tickets to go. I decided not to risk rolling the dice for an upgrade since I really wanted her to have a good time, and besides, you gotta spend the money for your grandmom! Anyway, I ended up getting the tickets at the box office and it turns out they were having a special for locals--$40 off per ticket in the front sections. The tickets I got were amazing- stage right, 6 rows from the front. Close enough to see everything clearly, but not so close that you have to look straight up to see what was happening. I had heard good things about the show, but since I didn't grow up listening to this stuff, I wasn't so sure. I was definitely wrong. You really do know these songs! And it wasn't just the music- the story was excellent. The actors really did a great job! I'd actually go see it again in the future, which is saying a lot. Just go and see the show. You won't be disappointed!
5	A must see!!  Amazing and wonderful show!  Staging was incredible!  Performers were outstanding!  The story was very interesting as it connected with the songs.  I don't think there's a bad seat in the house.  Sat in middle section, row X.  Would see this show again in a heartbeat.  Loved how they synced performance with the old videos.  I can't say enough about this show and how much I enjoyed it!!  It's worth any price you pay!  Just do it...go see the show!  You won't regret it!
5	Absolutely fantastic.  It will really surprise you!  It did me.  Great vocals, great harmonies, great story.  You'll be surprised how many of the tunes you know and how the story unfolds.  It's stunning.  A must-see.
4	Very solid story, great music and in a good theatre at Palazzo.  I liked it a lot, but at 37 I was probably one of youngest people in the theatre.  I love music of all genres, but I wouldn't recommend for someone in their 20's or even young 30's unless they are really into the music of the Four Seasons.
5	Oh what a night!!!I knew I wanted to see a show while I was in Vegas and knew I didn't want to go far from our hotel nor see Phantom. When I found out Jersey Boys was playing at the Palazzo, and I could get discount tickets with my Grazie card, I immediatly called my Mom (who was joining us) and a couple of friends who were going to be with us Friday night as well to see if they wanted to see the show. All of us were a "yes" and even my mom's friend who had seen the show before could't wait to see it again.The show started right on time at 7 and ran like a well oiled machine. It was engaging, the music fantastic, the singing/acting superb and finally learned more about Frankie Valli and the Four Seasons. I even learned there were songs that were there's that I had no idea who to give the credit to. The theatre was packed and I am sure most of the shows are sold out and can't believe the energy coming from the stage to the audience. I would see this show again in a heartbeat and am happy to say that this is how I ended the last night of my 30's!
4	What a great show!  My wife and I had a really good time.  For those reviews saying if you're in your 30's and you won't enjoy it...they are wrong.
2	My family and I went to Las Vegas excited about going to watch a few shows. Jersey boys was a big disappointment to me. I am in my young twenties and I thought the show was really long and quite boring in some parts. The talent and songs are pretty amazing. However, the show was quite boring and overpriced. My family and I all agreed that the show did do a good job of portraying the lives of the Jerseys boy. However, there are plenty of other shows that are way more exciting. After all, We are in Vegas!... I was looking for something entertaining and exciting. Jersey boys was definitely not either of these things.
5	My awesome boyfriend bought tickets for our 5 year anniversary.  Our seats were Section 1, Row Q, Seats 9 and 10 (if you face the stage the seats are on the far right hand side). The beginning was a tad bit slow and I even caught myself dozing off...BUT as soon as they broke into the 1st song I was hooked.  I was amazed at the amount of songs I knew and even more amazed that they were all sung by the Four Seasons (I'm horrible when it comes to naming songs and the singer or group who sang them). The guy who played Frankie Valli was awesome while the guy who played Bob Gaudio was cute.My biggest regret about the show was not buying the Jersey Boys soundtrack in the lobby area at the end of the show  !&$#@Since watching the show if I ever hear a Four Seasons song on the radio, I crank up the volume and starting singing the words to the best of my ability!  These particular songs will always remind me of what a great night me and boyfriend had while watching the show:"Working My Way Back to You""Sherry""Can't Take My Eyes Off You""Oh What a Night"  "Walk Like a Man"A TOTAL MUST SEE IN VEGAS!!!
5	Hands down the best musical ever! You are smiling the whole time...Seen almost all Cirque de show and wanted something different...this definitely exceeded my expectations. I wanted to buy all Four Season and Frankie Vali songs after the show. we bought 4 tickets 2 days before show and got $50 discount, sat 4th row from Stage...we could see the spit.
5	I was lucky enough to see this at The Ahmanson in Los Angeles on the first national tour and it was amazing.  Somehow the Las Vegas production managed to improve on it.  There really doesn't seem to be a bad seat at this theatre and the show was most enjoyable.  I've been a long time fan of Frankie Valli and the Four Seasons so when you put that amazing music to the interesting (mostly?) true story of the band, it's a winning experience for me.  The show is set up to feel half musical, half concert.  It is even my opinion that the lead is actually a better singer than Frankie Valli was.  Husband also greatly enjoyed it.  Worth every penny.
4	Great show! A bit too long.
5	I usually do not venture out to see shows on the strip. That is usually reserved for tourists to our great town. However, my business partner had some family coming into town that canceled last minute, which left him with a couple tickets to the show. We wound up going and I was very surprised at how awesome the show was.I had actually forgotten how much i like the music of those times. The selections of songs were perfect for the moment in which they were sang. Just listening to the music, you could follow the entire story. I guess that is what you get when you have such a talented crew performing. Everyone was seemed to portray their roles with such passion, both in the talking parts and in the singing parts. You could really feel the emotion that was being portrayed because of the excellent quality of acting.It also showed a decent amount of history of the band of of Valli himself. Truly an awesome story, properly told through an awesome show, by a group of extremely talented individuals. I highly recommend this show.
5	Finally decided to take a night out to see the "acclaimed" Jersey Boys show everyone raves about and have to say for myself I absolutely loved it!. This is one of my top 3 favorite shows in Vegas. Whether in Vegas or on Broadway Jersey Boys is not to be missed. I knew of Frankie Valli & The 4 Season vaguely but little did I know that I had been a fan all along. The songs that came from this group have long been and still are my favorites. The cast is phenomenal, the stage hands and scene changes were seemless, the energy was unmatched and the story was timeless. The best surprise was Joe Pesci's contribution to the group.."Who'da thunk it?". Jersey Boys is now playing at Paris Hotel & Casino which is a beautiful theater and one of the larger ones on the strip. A little tip when purchasing your tickets: The rear orchestra (last 5 rows, center) and first 5 rows in the right or left Mezzanines seats number 12 and higher provide the best view.I sat in the right Mezzanine row B (great section) but in my seat 8 there was obstructed view of the main staircase used repeatedly throughout the show.Save your money on front rows..they're too close and stay away from the side aisles you'll miss the actors in some scenes. Your better off in the last row..even if it's center. Arrive early to avoid the long slow moving "cattle-like" lines. ESPECIALLY if you are in or aiding someone needed ADA seating. This was a complaint I heard repeatedly in line. However if you are seated in the Mezzazine there is an elevator that will take you up.There is a short 8 minute intermission but forget about a bathroom break..especially ladies..your better off visiting the ladies room before the show or after.Even with the lines, theater location I give it 5 tremendous stars because when the doors close, theater lights go down and spot light goes on nothing else matters but having a great time at one of the greatest show in Vegas!.
3	There were lots of empty seats for this show. The lower tier of the theater was full, but the upper tier was more than half empty. If you want to see this show, get your tickets from Tix4Tonight or a similar vendor and don't pay full price! Even if you have to get the tickets the morning of the show (and w/ Tix4Tonight you have to) there will probably be plenty to choose from.As for the show, it was fun and entertaining. I didn't know much about the Four Seasons, but did recognize many of the songs. The performers were great and there were some funny comedic moments, but I felt the show ran too long. Or maybe I just got bored. The crowd was mostly older (50+) -- they probably have more of an emotional attachment to the music since they grew up with it. But, most people will enjoy the show regardless of whether or not you know the tunes.3.5 Stars
5	This is the best show on the strip!  We have watched the Circus Soleil Show and this is in a league by itself.  The youtube videos do not do this show justice.  It is a chance in a lifetime show.  The singing and stage are just incredible.  You are offered a bathroom break at the midway point for a few minutes so the cast can prepare for the next part of the show.  The storyline is superb...  Please watch, you will not be disappointed!
5	Best Seats: Probably in the middle. I was in the front and it was a bit loud.Audience: Mostly the elderly. I was probably the only 19 year old there that wasn't dragged/forced to see the show.Overall Show: AMAZING! so amazing that I could watch it all day and never get sick of it. Yes there is foul language but you can't sugar coat everything! I am so in love with this show.Prices of Tickets: $73-$200?!?
5	This was fabulous! Great music...there was a thread of a story which kept one involved, and a minute didn't go by before another song was sung. We went to a 7pm Thursday performance. I was not looking forward to a night of "doo wop" singing, but again I was wrong. It was thoroughly enjobable. We hightly recommend it.
5	Simply love love loved this show! I think this show would actually be great for a music history teacher to take a class to watch because it really does great job at animating the career of the Four Seasons. Even if you don't know anything about this group the music will be easily recognizable. You just have to go and see for yourself!
5	Awesome show.  Took my wife and the mothers.  Good timeline during the musical.  Great life story of Frank Valli and the Four Seasons.  Go if you are a fan of music!!!
5	I LOVED it!  Can't stop thinking about it!  I would go watch it again!
3	After reading so many reviews, I finally decided to see this show since I've seen most of the cirque du soleil shows already. It was ok...I thought it was more interesting in the beginning, but it started to go downhill for me. I don't know if I was tired or it was boring...I kind of dozed off a little towards the end. It could have been the food coma...we did have dinner before the show. You would think the ending would be where things unfold and it did, but I guess it was because I only knew a few of the songs and I didn't know much about the Four Seasons, so I just loss interest as it went on. My bf enjoyed it though. Overall, the show was okay, but it was a good experience nonetheless.
4	FYI, the show is at Paris now.While the theater isn't huge, the singing and sound is fantastic. I highly recommend this show to anyone who enjoys music and musicals. BTW, don't pay full price. There are plenty of ways to get discounts to this show (bestofvegas.com for example). TIP: this theater in the Paris is fairly small for a vegas show. The 'Mezzanine' here is only a few feet back from the 'Orchestra' (not way up high like in other venues). I thought the first few rows in the Mezzanine provided a better view of the stage than the Orchestra, since you're actually higher and see the stage at eye level. The Orchestra section has to look up at the stage and it can be twice the price of the Mezzanine. Save your money and sit in the Mezzanine section.
5	Awesome show, wonderful music!  Very entertaining.  It's hard to believe Frankie Valli had so many hits.
5	Spectacular!
3	Perhaps I need to rewatch it (and I will), but I do not believe it is anywhere near the best show in Vegas. Attended yesterday's 630PM show (it is at the Paris theatre now, where Barry Manilow used to have his residency) and this was the lone musical I had yet to see here. Did seem to run a bit long for the material, but that is still an open question. It could be the best Broadway show residing here in Las Vegas, depending on tastes, now that Phantom is gone, since it is better in my opinion than Blue Man, but I would recommend Penn & Teller (at Rio) much quicker to someone looking to attend a Broadway or former Broadway show than Jersey Boys.  - E
5	Love love love.  It's a great story line and highly enjoyable.  Something that I'd go to watch again.  Balcony seats didn't seem to make it any less of a good show.
4	Yikes, this is a sorely belated review.  I had whipped up reviews for all the other Vegas shows I saw during 2010-2011, but somehow Jersey Boys got lost in the shuffle.  Oops.But does it matter?  My review is clearly superfluous judging by what other people are saying.  This is a fun show!  The costumes and stage settings weren't glamorous like The Lion King, but it's hard not to enjoy the story and the music.  Jersey Boys is great for most ages (there is some swearing and some suggestive undertones, so may be best to leave the kiddies at the hotel), but definitely perfect for people in their 50's and 60's.  The wave of nostalgia this age group experienced while watching was probably how I felt when watching The Lion King.  My sister and I were by far the youngest people in the entire theatre and as a result, didn't know all the songs, but everyone else (including my mom!) was singing along and clapping.  That honestly was what made the experience totally worth it.
4	I missed the tour in Edmonton and wanted to see the show. It was great in the Paris theater. Great story, great songs. The show is longer than most in Vegas but worth it.
5	Worth every penny!  Well done and I would highly recommend it to anyone over 18!  The performers are absolutely amazing.Pay a little extra and sit down closer!  Tip:  if you buy tickets online, be sure to get in line early to pick-up your tickets...just because you were sent a PDF for your ticket as a receipt...don't be fooled. :) this is only a receipt in the event your ticket was not processed correctly.(Ho do I know...you ask?  I was that guy who thought the PDF was all I needed to provide) Great show! Must see!
