5	New awesome lees sandwiches finally came to vegas
3	Soft opening of the popular and ubiquitous Vietnamese sandwich (Banh Mi) chain from California is today.  After seeing the Lee's Sandwich sign up for a few months, I am glad to say that I am happy that I can finally come here for great Lee's Vietnamese coffees and the sandwiches, without making the trip to OC.The restaurant being new obviously looks fantastic.  The layout is roomy and I like the look.  Ordering will be easy for those not familiar with their menu, as there are photos along with names of each sandwiches. Being open 24/7 and with a location that is practically a stone's throw away from the Strip will mean tough competition for the other local banh mi competitors.I still have not ordered their sandwiches yet, and only dropped by for a Vietnamese coffee for the drive home.  But it tasted like the ones I used to order in another Lee's Sandwich on Bolsa (OC). Not that it is rocket science to make a good consistent cup of coffee or sandwiches, but the crew at the newest edition to the Lee's Sandwich empire at least has that down.Personally I think this will be very popular with the late night Vegas party crowd, as well as local businesses or workers ordering out for lunch.  (For the office takeouts):  The fact that sheets of butcher paper at wraps up each Lee's Sandwiches have the name of each sandwich neatly printed on them, will totally makes the process of figuring out which sandwich is which and which mouth it rightly belongs to a breeze.  A big plus and worth a star just for that IMHO.Anyway, will probably be back later tonight for the sandwich.BTW, if you are new to the whole Vietnamese sandwich/banh mi dining experience, I recommend the following:Banh Mi Thit Nuong (grilled pork)Banh Mi Xa Xiu (sweet Chinese barbecued pork)Banh Mi Dac Biet (cold cuts, forcemeats, pate) -- little more adventurous.  Dac Biet =specialP.S.  Cash only (for now, I hope)-------------Went back in the evening.  The place was still packed.  And noticed that they will be serving frozen yogurt in the near future.  The Vietnamese Coffee ($0.99 grand opening promo) really has way too much ice.  A 16 oz cup probably has 13oz of ice.  If you are going to do a promo, do it right, instead of making people think that the drinks are not worth the money.Ordering a large sandwich order (6 sandwiches) turned out to be confusing for the staff.  They were missing a sandwich order and might have given us duplicate sandwiches, and skipped another one that we ordered.  Anyway, in the end it was still a decent job of keeping up with all the orders coming in for the soft opening rush.Also this will be the first Lee's to have slot machines. I guess that is the power of Vegas.  Now I wonder if they will have cocktail waitresses too.
5	nice.. 24 hr bun mi.. how can u go wrong!!
2	Very cheap sandwiches but poor quality just like the California stores.  It's basically just the cheapest stuff you can get away with buying and putting them all in a sandwich. For the price it's not bad - but if you're looking for quality it's a wasted meal.
3	Meh. I figured Spike Lee would make better sandwiches. There's nothing wrong with Lee's Banh Mi per se. It's just that there are so many other places in Vegas that make better Banh Mi for the same price. Why go to a chain when you can eat local? That's my philosophy anyway.Granted, all we tried was the Banh Mi and their grand opening special 99c iced coffee. The iced coffee was more ice than coffee. I'm not sure why they bothered. Judging from what the guy said, they offer this grand opening "special" and then rip us off with basically a cup of ice. He made it sound like they are only making it like that today because it's a 99c special.There are other items on the menu that might be worth trying. Fellow Yelper, Tony T, says that this location has way more stuff than other Lee's in California. If you've never been to a Lee's, it's probably worth checking out, if just to see what the fuss is all about. Otherwise, I see no reason to return.p.s. I don't actually think this is a Spike Lee joint.
2	****** Horrible Banh Mi ********The only reason this gets 2 stars is bc it could pass as a strip club late night with the neon lights.Definitely the nicest looking Lee's but the food doesnt even come close to matching up.The bread needs to be baked a little more and the meat are really bad quality. I got the grilled pork and it was the worst ive ever had.
1	Wow.. After much anticipation.. I was very disappointed.. The BBQ sandwich had barely any meat.. no sauce.. No pickled veggies..the bread was fucking hard!! And  It didn't taste like anything!! I'll stick to mr.sandwich there banh mi is 10x better than this shit.
5	Wow, They're finally open!I been driving by this location for months, but they were always under construction. This has to be the nicest and biggest sandwich shop in the world, it's so huge! I was there over the weekend, and the crowd was huge. I think I waited nearly half an hour in line. As always, their sandwiches are typical Lee's sandwiches that you find at their other locations. I won't say their sandwiches are the best in the world, you either love their sandwiches or you don't. They are a franchise and they use the same ingredients, so it does matter which location you go to, their sandwiches will be the same, (think McDonld). What sets this location apart from the others is the atmospere. This is the only Lee's location that has self serve frozen yogurt, a first for Lee's! The place is very bright and very clean(after all it's new). It is very conveniently layed out. It is also a nice place hangout with your friends. I don't know when was the last time I would hang out at a sandwich shop, but you can certainly do it here. I didn't get the chance to see the whole place because it was just so huge. I was reading some of the other comments and it's like a broken record. I know, I know...your mom and pop sandwich shop down the street has better sandwiches. Like comparing McDonalds to a corner diner, sure the diner has better hamburger, but why do people keep going to McDonalds? You want better coffee?  then go to a coffee shop! You want better eggrolls and spring rolls, then go to a restaurant! If you want a place that you know will always be there, open and close at the right time, serve consistence quality food, and won't ask you to leave because you hang around too long, then come to Lee's !
1	Are you kidding me?  This is what people are raving about?  This is beyond horrible.  I guess it was first day jitters for this restaurant.Given that it was the first day, it was a bit of a wait.  When we finally got in, it was obvious to everyone that this place was extremely unorganized and chaos ruled.  It was like -- who was in charge of this place?My wife, several of our friends, and I eventually made our orders.  We ordered the following:  Banh Boa, Pattie Chaud, and the Dac Biet Sandwich.Here is my review of the Banh Boa.  There was wayyyyy too much flour and hardly any meat at all.  The flour tasted so bland ~ thinking of eating sand paper.  It was tasteless and blah... When we finally got to the meat, it was bland as well.  Do these people put salt or pepper or marinate the meat before putting it in?  If I had the choice, I would rather buy the frozen pre-packaged Banh Boa in the grocery stores down the street (i.e. 168 market).  We did not even finish one Banh Boa.  For something so small, you figure this is a huge issue.As for the Pattie Chaud, again, there was hardly any meat.  And, once you get to the meat, you kinda thank your lucky stars that there were little meat,   It looked like a piece of turd -- no kidding (see attached picture).  It was ewww.  What was the owner thinking... buy some low-grade beef, stir fry it with no spice, and scoop a spoonful of it into pattie chaud bread... shazzzam, it becomes a good dish to serve?  It tasted so bad, I would not even give this to my puppy.  My pup would  probably take a sniff and walk away... yes.. that bad people.  Strike two.As for the Dac Biet Sandwich, it was the only thing that was edible and something that we could actually finish.  However, I know several more tastier, cheaper, and better sandwiches down the street.  Honestly, I prefer the sandwiches at Dakao ~ $3 or Mr Sandwich ~2.50 to $3.  At Lee's sandwich, they charge $3.89 for a lower grade sandwich... We have been to the Lee Sandwich in Calif.  This restaurant is NOT even par to the course.  It is one thing to put a "RECOGNIZED" name on the front of the store; it is another thing to more importantly provide a QUALITY product.  Based on what we tried, this has been a true disappointment.  We would probably not return.  In vegas, within the Vietnamese community, word moves quickly.  If management do not make the proper changes, this place will probably not survive.  Finally, overall, based on the poor quality of the food, above average prices of the product, and the disappointing service, we would not recommend this place to anyone.Yuck - Ban BaoYuck,- Patti Chaudand a third yuck to the price and chaos..
3	March 13th, 2011 marks the opening of Lee's Sandwich, an popular Vietnamese chain from California. There was a lot of hype for Lee's to open and I never had Lee's before so I was curious to find out what all the fuss was about. Is it really all that and a side of a pennyworth drink? Lee's Sandwich is open 24 hours (or "always") and is CASH ONLY. The man whom seemed to be the manager says it may be a permanent thing. The restaurant is pretty big, there were tons of tables, and it seems to have a modern look going on (think Yogurt Land). Oh speaking of Yogurt Land they also will be serving froyo (frozen yogurt). At the time of my visit the yogurt machines were not up and running yet. If you aren't into yogurt thats okay because they also have che (Vietnamese desserts). Aside from that they have a decent variety of baked goods(Deli Manjoo 5.89/20 pieces) and baguettes ($0.99/each).Nowww onto the sandwiches. I saw the price ranges of $2.99 to $3.89. I must admit there were a lot of choices. Each sandwich comes in a 10 inch baguette that is baked fresh each day (baguette bag says every 30 minutes). Traditional banh mi flavors were available such as the combination and grilled pork. European sandwiches and breakfast sandwiches were also available which by the way seems really weird to me to have a roast beef and turkey sandwich made in the same place with my jam packed daikon/carrot cured pork sandwich. Anyways my grilled pork Vietnamese sandwich was somewhat bland, the bread looked like it was gutted out, and felt like a lack of authenticity. I know that its a franchise, but the sandwich I ate does not deserve the name of banh mi and should only be referred to as a Vietnamese sandwich. Today was also the soft opening so if you are going within these next couple days expect some delay and kinks. I must of heard "sorry we're out of "insert item" " at least 4 times for 4 different items. At one point I heard that they ran out of milk, one of the most essential items for them to make their coffee. I will probably stop back a few more times to truly gauge my feelings about Lee's Sandwich, but at this moment I rather get something from Mr. Sandwich/Hue Thai or Dakao.
1	What a disappointment! As the coming soon sign sat in the window for months, I heard from socal peeps that lee's was cheaper and better than the places we already had. Maybe its just this location, but no more lees for me. The long line moved pretty quickly but cash only?! Come on! I'm not using their ATM for a crappy $3 sandwich. The poor clueless kid at the register didn't know any of their pastry - had to point out sesame balls and French horn to him to ring it up. I like that they have monitors to show what they ring up. Then I waited... and waited... 20 min for a grilled pork sandwich. Had to remind them because I was #14 and they were on #23. They messed up half the orders that were picked up while I was there. When my sandwich was finally ready they didn't give me my pastry even though it was on the receipt they had checked. I left, then realized they forgot my sesame ball even though they supposedly again had checked my receipt. Had to drive back since my friend was expecting it. The manager gave me 2 extra which is nice, but eh. Get back to work to finally eat my sandwich, and it sucked! Bread was great - crunchy but not hard. Grilled pork was weird. It was the same color as the char siu, but 1 piece had literally 2 little grill marks on it. So it was probably their grilled pork. It looked microwaved, didn't have much flavor. Pickled vegetables were all right. Very forgettable overall, definitely not worth all the bs it took to get it. I felt really bad for the workers up front, they were all kids and it wasn't necessarily their fault things were so effed up. But you'd think the sandwiches would fly out the door w the army of kitchen staff they had working. How my crappy sandwich took so long, I'll never know. Positives - they have a great selection of pastries, huge sesame ball was fresh and crispy, French horn was awesome! Luckily they have an express line for coffee and pastries because that's all I will ever return there for. The place itself is nice, lots of seating but a pretty stupid location since that strip mall has NO parking. I also got stuck both times behind damn Asian drivers (I'm Asian!) trying to turn left on spring mtn. A completely negative experience from beginning to end
2	I was really disappointed tonight! My baguette was a little soggy and the cafe sua da was definitely not the same. Let's hope these kinks get worked out in due time because I know a lot of us have been waiting for Vegas to get a Lee's for a long time now.
1	Since it just opened, it was really busy, which was expected, but what happened to me was really out of line. I went in early morning so it was not as busy as it would have been during the day, but I ordered a simple breakfast sandwich and it was actually the wrong order, when I told them this, they just said "ohh would you like me to just change the sticker for you to the order you wanted?" this got me really upset because the sandwich I ordered was actually twice the price of the one they gave me. After arguing back and forth, the employee went to the back and came back out with my same sandwich, except this time with a sticker of the sandwich that I actually did order. More arguing finally led to a refund of my money and I left. There were a lot of good reviews about this place, but after my experience I will be sure I never go back
4	I have waited over a year for Lee's to open and be ready when I heard there was one being opened . I decided to check it out when I moved back to Vegas today from Hawaii and I must admit the food was just as I remembered from all of the times I went to Lee's in California . The only difference was the staff . They were a little cranky and were not the best of help when it came to questions my friends had .Besides that if you like Vietnamese sandwiches , try Lee's . The #4 grilled chicken is amazing !
3	Like many others I have been waiting and waiting for the Vegas edition of Lee's to open. How many times have we all rubbernecked while cruising down Spring Mountain only to see the place still under construction?I ventured in around lunch time and the place was packed. Fortunately efficiency is one of their strong points at Lee's so before long I had my grubby hands on a #11 Special Combination. And then, the disappointment. The bread was a little dry, the pickled veggies a little bland and there was not enough mayo/pate. I don't expect the best sandwich when I go into Lee's but I do hope for a decent one.It did seem like many of the workers were still in training so let's hope the quality improves in the coming weeks. I'll be back again soon.
2	My dad brought home two banh mi and a loaf of bread from their grand opening. We were disappointed when we opened up the sandwiches to see the minuscule amount of filling.pickled veggies, or herbs. The cost of the last two items is virtually nothing, so that was baffling. I understand that the crunch of the crust and the bite of the bread is important, but does it make it right to skimp on the rest of the ingredients? Growing up in a Vietnamese family near Little Saigon, in California, I expected more from this place.I normally like the special, which has a little of everything. Banh mi is a delicate balance between the aforementioned bread, a smooth pate, a creamy mayo, a fatty char sui, a Vietnamese sausage or fish cake, cilantro, peppers, pickled diakon and carrots. Too much, or in this case, too little throws off the sub. If you are in the mood for great banh mi, go down the street pass Cathay House. Their is a wonderful shop located next to Ann's Salon called Dakao Sandwiches. They are friendly, bake their own bread, and produce a far superior sandwich.
1	the food was good and so was the iced coffee but they really did not want to give me much coffee. the first time i went there i got a regular size iced coffee and it was more like a cup of ice with coffee. it was delicious so i decided to go the following day, i ordered another iced coffee, this time i asked for less ice. when i got my coffee, it was filed up 3/4 way, i asked the cashier sarcastically "you guys dont fill up the cup" and all he told me was "u asked for less ice". it was disappointing, i would look for  new place with good iced coffee because they just dont really want to give you your money's worth,
2	horrible service.  the place isn't even ready for a soft opening.  the employees have no idea what they're doing.  and there's this mean manager lady that's bossing everyone around; training the employees on the job, in front of the customers.  you know, i was all hyped thinking this would be something similar to the lee's sandwiches in the bay area; not even close.  2 stars cuz i like bahn-mi.  i'm gonna look elsewhere for them.
2	24/7 is always appealing to me but I'm not so sure about this one.I grabbed a special combo meat bahn mi #11. It was decent, but I've had better and it needed more filling/sauce/pickles/everything than it did. BF got a ham, turkey, cheese croissant. Decent, but not something out of the ordinary. The one thing that made the sandwiches less enjoyable is the haphazard way of throwing the ingredients in. Really, with no crazy rush of people waiting for food and a dozen employees around no one can be bothered to evenly spread out the toppings? I got a avocado shake and the BF got taro shake. Again, standard. Now the drinks made the guy at the register really confused. The BF was debating on a taro drink, but asked if they can do it just on ice instead of smoothie. The guy told him to "get a Italian soda. I like passionfruit".  So the BF then says, "I'd like a regular Sierra Mist" so he can get something simple that won't confused the guy. The guy looked so confused and looked at the board behind him for minutes and goes "coke??soda". "Yes, that is a type of soda up there". He didn't know how to ring it up and just rang up some tea that wasn't even the same price. The BF just told him to cancel it and ring up the damn taro smoothie if that was easier. Seriously, you don't know what Sierra Mist is? Another ding is that all the tables were dirty. All the booths were dirty so we went to find the least dirty table. At mightnight you seriously couldn't find time to wipe tables with 10 fucking staff members and maybe 2 tables occupied??!! Even without dirty tables and confused personnel the taste is just A-OK/3 star worthy at most. I don't really see myself coming here during daytime since there are other bahn mi spots that are better. However for late night eats, I welcome anything into the rotation if I am absolutely sick and tired of everything else. I may come back late night, but that means it's a last choice.
4	Why so much hate??? They've got to be doing something right for this chain to make it this far. Lee's Sandwiches will one day be an international phenomenon. Now I'm not on the bandwagon yet because of several key concepts, but I consider Lee's Sandwiches the Starbucks/McDonald of Vietnamese fast food. Not to say I'm against or for fast food chains, I simply respect success. Keep in mind how many people these chains employ and the salary and benefits they provide vs horribly ran, no customer service mom and pop places. Vietnamese food really have the potential to be as mainstream as say American, French, Italian, Mexican and Chinese cuisine. But sadly, what really holds it back is the concept. Most great Vietnamese chefs don't understand that style is as equally important as flavor profile. The rare greats that do understand, like the An family with the Crustacean (http://www.anfamily.com/Restaurants/crustacean_beverlyhills/displaypages/homepage.html) chain is simply killing it. So ask yourself this. Would any non-Yelpers (Westerners), or even Yelpers that's not adventurous , dare step foot in a place like Dakao, or Pho Hue Thai and order Banh Mi?I think Lee's Sandwiches is fantastic for what this city needs. It's a slap in the face for all the local shops to kick it up a notch (mainly Decor and customer service). It's a wake up call to say that good food is no excuse for poor overall dining experience. In conclusion, this Lee's offers way too many choices for their own good. Less is more. Just look at Chipotle.
5	Visiting and just stopped in to check out the new lee's and to grab a late night snack... Had iced coffee and banh mi combo...it was yummy as usual. Love that it's 24/7!
4	2.5 stars!? I've been to the one in Irvine, California since I went to undergrad there and loved it!! I was ecstatic  when this one opened up locally! I think this will be the next subway =). I must admit that I was discouraged when I yelped it and it only returned 2.5 stars. Anyhow, I decided to go see for myself and this place BIG!! LED TV's everywhere (march madness anyone?), great ambiance, very clean and modern design. Probably the nicest Lee's. The line was a bit long, and i was expecting to wait about 30 mins from reading other user reviews but it took about 5-10 mins which was decent  given the amount of people there. I ordered the Ham and cheese croissant and an Iced coffee. The Ham and Cheese was huge and delicious. No complaints there. I don't understand why people are complaining about the iced coffee...It's the same at all the Lee's. It's VIETNAMESE iced coffee. It's condensed so the ice is meant to melt and dilute the coffee...duh. It's not meant to be gulped. Maybe the Iced coffee should come with instructions ha ha.Never the less, the coffee is very addicting. I ended up buying one of those bottles that you can keep in the freezer so I can drink it through out the week. I haven't tried one of those fresh made pasteries or the patay sho thingy's. I'll try it on my next visit. Free WIFI is always good. I'm Planning to use it as a study spot since it's 24/7! whoo hoo!I wish it had a drive thru.I see a frozen yogurt bar opening up in the near future! Overall a very nice place. I hope it's safe to study there at night. Is there a security guard!? ha ha
2	You definitely do not compare to the ones in California. Bringing down the Lee's name. When I order a cafe sua da, it doesn't mean 95% ice and 5% coffee and I don't like how it's already poured and ready to go, it gets watered down. I like it made fresh and poured right in front of me. I think everything here is more overpriced than it is in California. But one thing I do like about your baguettes are that with your pickled daikon and carrots comes pickled onions as well. Yum, I love onions, thought it was a weird mixture but surprisingly, it tickled my taste buds.. Cause it was the only thing I could taste. I love extra mayo and pate on my sandwiches, so I paid for extra for more. But my sandwich had no sight of mayo or pate, like someone had licked it dry.I definitely feel the way it's operated in there can be improved. Because calling out my number 50 yet my order had still not been made and there was another 15 minutes until it would be done was a bit irritating. Everyone is standing all around, very cluttered. And it's cash only. But the owner's are very smart at their schemes in business because off to the corner is an ATM machine for you non-cash carriers. And slot machines, too? This place is going to be the money maker in the heart of Chinatown.
2	You would think that since it is a chain, the foods on the menu would be made with the same quality/guidelines. Nope, wrong. Came in and ordered 2 banh mi and a pate chaud. Damn, I should have taken a picture to show you guys! The toppings inside the banh mi was sooo skimpy!! It was so sad! And the meat ball in my pate chaud was tiny!This Lee's is skimping on their customers! Of course the 2 stars does not apply to allll Lee's, just this one in particular. I hope the owners/managers read all the reviews and make some changes! Customers would only want to support if the food has quality..and quantity. heheh :)
5	My wife and I went to this Lee's before their "grand opening" yet it was still super busy! Living in SoCal I enjoy Lee's and this is one of the nicer stores. It has a good layout and plenty of seating. I don't know if it is the new equipment but the coffee here tasted just a little better than the coffee I've had in the SoCal stores. From what I've heard they make the bread fresh in this store although I couldn't taste the difference. Like all Lee's I really wish they accepted credit cards but other than that it was a good experience. I hope to check it out after they are officially open and the Frozen Yogurt machines are working!
2	When it comes to Lee's Sandwiches, I'll guess the answer is I'll have to come back in a few months to see if they're doing anything differently.  Unlike a few other Yelpers who have had a Lee's Sandwich experience before, I've never been to this chain and really wanted to go as soon as they opened.  I really like banh mi and wanted to see if this place stacked up to other local establishments.  Unfortunately the service was super slow (perhaps due to being relatively new) and the sandwiches were not up to par.  I found them to be REALLY skimpy on the toppings as there were quite a few bites of my charbroiled pork sandwich that consisted of just bread and pickled carrots. I brought a bunch of friends with me to try it out and their sandwiches were equally..."empty".  I hope they understand that my desire to go to Lee's was to try them for the first time and not to show them a great place to eat.As with some other places to eat here in Vegas, Lee's seems to be one of those places that is good just because it's open.  The quality is not there, we experienced really slow service and the sandwiches are skimpy.  I like the baguettes but there are better if I'm willing to drive to them. Overall, not the best, but something to eat if you need to soak up some alcohol after a night of going out.  As I'm a cab driver, I'll probably never go there for that reason so I guess I'll go back in about 6 months to see if they've gotten any better. Before I forget, it seems that Lee's has an abundance of ice as their drinks (coffee, iced tea or soft drinks) are mostly ice.  Make sure you don't get thirsty here as their drinks are mostly comprised of ice and you could end up spending a fortune to quench your thirst!Maybe that will make the sandwiches seem like a better deal?
2	I know this place is new and need to work out the kinks so I will try again. But for this visit, the staff was confused and looked flustered so maybe they needed more training. The grilled chicken sandwich with extra veges I ordered was lacking the extra vege and I thought did not have enough grilled chicken. The fresh French roll was ok but I would have like mine to be a little more baked with a nice brownish hue, not beige.I'm not crazy about the layout with the fro-yo on the right, deli section on the left and ordering in the middle. It doesn't seem to flow. I also do not like that this place is so franchise now. I mean they even sell their own mayo-like spread. Omg, did Tony say that there will be slot machines?! Doesn't seem very family friendly next to the fro-yo machines.
5	Awesome, Vegas has a Lees!  Coffee is really good and staff is cool.Biggest Lee's Sandwich I've seen, and this one is 24 hours!
1	You guys fucking suck!! I tried to give u the benefit of the doubt. But u fuckers never get my order right.. This is the last time I'm ever going back.. Fuck Lee's and the employees.
3	I think I'm more with My T. on this one.  I don't hate the place and actually can't help being sucked in by the marketing animal that Lee's has become. The visual overload seems to scream buy me.  We went on Thursday night, so the Lee's head honchos were in all full force getting the place ready for grand opening the next day as well.Aside from the marketing wonder it has become, I'm with other people on the sandwiches.  They are sub-par.  Every single Lee's Sandwich experience has ended with the roof of my mouth being completely tore up from the hard baguette and disappointed at the filling or lack thereof.  1.  Thit Nuong/Grilled Pork Banh Mi - Lacked the flavorful grill and sweet flavors that vietnamese grilled pork usually has to offer.  It also seemed like there was only 3 skinny pieces of meat.  Very lacking in filling as with other Lee's experiences.2.  Special combination (sliced jambon, head cheese, pork roll and pate) - this was more enjoyable for me because it had the nice flavors of all the sliced meats but the hard baguette held me back from devouring the way my hungry tummy wanted to.3.  Cafe Sua Da / Iced coffee - super icey, but I can't say I hate the flavor.  Just lacked the volume.  It few slurps and it was gone.4.  Nuoc Mia / Fresh Squeezed Sugar Cane Juice - wayyyy too sweet, like unnaturally sweet.Conclusion:  3 solid stars for excellent effort, but not higher for just mediocre banh mi.  Please, frequent the mom pop's of banh mi places like Dakao for much better banh mi.
1	So, I hear there's a grand opening of another French-Vietnamese sandwich joint. I was excited to try their sandwich since I've pretty much grew up with these types of sandwich back in Cali. We tried their special combination and iced coffee. Boy, were we disappointed. The baguette were tough and hard, my teeth hurts after a few bites. I had to just put it down. Not only that, but the flavor was really bland. Their ice coffee was decent but it had too much ice. I don't see us making a second visit here again.
2	Let me first start off by saying that I loveee Bahn Mi's... especially the one next to tea planet (corner store) and the small shack in front of tea planet... those are delish... Having said that, I was really excited to try this place out, after reading the reviews on Yelp, I was a but skeptical so I gave this place a try. I stopped by this morning at 9:30am, place was very clean so I give that an A. I ordered the following and my opinion.... OH YEA all these orders weren't for me, I bought a variety of stuff for me and my friends and all took bites ;)#6- bbq pork... horrible, it was thin slivers of the red chinese bbq COLD #11- special combo... the meats had so many artifical red coloring#82- ham, bacon, egg, cheese... nothing special, tasted like the fast food breakfast sandwiches#14- pork roll w/pate.... wheres the pate?? oh wait its smeared onto only half the roll!!!!Deli Majo- look like little tiny madelines filled with sweet custardHollow donut- covered with sesame seeds and friedSesame Ball- tiny sesame balls filled with red bean paste, friedOverall, I thought the baguettes would be light & crispy, but it was rock hard and too cold. There also was not enough of the dikon/carrot stuff... and too much cilantro!!! The pastries were ok....This place looked like a really cool place, but you can tell its definitely a huge company that runs this establishment.... Next time you want a real Bahn Mi, try the small mom and pop stores... although you may have trouble with communication, you wont be disappointed with the food!!!
3	This place reminded me of a Vietnamese "McDonald's".  It gives off a fast food restaurant vibe, but the way they set up their ordering lines seemed disorderly at times.  People were confused whether there were 3 separate ordering lanes or just one single line...We had the egg rolls.  It was already pre-made and was sitting in the warming case/cabinet for lack of better words.  It was pretty weird that they didn't have any sauce for the egg rolls and lunchtime had just started...We also had the grilled pork banh mi.  The sign said the sandwiches were 10 inches long and I initially thought it would be a good size sandwich.  Unfortunately, these baguettes were pretty thin or narrow.  The meat portion was ok, but more towards the slim side like the baguette.  haha.  The grilled pork was ok and wasn't bad...  The pickled vegetables were pretty good.  The sandwich was not soft and was not too hard, however, my upper palate was a little raw afterwards.They were giving out samples of some type of waffle that had a green batter color in the inside.  That was surprisingly good.Overall, this place was ok.  It wasn't horrible, however, I wouldn't come back, unless someone pulls my arm and asks me to give it another shot.  I've had better banh mi at other Vietnamese restaurants in Vegas and the fast food vibe didn't appeal to me.
2	I don't really know what brought me to this place. I was on a nighttime drive through Chinatown, to which I was suddenly attracted to this surge of bright fluorescent lights. My initial drive home instantly turned into a detour. I fell victim to this place, much like a fly getting zapped by a mesmorizing bug light.Walking in, I was kinda impressed. It seemed like this place had it all. It was like a mashup of everything I go out of my way for: convenience store drinks & snacks, Asian sandwiches, baked goods, frozen yogurt (coming soon), coffee, smoothies, boba, etc. It had all of this, plus it was open 24/7.I was happy... giddy even. The concept of this store brought out the inner schoolgirl in me. That all went downhill after I placed my order. I ordered a sandwich; a grilled pork one. Price wasn't too bad. Maybe around the $4 spot.. decided to order a coffee with it as well. I sat at my table eagerly waiting (still on a schoolgirl mindset). Place wasn't really all that busy. Somehow, I still ended up waiting for my sandwich and coffee for over 10 minutes. A bit too long for a simple order. They call out order numbers using a DMV-like system. I'm guessing they're also trying to mimic the DMV wait times as well. Kinda boggles my mind to see how long it took, when I see what seems like 50 employees working the kitchen.After I got my order, I no longer was ecstatic. My inner giddiness turned into a neutral feeling. The baguette bread of my sandwich was hard, almost stale tasting; the pork: nothing impressive.  After the first bite, I had the most plain pokerface going on. It was a bland, dry, and overall, a depressing food. The coffee had a very strong flavor, though creamed and sweetened to the max. The coffee taste was so intense that I felt like I was getting smacked in the face with a sack of coffee beans with each sip. I kinda liked it, in a kinky sort of way. Am I coming back to this place? Probably not. I know there's some new store kinks going on, but I just don't see how it can get much better than my initial visit.Note - So far, it's a cash only joint, though they decided to get an ATM inside instead of a credit card machine. I guess they prefer to give us surcharges over convenience.
3	One word, #11. That's it. A couple of friends and I stopped by Lee's for lunch. Of course, the cashless me only had credit cards and they only took cash. I ordered the #11 special combination and the spring rolls. But they were out of spring rolls. Really? Uhm, you can make that easily!I got my sandwich, the bread was deliciously warm. If you wait for the bread to cool down, it gets hard and you'll have a hard time eating it. So bottom line, go when hungry and during brunch when lines are shorter.
1	Figure I give it another try.  It has been about 2 weeks after my first visit.  Probably, it was the opening week jitters.This time around, there was not much of  a line.  There were only 3 people in the sandwich shop.  We ordered the Banh Mi - special combo and an ice coffee.  With no rush whatsoever, it still took them over 20 minutes to get us our orders.  This is quite shocking.  Once we received our orders, it was another disappointment.  The Banh Mi was pathetic.  Hardly any fillings... a few thin slabs of meat and hardly any veggies and pickled carrots/radish. Bread was cold and hard.  Obviously, it was not fresh.  It concerns me that it was definitely made sometime earlier in the day.  If this was the case, why did it take so long for them to fill our order??? Did they forget?  Go figure... I should not be surprised.As for the coffee, where is the coffee??? It was like 90% ice and 10% coffee.Fool me once, shame on you.  Fool me twice, shame on me for trying this place again.Never again.  Bad food, bad service, and overall bad restaurant.By the way, how the heck does this place get an average of 3 stars?  It seems like the owner or their henchmen is putting 5 stars on this place to boost the yelp ratings (note:  you can kinda tell... most of their "5 star ratings" have only "1" review to their name).  Sheesh.. how cheap is that.  If your restaurant suck, don't try to falsely advertise your failure by boosting your yelp rating..  Obviously, the management does not have their priorities set.  They should focus on fixing their restaurant and producing a quality product.  Otherwise, no one will return...
1	Wow, I was amazed at the number of staff that work at this place and the steady stream of people that frequent this place.  But even with all their staff (I counted 7) their service was quite slow.  I ordered their special combination baguette and their signature "Lee's coffee".  I waited over 10 mins for my order.   Their baguette was fresh but there wasn't much meat inside.  There are other places that make these submarines that taste better than this place.  But what I really was not happy with was their "Lee's Iced Coffee".  Even though I asked for less ice, the cup still had more ice than it had coffee.  I was only able to get 5 sips out of the cup and was left with cup of ice.  For 3 bucks I could have had a Starbuck's coffee and not been so upset.  This drink is the biggest rip off.  Don't waste your money on this.
4	Very HIGH - TECH and HIGH - END Lee's Sandwich than the one's I'm used to. They have a large amount of seating available and I like it. It's very clean and modern looking.They'll have frozen yogurt soon!! And they offer you some yummy samples when you walk in. Very nice... it's a great place to grab some food off the strip and and even get some "to go" for after your nightlife activities.**If you take a cab here, make sure you get their dispatch taxi number, so you can get a cab back!!!
2	I am not sure if it is the fact that this Lee's Sandwich is located in Las Vegas, that the owners feel compelled to follow the lead of other well-known and loved California-based eateries (i.e., Pinks Hotdog, Sam Woos) that set up shop here, by jacking up the price and cutting back on what it serves.  At least that is what I think after visiting Lee's post their officially grand opening.  Sandwiches still taste the same, except you just get less of everything that goes in between the fresh baked baguette (meat, pickled radish and carrots and even cilantro and slices of chilie).  Iced coffee still tastes great, except you get more ice than coffee.  Even if you ask for less ice, you will get less ice but also a cup that is not full (imagine an inch of nothing to top of your plastic cup).Anyway, the place is new and very nice looking.  Staff is still trying to master the sandwich menu, so I am sure eventually they will get faster with fulfilling the orders.  But unless they start to serve what we can get normally at all the other Lee's sandiwch shops up and down California, potential customers are better off patronizing other local banh mi shops.  And there are quite a few of them just a few blocks down Spring Mountain Rd.I wish I can like this Lee's Sandwich more, but after a few visits I am too disappointed to want to go back.  As it stands, I feel that this Lee's is trying to set the bar extremely low for what customers should expect from this location, perhaps not realizing that a vast majority of the patrons have had the Lee's experience from California prior to visiting this one.  I can only guess that as a new food service operator in Las Vegas, they failed to do any sort of market or demographic analysis and/or extremely ignorant of the commonsense knowledge that roughly 50% of the visitors that come to LV are visiting from CA (land of the Lee's Sandwiches).So we will see how well they fare after the novelty wears out, because without a course correction I see only iceberg ahead for this Titanic of a Lee's Sandwich.(UPDATE) - From David Y: A worker told him to ask for "less ice and more coffee" when ordering their Lee's Iced Coffee, otherwise the future lawyers fulfilling the orders behind the counter will do exactly as the customer requested. How knew ordering a effing cup of the common Vietnamese Iced Coffee is the stepping stone to studying for the LSAT.
2	Place is nice and clean. The coffee does taste great. This place is open 24/7.Downside: I have to agree with most of the reviews here. They put way too much ice into your coffee. Their sandwiches are a major disappointment as well. I rather go to Mr. Sandwich. 1 star for the coffee and 1 star for being new and clean..
2	Dear Lee,Where the hell is the meat? Please fix.Sincerely,Ace.PS. Cash only....really?
3	The only thing I like about this place is there Iced coffee and the Roasted Beef sandwiches. Lee's Sandwiches is Over RATED!!!
5	This place is awesome!! I My favorite is there BBQ pork sandwich, ice coffee, and there dessert.  Also there food is cheap and delicious.  Especially when i lost all my money at the roulette table, I want something good but cost effective, this is the place to be!! Thanks Lees!!
5	best lee's sandwiches i have ever been to in my life!!
1	Another quick dissapointment among a overrated franchise that has lost it's steam over the course of a few years. When Lee's sandwiches first opened it's doors in California it was among the best places to go to for Banh Mi, Iced Coffee, and even their deserts. Unfortunately as they expanded their stores their quality slowly diminished. Let's hope that Las Vegas is the last place they go to.I had the opportunity to go to their grand opening celebration with a couple of other fellow yelpers, but for the benefit of the doubt, I wanted to hold off on writing a review on them since it wouldn't have been fair. They were super busy that day, so I wanted to wait a bit and come back another time since I didn't get to check everything out.Went there last night and it was a major dissapointment. The Banh Mi still sucked, bearly any meat or paste, if you're gonna give that little then charge less. It's Lees Sandwiches, not freaking Louis Vuitton or Chanel. So please don't charge more just because of the name. And if you're gonna charge more, at least make it taste super delicious so it's worth the price, but it's not. The bread I admit is good, but that's only because it is baked in house fresh everyday, so there is no excuse to mess up on that. Iced coffee, hella expensive for the amount they give you. I piss more after being dehydrated for 8 hours.Overall the store is very clean and obviously new, very flashy and modern. They have free wifi, YAY! But I wouldn't use it anyway.Customer service, oh lord......I asked one of the workers last night if they still only accepted cash, and she pretty much answered me like I was stupid retarded. She then right in front of me turned over to her co-worker and whispered something to him about me asking her such a stupid question, and that there is a sign right there that says "cash only", and he just shook his head. First of all you dumbb!tch, if you're gonna talk sh!t right in front of a customer, then you might as well say it out loud and not try to cover your mouth with a freaking receipt. Or if you were smart at least wait till I'm gone and then say something. Fortunately I was in a good mood last night so I didn't say anything to her. So if you're reading this, YES, I heard you, you little twat. So let's rewind the retarded and don't get all pissy about me not seeing your stupid little sign. Out of all the shit and signs they have by the register how the hell am I suppose to see that little "Cash only" sign. That's like being in a night club and trying to find a midget.So.............this junk get's one star, make your food better, charge a reasonable price, be smarter about what you say in front of a customer, and for god sakes accept debit/credit cards. We're not in the stone ages, and let's not make the stereotype that asians are cheap/stingy any more true than it already is.I don't even feel like Rickrolling this place, sigh.........if Rick Astley were here he would just face palm himself.
2	Had a sandwich from here and honestly I've had better from the grocery store. You know those premade sandwiches that are just wrapped in plastic wrap. The bread is super hard so I just ate the cheese meat and veggies on the inside. This place ain't worth your time.
2	Glad they opened here in Vegas. Nth too special besides its new. It's just Lee's sandwich, quick bite for relatively cheap price as we r used to from Cali. They even have the same annoying-number-calling-computer-voice but just louder here. So more annoying! X( And their yogurt isn't very good and pricier than Yogurtland. Urgh~!
2	March 25th, 2011Ordered: Special Sandwich Ham/Cheese Croissant Iced Coffee Deep Fried Balls covered w/ Seasame (I don't know the name ha) Fried Egg RollsPros:* awesome layout.. The biggest Lee's I've seen!* Lots of free samples to try.* express line available for strictly pastries and coffee orders* They have a room available for banquets and private affairs.Cons:* Rock Hard baguette bread !* Minimal selection of asian sandwiches* congested with traffic.* I order deep fried pastries for dessert and they threw it in the same bag as my fried egg rolls.. who does that??Tips:* Go down the street to Mr. Sandwich* I'm not a coffee fan, but its strong and good according to my gf* easy on the ice for the ice coffee would be a most wise request.  Okay, so I came during grand opening and ribbon cutting, which explains the crazy traffic (but I attempted to come again a few days later and it was still busy so I opted for good ol' Mr. Sandwich).  I've had Lee's before in California and remember taking a liking to it, but man their baguette's are just super hard!  The express lane was nice for those coffee drinkers and pastry lovers, but I was here for sandwiches.  The disappointing thing is that they tried to have a diverse palette of sandwiches by throwing in american sandwiches (ham and cheese) on croissant bread.  If I wanted an American sandwich, I'd go to Subway (or better yet Port-O-Subs).  The option of American sandwiches was interesting at first, but it isn't even tasty. Sure this added diversity, but it also limited their selection of Eurasian sandwiches.  I understand Lee's is a big name and the opening ceremony was a blast, but it just didn't win me over.  Will I be back?  Sure, but only because I got a free $5.00 gift card for coming during the grand opening.  Aside from that, I'm good with Hue Thai's or Mr. Sandwich for my Asian Sandwich cravings.
2	Staff very helpful,location nice and clean. We had the sugar cane drink and wow, too sweet, but I guess that's what you get from sugar cane. We ordered #1 sandwich and #2, the combination and the special combo. Both were the sandwiches that the staff recommended as their best. Both well priced, and the bread was awesome,(although it was so hard it cut the roofs of our mouths) but the sandwiches were just ok, with bits of too chewy mystery meats. And they both were about the same taste and look.We had a spring roll which was so tiny...Overall sadly .... meh.
3	I'm from the Bay so I've been to Lee's Sandwiches in San Jo...they are quick in service and a lot cheaper. I really like their sandwiches esp. the baguette. I always order the bbq pork sandwich #6.  This location - the lines to the cashier and the wait for you food is so long. I would go back but not if I need a quick bite to eat.
3	24 hr sandwich shop in Chinatown with cheap eats.  Bread on the sandwich was probably the best part of it.
1	Awful, just awful. Both for the experience and the food.
3	I came here on a Thursday night around 7 which wasn't packed, so glad it wasn't because it takes a pretty long time to get your order. I ordered a croissant roast beef sandwich and cantaloupe boba drink. The sandwich was not bad it was pretty good and a decent size. This place was nice and clean, really bright, that's because it is still new. The staff was okay, not too friendly yet not too rude. As for parking good luck because it is at Chinatown and we all know how the parking is at Chinatown. No credit cards taken, just like the ones in California so make sure you've got the cash if not they do have an ATM which you know cost money.
2	I went to this place with high expectations. People talked about this place so highly, so of course I couldn't wait. The atmosphere is pretty cool and the place is huge, you're guaranteed a seat. You won't miss your order, unless you forget your number or loose your receipt, because they have a robot on speaker calling out your number throughout the whole place.Well, I've always gotten a combination sandwich and I get mine at a local Asian market bakery down the street, so I was expecting something just as good. Well, for two combination sandwiches it took about 30 minutes for our order, kinda ridiculous. As soon as I picked up my order of my combination sandwiches all I noticed was small portions of everything. I didn't even taste vegetables or the spread they usually put on it. I guess it was an okay sandwich but I've had better. Also, I wasn't even half way done with my sandwich and the roof of my mouth was all scratched up from their bread. I thought maybe if I had some hoisin sauce or Sriacha it would help, first off they didn't know what hoisin was when I asked for it, second, they gave me a little cup of Sriacha good enough for two bites and they said they only could give me two. Great. I was not feeling this place at all. I guess I should go give it another try & try something else but for their prices, I could just stick with my Asian market's bakery.
2	My family and I was looking forward to eating here, we really liked some of the Lee's Sandwich stores in Orange County, CA...and had high expectations for the one in Vegas. The sandwiches were bland and stale; just so bleh.I decided to give it a second chance and the sandwiches is still below average.
3	The staff seems friendly. It was my very first time here about a week ago. I ordered the BBQ pork I believe...I prefer Hue Thai and Pho Thanh Sandwiches to this. It seemed very bland and plain to me. Maybe when I go back again, I'll try something else, but it was bleh to me. My friend got the grilled pork (which is what I love at Pho Thanh), but it wasn't that much better.Because it's a 24/7 location, I would be back here just cause it's one of the only things open and the prices are pretty cheap if I want a late-night snack for cheap.Otherwise, I doubt I'd be here in the daytime.PS. They're cash only. But they do have an ATM in the building.
1	This review is based on a grilled pork sandwich. I have to say their sandwiches are cheap, but you get what you paid for. First of all, it took about 15 mins for them to complete my one sandwich order. Let me put this into perspective: there were 10 workers in the back making sandwiches, and it took them that long. Sure, I came into an already existing long wait as there were people ahead who've already waited longer than I have. But still, the long waits are unacceptable. The food: one word, tasteless. The carrot and turnip had no flavor. Its like they forgot to put sugar and vinegar when they soaked it. The meat was not too bad, it was one of the best parts of the sandwich. The bread was ofcourse, indeed one of the highlights of the experience. It was definitely fluffy since it was baked fresh.Last of all, they have a wifi access point, but I don't think they advertised it for public use. If you have T-Mobile, there is no 3g while you are inside.Conclusion: I would rather go to Mr. Sandwiches instead and pay just a bit more for better quality and taste, and to save myself 15 mins of my life.
5	I love all their sandwiches, especially their euro croissants. I always order their smoothie and some sweets along with my sandwich. It has the perfect amount of flavor in each sandwich to make it right. The servers are friendly and the place is clean. Pricing is great for what you get. $2.20 for a foot long sandwich is pretty crazy.
4	I feel like I went to an entirely different restaurant because I had a really good experience both times I went to Lee's Sandwiches. I was leery about trying it out because I checked Yelp beforehand... but I figured I waited this long for the place to open up that I had to try it out.The clean, modern, open layout of the restaurant first attracted me. On the right side, they have self-serve frozen yogurt which I have yet to try. In the middle is where you line up to place your order and to the left is where you pick up. There are several tables and booths available.I ordered the special combination banh mi and a thai iced tea with boba. Based on previous reviews, I made sure to request easy ice. Their system is like a well oiled machine. The wait time was less than 5 minutes. There is no chance you would miss your number from being called because there are TV screens that feature the order number and and a robotic voice that calls out the number as well.The banh mi I ordered was worth the price. For under $4, the foot long baguette was fresh, crunchy on the outside and warm and soft in the inside. The filling was delicious and was the right amount despite what other reviews say. I was completely full and satisfied with my meal.My one major complaint is that they accept cash only. Thank goodness I had cash because I didn't see a sign and I didn't want to pay the ATM fee. As I was leaving, I looked around everywhere for a "cash only" sign and only saw a 2" x 2" sign on the door. There is no excuse for an establishment this big to not take debit or credit.My experience at Lee's Sandwiches was very pleasant and I plan to become a frequent patron if I have the cash on hand. Another plus... it's open 24 hours.
5	I really love the environment inside this lee's and it is the best one I have been to so far. Friendly staff, efficient process, and quick and cheap food. Can't ask for more, especially when Vegas took your money.
2	Lets start with.. at least they get your Thai Tea to you when you order it not like *PHO KIM LONG* OTLOK now with that out of the way lets start the review..I was anticipating the arrival of Lee's Sandwiches due to a ton of people praising the place. The bread was so HARD that it cut the roof of my mouth! The lights were dreadful to stay in!The intercom kept playing the same annoying commercial every dang second! The servers were at least nice and welcoming when I was there. Lets just say only reason I'll go back is for the THAI TEA and soft serve2stars just for the Thai Tea.. lol
1	I really want to like this place because it has a great rep in Cali, its 24/7 and clean. I gave it a second chance and although the kinks in service seem to have been fixed, the food still sucks. Positives - bread is soooo good! Pastries and coffee soooo good! But its a sandwich shop and they continue to be ridiculously skimpy on the amnt of meat (had grilled pork again), picked veggies are kind of bland guessing not soaked long enough. So I give up - no more Lee's for me
3	This sandwich shop looks so fancy inside and outside with flat screens everywhere and high tech registers, you think they would take credit or debit, but unfortunately its cash only. I like how they have a lot of varieties and we didn't wait too long. The staff was alright. We went there around 1am so they looked tired and irritated. We ordered their barbecue pork and special combination sandwich and also the deli manjoo. Their sandwiches were alright. So much hype about it when the bread would cut the roof of your mouth. I would like it much better if they made it less crispy and more soft and warm. That was my only issue about the sandwich, but what do you expect from a sandwich that only cost $3 so I guess the saying goes "you get what you pay for"... The 8 piece deli manjoo on the other hand cost more than the sandwich and it was the most DEPRESSING and POOR "thing" I ever had. I was so excited when I saw it because its one of my favorites and I always got those at my hometown Guam, but when I got it here there was barely any filling, it was sooo dull, and it tasted old! I couldn't even swallow it, thats how amazingly depressing that thing was. They lost a star for that. This was my first experience here so I think this place was just "A-OK."
1	Despite the fancy place and clean area, the food simply is not that great. I was in a group of 5 when I came here and I don't think anyone thought it was the best Banh Mi they've ever tasted. I ordered BBQ Pork but the meat was cold and the bread was really hard. I was disappointed because it has such a good reputation in CA. I'm pretty sure I'm never coming to this location again.
2	I was going to give it one star, but since its a clean, nice looking place, i gave it an additional star. i was happy and excited to have lee's sandwich finally in vegas. when i was in long beach ca, i use to drive 30-40mins just to have a sandwich at lee's. But lee's here in vegas, i wont even drive 5-10mins to get there.  Its just not lee's. The sandwich just dont have any taste. And like some of the comments before mine, hardly any meat in the sandwiches.i guess im sticking with the grilled pork at PHO THANH HUONG. The best banh mi sandwiches i had so far in vegas. And its 3 dollars only.Edit: PHO THANH HUONG  has changed owner/management and i am not a fan of the food anymore.
1	This place is not the business! The drinks are not even that great. My friend got a watermelon slush and it tastes so fake and literally looks like pepto dismal. The coffee is OK but they put way too much ice in the drinks where ice is up to the way top. Service is not good, the girl that was taking my order was giving attitude. I won't be coming here again. The one in California is way better.
3	3.5! All right... I don't know why Lee's gets such a bad rap. I grew up eating Lee's in NorCal and I will forever be faithful! I LOVE their sandwiches. Their bread is always so perfect, and both the Vietnamese and "Euro" sandwiches are good. Delicious chewy medium-quality meat, onions, cilantro... yum yum yum :) Lee's is so comforting and just brings back so many good memories. Don't get me wrong, obviously this is not going to be the best banh mi you've ever eaten, and not the best boba or Vietnamese coffee you've ever drank, but it is still so good. Lee's is like your Quiznos. Not the best sandwich you've ever eaten, but every now and then you get a craving that only they can satisfy. I was very excited to see a Lee's sandwich so close to the strip, and wow, I must say this location is HUGE, very CLEAN, open 24 hours, and has WIFI! How could you not like this place? I'd come to this location to study or get my quick fix of Vietnamese sandwiches. You can't really go wrong w/ Lee's. Please give it a chance!
3	Wow this place is Asia-tastic.Looks like a cafeteria you'd find in any major Asian city. Any way. The food was aiiight. Vietnamese sandwiches are naturally cheap. Was pretty regular. We also got the cream puffs because we felt like a dessert. IT SUCKED. Save your money.Just drop by this place for a quick grab and go.
2	I got the grilled beef sandwich and the avocado smoothie. Things lacked flavor, but for the price that everything is--not bad. Or maybe I was just too hungry!If you're low on money and crave sandwiches, then go for it.
2	I *really* wanted to like this place more, considering it's HUGE and there seems to be so much variety on the menu. The yogurt area was the first thing that caught my eye, but was surprised to know there really wasn't as many toppings to be expected (if even at all). It's open 24 hours, and the entire place looks like a gigantic cafeteria. Bright lighting, plenty of seating. The night I came in with my friends the place was nearly empty, so no issues with finding a spot. We had the cream puffs and the sugar cane drink. Cream puffs lacked taste, as I felt like the cream in the middle really wasn't anything significant or tasty (the cream was just "there"). I do have to say the sugar cane drink is worth giving a go, since it's sweet but not overly sweet to where you get sick of it halfway. Otherwise the pastries and the bite of the sandwich my friend got wasn't anything special. Also, I always seem to think places who just offer cash as a paying method is behind with everything else technologically in the world unless it's a family business. Hopefully the next time I go the experience will be different.
1	After all the hype, I am sorely disappointed. My #17 sandwich tasted like raw pork, and there was hardly any meat or anything else for that matter.  The chicken wings tasted like factory made chicken substitute.  This must be likened to something like a mcdonalds, all flash but no soul.
2	I'd rather have a bottled drink than ever order their smoothies ever again. I tried lychee smoothie and it was SO sweet, it didn't taste authentic or fruity at all. In fact, it just tasted like milk and sugar. Tons of sugar. My friend disliked his thai tea as well, TOO MUCH SUGAR. The reason why I find it so sweet is because my regular boba spot is Tea Station, and their lychee snow is JOYGASMIC.I will say that I loved the sandwich I ordered, which was bbq pork. I don't mind raw onions and the spice, it was good. My phone picked up wifi there, but it does require a password. I didn't inquire about it since I'm not there to surf the internet.My friend also ordered beignets- now beignets are basically french donuts. Fried dough. WTF LEE'S. You come up with mini sweet pita pockets. When you bite into it, it's just.... empty. I really don't know if I'm going to go back. The place is so pretty at first glance, but it's a huge mindxuck.Oh, I forgot to mention. Yes there's plenty of space to sit down. But it's not like anyone wipes down tables or clean the floors. Every table had at least some crumbs, and the floor under the table we sat at was so dirty. Shoe grime. Didn't catch it until we finally left. Blehh. =/
2	I've never had banh mi that I thought would break my teeth while eating it.  Not to mention this particular lee's was very frugal of the meat toppings.
1	WORST LEES SANDWICHES ever!  service sucks and waited for almost an hour for our sandwiches.  we waitied because it was so busy and we ordered 8 sandwiches, gave them some slack.  some dude was waiting 35 minutes for his drink.  after asking them where our sandwiches were they said o we dont have this order.  told them want refund and all of a sudden the sandwiches were ready.  wtf!  we got a refund and that was it.   LEES SANDWICHES LAS VEGAS SUCKS!  I have to rate them one star but if I had a choice they would get ZERO!
3	Banh mi was ok. Not the best I've had from a Lee's Sandwich chain. BF loved it..lol..he ate one of turkey ones and a chicken Banh mi, but will be good on a late night creep.
4	Went here last week for lunch with the fiance.  We ordered the Bbq pork and a turkey hoagie w avocado and swiss.  I also got an iced americano, no sugar, no milk.   Our order took about 10-15 minutes to come out, but everything was correct and delicious! The coffee tasted good with nothing added.  The fresh baked rolls are delicious and for $3 the Bbq pork hoagie is such a great deal. I love the tender pork paired with the crunchy carrots and diakon with a hint of spice.  The turkey hoagie was typical, but tasty nonetheless.  We probably could've shared one and been satisfied.  I couldn't finish mine, but the fiance was more than happy to help! We will definitely be going back!
2	Hmm.. came here drunk as a skunk so which means i dont remember anything good about this place.2 stars because these communist bastards jack up their prices and their quality isn't getting better.
1	Tried their "Lee's Cafe" -- which is Vietnamese style coffee w/ condensed milk & ice. It was good, better than all the other things I've had here, but I could still get that some where else. Good thing about this place is that it's open on holidays and 24 hours. This still doesn't make the cut for "go to places."
2	Didn't get the hype.I ordered the special combination. it was just okay. The bread was just a little too crusty. If i get more crumbs on me than I do bread in my mouth, something ain't right.The mayo on it was some cheap kind so it was very oily and slick on my tongue. I attempted to order some Spring Rolls. They took my money and then told me they were out the wrappers. WTF?I ordered "hot wings". Not so hot and I had to ask for them when they called me up to give me my order. So not okay. And I didn't understand the wait for the sandwhiches. I have never in my life waited 20 mins or more for a bahn mi.Will I go back? Maybe... They did have yogurt and I want to try that.
4	I've been to the Lee's Sandwiches in Cali and was very very excited to have one here in Las Vegas.CONVENIENCE: Lee's specializes in banh-mi sandwiches. This is my #3 favorite sandwich place in Las Vegas. But I tend to visit this place more often since its 24/7! Lee's has delicious food but the convenience factor is a huge advantage over the other competition. I work on the strip so I get out very late at night anywhere from 11pm-1am. And when I'm craving a good vietnamese sandwich but Hue Thai & Dakao are closed--Lee's is the place to go.VARIETY: In addition to sandwiches, they have spring rolls, fried eggrolls and other hot foods. In the late late hours of the night, they may not have these items available because of sell-out. They also have boba, asian-style frozen yogurt, and those delicious 'deli manjoo' and green waffles. if the waffles are available, give them a try! They're fresh-made waffle-press waffles that are flavored with vanilla & coconut then dyed green to add that kitschy factor. (THEY'RE SO GOOD! TRY THEM)Quick service, variety, convenience, quality food all while all still being considered a CHEAP EAT. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED and definitely a genius idea. Its quick-pace is comparable to a fast-food joint.
1	I was soooo looking forward to this place opening.  Had heard friends from cali say good things about Lee's... and the thought of banh mi 24 hrs a day had me constantly checking it out every time I drove by, wishing....hoping.... that it would finally open.  Then they finally opened for business and I never went....  lol.  I saw what seemed like a lot of poor reviews on Yelp and just never got around to trying it out.  Well... leaving my buddy's place late one night and a bit hungry, I finally decided to give them a shot.  Who knows.... maybe it'll be delicious, I thought to myself.  I was thinking a lot of the bad reviews were probably just from the super snobby Yelpers....the ones for whom nothing is ever good enough...lol.  Well... sad to say, the poor reviews were well earned.  There were 5 people working there that I could see.  Three taking orders by the cash register.... which seemed like overkill, seeing as there were about  10 people in the entire place....half of which were already eating.  1 guy making sandwiches, and 1 guy pretending to push a broom around.  I place my order, as did two other small groups right behind me, and grab a seat right next to the pick-up area.  The guy making sandwiches was pretty quick and had all 3 orders (a total of 6 sandwiches) done in less than 3 minutes.  But then they just sat there on trays.....  while 2 people stood by the cash register doing nothing, and another walked by the finished sandwiches about 5 times so she could talk to the guy sweeping.  Hmmm...  I wanted to just walk behind the counter and grab the stuff myself... but whatever... I was kinda curious just how long they'd let them sit there.  Eventually the guy who was "sweeping" finished up... and as he left the dining area he handed out the 3 completed orders...   So as far as service goes....  not impressed.But hey, if the sandwiches are amazing... I don't really mind all that much.  Eh, what a let down.  The bread seemed a bit too hard and crunchy.... and although it looked like an adequate amount of meat and veggies were inside...  90% of what I could taste was just bread.  Again....not impressed.  Hue Thai / Mr. Sandwich are much better.  Sure they may be $1 more per sandwich, but it's worth it.  Heck... I'd much rather go get a $5 footlong at Subway then get a couple sandwiches at Lee's.  You know I really don't like the place when I give it 1 star...  I mean seriously.... I even gave Clark County Detention Center 2 stars.
4	Delicious iced coffee!
2	so.. whats the big deal about this place?I guess if you enjoy rock hard bread then this is your place! I was tired of trying to rip my sandwich after the 3rd time. it's just exhausting. On top of that.. theres hardly any meat. It gets 2 stars because its clean, bright, and its open 24 hrs.
3	24 hour perk. It's cool for big groups which is why I went in the first place.Eh.. food's okay. Rumor has it they changed their ingredients.. Not sure what kind of magic's in in it now, but I'm less willing to try it.It's always clean, good for them. Their boba.. ah yes, the reason I even step into Lee's is for a boba drink. Honey dew's my fav, but recently I've been getting Taro. I mean for 24 hour it's good, but if I really want Taro boba, I'll go to the Pho Hung.
3	For those of you who don't already know, Lee's sandwich is a very popular franchise throughout the west coast that specializes in Vietnamese deli, refreshments and desserts. Look at it like a McDonalds, but a little bit more healthy and among the Asian community. Back in the early years of 2000, Lee's sandwich used to be one of my favorite pit stops every time my family and I would go to California. They USED to have one of the best BBQ pork baguettes in CA and their combination baguettes were to die for. Now, however, given the expansion of this franchise to Vegas, Lees sandwich has gone down in quality so much that the only thing worth going there for is just their coffee and 24 hr convenience.Whenever I go there to order a sandwich, it always seems like something is missing from the core. Whether it be too little meat, too little veggies, or too little sauce, it never comes out full or consistent. The meat that they use for their special combination is also tasteless, and they never seem to put enough mayo/sauce. Same goes for their BBQ pork. It has no BBQ flavors, plus is too sweet and always dry. I'm Vietnamese and I know how a proper sandwich should be made. Most Vietnamese people will tell you, It needs to have some  dashes of soy sauce in order to wrap up the flavors. However, it seems as if Lee's tried so hard to make their food Americanized for a more diverse crowd, that they made everything bland and flavorless (almost with a "healthy" image). On top of that, the workers making it need to be more on the same page.  Not once have I gone there did I get a sandwich that was well stuffed and not mostly bread when I take a bite. Also, the next time you buy their sandwich, try leaving it out for about 30 min before eating it. Guarantee, the baguette will be hard as a rock. Same goes for reheating the sandwiches. The outside should be CRISPY, not hard! It should not be that way!However, there is one thing good that I would like to give Lee's recognition for (which is also what earned it 1 more star)... Their Vietnamese ice coffee is to die for. The roast they use is very rich and deep in flavors. It is not as strong as Vietnamese coffee straight from the filters you get when you order it in pho restaurants, but the richness is definitely there. On top of that, their coffees have the perfect combination of cream at the same time. Overall, if you're not hungry, then I would definitely suggest getting their coffee (for the same price as a baguette), instead of anything else. You can definitely give it a try, but know that Lee's sandwich failed at making Vietnamese Banh Mi.
2	If this was my first time having Vietnamese food, I'd never have it again.It's not just how obnoxious the exterior is, with the ultra-strong lights that probably drive every insect in a ten mile radius to the store front, or how unnecessarily large the place is - but it's the mediocrity of the food and the stinginess of the restaurant that really just earns it a low, low rating.Their baguettes are ho-hum, the amount of meat per sandwich is underwhelmed by the pickled veggies, and while the price is great I'd much rather go to Mr. Sandwich and pig out there.When I say stingy, I refer to their iced coffee.  I love Vietnamese coffee (strong Vietnamese coffee individually dripped with condensed milk and it's delicious and nom nom nom and really should be a dessert), 70% of that cup is ice, the rest is yummy Vietnamese coffee.  Want more?  Ask for low ice and what do they say?  "Sorry, pre-measured, I'll have to charge you twice."  Seriously.  I'm paying three bucks for three slurps of coffee?  I can go around the corner, go either side to Pho Kim Long or a five minute walk and get some Vietnamese coffee for a full serving!  Their spring roll looks like it had two shrimp and some real veggies in there.  It's allll laid on the top with the shrimp sliced in half.  So it's nothing but filler.  Where's the taste?I was informed that they used to have really great food in California about ten years ago.  I dunno what happened, but wow.However, I will give it to them - Interior is super squeaky clean, modern, and ultra-bright, as I mentioned, as well as 24 hours.
4	Love  their ham and turkey sandwich with provolone cheese. I haven't tried any of the other sandwiches because I don't really know what they are, but they look good in the pictures.  They also sell pastries. Baguettes, and other finger foods.The prices are reasonable. Sandwich, soda, and pastry for less than 10.00. Service........average fast food restaurant.The place is always very clean, too clean that you can  probably extend the 5 second food rule to 10 seconds and you'll still be ok.The  Location  is very convenient for me on my way to and from work since it's open 24 hrs. Only on the weekends I never stop since parking is kind of limited and it gets very crowded for  there are a lot of other restaurants in the same shopping center. I really recommend this place. I'm sure you'll  find something here that you like.
2	This place was not quite the ending lunch I wanted to grab before leaving Vegas.Food: Banh mi - Taste is decent but way too little filling. Not enough herbs and the do chua is cut too big. And they put peas in it. Who puts peas in banh mi ? ! Coffee - cafe sua da. I wonder if they think I'm so blind that I wouldn't see that 90% of the cup was ice. The taste was good but really a rip-off for what you get.Service: Good nice people... who skimps on food unfortunately.Setting: clean big nice place... that skimps on foodSo yea, please avoid this place if you don't want to start hating Vietnamese banh mi.
2	This place sucked....My gf took me here, and damn I was disappointed. I ordered thespicy pork sammich, I was excited for it because it was different. Once I got it, I had about a slice of pork and a pound of carrots. Oh, and I told the guy no onion. My receipt read no onion. What did my sammich have... Onion. Only good thing is that it super cheap.
2	Lee's! I loved you in Orange county...Your iced coffee, you little custard corn shaped filled pastry...Your dessert "Che."  You've been open in Las vegas for oh...I guess at least 3 months now...I expect more from you having the history I do with you!I use to go down to Orange county from Northern California and make it a point to stop by a Lee's for their great coffee and desserts.  There is one literally on every other street corner there.  Despite not accepting CREDIT CARDS, I would grab cash on the way just to stop by you.  What happened in vegas?I know it takes business at least three months to settle in and offer consistent-tasting food. Its been that long yet I still am not a  fan of your sandwiches, vietnamese Ice coffee or pastries as I have been for at least 6 years now.  To the newbies, your sandwiches might taste good, but honestly, you have no consistency with your sandwiches.  The veggies are good but sometimes I don't get enough.  The bread is also very hard if you buy it to go and not get to it for a few hours.  Readers, if you are familiar with myself, I love love coffee.  i love Vietnamese coffee even more.  The first time i walked into this place 3 months ago, the girl behind the counter asked me how I wanted my coffee because she can make it specifically to how i wanted it.  WRONG! Lee's coffee is generally pre-made, when ordered, it is just simply poured over ice.  There is a specific recipe that goes into making this drink.  The next few times they got the clue and had it pre-made.  Unfortunately, this coffee still lacks the taste that I remember receiving time and time again when ever I visited SoCAL.  Because this place is family owned and operated, I would think that at the least, my coffee would taste as I recall it for many years.  I am sad to say that this Vegas location is incomparable to its sister locations i SoCAL.  If its a late night and I am crazing my coffee and sandwich, I'd stop by.  Otherwise, I go to Hue Thai or Mr. Sandwich.  Please Lee's, Get better soon.   Sincerely your customer,TTK PS: Pro's: One of the biggest locations I've been to, If you camp out, no one would notice.  ...That's about it.
2	Nice place. Very clean  Free wifi! But very bad drinks. Got a thai tea boba, and they might as well given me the tea from the bottle at ranch market.
4	Nostalgia galore! Back when I was a youngster (ok, back when I was like 10-14, maybe not so young) living in Orange County, my family and I would often stop at one of the various Lee's Sandwiches around town, and they were always pretty damn good.So, when I was driving on the 215 home from California a couple weeks ago and saw a giant billboard with the name "Lee's Sandwiches" on it, I was excited. Very excited. So I stopped by after work the following week, picked up some sandwiches and boba smoothies, and brought it all home. The first thing I noticed was that, wow, this place was pretty big! Of course, now that I think of it, the other Lee's Sandwiches were as well, but I had sorta forgotten it. It would totally be a perfect place to hang out with a group of friends, or meet up with someone; conveniently which could be done whenever seeing as they are "ALWAYS OPEN." The menu was huge, and to the right there was a large froyo area as well, giving a lot of options, but I was here for the sandwiches, and ordered the BBQ pork, grilled pork, and grilled chicken. Got home, split the sandwiches in 3rds and had some of each. They were delicious. But like many others, my gripe comes with the amount of meat in the sandwiches, there's just not enough! I would rather pay an extra dollar and have a meaty sandwich, then have one skimping on the meat. But regardless, $3.50 for a 10" sandwich is good, and I was quite satisfied. I'm already looking forward to going back and trying their sandwiches.P.S. According to the wiki on bahn mi sandwiches, the they originate from the French countryside "salad sandwich," so perhaps there's a reason why there's not too much meat. I'll try asking for more next time though.
3	The sandwiches are okay. Don't taste that fresh and the bread is super hard
3	Why does everyone talk about how good the banhmi is here? Its OK! i guess its only good because the bagguette is freshly baked in the store. It lacks flavor and the coi cuon had way too much noodles. The coffee is very good though!
2	Had tried a few of their sandwiches in a LA branch a while back and decided to give this place another chance.#11 Special Combo: Reminded me of one of those Banh Mi Vietnamese sandwiches (veggies herbs and different meats). Not too Bad but far from great.#5 Grilled Pork: slices of pork were bland, I think the medley of veggies and herb were tastier?.. I like the BBQ Pork better, it has a little more flavor.Pork and Chicken Egg Rolls: Both missing flavor but I'd take the pork over the chickenIced Vietnamese coffee: Strong, Sweet and quite tasty. This should wake you up!The highlight of this place would be their Bread. Their Bread is pretty good much better than what they stuff in them.... If your looking for quantity over quality for a budget price, then this place maybe your solution!
1	I have been a Lee's fan for a while but tried to stop visiting franchises and concentrate on mom and pop.  After driving down Spring Mountain, I had to stop and try.The service is ok.  They were very happy to see you there and they were quick at getting your order.  I ordered the banh bao and it was disgusting.  I swear there is a piece of hot dog in it!  The manjo was very good.  My son ate it all up.  The hallow bread is a rip off!!!!!  They have signs that said $1.29 and they charge you $1.59.  When you ask them why they charge you a different price, their answer is "The price goes up every 2 weeks."  After rolling my eyes, they know they won't get any further business from us.The sandwich was tasteless.  The bread made it taste better than what it really did.  They just pulled the bread out of the oven and it was soft on the inside and crispy on the outside.  There was absolutely no meat on the inside.  It looked like there was little slivers of meat and a crap load of veggies to hide the embarrassment.  There was a streak mark of pate.  I was very disappointed.
2	I feel as if i've been forever tainted by Hue Thai b/cI wasn't impressed with Lee's one bit.My first impression on entering the store is that thereis a smell, a bad smell, that lingers the entire timeyou're in there. You would think after a few minutes you would get used to it and wouldnt notice. Not here in Lee's.If that wasn't bad the smell followed us all the way to home while the sandwiches were in the car. We seriouslyhad to roll the window down. I thought I was being dramatic until my co-pilot stated she was refusing to eathers for fear it tasted like it smelled.I was able to venture in but wasnt wow'd.The bread was ok but the meat was skimpy.. even for most bahn mi standards. Meh... kind of sums it up perfectly..
1	I used to go to Lee's in Irvine, CA all the time as an undergrad and had to make a lil' nostalgic trip on through while in China town. The service at this location was horrible.   I waited in line (only one in line) for five minutes before I kindly asked if I was in the correct line. The cashier told me yes, and continued what she was doing. When she was done she said "... you can order..." and wasn't even looking at me or standing at the cash register. I ordered and was charged more than the menu price so I questioned why, she told me because I ordered a large. I pointed out the large was less than what I was charged and she shuttered "... oh... um, they changed the prices" which would have been fine had that had been her reasoning in the first place.     It wasn't even busy. And that is the ONLY way I forgive bad service... Guess I'll only go to Lee's in CA
2	First of all, this Lee's Sandwiches here in Vegas is no where near any comparison to the one in the Bay Area. This place was all hype and no deliver! The first star is for being "always" open, late night cravings and or ready to eat food is a good thing about this place and Free Wi-Fi! The second star is for a decent special combination Bahn Mi sandwich, it's not close to the one I've had in the Bay but it's enough to satisfy the hunger. Also, the star is for the exceptional Vietnamese spring roll that they make fresh and their Bobas that comes in a variety of flavor.The other food that they offer are all ok, the chicken wings were kind of salty and their fried spring rolls (lumpia) was just dry. The bread that they use are made fresh, however by the time you get it and take a bite, it's a little dry already. The place offer other tasty food as well like their breakfast sandwiches and other pastries, but all can't be compared to how good i remembered Lee's back in the Bay.As far as the workers, they are not your typical asian servers, because most of them are either hispanics, blacks and some whites.I've been to this location more than five times already and some of the workers are just rude and loud. However, there were some exceptional servers that were very friendly and attentive to your orders. Overall, this place is a miss! I thought after anticipating it's grand opening that it'll be a hit, no it's more of a disappointment. I only go back to this place cuz Mr. Sandwich down the street close early and they really do have good drinks (iced coffee, bobas, smoothies).Oh yea, as a plus their music playlist is up to date! They got your new hip hop, pop, r&b favorties in the mix lol. Be aware that the commercial they play for the iced coffee can be a little annoying!!
2	I came here a good handful of times before I actually found something that was good. When it first opened, because of the excitement  I came here 2 or 3 times in hopes of finding something good from this Viet chain. Unfortunately I gave up and never looked back. Oh wait, never say never? I recently visited due to the fact my friend and I had a night out and had the late night munchies, but we were on a budget. Oh hey, why not Lee's since it's cheap and its open at 2 in the morning. Grilled Pork Bahn Mi- mmm! nice flavor on the pork. the spread was also tasty and I'm actually a fan of what most people refer to as their "super hard bread." I just love that crunch! The veggies could of used a little bit more work because they were just 'blah.' Overall I really liked it especially for the size and price. But I mean most Bahn Mi places can't mess up on the signature grilled pork sandwich. Highly recommend this and nothing else. Vietnamese Coffee- my first time drinking viet coffee, made me kinda anxious since I heard a few stories about it. Pretty good and in my first few sips I tasted as if it had a hint of alcohol  flavor. I wanted more, but I ordered the smaller size not knowing about it's deliciousness. The other things that I ordered in the past and didn't satisfy my pallet. Sardine Banh Mi- the veggies were even worse my first time around. Especially the cilantro which was pretty much wilted. I didn't really taste the spread nor see it either. Let's just say this sandwich was sort of a disaster... And this was my first Lee's experience. Obviously not giving me a good first impression. Coconut waffle- this looked really delicious with it being a bight green color and all. I just had to order it because it was looking me in the eye as I was waiting in line to order. Unfortunately it was super soggy with an ok coconut flavor. Kinda disappointed it didn't live up to what I had hoped for. Beignets- once again it looked delicious under the heating lamps in the display case. UGH wrong... I wasn't really fond of the texture. I feel like it was lacking something, probably sweetness. Once again something I do not recommend. Although I did enjoy the girlled pork banh mi, it doesn't make up for all the miss haps for all their other products. Plus, I'll only go here for my bahn mi fix if it's another one of those late night munchies kinda thing. Therefore, 2 star rating- sorry!
3	So this is usually where everyone ends up if we can't pick exactly what we want.  The fact that it's open 24/7 is very helpful.  The fact that the food is only OK is why it can only get a solid 3 star rating from me.  Nothing is quite memorable.  When you leave you're OK but most of the time Im thinking "if we would have left earlier or made the decision faster we could have been somewhere REALLY good".  I hate to down the place because I know I will go back again and again, and not complain but maybe I should, haha....  Another thing is why does it have to be cash only?  REALLY?!?!  You're open 24 hours, you have so many things to offer and you CAN'T take a CREDIT CARD!!!!!!!!  Get it together people, I am almost about to take a star off for that, haha.....
2	I've never been a fan of Lee's but it was conveniently located two spots down from Pho Kim Long.. we figured we would need some substance to bring back to the hotel room to eat prior to drinking a massive amount later on in the night. We each picked up a sandwich and two others also got spring rolls.The sandwiches were ALRIGHT.... you have to keep in mind the quality is going to pretty much suck, since it's a chain restaurant. The spring rolls were pretty bad... never had any like it.. they used shredded up lettuce.. cha siu (bbq pork) and shrimp. They were pretty gross but hey... you'll eat anything when you are drunk.The interior of the place is really big and very nice. There is so much seating that the place looks like a ghost town but A+ for the effort they put in building the place.
4	*This review is for the baguettes onlyWe stopped by here after Pho because my friend wanted me to try the baguettes. They didn't have any ready so they made them fresh for us. They were a dollar. I wish I could use more words to describe how ecstatic and happy I was once I had that gorgeous stick of bread in my hands. Warm, fresh, aromatic, and magical. This was probably the best dollar I have ever spent. I could eat ten of these probably. It  sounds like this place isn't all that great for other stuff but I can at least tell you to stop in and grab a baguette, you won't be disappointed. Hell it would be against the laws of physics and the natural world for you not to like these baguettes. Go now. Run on over to Chinatown of all places, and get yourself some damn delicious bread.
2	Not as great and tasty as I expected , the very first time I had their sandwich there was barely any meat , second experience surprisingly there was more meat and the bread didn't hurt my gums afterwards .. But still they are not the best Vietnamese sandwich I've ever had . Their Thai tea is really amazingly good , I've never had any of their pastries but it does look good and fresh .
2	What happened to the Spike Lee picture for this joint? :/The fact this place doesn't take credit cards at the register but has an ATM machine in the corner charging $2 per transaction throws this place down to a 2-star rating! Boooo! 2 stars for mediocre food and the cash only feature could be a turn off for those who don't carry cash. Cool place to hang out with a huge group of friends until the late night cuz it's open 24 hours!Follow the 2 stars down the street for better banh mi...
4	I had a friend pick up some #1 combo sandwiches and it was crispy delicious and just enough sauce. Bread was fresh and really crisp.  They called in the order and sandwiches were good to go. I think it is yummier than some of the lees in la.
4	Don't quite understand the Yelp hate. I won't try to get into a battle of words with my fellow Yelpers, because I trust their opinions on many places, but on this one...I respectfully disagree.Let me set the scene. It's 4:30am. I'm on my way home from the club. I had NOT been drinking, so I was able to judge my food with an able tongue.Lee's is like your typical Fro-Yo Shop on crack, because it's 10x as big and is actually a Sandwich joint (with Fro-Yo...Yo). I ordered the #11 combo, and my sandwich was out within 4 minutes. The baguette was PERFECT! The lunch meat they used was tasty, and I just LOVED the addition of cilantro and jalapeno to the sandwich to give it that extra Asian flair :)I can't wait to come back. I most certainly was not disappointed. I did not have the horrible experience that some of my friends did. I say give it a shot and judge for yourself.
4	Just was in Vegas when my client suggested Lee's... SO GOOD. Very clean establishment, with asian inspired as well traditional sandwiches. They had a nice clean dining, where they also had a bunch other items you can buy, like pastries, fresh baked baguettes and asian packaged goodies... You gotta try... If I lived in Vegas I would be regular customer. BTW. great prices, but cash only... they have an ATM inside, in case you forget.
2	Wow, really?  Not at all what I was expecting, especially with all the hype that surrounded this particular location.I live in the Bay Area, CA where there are plenty of Lee's Sandwiches. I've only been to one, in San Jose, but the variety of food they offered was mind-blowing.  So when my parents and I were visiting my sister in Vegas and she told us about this massive Lee's that just opened and had 500 employees (according to local news), and after seeing all their billboards, I was expecting something fantastic.Well, not only did it not live up to the hype, it didn't even live up to what I would expect a Vietnamese sandwich shop to be.  Yes, the place is ginormous, but that's primarily the sitting area.  Set up bright and plentiful like a McD's, I can see people coming here during the wee Vegas hours. The actual menu though is puny.  Some basic Vietnamese sandwiches (I've seen tiny locally owned shops offer a better variety) but mostly American sandwiches.  Huh?  Aside from the sandwiches, there are various sides, desserts, and snacks offered.  It seemed to me the place didn't really need to be as big as it was considering their tiny menu.Sandwiches are pricier than Dakao, just a few blocks away and way way subpar.  I grew up on Vietnamese sandwiches and eat them regularly and these were probably the worst I've ever had. Edible, yes. But a far far cry from an authentic Vietnamese sandwich.   And the wait was pretty long too.  I tried their siu mai (pork meatball) and their grilled pork.  Their grilled pork tasted very little like Vietnamese grilled pork but was ok.  Not great, just ok.  Their siu mai though was very lacking in flavor.  I've never not finished a Vietnamese sandwich before but I couldn't find it in me to finish the siu mai.  Also, the sandwich itself was smaller than I expected.  Apparently, Vegas Vietnamese sandwiches ARE smaller than the ones in the Bay Area but even compared to Dakao, the Lee's sandwiches were small.We had originally planned to eat lunch there and then order more sandwiches to go to eat later that day.  But after our lunch there, we instead drove to Dakao and bought some sandwiches there, which are much better, not to mention cheaper, not to mention they are a locally-owned small business run by a cute husband & wife team. At least the girl who took our order spoke Vietnamese.  But she wasn't very friendly (which actually is pretty authentic I guess).  The Latino guy who was making the pastries was a lot more friendly.  Although they serve some Vietnamese food, I don't know that I would actually classify this Lee's Sandwich as a Vietnamese food place.  I honestly can't see this place surviving, but then again, I don't live in Vegas.The reason I am giving this place 2 stars instead of 1 is that my sister said their pate is the bomb. She said it is their only redeeming quality.  Unfortunately, since we ended up not ordering more sandwiches, I wasn't able to try it myself so have to take her word for it.
4	I don't understand all the hate for Lee's here... You're in Vegas. Lee's is a convenient 5 minute drive from the strip. It's open 24 hours. The food is CHEAP. Vietnamese coffee. Fresh baguettes. And daily food/drink specials to encourage even more gluttonous behavior (as if you needed more incentives anyways). Whenever I've come, the service is always friendly, I never wait too long for my food, and I leave happy and full for the drive back home. Perhaps I simply leave my "diva" back in LA because I have no complaints here!
4	Prices are good and moderate and that Sugar Cane Drink is So Goood..
2	This particular Lee-s Sandwiches is not that good, particularly the sandwiches. This is bad because this is supposed to be their specialty.  This was what made them famous. The bread is tougher to chew on.  I have been here several times and it has been the same.  The coffee is the same as others in the chain.  The other bakery things are about the same, especially the cream filled mini cake my kids love.
1	$4 dollar sandwich the meat is chewy and hardly any meat ,give me this sandwich for 1 dollar , I still would not eat it.no customer service.
4	I appreciate this restaurant  for open 24 hours.because sometimes past late night in Vegas  I just want a light sandwich and a little bit of Vietnamese desert.it's great!
4	#4 wasnt tooo shabby(chicken sandwhich) would like varitety breads instead of the classic sourdough price was cheap!!
1	I kept giving it a try. Always a disappointment. U want Banh Mi, don't go here
1	This place is highly over hyped! Their sandwiches are very dull and bland. Before this place was open my boyfriend would count the days till their grand opening, So I was definitely excited and expecting more but honestly I don't have much to say about this place. Food: dull, bland not excitingPrice: Okay Hours/location: convenient hours and the location is close to the strip so its a good late night DRUNK snack
4	Cheap, fast, decent, and open late. Their service is friendly and there are more than enough sandwiches to choose from, so I really don't understand why many of the reviews here are so negative. Sure, I've had better bread, better sandwiches in general, but what do you expect from a place that never closes? If you look at Lee's for what it is, a convenient and affordable late-night snack, then you'll be satisfied with what you get.
3	it's a hit or missed with their banh mi. sometime it's taste so fresh, and sometime the bread taste kinda stale and chewy...a bit over priced, but it's a place to go to if you craved banh mi at 2 am. 1 draw back is it doesn't accept credit card, c'mon, you're a big corporation, you have restaurants all over CA, in vegas and oklahoma city and still doesn't accept credit card? even a smaller restaurant accept credit card!!!
1	Lee's Sandwiches is quite CONSISTENT. Consistent in HORRIBLE service and BLAND Banh Mis.  After numerous attempts, they have failed each and every time.  But if you insistent - please try them.  Especially if you like:- Breakfast sandwiches that taste like rubber between two crusty and dry pieces of "french bread" - I put that in quotation because I know what french bread (baguettes) should taste and feel like, and this place should be damn ashamed of themselves for claiming they have good european bread.  Please.- Bottom of the barrel coffee that's thick and tastes like tar and will set you back $4. Coffee that tastes like coal melted down with molasses - yummy!- Banh Mis that are just shameful.  No flavor, wth?  Lee's should be paddled and punished for this.  - Service that is excrutiatingly horrible.  Example you ask?  I bought two breakfast sandwiches (#82, bacon ham egg and cheese) for my fiance and I. I open it up and notice there is no bacon and cheese.  I bring it over, and they want to argue with me that there was definitely cheese in it and that I didn't order it with bacon.  Are you freakin' kidding me?  I show the receipt.  I literally pick apart the sandwich to show there's no cheese.  No freakin' cheese or bacon dangit.  Then they tell me that I must have taken it out??  Really??  I walk out.  Screw this.Never going back.  In fact, I may just stand out and picket this dang joint.  The taste of windy, sandy Vegas winds will taste much better than what they serve.
4	The Taro smoothie is wonderful. The sandwiches are sub-par as they don't have a lot of meat and veggies in them compared to other places I've been to. However, their cheap and the bread, I think, is well-made. This place is open very late or 24 hours. It's a good place for cheap, late night dining if you are sick of the expensive food on the strip.
4	I've been a little hypocritical lately juxtaposing to my friends why anyone would go to Las Vegas Chinatown when we could be dining like ballers on the strip.I digress to the delicious and consistent Lee's Banh Mis and Caffe Sua Da. It is cheap.It is consistent.It is open 24/hour.Keep in mind this is not Westminster or Garden Grove, and you're literally in the middle of nowhere when you leave the strip.
2	This week, I was blessed with a work schedule that let me out at 5pm instead of 12am every night. I was craving some banh-mi and decided to stop at Lee's. As usual, I order my house special sandwich with a side of fish sauce and happy eat away.The next day I thought I would go to one of my favorite Viet sandwich places and I was reminded of what a GOOD banh-mi is supposed to taste like. Delectable meats, crisp vegetables, mild but spicy jalapeno, and most importantly--soft, gourmet bread with a bite. I soon realized that Lee's is simply OK. The bread is hard, the service sucks, and the sandwich just isn't as flavorful as some of the other places in town.The next day I tried another banh-mi place in Chinatown and was again reminded of how much better it was than Lee's. Two thumbs up for CONVENIENCE (24/7) But thumbs down to actually good food. -____-"Go to your other banh-mi joints if you can. But if you need a banh-mi fix at 2AM. Mister Lee is there for you.
3	I love the vietnamese sandwiches, but the downside is that the bread they use is always hard . So when I take bites I take hard chews of all bread and end up eating most of the meat last. Their bread is good, tasty, and soft when it's fresh. I wish they would serve the freshest bread for the sandwiches too! Their thai tea boba is deliscious! Milky, smooth, and sweet! Just the way I like it. They also have free wifi and a very contemporary feel to the interior decoration. If you're looking to get a kick start on vietnamese lingo, I'd suggest to hang out at this spot and learn about the numbers in vietnamese! Their service machine calls out your ticket in english and vietnamese! So when you're hanging around lee's definitely count with the service machine, and I guarantee you you'll be a vietnamese counting guru with in minutes!
4	The biggest Lee's I ever been to! They have fro-yo machines too. Unfortunately, those weren't up and running yet!Line was super long, but I have to give them props to maintaining such a busy crowd in an orderly manner.  The sandwiches were consistent with other Lee's that I've been to.  They even had a window with all their fresh baked bread! Check out picture uploaded :)Their coffee is awesome! Strong, flavorful.  It was what I needed to wake myself up from late nights and long hours of driving!I only wish they had more to-go stuff that other Lee's have available (ie. sticky rice, spring rolls, vietnamese desserts, etc).  This place is more focused on sandwiches.  Think of a Mcdonald's version of Lee's!
3	Called and ordered some sandwiches here because of a recommendation from a friend and they weren't bad. They have a lot of selections but went with the usual special combo and grilled pork.
2	I guess the best part about this restaurant is the fact that they're open 24 hours a day...oh and they've got free wi-fi. It usually doesn't get crowded so it's a great spot for little group meetings or homework crammings. Food-wise, if you're looking for quality, you don't want to be coming here. My mom ordered a sandwich. She had quite a hard time downing it because the baguettes were kinda hard and the veggies were dry and falling all over the place. Bobas could've been better except for all the ice that took up more than half of the cup. I used to go there simply for their green tea waffle (and samples) Recently, those things have been taken down for some reason...and then you find other places that serve better food. This wouldn't be the first place I'd run to for food but my opinion may be subjective, so you be the judge and go give it a try.
5	Yummy! 24/7!
2	Spoiled by Southern California's delicous banh mi, I attempted to approach Lee's Sandwiches with an open mind.  I was sorely disappointed.  So much for their "Baguette Factory"...the bread was hard and seriously tore up the roof of my mouth by the time I was done eating it.  The filling...eh.  I asked for double meat and double vegetables.  I'd hate to see what regular is; I think they maybe forgot to double the filling?  And the iced coffee, while delicous, was mostly ice.  I could barely poke my straw through the lid and then I had to jab-jab-jab it in to make it through the core of ice.  I was so fed up with it all I didn't even bother with the frozen yogurt.  Maybe I missed the best part of it by skipping that?  Oh well.  Thanks anyway Lee. I'll feed my banh mi cravings over at Pho Mailan.* One star for being inexpensive (unless you count being charged for extra but don't get it)* One star for cleanliness (as long as you don't look at all the handprints on the windows--come on guys, spring for some Windex and use it!!)
4	This Lee's location is the biggest and nicest I've ever been to, and my experience here was far better than others'.Oh buy 4 get 1 free sambo?  HELL YES.  All #1's for me, thanks.  Bread was above (Lee's) standard, and ingredients were fresh.  PIckles needed a bit more time in the vat, but acceptable.Buy 2 get 1 free Lee's coffee?  How else am I going to wash the sandwiches down?  This location prepares the iced ones the way I like it, and the hot one was not watered down as I've had at other locations (one near South Coast Plaza is the worst offender of both)
2	Popped into Lee's for a quick bite, we tried the grilled pork and pork meatball banh Mi. Their bread is fantastic! However, they are very light handed with the meat and veggies that fill it. I like a good ratio of meat, veggies to bread and Lee's fails here. The veggies didn't have the snap I like and the pork was pretty bland. It's a shame the filling fell short because the bread was so scrumptious the potential was there. Lee's is cheap, and open 24 hours so it does have that going for it. I'd give it another shot to see if I could find a tastier sandwich.
3	I really enjoy this place because its open 24 hours and the food is decent/cheap. Also, the food is prepared relativlely quickly and its a good change from the other 24 hour burger chains like McDonalds. My favorite sandwich to order is the #11 special combo: it has a nice balance of meat and vegtables.My only complaint is the cleanliness. Since the place is open 24/7 it attracts the drunk crowd. I remember going here around midnight and seeing a pile of puke outside the entrance.
2	Why did I even bother trying this place again?! Figured maybe it will do for a late bahn mi craving and remembered it was alright enough the first time. The sign in the front for the bread being baked fresh was promising, but we got stale chewy bread that made it hurt to chew after a while....and I love chewy things like jerky but this wasn't fun. Got the vegetarian and the filling isn't really substantial and more like crispy bean curd crisps, rice crisps and the usual vegetables but it tasted good. I figured if I nuked the bread at home a bit it would soften it and it sort've did, but still very chewy. To drink we got the honey chysantheum ice tea and it was still hot, with not enough nice in it....Funny, most of the complaints is there is too much ice. Too bad it wasn't good, it was nasty. It had a unpleasant back taste that was a bit like moth ball moldy grandma sweaters.  I see they have fro-yo and maybe late night fro-yo runs is ok, but I'm real leery now.
3	Since not eating any meat for a month now and I went in to try their veggie sandwich. It was ok I guess but the best place to get green waffles though..
3	Good late night option.  Very cheap and pretty good has something for everyone.
3	I went to Lee's with much trepedation after reading countless bad reviews, but I just had to try this spot on my lunch break because it was convienent.First off, I took heed from other Yelpers and stayed away from the baguettes and instead got a croissant roast beef and cheese with all the trimmings. It was a decent sandwich, nothing to rave about, but everything tasted good.Secondly I was weary of ordering a drink due to the excessive ice comments. I just opted for a soda in case I got the same treatment of ice with an expensive coffee beverage. Well... there was a lot of ice, but at least I didn't pay an arm and a leg for it.That was it. Short and sweet. Oh I did happen to only have my card and my total came to $8.97. The cashier informed me I wouldn't be able to use the card unless I bought $15 or more the NEXT TIME I came in. ha! Not sure why I got away with that, but hey, I did!Oh they have fro-yo here too. I did not try, it but it looked good!
3	I was told that Lee's sandwiches was coming. I can finally get a decent sandwich. Well, Lee's sandwiches is here, that is true. Someone let me know when the decent sandwich arrives too. A big over rated I would say. It's pricey and I hate toasted Bahn Mi. I used to love getting them at the SF Market on Decatur and Spring Mtn but they ran out of business. Darn, they were really good and cheap! I much rather pay Lee's prices for theirs versus Lee's. It's an insult to my last name. And I don't even own the joint. Enough said. But you might like it. Some people like it and think it is good. I just think it is a skinny sandwich, average at best. Sure they have the same ingredients that you find in a regular Bahn Mi but you can just go here or Hue Thai and it would still be the same or better and cheaper. What's it with me and cheap? Writing these reviews, I can't help but notice I keep saying good and cheap. Oh wait, those are the places I like. Nevermind.
5	All their food is so good. I come here so often whenever I'm in Vegas. The price is decent, and their bread is really fresh!
2	Clean and sterile like an operating room.....Such a strange feeling to walk into Lee's Sandwiches, which is not quite a yogurt store, grocery store, or a sandwich shop, but some type of odd mixture.  There are overpriced "Imported from France" goods for sale on a few shelves throughout the store.  It's a random selection of cookies, teas, and other things you probably wouldn't buy when you're cruising for a sandwich.The yogurt machines are on the wall, like you would see at a yogurt store, but I'm not sure about the topping selection; it looked sparse at best. Now, onto the sandwiches.  The menu on the wall above the registers is big and colorful.  The pictures look exactly like the sandwiches do, which normally would be a great thing, but here it's a disappointment.  I went with the BBQ Pork sandwich.  These are in the style of Bhan Mi, but really subpar.  The bread is missing that great crisp you expect from a baguette.  The flavor of the sandwich was muted as well, and even biting into big slices of jalapenos and bunches of cilantro I couldn't really get into the sandwich.  There is now a $10 CC minimum if you plan on using plastic, but really, you're better off just going somewhere else.
4	Lee's Sandwiches is your best bet for a late night sandwich.  Such a large selection of sandwiches and Boba too.  Lee's ice coffee, if you sip it slow, will last all day, and maintain it's flavor and you can get it premade in their fridge section.  And such a multitude of snack items to choose from.  Bread is always fresh too. After hours are great to stay away from the crowd and Wi-Fi too.
3	Best time to eat at Lee's is when the HOT BAGUETTES NOW is on! Usually, we find the bread to be tough  but this time the bread was what I believed the original Lee's used to be. While waiting for your number to be called, try the shrimp and pork egg rolls. They're a decent snack for $3.99.
2	BASED ON BREAKFAST ONLY:Not impressed. Should have known better based on the reviews on here but I was desperate and hungry on my way to work this morning. I got the bacon, ham, egg and cheese on a baguette and a raisin croissant. The sandwich took a few minutes and I was so ready to tear into it when they handed it to me. I was on my way to work so I took it to my car to eat on my drive. Unfortunately I quickly found out that my sandwich was cold. Not warm, cold. I can't remember ever, EVER, getting a breakfast sandwich cold. It didn't even feel like it had ever really been hot. The ham for sure had not been heated up at all. It was fresh out the cooler. Oddly, the sandwich was still decent tasting (maybe I was just that hungry). The baguette was good and had a nice crunch to it. If this sandwich was served hot as it should be this might be a completely different review.Note to self: stick to McDonalds breakfast.Oh and $10 minimum on Credit Card for a restaurant/food chain is absurd.
1	not very good
3	My Recommendation: hit up Mr. Sandwich around the corner instead lol.The sandwiches here are good, they're just way over-hyped. The prices are real cheap and the speed at which the prepare your meals is pretty fast. I don't have too much bad to say about this place, I just don't have too much great to say either. It's just "good".I will say that the Avocado Smoothie here tasted like I was drinking liquid cardboard lol.
1	I used to live in Orange County where Lee's first started to populate.  This Lee's sandwich is over priced (Most likely because it's Vegas).  It looks like kids are running this place.  They don't know how to offer service.  Lines are unorganized; can't tell who is up.  Pick-up is a mess as well.  Their sandwiches are the same as the other Lee's.  Must eat right away otherwise the baguette will harden.  Usually get the Special and it's average; bread wasn't warm at all.  Coffee was over price; should have went to Starbucks for that price.  Parking is a pain in this are with Hot n Juicy a few stores over.  Not worth the time or money.
2	Well well well Nikki finally makes it over to Lee's sandwich shop for the "infamous" bahn mi! I went with fellow Yelp buddy Jon who came up with this as a last minute idea since we had gone over to I love Arepas which was closed for the night, so over to Lee's we go. I was yelling in excitement as I was saying yeah I have been wanting to try Lee's from hearing about it so much on Yelp! Let's do it! We were on our way! :) Perhaps I should have read more recent reviews! It was a fun ordering experience at 1am, this place is bright, cute, clean and white! They call out numbers and we did not have to wait long for our sandwiches to go.I wanted a boba tea however was a bit lost in translation with the sweet gal behind the counter, when I asked what flavors of boba they had it was a game of the first one she says that sounds familiar is what I shall get. She said Lipton, OK that's it, I will take it! Lipton iced tea yeah I know what that is, however not really what I wanted, an iced tea boba but definitely interesting!We both ordered the BBQ pork sandwiches to go, could not wait to get home and unwrap my bundle of bread. The bread is amazing, chewy, fresh and tasty! The filling was MIA, very little pork and veggies, was really just a baguette. I know they are not expensive however would rather them charge more and actually fill up the bread, that would be yummy. I loved the chili sauce, that is a must otherwise since there is so little filling in the sandwich it would be dry without it!This bahn mi would have been a real hit for me had there been more filling, the baguette is very good however, bread alone is not a sandwich!
1	What has happened to the quality of Lee's sandwhiches? Back in San Jose the food was great. The bread was crispy and light, the sandwiches were stuffed with meat, and the boba smoothies and iced coffees were what us college kids loved to spend our money on. I was excited for Lee's to come to Vegas, however, this place pisses on the image of what I remember Lee's sandwiches to be back in Cali. This place has hard bread, filling is kinda bare in the sandwich, the iced coffee should be renamed ice with coffee as my cup was done in like 3 sips (also the ridiculous price they were charging should be a crime), and the smoothies have no taste at all now with gummy boba. All I have to say is  BLEH...
3	Talk about bang for your buck, do the asian sandwiches as this is what separates this spot from any other sandwich shop. The bread is on point, and the flavors work, for something different, stop being such a sissy lala and try it
3	Yeah baby...bumped up to a 3 star rating now!I was just not satisfied with my 2 star rating that I had to issue in my first review.I wanted to give Lee's Sandwiches one more shot before I crossed them off my list forever!This visit was a lot better and I am pleased for that. I ordered the same a BBQ pork bahn mi and asked that they put extra sauce since last time the sandwich was a bit dry. The sauce they put in the sandwich is a yummy sweet special mayo, very flavorful indeed. This time the sandwich had more filling in it like it should, more BBQ pork and pickled veggies which was really good.I also ordered a passion fruit italian soda with the chewy gel cherry and fruit bits at the bottom as well as two chicken egg rolls which were delicious!Although I ordered the same BBQ pork sandwich as last time, it was much better today! Lee's seems to lack consistency which is important, not good when the way your sandwich taste or is made depends on who makes it. Really do not like to have to make a 50/50 bet or roll the dice on whether or not it will be hit or miss. Not a good factor!I will return and hopefully my order will come out and taste the same as today did rather than on my first disappointing visit.The only thing that could have been better was the wait for my order. There were only a couple of people in front of me and I waited for awhile in line and once I placed my order. Service could be faster that is for sure, there clearly is no urgency to get the orders out.
2	Great Value for the price. But the sandwiches are lacking something and I know what it is. You get a lot of fresh baked bread but wheres the meat? I usually get the bbq pork or the grilled chicken and each time they seem to be stingy with the meat. The sandwiches here are just bland and consistency isn't there. I was surprised when I tried the tuna almond with Asian vegetables it was tasty. I would love to try the locations in California maybe i'll have a change of heart or maybe its just this location.  Next time I have a Bahn mi craving i'll be going to a spot across the street.
4	Sandwiches are ok here. The baguette can be a little hard sometimes. The Vietnamese iced coffee is enjoyable but beware it is strong! Love all the pastries and treats they have, from beignets to the french horn. Bonus: Open 24 Hours
3	Pork me baby!Mmmm yes, my all time favorite is the BBQ PORK BAHN MI.Have been back several times for this sandwich as I often times crave it.Mmmm must always remember to ask for chili sauce to dip my sandwich in, yummy I love SRIRACHA. I know I need to try other bahn mi shops in town. This is my first and all I know really.The service is great, the employees are always friendly.
4	I think this is a well kept secret although many go to Lee's day and night. The pricing is very resonalble for their popularity. Check it out and be sure to get some yogurt while you're there. Fresh baked breads taste and smell wonderful
3	This place is great... it's an asian bakery, reminded me of place you could find in Korea (or Vietnam I guess)..... came here for a quick bit before the massage places opened.  They are quick and the prices are really cheap.  Got two sandwiches, 3 iced coffees and a fresh baguette.  The sandwiches are not gourmet or anything, but the bread is nice and it's tasty overall.... the iced coffee was too much ice, but oh well.  don't come here expecting fat sandwiches.. it's just quick/cheap grub... which is sometimes my style.
3	This is a great little cheap place off the strip. It is open 24 hours a day. I had the special combo Bahn mi. I didn't really like the bread, it was a little too hard for my taste. And there wasn't much filling. The ice coffee was great though. A little too much ice, but the coffee was really refreshing for a hot day in Vegas.
5	They (the franchsie) make the best vietnamese coffee!!! Wish there was one in Tucson :( Nearest one is in chandler.  My favorite sandwich is #11 combination. Lee's Sandwich is the best place to get a Bahn mi.
3	I think this place is open 24hrsGreat Sandwiches and friendly service. Very clean place. Brightly lit too. Alot of locals working in the hotels seen eating here.Cheap too. They are good Bun-me sandwiches.
4	Lee's we have come a long way baby, you and I have really got something going on.I am hooked and crave you constantly. Why do I have a constant simmering need and want for you? Your baguette bread is delicious chewy and always fresh, your BBQ pork is very tasty and your pickled veggies with sweet house mayo make my taste buds happy! Just a great combination of flavor and some really good bread just do it for me!I have been to Lee's so often that I have filled and redeemed the buy 10 get 1 sandwich free cards a few times now.I feel bad for my sweet boyfriend because my craving for this BBQ pork bahn mi sandwich is so often that he is tired of the sandwiches. :( He has tried them all, meatball, combination, BBQ pork etc and all are great but he just can't eat their several times a week like I can.I am addicted to this simple delicious and filling sandwich. My first visit and review was not so good however I gave them another chance and now am glad to report the goodness is consistent!I also enjoy their spring/egg rolls as well.
3	Sandwiches are pretty good but it takes forever just for them to make it and the worse part is they won't take a card unless it's over a certain minimum. It sucks that I have to go get cash just so I can get $3 sandwich. The only plus is that it's open 24 hours and great for super late night banh mi craving but be ready to wait your whole life.
4	Not sure why this place has such a bad rating, it is just like any other Lee's and its in the heart of Las Vegas Chinatown. If you can tell me a better place to get a Vietnamese sandwich, then perhaps I could see why you might not like this place but even then, the sandwiches here are awesome. Whenever I go to a Vietnamese sandwich (Banh Mi) place, I always order the grilled pork sandwich (thit nuong). This is not to be confused with the BBQ pork sandwich which is made out of the red Chinese style pork meat. The grilled pork is pork marinated in a concoction of lemongrass and various herbs that give it a great rich but fresh taste. That along with the toasted baguette, pickled carrots, radish and serrano chilies make an awesome sandwich. FRIENDLY TIP: If you're feeling a woozy hangover from the night before, which can happen pretty often in Vegas, grab a Lee's sandwich and take a bite. I've learned that nothing calms my upturned stomach more than toasted, fluffy bread. Oh and grab a Cafe Su Da (Vietnamese coffee) for the drive home - that coffee was made specifically for champs. :]
3	I was pleasantly surprised at the clean, modern looking establishment that's opened 24hrs a day. They had screens that announced your order in both English and Vietnamese. Too bad the food doesn't deliver. Many of the sandwiches are filled with too much mayo or whatever fatty stuff that is. The pate chaud was not that best I've had either. I tried the Bun with grilled meat and cha goi (egg roll) which was mediocre. 1 star for nice and clean restaurant1 star for being opened 24hrs1 star for serving Vietnamese food
4	Let's see... First off I only brought the sandwich to come back to my hotel and put it in the oven for the next morning for breakfast. I must say, they're slacking on the meat. So I was kind of disappointed, but it's ok, because it was still good to me. Reasonably priced, unlike Pho next door obviously. I also order the Ice Coffee Mocha. And oh my, its strong. Deliciously strong, that's how they usually are so I can't complain. Loved how it's 24 hours, and it was clean for sure. So it's not a big deal to me.
4	Very clean and spacious place in the midst of china town. Very helpful, speedy staff that makes fresh baked goods, smooth, tasty smoothies n iced coffee, delicious vietnamese, american, euro style sandwiches, dry packaged goods and more. We pre-ordered our sandwiches during lunchtime to beat the rush, easy ordering, fast, accurate pickup and yummy sandwiches & goodies. FYI: Cash only and if you forget, Lee has an atm there for you.
3	This is the largest Lee's Sandwiches I've been to and it's even open 24 hours! The sandwiches are pretty good, especially after being in Vegas for more than a week, and eating too much American food. It could do with a little less butter in it though.   Their iced coffee was good but quite strong, even after all the ice melted, it still tasted the same to me. I don't think the iced coffee is worth buying, being as it costs about the same as a sandwich.
4	Forget the haters. I would kill for this place to be next to my university's campus. My Viet friends all love this place. I like to think they know something the haters don't. My sandwiches were full of lots of meat, the right amount of condiments, and were served on very fresh bread.And I ask the haters.... where else are you getting superior Banh Mi sandwiches at this price, level of cleanliness, and similarly easily-reached location? Sure you can get a more homestyle Banh Mi in a hole in the wall and even then it isn't THAT much better.Honestly it's a Banh Mi sandwich. It's a really simplistic food.  If they screw it up there's no way they'd stay in business with the amount of competition in this area. From what I understand it is downright cutthroat in that area.
2	We finally made it to Lee's ,with all the hoopla of the grand opening last year  this has been on the radar for awhile.      I know with all the bad reviews , I still had to try it for myself. 8:00 pm Saturday night it was pretty empty, more of take out orders then dine in .     Wife and I both had smoothies watermelon and strawberry both with boba.  We both enjoyed our smoothies very refreshing.                We had a chicken and grilled pork bahn mi .  Both sammies were dry needed more mayo, meats seemed pre cooked to me.       Disregard the Hot fresh bread sign they have , i think it is permanently on , bread was not hot or fresh.       The positives  :  Dining area very spacious and clean!!!     The reason for second star bathroom was very clean and not the single person bathroom , I expected when I first saw the door. When I opened the door I really said "wow" .  I would give it another star  just for the bathroom ,, but did not want to mislead people who don't read reviews , but just go by star ratings.      If you get anything from my review it's this , if you have to go potty in Chinatown , Lee's is the place!!!  If you see me at Lee's   I probably just came to use bathroom.
1	I guess this is the place drunk people go to eat after a night of hard partying when they don't really care if the food tastes delicious or not. I've given this place a few tries, but each time I've been disappointed. The meat in the banh mi is almost nonexistent and has a rubbery texture, like it's been sitting out all day. The bread is stiff and hard all throughout when a well-baked baguette should be soft on the inside. Service isn't all that different from a fast food restaurant, you get in line and pay for your order, then they call out your number. I haven't tried their American style breakfast sandwiches, but if they can't even make their Vietnamese sandwiches right, I'm scared to taste their American sandwiches. I'd rather take my money to Hue Thai or Dakao.
2	man, the bread is hard as hell. everything else is okay. check out hue thai for some good banh
4	Good baguette, crunchy outside, soft inside.  You can smell the bread baking in the air.  We picked out two sandwiches, one pork and on chicken.   The pork is thinly sliced, the veggies also thinly sliced, and the is a very long thin slice of jalapeno.  It seemed a little dry, so it needs a bit more spread but not a bad sandwich. The chicken isn't as good, it's dry through and through, I don't think extra mayo would help. They also have boba's and I tried the strawberry.  It was very good.  Overall, a good sandwich, and know I'd try again.
4	Not sure why this place isn't rated higher than it is.  Walked in with my Dad on a Saturday afternoon hungry.  No line, no crowd.  Ordered up four sandwiches for me and the fam, and the cashier politely let me know that I get a free fifth one.  Don't mind if I do, yo.  They were done in no time and we took the bag of goodies home.  I sat with my Dad in silence, eating my grilled pork sandwich.  Downright delicious.  What really makes a sandwich is the bread...this French bread was perfection.  Again, perfection.  I will definitely visit Lee's again when I'm in Vegas visiting fam and I am patiently awaiting for a Lee's franchise to open up in San Diego.  I knocked one star off only because it's cash only and I bet the ATM machine charges a human pinky in ATM fees.
4	I have been going to Lee's sandwiches for years now- since my days in the Bay Area. I actually tried something other than the Vietnamese BBQ pork sandwich this time around. I went with the salami and provolone sandwich on their croissant roll. Fantastic! It was piled high with meat, cheese, lettuce and tomato. The sandwich was so filling, I couldn't finish the tasty french horn dessert I bought (puffed pastry with vanilla custard). I love this place, and can't understand the mediocre reviews at this location. The food is good-the prices are better! Next time I will try that green coconut waffle that I keep hearing so much about.
4	Don't get the negative reviews. Lee's has simple, cheap bahn mi and is open 24hrs.
4	This is more of a 3.5 star, but I will round up, since it is a 24hr spot.This is a little bit of everything in Chinatown.  Not only do they prepare decent sandwiches, but they have plenty of other items on the menu including frozen yogurt, fresh baked goods, and boba drinks.The food is not mind blowing, but it is pretty decent for the money, and the portions are fair.  Everything I have had tastes fresh, and haven't really had any issues here.Overall, it is a solid place to eat late at night, but you won't really see me here before midnight, since there are much more places I would rather eat.So overall, a 3 star review if you are dining here before midnight...a 3.5-4 star if it is super late and you want something fast and cheap.
3	I had the #6 BBQ Pork...They could put more meat on the sandwiches BUT that might take away from the awesomeness of what they are serving. The bread and its crunchiness is #1 with me followed by the different ingredients on these sandwiches compared to your typical Deli Sandwich = thinly sliced carrot, jalapeno and stuff I dont know LOL!!. They do serve Deli style sandwiches but why do that when you can have something different. And the price is right = $3.39.I am a former General Manager of a Steakhouse and I KNOW that if the owner is taking care of the little things, more than likely they have already covered the Big things. You can see by the cleanliness of the restroom = Ice in the Urinals!! That they are on the ball. I like the dining room also with the Large screen TV;s and the big over sized booths. So if you are in China Town, stop in and enjoy a nice sandwich. Why not? I cant think of a reason. : )
4	The best thing about being trapped working in a dark, reality-TV, control-room is that LEE's Sandwiches is ONE BLOCK AWAY! The #5 Pork Sandwich has always been a classic for me. Having been to college in the OC (CA), one of the few places that's open and crowded at 200am is LEE's! The smell of fresh Baguette's is devine.
3	Your fairly typical Vietnamese sandwich can now be found in Chinatown of Las Vegas. Lee's is a chain that you can find in a lot of major cities including LA and SF. However, the prices that I am used to in California are definitely not found here. I would say they are about $1 more expensive than usual being right under $4 for a sandwich, but still whenever I am craving a pretty good Vietnamese sandwich (be it a chicken, pork or special), I can come to Lee's to get one....at any of the time day since they are open 24/7. You can even satisfy your slot machine craving in the front or get some frozen yogurt too.
3	Pros: its 24 hours, theres alot of variety on the menu, pretty central location, and spacious area to hang out inCons: cash only, some menu like spring rolls are blahoverall I'd say its a decent place, good for if I need a late night snack in chinatown. Its reliable in the sense that your experience is always pretty positive
4	Yap! a fan now, I had the teriyaki chicken on a huge croissant roll that was so,so,good and wifey had the teriyaki chicken on a baguette that was crisp on the outside and soft on the inside,we also had some manjoo cakes(very very good) also a box of L'Authentique Crepe Dentelle were very light and crispy just plain awesome.This place in huge,bright,clean,with a lot of glass,the staff were helpful and friendly,they sell other Items along with a area that self sreve frozon yogurt,the may be one of my favorite places in Vegas to get a awesome european sandwiches.
4	I simply love Lee's!!The sandwiches are interesting; a mix of what you know and what you may not have considered. The prices are unbeatable. This is honestly one of my Drunk Munchies spots :)One thing I can warn you about: order by number and be careful not to deviate. EVERY TIME i have had done so, the order came out wrong... so I just don't do it any more. The sandwiches and coffees are fine the way they are prepared.Be aware that this is a combination of various cultural influences. The combinations may not be to every tastes, but I have yet to be disappointed by a breakfast or late meal from Lee's.GO TO IT!!
2	Yelpers, you've failed me! Came here craving for some delish/authentic banh mi. This franchise was too Westernized for me. I had to asked the server several times that the chicken sandwich was an actual banh mi because the picture looked like an American sandwich. The taste was quite bland/blah. Their milk tea was average. Nothing above and beyond about this place at all. At least I can say I've had it and whoever is ranting/raving is a liar!
5	Let me start this stating by stating the obvious - I am a white girl. I am however a foodie. I was turned on to this place from my nail lady. She's from Vietnam, so I figured she would be able to steer me in the right direction to satisfy my banh mi craving.Steer me right she did.  I had the bbq pork on my initial visit. The bread was perfectly fresh- still warm, delicate crust, light fluffy billowy center. They don't overload the fillings, They are however filled perfectly. The balance between their meats, pickled veggies, cilantro, fresh jalapeno, magic house mayo, and fresh french bread is the thing that inspires symphonies. In summatoin: PERFECTION
2	I've been meaning to check this place out for a few months now. I finally walked in one day and walked right out. Nothing looked good. I realized there was no other option that seemed good in the shopping center so I walked back it. It dirt cheap in there. You will know why once you taste the food. The bread was the best part of the sandwich.
2	Came in for something to eat/drink after dinner. Decided to get the sugar cane drink since that's what most of the reviews were for. Definitely alot of ice in the drink. I think i got 3 good gulps before I was done. Never had sugar cane before so I don't know if it was good since I have no comparison. But considering it was $4 for 1/3 cup of actual drink and there was literally no one else in the place while I was there I'm guessing the popularity of this place has gone down as well.
1	I HAD A SEVERE CASE OF FOOD POISONING from one of their sandwiches yesterday.  The cooking oil is old and the foods aren't properly refrigerated.
1	Good coffee but Their unrefrigerated mayo is breeding ground for salmonella.   great place for food poisoning.
5	Get the bbq pork sandwich and ignore the rest of the menu.
5	I don't understand the low rating.  The sandwiches are reasonably priced.  They make the good crusty bread on the premise.  The veggies in the banh mi are pickled and give a great crunch and flavor to the sandwich.  Can't beat the price for what you get.
4	I was pretty pleased with these sandwiches. Not the best I ever had but was good enough I will hit it again. I have the shressed pork and the bbq pork! Nice..
1	There's a Lee's in SF and it's pretty gross, so I don't know why I even bothered. The place smelled like Pine Sol and vomit.The Tofu Bahn Mi was gross. The veggies didn't seem fresh and the bread was way over toasted, so I was left with something very dry, almost powdery once bitten into. I was hungover and starving, so I tossed the bread and ate the stuff inside. Still gross.It was my homegirl's birthday, so I hassled the kid behind the counter about giving her something and he gave her one thousand sesame balls. They were chewy, old, and missing the essential bean paste inside.I hate you, Lee.
3	Good food but no debit cards so this is a minus.
3	I like their sandwiches. I get the pork roll/loaf (#2). I can't decide what to think about the meat portions. You only get two slivers of pork- unless you ask for more. I am not sure if I would want more. I get so much enjoyment out of the crunch and pickled-ness of the veggies, that I wonder if more meat would take away from that enjoyment. I know when I make banh mi gio at home, I load it with gio and get grossed out by the time I get to the half mark (the dogs love that though)! My bf gets the combo sandwiches and those are pretty tasty with plenty of meat.
4	I love Lee's sandwhich in general and this place is no exception.  I'm starting to feel like it's the Asian MCD since the look and feel and menu of all of them are exactly the same so I always know what to expect.  Everytime I come to this one though, there is always a looooong line.  Then when I finally order, it is still a bit of wait to get my food.  However, still worth it to me.  What do I get? My go to is always pate cha sandwhich and a durian smoothie- love love.
4	Actually this place taste alittle better than the ones in San Jose. I am impressed. Pros: Opens 24hrs, cha and banh mi taste better than the locations in San Jose, Nice place to relax and chill with friends:Cons: Hard to find parking, price is alittle more than the ones in other locations in the bayStill a great place to eat good cheap foods compare to other places in Vegas..I would say better than Mcdonalds...
3	When there is a Lee's in your city, that is a good indication Viet community ain't too shabby size wise. For growing numbers of Viets relocating to Las Vegas from Cali, this is for now, the only Lee's operating in the city of sin.And for what it's worth, the location of the world's largest banh mi franchise doesn't bite the sour bullet the same way so many of the others do. The sandwiches are solid, but not enough to be considered legendary on their own. Sure, it's factory produced with the bread baked in house, but like many chain'y executions, the food lacks the love and subtle touches other local banh mi joints would otherwise put out. The dac biet (special) version of their Viet sammy may be their most reliable sandwich, even if the bread is a tad often too crunchy for the already bloody roof of my mouth.When all else fails, shoot for a Viet coffee or one of their cold beverages. Vegas is already hot as hell during the summer, so their iced coffee actually does hit the spot. While it's tempting (and always available), don't give too much thought to their random snacks (goi cuon, cha lua, etc.). You'll likely find better at the Viet supermarkets or local delis, but expect a price inflated version at Lee's.Got the munchies at 3AM? You're in luck, this Lee's, much like the rest of their neighbors on Spring Mountain are open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Drunkards are less likely to come here from the strip from a cab, so expect a crowd of locals or Asian food craving zombies to source the late night scene.
5	I LOVE THEIR COFFEE! I see that everyone compares them to another location in other states, and I am like who cares? This place is HUGE, open 24 hrs, has great coffee and amazing sandwiches! My husband is a picky eater and loved the food! I talk about that coffee everyday! He ordered the Mocha iced coffee and I ordered Vanilla, both amazing!!!
3	Well I will say my husband IS IN LOVE with this place. I think its because the type of job he has and works graveyards and lets face it, fast food gets old. But I digress, back to the food. This is the first real experience ive had with sammichs from.. where they come from.. The bread is ok very crusty and it really does get all over you but lends itself to hold the banh mi (Grilled chicken) I dont try anything else bc I can probably make a better sandwich at home myself. The pickled daikon are sweet and gives alot of contrast to the meat and the other ingredients. Theres also some heat on this sandwich via fresly sliced raw jalepenos on the sandwich.. FYI be careful because the first time I had this sandwich not realizing what was on it  I got a mouth full of jalepenos and I thought I would never be able to feel my lips again. (if you enjoy pain, have at it). In all fairness when I do come back its only with the hubby because hes working I know what to expect, nothing more nothing less. They do have awesome smoothies, italian soda's freshly made (mango is my fav).  which kind of confuses to me but I guess since its considered to be a sandwich shop I guess it makes sense.Location is 24 hours!
3	Whenever I go here my usual is the #4 Grilled Chicken. For those that are noobs, its like pho but in a french baguette without the broth. I referenced Bruce Lee because they also put fresh sliced jalapenos in it. So if you arent expecting it, watch out! Gives you a really good kick to your taste buds! If you are not sure what to get, just get whatever every body gets by default when they go here for the first time. The #1 Combination. It has a lttle bit of everything in it. Well, not everything but if you wanna play it safe, this and the grilled chicken are safe picks.For those that dont find the baguette sandwiches appealing, they have huge croissant sandwiches. Yes, they have European sandwiches. Not sure why they would have these because they are a Vietnamese sandwich place but it is good! Now these sandwiches are much more tolerable if you dont wanna get surprised with what is in them. You have choices like roast beef, turkey, and ham just to name a few. Im not gonna go over every little thing they serve cuz otherwise you will be falling asleep. They also have nice appetizers like hot wings and spring rolls along with a whole list of different flavored smoothies. Dont forget to throw some boba in there! Oh, also did I mention they have frozen yougurt as well?Last but not least, a lot of people also get the ice coffee here. I have tried it myself and I gotta say, it does have a lot of flavor plus the caffeine you crave! Prices for the coffee are a little bit less than Starbucks which is a good thing.NICE RANDOM INFO: Its nice that they are open 24 hours so if you got the munchies at 3 in the morning, you are set! Free wifi! You just need to ask. I think last time it was their business phone number. Last but not least, if you are there long enough, you can learn the numbers 1 to 99 in Vietnamese!BAD RANDOM INFO: Just recently they started taking plastic but there is a minimm of a 20 dollar purchase. They should of just kept the cash only policy because if you dont have any cash than you have one of two choices. 1. Purchase more food than you planned. 2. Get money from their ATM which leads to more fees not only from the machine, but from your financial institution as well.So every now and then, a trip to Lee's should be ok, hence the 3 stars. For more info on the rest of their menu, go to their website: www.leessandwiches.com
5	Always consistently good quality Bhan Mi that you can count on from Lee's.
3	Great sandwiches! Open 24 hours so when you stumble drunk out of the karaoke bar at 3am you've got a place to soak up the booze.
3	Leaving Vegas Sunday morning? Have a massive hangover? No time for pho since you wanna bypass the horrid traffic you're about to encounter?Had enough Mickey Ds, Earls, and In-n-Out for the weekend?Well come grab some Lee's. Quick, fast, not exactly cheap, not exactly delicious, but it will suffice. When in Vegas, you know you're going to pay more than you normally do for food.No, it's not the best Banh Mi, but if you're in a hurry and looking for a good portable to go food item, then Lee's should do the job.I usually got the number #11 combination..in all honestly, I have no idea what's in it.. they always advertise it..so why not?It's around $5 bucks for an okay size banh mi. Don't expect anything grand, just know you won't be hungry. I usually ask for more pickled veggies..which they charge $.25 for..and if i'm really hungry i go for an order of spring rolls too--a bit disappointing yes..but when you're hungover and hungry (since you were too drunk to make it steak and eggs the night before) the spring rolls actually taste decently refreshing. Plus that and the banh mi is easy to eat in your car ride home (or flight).As for the coffee...if you already have a hangover and is sensitive to caffine..I would skip it. That stuff is strong..and yes you would get a bigger headache!A few things.. Remember to bring cash, listen for your number to be called out, and don't complain..since you know what you're paying for..just eat the damn sandwich and be on with it. OH if you're lucky, they often give out samples of their other items.So..1 star for being open 24hrs, good accessibility, and 2 stars for the food.
4	This was the most crowded Lee's that I have ever been to! It was crazy busy on a Saturday morning and there must have been 10 people in line ahead of us. I didn't realize banh mi was an acceptable breakfast food, but I'd rather have that than an egg mcmuffin any day.I don't know why this place has bad reviews. Yeah, Lee's doesn't have the best banh mi ever, but it's acceptable. A special combination fueled my three and a half hour drive home! This particular location is huge and they have a lot of different things like sandwich combinations, bun noodles and fresh sugar cane juice. They also sell a variety of packaged asian snacks and even a Lee's vietnamese coffee maker!
3	It's not the best, yet it's not the worst. However where else are you gonna get that tasty Vietnamese sandwich in the middle if the night? Plus it's under $5!!!
2	If this is your idea of a ***good*** (not best, because there isn't such a thing as perfect) banh mi, please expose yourself to more locations.The good things about this place:+Fast+24 hours open (when you're still partying at 4AM and you want something, hell yes)+Bright and clean +Clean restrooms+Spacious, hip furniture, and no shortage of seats! Lee's designer sure knew his stuff. Visually appealing.+Efficient Service. I like the automatic vietnamese announcer voice that calls your number when you're called to get your sandwich. And then the guy that calls it in english afterward. Cute idea.The caveats:-The sandwiches (more on that later)-Can't charge card unless $20 has been met (there's a handy ATM machine here though!)-A bit Expensive for Viet sandwichesThe sandwiches here are like fast food to most Viets. Lol it's not the worst, but not the best. It's acceptable. The #11 Special Combo, #1 Lee's Combo, #5 Grilled Pork and #6 BBQ Pork are all okay sandwiches. They all came out THIN, cold, and the quality of the meat is less-than-tasty, like it's been sitting out. At some traditional places, your pickled daikon, carrot slices, and cilantro are placed in a separate baggie for you to put in yourself to your liking. Here, they already place it in for you. Not a huge deal because some banh mi places do this, but it kind of just reminds me of the fast food feel. Veggies weren't exactly fresh. The bread is a dry french baguette that isn't made fresh daily, but it's okay. The thinness and the scant flavorings of the ingredients is what bothers me. This place is fast food quality. You could make this at home. Not really worth the price. Maybe it's because I'm used to the traditional places or the ones in Cali that do it right with the quality meats and preparation, but it helps to let people know that this is far from a good banh mi spot.   Their ice coffee is awesome though. A bit hard to mess up and loaded with ice, but still tasty. I remember when I was younger and ordered one at Starbucks thinking it'd taste like viet ice coffee...I was definitely disappointed! I have to say Lee's really knows how to market! I'm pleased that this empire is doing so well. From the first time I experienced in Cali to now (the first one was actually pretty good ages ago), I'm glad that this company is doing awesome. But then again, it's a franchise. Not that that's a bad thing. It's no mom-and-pop contrary to what most people *might* think. But that's like saying that Subway makes the best sandwich you've ever had, in your life, EVER. (I like Subway once in a while...got nothing against them) Or maybe you're happy with that. More power to ya! What this place does well is introduce people to banh mi. =] It's just okay, not bad or great, but it's fine for a quick bite. The environment is fun to look at and awesome to hang out at with your friends no doubt. And who can argue with that 24-hour opening especially for late night cravings? Does it warrant a 4-star for the taste and ambiance alone? Nope.As another reviewer asked, would I go to some hole-in-the-wall over this place for a bit better quality tasting sandwich? Yes. Because it's a huge improvement over the banh mi here in taste and quality; costs just as much if not cheaper; and probably all on the same street (not that much farther than here). It's a simple dish, and I'm NOT expecting gourmet but that doesn't mean you should compromise taste for everything else. I recommend people try other banh mi shops for a better one and to keep an open mind!
4	There needs to be a 24/7 viet sub place in boston. the bread was so good! crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. i ordered the banh mi thit nguoi and was super happy. i also ordered a loaf to go and was surprised it was only $1.75!  i wish that the coffee was available not frozen. i also liked the snack options.
5	Love their crescents. The baguette is crunchy on the outside but soft on the inside. Their smoothies are sooo creamy and yummy... I've tried the banana, thai tea, strawberry, honey dew, watermelon... I always get #33 i believe. It's a crescent wit ham, turkey and cheese. mmm soo yummy... Even their french horn is yummy..Overall i love coming here. Just wish it wasn't thaat far.. lol.. I'm on DI and maryland and it's on spring mountain and decatur. But SO WELL WORTH THE DRIVE... :)
3	There are a few amazing things about Lee's Sandwiches that needs to be pointed out:1. 24 hours. 7 days a week. 365 days a year. All day, errrrday, baby! When the UNLV library closes at midnight and the 24 hour Starbucks joints are all full during midterms, Lee's is a great alternative as a study spot. 2. Iced coffee. A little disappointing because it's literally a cup of ice with a side of coffee. But no joke, this stuff is super potent. Ice will melt over time and the coffee will still stay strong and won't taste watered down. Condensed milk goes into this so for ya'll lactose intolerant people, pop a Lactaid pill or avoid it altogether. 3. Snacks. They have a good variety of Asian snacks. Sweet, salty, crunchy, candy-like...you name it, they have it. They're a little hard to ignore since they're staring at you while you're waiting in line to pay. I was a huge fan of their sandwiches when they first opened. Bread was always warm and soft. Ample amount of meat and veggies. But sad to say, it's no longer like this. The last sandwich I ordered, I felt as though I was fighting with the bread just to get a good bite. Hard, stiff, stale bread ain't my thing. I ordered the veggie sandwich and it got me scratching my head wondering where all the veggies were! I usually really like their pork and egg steamed buns too, but wasn't too appetizing during the last visit. More bun, less pork/egg concoction.All in all, I would recommend this place. They need to bring back good quality sandwiches though. Then this place would be fantastic.
5	I go here 2-3 times a week, while working in that area. The food is always Awesome and I am never disappointed. They treat my team very nice, and when we go in they remember my name.
5	holy asian Banh mi!!! What a killer sandwich!!1 i had been wanting to check this place out every time I came to Vegas, but never got a chance. Not this time, no way. I got a barbecue beef banh mi and it only cost me like $3.75!! The bread was perfect, the veggies nice and crisp and the meat was moist and delicious! Get there, NOW!!
5	Lee's Sandwiches open 24 hrs is a good thing i know i can count getting a sandwhich no matter what time its. Jut had a BBQ pork sandwich very good eating in and getting t go .....also got a tasty steamed Pork Bun!!!  would definitely recommend  for that late nite munchies time or after clubbing......
5	This place was so cute! I love how they are set up and they have a variety of snacks and the sandwiches were pretty good too. Overall this place was great and I loved it! ive been here like everyday this week lol
4	So glad we found this place.  The bread is so awesome!  Had the #11 combo banh mi and manjoo!
3	It's not bad. I went here for a hobby meet up last Sunday and it was my first time at Lee's. When I looked at the pictures here at Yelp, I was worried that it would be super busy with long lines. Luckily for a Sunday it wasn't. The hobby group I'm in only occupied one table and a few more chairs near the doorway against the glass window. I liked how it wasn't just a small eatery but it also had lots of prepackaged snacks and sweets. While there I ordered a regular Caramel Smoothie with boba ($3.49), and a Steamed bun with egg and chicken inside ($1.99). I didn't get to eat the steamed bun because it was big and hot (Currenly in my fridge the day after I got it). The caramel smoothie with boba was ok but it took a while to get. I'm glad that they have the number system because without it I would have forgotten about it or wouldn't have heard it on the PA system.Would I go again? Sure! With a lot of choices in sandwiches and etc there's still plenty of things I'd like to try.
5	Love the coffee... And they take visa!!!
4	This Lee's is like a mini market with packaged snacks, baked goods, refrigerated desserts, and bottled Thai iced tea and Vietnamese coffee. We picked up some sandwiches for the road before leaving Vegas. The sandwich held up well even after a few hours on the road. I really like the bread they use for their banh mi sandwiches, and I was impressed with their croissants as well. A welcome addition to Vegas dining options, especially since it's open 24 hours!
1	Lee's has been a chain I've heard about from natives of Orange County, but I had never been to a location until I went to the one in Vegas' Chinatown.My friends got some banh mi, steamed buns, and Vietnamese coffee. I ordered the combination banh mi and my hunger was sated. Nothing stood out or was overly special about it. Their bread was on the squishy side. I heavily prefer the freshness of the ingredients and crisp bread used in the sandwiches from Dakao. The Viet coffee was pretty bold and strong, but provided the needed caffeine fix. They fill the cup completely with ice, so there's not a lot of coffee, but the stuff packs a potent punch.At the time, we thought the food was pretty decent. That is, until a while later, they ended up feeling queasy and one friend had stomach pains. It was enough for us to throw the remnants of our food away immediately. No question.First time at Lee's ever proved that it'll be my last for the Nevada locations.
4	Umm don't know why I never rated this place.  I grew up enjoying the banh mi from this chain back in OC and the angst I had waiting for this particular Lee's was off the scale.  I love these sandwiches!  The grilled pork and bbq pork are my favorite.  And I love the fact this joint is open 24 hrs.  I've come here after work, shoots you'll see me at any given time throughout the day.    The quality of the sandwiches, the freshness I've grown accustomed to from Lee's is there.  Apply the sriracha and your tastebuds are in for a ride of enjoyment like few others out here in Vegas.  And let me be the upteenth hundredth person to tell you their fruit smoothie bobas are magical!  The frozen boba perfect in this mildy hellish place we call Vegas during summer.    This place gets a 4 of 5, doesn't matter the time of day, you get a craving for good banh mi at a very reasonable price this is the joint to go to.  It's husky boy approved.
2	Prices increase by $.25 per item after 9pm.. Sounds fishy.BBQ Pork Bun: Slightly above average. Seemed fresh, the dough was still fluffy and not at all glue-y (you know what I mean). There was a decent amount of meat in it as well. Solid- would order again.BBQ Pork & Grilled Pork Sandwiches: I felt like there was very little meat on our sandwiches, piled high with the veggie fixings. We ate them, but meanwhile discussed how we should have gone to Hue Thai for that mouthwatering pork sandwich we got there last time. The sodas here always have a strange taste. I'm not sure why that it, it almost tastes plastic-y. All in all, we might pop by for the occasional pork bun (until I can find a better one elsewhere) but will be taking the rest of our sandwich money over to Hue Thai.
2	Not impressed. A #4 and iced coffee left me feeling underwhelmed by the whole mediocre experience. Couple that with the price paid vs. portion size received and I left hungry and very disappointed. I don't care if the place is open 24 hours and people rave about it, I'm just not a fan. I may give them one more shot just to see if I had a one time bad experience, but my first impression was not good.
1	Please do not support this business! I am horrified and angry about how I was treated! The customer service by far has been my worst that I have experienced. It is also unorganized when it comes to the card system. One of the workers (dont know her name but she was latina) swiped my card for my meal at $5.99. She brought back the receipt and the receipt said $16.48. Good thing I saw it before I signed my name! I told her that my meal simply only cost $5.99 instead of $16.48. While she went back into the card machine to see if an error occurred, my friends approached me from behind. I told them about the problem. I exclaimed "I hope she isnt swiping my card a lot of times!" The worker says this to me "You need to stop talking shit with your friends, im not fucking swiping your card twice!" In shock I reply, "What horrible customer service, its you're job to treat me with respect, how dare you talk to me like that!" she replied "if you dont like it, you can leave!" Not only was I embarrassed in front of everyone but I was humiliated. I have been going to Lees Sandwhiches for years now! I even told my friends! But being treated like shit ended it. I am forever done with this restaurant. I will tell everyone that I know that this customer service was not acceptable. I later on checked my bank account and I was charged twice! I had to call bank of america immediately and clear up everything! PLEASE DO NOT GO HERE!HORRIBLE SERVICE. LOWSEY CUSTOMER SERVICE.PLEASE DO NOT GO HERE!There is a cheaper and better viet sandwhich place down the next plaazas. WITH BETTER SERVICE.Dont waste your time and HARD EARNED MONEY!
1	Please please do not come here. Out of all the places for banh mi in Las Vegas, Lee's is by far is the worst.Their bread is rock hard, the veggies taste like they've been out for days, and there's barely any meat. Don't bother coming here for the coffee either because its 1/4 coffee and 3/4 ice. Everything is also overpriced.The place itself is a little awkward. The last time I checked they had a frozen yogurt place on the side but it was closed. I guess its great that its open 24/7 but other than that fact, I wouldn't come here for banh mi. Drive down up the street a little to Hue thai or Dakao for your banh mi needs.
1	Worst Lee's Sandwich ever!  I have been to several Lee's Sandwiches in San Jose and they are usually filled with so many variety of food items.  However, this one in Las Vegas (Spring Mountain Road), didn't even have spring rolls, rice plates, etc, and only had some small pastry dessert inside.  The store itself is really clean and big, but I don't even know why they have such a huge store if they don't even sell a lot of items.  The customer service is also bad.  We ordered three sandwiches with extra vegetables and hot peppers.  The sandwiches were made and placed on the rear counter behind the register.  I had to flag down the cashier to tell her my sandwiches were ready for us.  Then when we opened up the sandwiches, all there was inside was the meat.  They put all the "extra veggies" in a zip loc bag and basically told us to add the veggies to each sandwich.  Lazy ass fools! Go somewhere else and save your money.
1	The worst! Why are all the Mexicans making Asian food. So dumb. All I went in for was a waffle and they didn't have the batter made or the iron ON! At least let me know and I wouldn't have ordered it! It's 105 degrees out and my groceries are melting in my car! Have some common curtesy to let me know. Dumb just dumb
1	Be prepared to wait for your order.  The sandwiches are too much (dry) bread with weird bits of meat.  That's ordering pork or chicken...I didn't even order the "WEIRD" meats.  Easily the worst banh mi in town.  The pate chaud are obnoxiously greasy.  Ask them to double or triple bag them on to go orders unless you are cool with grease leaking through the bag & onto your passenger car seat.  On second thought...don't even order them.There is a girl that works the counter in the morning that needs to be fired.  One morning I ordered 2 chicken eggrolls & 3 shrimp.  After I order, she tells me if I order 5 eggrolls I get a discount.  I educated her in math & let her know that 2+3 = 5...ugh!  I also ordered a banh mi & she tried to correct the way I said banh mi.  I'm half Vietnamese & know how to say banh mi...double ugh.  I asked her for nuoc mam (fish sauce) & she looked at me with a blank stare...I had to tell her "Fish Sauce."  So much for my plans on hiring her as a Vietnamese tutor...Getting Sriracha sauce from her was harder than pulling teeth.  She looked down to where the to go plastic cups of it usually are & said they were out.  I had to ask her to get it from the kitchen, where I could see a bottle of it from behind the counter...triple ugh!  She has consistently sucked on other occasions as well.Only come here at 4am if you are drunk, have plenty of time & don't care what you are eating.  Do not come here if you have time constraints such as heading to work...you will be late from doing the girl at the counters' job.Hue Thai & Mr. Sandwich are better choices, granted they are not 24/7.
4	Bahn mi (asian sandwich) is very good. I tried the chicken bahn mi, the grilled pork bahn mi (favorite) & the BBQ pork bahn mi. We get the combo which is $5.99 for the bahn mi, 2 egg rolls & a 16 oz soda. Their European sandwiches look really good too. I am absolutely a fan. Especially because they're open 24 hours & they have a frozen yogurt bar (it's more like an icee, though). This is a new favorite place for us in Vegas!
5	Wow, this must be the flagship Lee's sandwich store. It's huge and sells all kinds of Vietnamese products from butter to kids jellies and from coffee beans to sugar cane juice. Soon to come are slots and video poker machines. So, you can have the perfect cure for a night of debauchery hangover, Banh Mi sandwich with jalapenos, sirracha sauce and a Ice Coffee and continue to gamble too. If your driving back home you have to get a couple of BBQ Pork or Special Combo #11 sandwiches for the road.
1	Sadly a costly business decision cost them another customer.  Apparently overnight they raised the minimum debit/credit to $20.00 due to increasing Costs?!?!  Sadly they lost more than that with me. Mediocre sandwiches, a perpetually dirty floor and now this....Mr. Lee when will you get it?
4	Their sandwiches are pretty good and very reasonably priced. They come on fresh-baked baguettes. MY favorite is the bbq pork banh mi.  It's a great lunch spot. Their breakfast is also good. Strong coffee is sweetened with condensed milk. It's a great way to start off your morning. It's open 24 hours and can be really busy at times.But just so you know, unless you plan on spending at least $20, you better bring cash. That's their minimum for using plastic.
1	As much hype as this place was getting from people I know, I really really wanted to like the place. We ordered sesame balls with red been, one milk tea boba, and one passion fruit milk tea with passion fruit flavored jellies and boba. Unfortunately they were out of the sesame balls, but they said that they would make them fresh, and that they were worth waiting for. Needless to say i was way excited, and looking forward to my freshly made treat.  5-7 min later we finally got the our drinks, however it did not at all look like what we ordered! we received 2 what tasted and looked like iced vanilla lattes from starbucks with only boba in one and both boba and flavorless jellies in the other. Surprised by our confused looks, the lady at the counter offered to remake the drinks. It didn't look like she had figured out what we wanted, so I declined to get mine remade, unlike my friend who accepted the offer. Unfortunately, the second time around was just as unsuccessful. It still looked about the same, except now served in a large cup instead of a regular cup, and about 1000 times sweeter.  Even though we were disappointed about our beverages, that was not the main reason for our visit, so we were willing to overlook it. However when we finally got the sesame balls, they were not only super greasy, they were super hot, and NOT red bean. Really?! What did I just wait around for?!  I do understand that this place is called Lee's "sandwiches" for a reason, and I heard that their sandwiches are supposed to be pretty good, but after 3 strikes I don't think I wanna go back to find out.This place was disappointing, and I say save yourself the trouble.
2	This place is pretty pricey. I had a reg strawberry smoothie and it costs an extra 40 cents to get boba. A large was over $4. The taste was ok but it was made sloppy, kinda watery. Had better from hawaii. My moms durian was good though, but I don't like the inconsistency. All products should be made equally well. Workers are friendly enough.  Don't think is worth the hype.
4	I went here with my daughter and we had a good time. The sandwiches are made from fresh bread that is made there. I liked how they call your number over the intercom when your order is ready. The only thing that is wrong with this place is that they do not take debit or credit cards unless is a order of $50.00 or more. They have a ATM in the corner for people to use. Who has a business and does not take cards ?
5	Great sandwiches, very affordable.
3	I like the flavor, but they really need to make a less sweet version. They either only have the pre-made coffee, or black coffee.
3	Came here after eating pho at Kim Long. There is nothing particularly special about this Lee's Sandwiches other than it being clean and quite spacious. The Iced Coffee is still as good as I remember it. The Banh Mi Thit Nuong wasn't anything special. The bread itself didn't have a good buttery taste. The good thing was that the bread wasn't not overly toasted that my teeth break as I eat the bread (this has happened to me before). The cashier lady wasn't the friendliest but it'll do as long as my order is right. Their register is very modern in that your order and price appears in front of you as they enter it in. The awesome thing is Lee's is open 24 hours but they do have a slight nominal fee when you order during the wee hours. They also don't take credit if your order is under $20. I mainly would only stop here if we were in the Asian part of Vegas or I needed some Iced Coffee for the road back to LA.
4	I love there iced coffees! ive never eaten the food, but i hear the sandwiches arent bad
5	I dont understand any of the negative reviews abut this place. This place makes the best sandwich ive ever had. I only order the special combination sandwich. Head cheese, pate, pork roll. I had this sandwich a few weeks back for the first time and have been back 6 times since. The combination of flavors is a masterpiece. I once waited 35 minutesin line for a sandwich. I crave this sandwich everyday, at under $4 this is an excellent deal. I love Lee's, and am glad that i live around the corner from this place.
3	Definitely not as good as the ones in Cali, but it's not too bad. There are plenty of other choices for bahn mi around town but its not too bad. I've only ever been here at night. I like their Italian sodas. The sandwiches are decent, I've had better, but it's not bad. I would actually rather eat the sandwiches after I get them home and microwave it because the bread gets so much softer.
3	had the #6 and also an order of wings. for the price it was great. it was good but not great. on the plus side, its 24 hours.
4	Delicious Banh Mi Sandwiches in Vegas!!  A Chinatown in Vegas, who knew? Back at home, I live about 1.5 miles from the mecca of Vietnamese food in the DC area (Eden Center), where there are tons of banh mi spots that everyone loves. My co-worker told me I had to try Lee's Sandwiches, and I was skeptical, but I knew he knew his food so I took a cab out to Chinatown.Went inside, and it was definitely a different set up than what I am used to for a Vietnamese place. It offered Vietnamese and Euro sandwiches, but the star of the show here are obviously the Vietnamese offerings. So i got the special combo, with the eggrolls. The Banh Mi's were superb! Lots of flavor, the pate and pickled vegetables were on point, and the cuts of meat didn't taste cheap like some banh mi's can have. It actually tasted better quality than most, and was very filling! The baquette was crispy, crunchy, and very tasty. This was actually one of the best banh mi's I've had, and I've eaten plenty of different banh mis... From San Francisco, NYC, DC, and now, oddly Las Vegas.
2	I adore Lee's Sandwiches for their convenience but it's not consistent between different locations.  This location is great because it's relatively close to the strip and it is open 24 hours.  However, the sandwiches, drinks and pastries are much better at the Lee's in California.Overall, Lee's Sandwiches is just overpriced Banh Mi's. reminder: there's a 25 cents additional charge per item after hours
4	Great place and great food. I enjoy the bbq pork sandwich, thai tea and banana delights!
2	1st timers here.  The husband ordered a combo and I had a grilled pork sandwhich and Thai tea.  Other than the bread being tiny (is it just me?) the sandwhiches were just.. Meh. Thai tea is always good. Price was pretty decent. Then again, coming from Hawaii to Vegas, everything here is pretty well priced! Now lets get to the part why 3 stars are missing. The smell of the restaurant was HORRID. smelled like a dead pig or garbage.  I don't know if that's normal cuz it's in Chinatown? No. Can't be. We walked in a few other restaurants and they were fine.  I have yet to try the other sandwhiches but I think I'll check out the one on Eastern.
2	Popped in Lee's to grab an iced coffee and grilled chicken sandwich before leaving Vegas. I thought this was a good idea because I love their coffee.  This location is huge, probably easily double if not triple some of the other ones I've been to. There are plenty of tables for customers. I am assuming there's a huge demand for cheap Vietnamese sandwich at all hours of the day/night since this is a 24hr location. My assumption is probably correct except holy moly, no cheap sandwiches at this Lee's! Everything on the menu is at least a dollar more expensive. What I pay for a large coffee back in LA can only get me a regular size. I guess the sandwiches are still cheaper compared to most American joints, but certainly not by the Asian standard.  I waited a good 20 minutes for my sandwich and drink. And I'm not really sure why it took that long because there aren't many people ahead of me, and they had at least 2 people making the sandwiches.  My grilled chicken sandwich was pretty dry compared to the ones I've had in other locations. Not a fan of this Lee's and will not be returning.
2	I'm not sure when this started but tonight I noticed a sign that states from 9pm to 5am there is a 25 cent surcharge on every item sold. The establishment is open 24 hours. It's ridiculous that they would operate in this manner.  Are they paying their employees more in the evening? Highly doubtful. Bread was delicious as usual. Hot and fresh.
2	This Lee's sandwich suck.  All California Lee's sandwiches even the ghetto one  are much better.  Dakao sandwich by Lindell and Spring Mountain is better.
3	Its not my favorite spot for Vietnamese sandwiches in the area .. but it does the trick for being open 24/7. I absolutely love the coconut waffles and the location is pretty convenient.The prices are reasonable. Its more of a American Vietnamese sandwich spot then anything.
3	The best thing about Lee's is that its open 24 hours. They have a large menu, so there's plenty to choose from...Sandwiches, che(viet desserts), smoothies, coffee, eggrolls, pok buns, and etc...Fast casual spot. You won't be served here so don't expect that. They're are located in a busy plaza of Chinatown so parking might be difficult during the the dinner rush. They only accept cash, which is ridiculous. There is an ATM on the side of the restaurant, but to have to pull out money from an ATM and pay a fee for a 3 dollar sandwich upsets me and most probably. Great place for a quick snack in Chinatown. Might not be the best place for Vietnamese sandwiches in Vegas, but they are so convenient that I don't see them going anywhere anytime soon. It's upsetting because I'm from San Jose and grew up on Lee's Sandwiches, and this just doesn't cut it.Their cafe sua da is amazing. They put way too much ice in it so you might want to wait til it melts a bit...pretty thick otherwise.
3	they have the STRONGEST coffee I know. I drink a lot of coffe but every time I drank their coffee, I get the jitters. Their sandwiches are alright. I mostly go there for the strong coffee and the Vietnamese desert.
4	Food was great!! Found this place by accident while looking for food trucks.  Lots on the menu to choose from,from Asian to Euro sandwiches, churros,steamed buns, and fried chicken. Baguette reminded me of being back on Germany.  One bothersome item os the $20 limit to not get charged a fee.
4	Great sandwich shop. French baguettes are great! The only reason I gave them a 4 is because they always seem to give me the wrong drink. It doesn't matter what I order I always get something different.
3	Good smoothies and vietnamese sandwiches.  That is about it.
2	So you like Vietnamese food - banh mi, cafe sua da, che' but your favorite place closes at 9 pm? Well Lee's is your alternative. Unfortunately it's more an essence of Vietnam vs the real thing. Cafe sua da didn't taste strong, nor fresh and of the pastries we had none of them were Vietnamese in orgin - rather tasty but not the real thing. We avoided their banh mi as my sister-in-law thinks their bread is hard and they are light on the meat/vegetables. So overall it beats the alternative at  11pm at night but go to a real mom and pop Vietnamese place during normal hours and skip the corporate knock off.
2	Not very impressed with the Vietnamese sandwiches here at Lee's. Maybe its because the last time had one felt like they did things the right way. My first impression when I walked in was is this even a Vietnamese establishment. Not that one too judges book by its cover. Sure they had small section selling Vietnamese products from candies, dry goods products, baked goods, and beverages. It felt more like american chain sub or sandwich shop. I had the grilled pork sandwich or thit nuong. The same one last time had one but this was in Sacramento area. Not as though not close because my grilled pork sandwich had all the condiments that traditional. The spring of cilantro, sliced jalapeno, the carrots and believe daikon, and if there was anything they did hit on point was the bread. The bread was perfect hot, fresh, crispy outside, and great bread. They place they feel short for me. The grilled pork lacked flavor for me, portion size could have been bigger, the sauce or spread inside not fan of, and when combine everything together nothing Wow or get excited about. My dad who visiting order the combination sandwich. Not sure the types of meat in it but not fan more so then grilled pork sandwich. Really if looking too get Vietnamese sandwich not the pace too go. I know I was disappointed.
3	Have you ever had so much to drink and was starving, but your body is just too damn lazy to put in any effort for pho or oxtail soup? I come to Lee's for a sandwich, of course. There's really no effort in eating a sandwich. You open your mouth, bite down, chew and swallow.I made the boytoy bring me here since I sort of had a craving for banh mi and because he said he's never been. This is probably the worst place to introduce somebody to banh mi. Lee's is like the McDonald's of banh mi. Many locations, not the best quality. The bread was not crunchy. It was chewy and made my jaw hurt after a while. If you're not a fan of liver (like I am), don't forget to order your banh mi without pate. The cafe sua da never fails me, although it always comes with a crazy stupid amount of ice. It's open 24/7 and does the job. That's pretty much it.
4	24hrs, Food is what you pay for but the BOBA Smoothies are on point here.  Great Late Night Stop for a quick Bite
4	The first time I ventured here I was skeptical. I don't like bahn mi, so keep that in mind with the four stars. The foundation of a really good sandwich is the bread. If you have shitty bread, it doesn't matter what you throw on it, you're gonna have a bad sandwich. The bread here is good, really good. A nice crusty on the outside, soft on the inside bread. The toppings could be higher quality. I feel like I could probably make an equivalent sandwich if I had their bread, but I'm in chinatown ordering a salami sandwich. I really like grabbing some egg rolls or an Italian soda with my lunch. If you're on the fence about this place, stop by and grab a loaf or nine of bread. You won't regret it.
4	Not sure what all the unsatisfied reviews were for, but my first time there last week i was really pleasantly surprised.  Other than Spring Mountain Rd. always being congested as fudge, This Lee's I loved better than LA Lee's.  There was a generous amount of meat, an overload of veggies (which LA Lee's lacks on giving), and lastly...........the bread was SOOOO fresh - lightly crispy and soft at the same time, NO murder on the roof of ur mouth!  The bread was still warm out of the oven, i've never had that from all the other locations.  Everything seriously tasted fresh.  I'm bummed i only ate 1 sammich.  Being preggo right now, i could've totally devoured 2 and taken another one to go on the ride back home.  I will definitely come back fosho.
4	The size of this Lee's Sandwiches doesn't even make sense to me. This place is HUGE. They have random sectioned off seating areas and a large section against the wall with snacks and drinks.This is the perfect go-to spot to hit up before your road trip back home. Everyone needs coffee after a long weekend of drinking and partying, and Lees make AMAZING CRACK COFFEE. Parking is a little difficult since this plaza gets realllly busy, but it's totally worth the hassle once you get some delicious snacks for the road.
1	WTF is up with their new policy of adding a quarter to each order item after 9pm??? I have never heard of a more ridiculous pricing structure!!!Was a decent fan of this place before. Ok sandwiches and iced mochas.
4	Combo banh mi + Vietnamese CoffeeThis location is in a strip mall and to me had quite a bit of parking.  I ordered the combo banh mi with extra pate and a coffee to go.  The dining area is huge and there was quite a bit of people that day,  they effortlessly went through the line and I received my sandwich and coffee in less than 5 min.  We took it back to the hotel and I was impressed with the size and filling.  Not only was there a decent amount of meat for me, but quite a bit of pickled vegetables.  The crunch in the bread made polish off the entire sandwich(also just finishing working out helped).  The coffee was sweet and served as a dessert.  Looking forward to coming back.
2	I saw the "hot bagette now" sign flashing and assummed early in the am, this would be correct.  As my first time, I wasnt sure how to order but thought it would be a great sandwich based on the pictures. It was ok...baguette was fresh but not hot,  or warm. It was bland for a grilled pork sandwich.  The pork was not hot or warm. There was little sauce,  little veggies,  meat....lets say it was skinny. Anyway,  I'm sure I won't be back unless I want a skinny,  dry, grilled pork sandwich on a not so hot baguette.  Still, I ate it, so it gets 2 staaaas...
4	It's all about the baguette!! I will start with what I didn't like, the steamed bun with an egg and pork. There was a lot of bun with a tiny piece of meat and a hard boiled type egg. We were helped by the woman who takes orders who kindly described a lot of menu items. My wife and I split the BBQ Bork and Grilled pork Bahn Mi's. My grilled one had a lot less of pork than the BBQ one but both had excellent flavors and the bread... Wow! A perfectly baked baguette with such a great flavor and perfect crunch to it. It's a place you smell like well after you have left which can be a good or bad thing.
4	Great sandwiches, great bread bakery, and great prices. Now that I live back in Chicago I miss this place a lot I've never had a bad sandwich from this place. I would always pick up a sandwich, some bread and croissants for the house, they're always fresh and the place is open 24 hours, how can you beat that?! This place deserves 4 stars!
5	Mine and my wife's favourite go to place when ever we are in Vegas.  We usually come here because it's a nice break from all the buffets. The subs doesn't make you feel sick after eating it and the vietnamese coffee is the yummiest!
5	Prob my go to place to eat any time of the day.I usually go eat here after a basketball game or right before work and catch up on some sports.I get the number 4 which is the grilled chicken asian sandwich with no house pickles and no mayonnaise. Depending on how hungry I am I order 2 of those plus a chicken/shitake steamed bun.Clean bathroom is always a plus as well.Renown for its coffees and breakfast, even though I don't order anything from their breakfast menu.Deli Manjoos are also amazing
4	This Lee's is probably bigger than most others. Lee's is a chain so it tastes and costs the same but it's just as good. I usually order the BBQ Pork Banh Mi to go as my friends and I usually stop by here before leaving Vegas on Sunday morning. If you like Viet food and sandwiches definitely check this place out. (also serves Boba)
1	What a disappointment!I was starving when I came here, so I ordered a smoothie plus boba, and a Turkey Club on a croissant with avocado and extra veggies, then tipped the cashier.  I love sandwiches and boba, so I waited with high anticipation for a fresh, delicious sandwich on par with the quality Lee's popularity suggests.  Imagine my dismay when I instead got a stale, old, tough croissant with pre-squished avocado, a minimal amount of meat and veggies, and WAYYYYYY too much mayonnaise!Don't bother with the boba either, it's really hard and not fresh.  The smoothies don't taste like real fresh fruit either, even though they say they are. Funny, I didn't know jackfruit could be shipped to Nevada without being frozen. -_-;;  The smoothie I got didn't even taste like frozen jackfruit... it tasted like a premade flavoring added to a mix.I should also mention that the cashier was fairly rude while I was ordering, like I was an inconvenience to her in showing up and politely expecting her to do her job for a minute and a half. I was so hungry when I came here that I would have accepted even Subway as passible food.  For me to feel this badly about what they offered is a pretty abysmal first experience.  Due to such a stark lack of redeemable qualities I won't be returning... not even at 2 in the morning, not even if every other place is closed... I'd rather go to a fast food joint, eat a Cliff bar, or starve.
5	They can put boba in your tea, iced coffee, smoothies (1st for me) & Italian soda. They make their own bread on site, which just makes their sandwiches that much more epic. I love their food. Sometimes there is a bit of a wait to get your order because it's all made fresh (unlike typical fast food joints). If you keep weird hours, this place is perfect for you because they are 24-7. Yum :)
3	Wow this place is huge. Looks like they got more selections than some SoCal locations I've been to.We stopped by here before driving back to CA on Friday after Christmas. I didn't get anything (knowing the traffic we had to face ahead lol) but my friends all ordered their coffee. One friend is a regular lee's customer, so she knew to order with LESS ICE. The rest were ordering for the first time, so they were disappointed to see the 80:20 ice-coffee ratio lol their coffee is pretty strong tho.. one of my friends let some of the ice melted to water down the coffee cuz he thought it was too strong (he's a Starbucks regular). So yeah.. if you can handle their coffee, make sure to ask for less ice. Otherwise it's not worth it.We didn't get to try their sandwiches cuz we had late buffet lunch before coming here, but this is a chain eatery so I'm pretty sure their food tastes the same as the ones in CA. I honestly like their baguette.. they use rice flour so it's more crispy than the French one x)Oh and they also have deli manjoo here. My friends love them.. I think it's okay but then again, don't mind me.. (I don't have sweet tooth like the rest of em lol) they made them there, so you get to buy them when they're still warm :) and they also sell other drinks and prepackaged snacks. Whatelse.. oh restroom is regularly cleaned.. and umm parking can be a hassle during rush hour or holiday season.Hmmmm maybe I'll be back if I happened to be in Vegas and craving for some banhmis. Lol maybe. (I'm pretty sure Chinatown has better banhmi tho.. I mean there's a banhmi eatery too NEXT DOOR.. what's up with that?! Lol)
4	I love this chain because it's so convenient and a nice change instead of "fast food" but I'm only a big fan of their coffee.  I don't like their banh mi because I feel like their bread is way too hard and hurts to eat after awhile.
3	Hahaha. Can one write a review on a place they were at, but quite drunk at the same time? Yup, I was THAT girl - passed out in one of the booths while her friends are ordering.I remember that there were crumbs on the table, the seating areas, and the place wasn't too clean - but it was open until the wee hours of the night. Perfect for the after hours munchies. They have great iced coffee, so make sure you grab some!I'm glad they picked me up a sandwich - it was great the next morning. But what can I say? There's nothing that totally stands out with this place. So... A-ok. Lee's is located on Spring Mountain Rd - the "Chinatown" "Asian" area of Vegas. There's plenty of parking, no valet needed. Cheapie food, open til the wee hours.
2	Finally had the chance to try Lee's Sandwiches.  I have seen these franchises before, and I have always wanted to try their Vietnamese sandwiches.  My curiosity is now satisfied.We shared the #5 Grilled Pork Sandwich and the  #11 Special Sandwich.  Both sandwiches tasted bland to us.  Nothing special at all.Were there good things about the restaurant?  Yes.  The restaurant was clean, service was fine, and prices were fair.  Oh yeah, the Jackfruit smoothie was pretty good too.I probably will not return here anytime soon.  Maybe another location in the future.  In Vegas there are many other places to try first before coming back here.
4	When you think of Chinatown in Las Vegas, one doesn't usually equate it with extremely fresh baguettes. But that's what you will find at Lee's Sandwiches on Spring Mountain Rd. I have enjoyed my recent visits and here's why. Spoiler alert, because Hello Kitty. No, but seriously, there are a lot of fun characters that greet you on the way in.It wasn't my first choice to try Lee's Sandwiches when so many other options are available a few doors away. But what I discovered, mostly good, was an always open, quick service restaurant with a modern Asian flare.After ogling the freshly baked bread through their peek-a-boo oven window, ordering food was top of mind. I was hungry like a ravenous wolf roaming the frozen tundra.Ordering was a little sketchy, but I was thankful my purchase was fulfilled perfectly. I bought two BBQ oversized pork buns, a #1 BBQ somewhat spicy pork sandwich meal on a small baguette and a Dr Pepper no ice. It also came with a few egg rolls.Here's the thing with egg rolls. They could be nuclear hot when coming out of their warming box, but like shoestring fries, they go cold faster than an aluminum engine block, in the Midwest, during a Polar Vortex.A small tip from me to you, eat the egg rolls first. Then the pork buns and finally the sandwich. This latest adventure to Lee's had me trying a smidgen of mayonnaise on the sandwich. It may be shocking to some that I added mayonnaise, but it made the sandwich creamy, spicy and overall better tasting. Otherwise the sandwich is drier than your mouth after waking around in the desert for 20 minutes.I'd order this combo and sandwich every time I visit Lee's, it's that good. The BBQ pork buns are a few dollars each, but totally with it. The pork has a nice pink color with a hint of sweetness, exactly how I like it.But what's not to like at Lee's? There is unfortunately a few things that I must mention. The first is a minimum purchase when using a credit card. If you order food past a certain time of day, each item will cost .25 cents more. If you are trying to feed a family, those quarters add up fast. Then there's the drink, ice and refill situation. Order a drink with no ice and the cup isn't filed to the top, just where the beverage would have been if it included ice. A refill fee of .50 cents is next.Charging for refills is kinda baffling, like really? I can get a $1 large drink with free refills all day. But maybe they are trying to offset their free WiFi and TV? Probably not, but I can't imagine what their electric, gas and water bills are each month. All of that aside, I can't wait to go back to Lee's Sandwiches.
1	MAAAAAAAAAAAAN. Why you let me down Lee??Came here for boba. They've got a buy 2 get 1 free deal. I attempted to do it and she forgot my second boba. When I asked her about it she said its too late for me to do the deal since it wasn't on the original order. Alright. No worries. So I asked her if I could just order the second one she missed, she said okay, and took my order. BUT WAIT. No more boba. She seemed so dismissive and annoyed. Then when I asked if I could just wait for a new batch, she said something in Spanish to her coworker and said I could if I wanted to wait 30 minutes. Amazing. Purely amazing. Your complete lack of customer service is so welcoming. Your urgency to make a sale and retain customers is definitely providing you with a thriving business. So here I go, on my way home, with no boba... :'(
3	24HOURS? Wuuut.I come here to study, honestly. Not so much for the food. Although I tend to always get a boba or some snack of some sort because the snacks are everywhere & they stare at you & they tell you, "You know you want to buy me... Mmmhmm, I know you do.".. then you end up buying them. Haha! They also have Deli Manjoo, which I've been looking all over Las Vegas. Service is on and off for this place. Some workers are friendly, some just want you to not be there at all. But either way, I'll stay. Nice spot to study but don't expect utter silence. It could get loud, esp. at night. With all the drunkies craving foooood.
4	This is a good place to go if it's really late at night or early in the morning and I'm hungry. The smell of fresh baked french bread and other goodies is heavenly! The food is always super fresh, delicious and reasonably priced. I usually get the veggie bahn mi combo which comes with a drink & small bag of chips for $5.99. It's a decent deal and the sandwiches are pretty big so I usually can only eat half and take the other half to work or home. The Asian cashiers are so friendly and helpful and offer outstanding customer service but be warned... If you happen to get a Hispanic cashier and you don't speak Spanish there will be language barrier problems. The past 3 times I've had a Hispanic cashier, they were extremely rude to me! One started speaking Spanish to me and when I explained to him that I didn't speak Spanish, he rolled his eyes, muttered something under his breath and went to ask another Hispanic cashier for help. She was a little more friendly, and from what I could tell was trying very hard to understand me but due to her limited English and very thick accent, I was having a hard time understanding her as well. Eventually I got my order, and of course as expected due to the language barrier, it was incorrect. I had to wait almost 30 minutes for them to fix it. The second time, a different male at the counter spoke limited and very broken English. He tried to tell me my sandwich was not available with avocado and I explained to him that even though my sandwich doesn't normally come with avocado, I would like to add it. He then argued with me until the very sweet Asian cashier came around the corner and intervened. The 3rd time was probably the worst. The guy at the counter spoke almost no English, was SO RUDE and when I ordered my sandwiches and Buy 2 Get 1 Free Boba he kept messing up the order. He finally got the order right on the screen, but when it came out the cooks had messed it up. As I asked them to fix it, he argued with me and asked if it was okay if I just had the sandwich the way it was. Umm, NO, that's not what I ordered. As I was waiting, my Boba orders came up and sat in the window. Since my sandwiches were taking so long, the boba started to melt and when I finally got my order my smoothies were watered down, melted , warm and nasty. I asked them to remake them and the guy freaked out and said I was being picky. I asked to speak to a Manager and when the Girl came out from behind the back of the kitchen and I explained to her my story she looked horrified. She fixed my order right away and even gave me an extra boba for free. Win! :). Overall, my experience with this location is good. I frequent the Eastern location more simply because it's in the same shopping centre as my work and is an easy 5 minute walk. However, This Chinatown location is decent too. It's open 24 hours and has plenty of places to sit, charge your phone / laptop, study or just relax with friends. It can be pretty packed during the day especially around 11am-1pm and 4pm-6pm. I don't mind the wait, but the Chinatown traffic outside is horrible so be warned!
2	I have given Lee's many chances, and far too many disappointments have come my way. I think that I have particularly high standards for them because they are soo much better in California. Their sandwiches are usually sloppy with a lack of/ skimp amount of necessary ingredients such as pate and picked daikon and carrots. Their bobas are inconsistent and not always as soft and plump as they should be, but rather shribbled with a hard center and dripping with boba water residue in my slushes and teas. The slushes are watered down and flavorless. I have taken my out of town friends here to try, and was embarrassed in doing so. I should've known when I tried to order in Vietnamese, not one person understood me because there were no vietnamese workers there. This really doesn't matter to me, but I can certainly see why the sandwiches are not up to par with my cravings for authenticity. I'd rather go to hue thai for the best sandwiches.
4	For the money, hands down the best tasting sandwiches plus drinks.   Quick meal to dine in or out. Clean, free wifi, and amazing coffee.   Those french baguette s are made fresh daily.  I love the bread.
5	The #17 banh mi and pork and egg banh baos really hit the spot. I came here only to grab some buns at first, but the smell of the baguettes in the air made me order a sandwich as well. It was well worth buying it, the prices are pretty inexpensive too! Service was friendly and my food came out really quick. I will be making more trips back here in the future.
5	Was working right in front of this sandwich place and I thought if give it a try.Always loved the Vietnamese sandwiches!Finally a place where you know they make it!I'm not really fond of egg rolls, but I must say that the rolls here are quite decent.Will definitely come back again.
5	got the grilled pork banh mi and I was in heaven! Good balance of the veggies, meat, and sauces. Bread was super fresh and soft, it definitely was the best bread I've had in a banh mi sandwich. For 6$ you get a huge sandwich, 2 egg rolls, and a drink! Definitely will be back, so delish :)
4	We came here in a big group before our big race. Sandwiches are of course the bomb! The rude lady took away 1 star. They have also smoothies and bobas. Any baguette,I think, will taste delicious. It's Lee's and so famous!
3	I would take this over Subway any day of the week. I have had better Vietnamese sandwiches but for convenience and how quick they are I would recommend them to anyone.
3	I love Lee's Sandwiches. I really like this location since it is open 24 hours! It is super spacious and clean and has the best bahn mi sandwiches. My favorites are the BBQ pork and grilled chicken, but I haven't had anything here that was disappointing. I believe if you buy 5 sandwiches, you get one sandwich free. The only thing that was weird was that after 9pm, they charge you a late night fee of 50 cents per item, which can get expensive. They are cash only, so with all of the money they are saving by not paying service fees, I'm not sure why they have a late night fee? Bizarre.
2	Open 24/7... We usually come here earlier during the night but this time i just got off from work and was craving some vietnamese sandwiches... The service was very slow and they messed up on my order twice... Its a new lady that took my order... Was rude...
5	Great ice blended coffee, the cream cone pastry is awesome and the #6 is my favorite. The service is just service but to be expected since you are in china town.
3	After living in the Bay area for 6 months, I was aware of Lee's Sandwiches as a chain. But somehow I never made it in to visit. I was pleasantly surprised to see their familiar store fronts when I relocated here- and finally swung by this evening for dinner.Pricing and variety are good, with both European and Asian sandwich options- I chose the #6 bbq pork, and added on a 5-piece order of hot wings for $3. Not bad at all. Total order was under $8 and even though signage is posted about $10 minimum for credit cards, I was not hassled.As I waited for my order, noticed several other menu items I'd consider coming by for in the future: steamed buns in a warmer by the front counter, various Asian grocery store snackfoods, and cold coffee drinks available with boba- yum!Order was up quickly, sandwich was gigantic  (10 inches!) and wings were tasty. Considering they were "hot" wings, flavor was not spicy at all, but they were not bad. Sandwich was large enough that I barely managed to eat half of it, though a good inch and a half at each end was just bread and no filling. Way too much daikon was on my sandwich, giving it a mostly sweet taste with no attempt at balancing flavors- bread and sweetness overwhelmed.
4	I come here all the time for my triple shot coffee, their selection in sandwiches and snacks are great...the wait is sometimes long but it's well worth it. Best part is they are open 24hours and it's good for after the club munchies or just late night cravings! I love lee's my suggestion is to get that BBQ Pork Sandwhich with a croissant bread!
1	For two of large Thai tea cost almost $12, on the menu is $3 for a large Thai tea, but when I paid to the cashier they charge me $2 more for each large size Thai tea, no reasonable ,  and really bad service too.
4	Was walking through the shopping center and decided to stop in for a bite.  The atmosphere is great, I had a feeling of being somewhere totally different like I was in a little sandwhich shop in japan at 2am looking for some good food. The menu was a little confusing at first but figured it out and then asked whats good? We were recommended the combination #11. so we went for it. two #11 sandwiches with a soda to the tune of just $10.10. not bad for being 10" sandwiches! ! So we get the sandwhiches and start eating them only to realize a very different texture in one of the meats. I check it out to that it has head cheese!!! haha I never had head cheese and must say that im glad I didnt know that it was in there because I would have never tried it. The taste was a little strong for me but what got me was the texture and I had to take out the rest shortly after. Besides that the sandwhich was great, meats were tender, veggies tasted great and added alot of flavor to the sandwich and the baguette was to die for!! I would just eat the baguette lol! All in all a very good experince at lee's. Will definitely be back and will explore their menu!
5	Best sandwiches in town HANDS DOWN!
4	Liked- open 24/7- BBQ pork sandwich (the # 6)- quick service for the morning- breadSo so- no one making my sandwich was Vietnamese and definitely not LeeStill sandwich was good for the price.
4	Would get five stars but the some of the staff aren't the brightest. They have messed up my order twice out of the 4 times I've been here. There sandwiches are great though and it's like a little Asian market inside. Only able to do card transactions if spending ten dollars or more which sucks. Other than that everything else is good will not be going to subway anymore.
3	Cheap sandwiches but they're pretty whatever. I got the BBQ pork, which had pickled veggies that was a nice contrast to the pork. But other than that there wasn't much flavor. I love that the combination sandwich (#1) had pate as spread.
5	Got the #25 turkey club with American cheddar cheese. This sandwich never fails! :)  The sandwich was very good! It had more than enough ingredients which made the sandwich look delish but it was delish. I still need to come back and try some other kind of sandwich since I always order the turkey one. Nothing beats Lees sandwiches :)
4	**Cash only or a $10 credit card minimum**How does this Lee's get it right, but the Cali locations can't? We had plans to come here to just pick up a few fresh french baguettes for our lunch during the week, but it seems like Lee's had other plans for us. We ended up ordering a whole slew of things.5 baguettes - somehow their bread at this location wasn't rock hard and didn't cut the roof top of our mouth. Even after a couple days and after toasting, the bread was still tasty and tasted fresh. Great for making toast points for bruschetta, wine and cheese night, or making homemade banh mi sandwiches. 5/51 banh mi dac biet (special combination sandwich)- we asked for extra veggies and meat for an additional price. They did not disappoint, they packed the meat and the pickles on high. The sandwich was stuffed to the brim. 5/51 nuoc mia (cold pressed sugar cane drink)- this is the most refreshing drink on a hot day if it's done with fresh sweet sugar cane. Maybe the sugar cane they used the day I came was on its way out and way too ripe, it had an off taste to it, like it was almost ready to rott. We didn't enjoy it and couldn't finish it. 1/52 cha gio (Vietnamese egg rolls)- this is my favorite here, they are small and always crispy and hot. They are addicting! 5/53 banh tieu (hollow donut)- this is also one of my favorites growing up. I love the slight sweetness to them. Either eat it fresh, or take it home and toast it till its slightly crispy. It's good when it's a little crunchy. 5/52 pate chaud (pork pie)- the pork pies were all dough and barely a dot of meatball inside. It also tasted like they should have baked it for a little while longer since the dough inside tasted raw. 1/51 pate container- great for spreading onto thier toasted French baguettes, or when you make banh mi at home. 5/52 day old croissants for 99 cents- any of their day old bread is a good deal it's all 99 cents. 5/5This place is not only huge inside, but also has ample comfortable booth style seating. The place is bright and has a wide open floor plan, but they could really use someone out in front tidying up the tables.
3	Sooo came here after work (11pm) craving a sandwich and Lee's is both close and 24.Two people, two sandwiches, one a European combo (they also have 'Asian combo' option which serves 2 egg rolls opposed to chips) and one single sandwich put us out $13. Positive:-Open 24/7-The Turkey, Ham and Salami sandwich on the baguette.-Dining Area (spacious with options and wi-fi)-Baguette's (worth mentioning twice, for sale individually)-Nice variety of Asian and European sandwiches-Awesome variety of drinks too; smoothies, all sorts of coffee drinks, Asian Teas and Boba available.-Those fun, different Asian snacks that you may find at a cultured market, the international isle, or may see at your local Japanese sushi restaurant. Cons:-Our breakfast croissant was greasy (equivalent in price but 1/3 the size to our meat sandwich) and could not stand up to a Starbucks breakfast sandwich enjoyed the day before, which is frozen and then microwaved ingredients.-Soda Machine behind counter: Whenever I see this I know I am dealing with a cheap, cheap owner / a money hungry establishment. Why? The food cost is all in the cup, the cost of the cup much exceeds that of a second round on fountain soda and should realistically be available for seconds / refills as a service to customers dining in a restaurant. -Service suggested staff was no where near a happy group of individuals (excessive sighs, long exhausted stares, disgruntled and impatient tone, with overall disorganization)-Wait time 10 minuets. Okay so not great, but still acceptable. Probably just seemed too long because we were tired and got our hopes up being number 12 after they called number 11 and then 10, 9, 8, 7,12 ? Okay weird but whatever.-What I cant get over, the biggest con: a DIRTY DIRTY restaurant. Every booth was disgusting with dirty paper napkins and or cups and each also covered in crumbs. Floor was littered with straw wrappers, cups, and dirty napkins as well. Saw the same staff member walk through a disgustingly dirty area and not attend to or mind the mess. The establishment had 4-5 people visible and working and there was frequently no line. If said staff member had the time to circle around aimlessly, why not wipe the tables, or gee I dont know, sweep? It was obviously not overseen in a rush but a demonstration of poor systems and practice of staff. Bathrooms were dirty too. Would I visit again?Yes, food did not blow our socks off but wasn't terrible, wouldn't mind exploring the options and beverages on menu, Somewhat of a bargain if you know what to order (aka not anything on a croissant) and hey what can I say, even I get dirty now and again, I hope my second trip will be to a more manicures restaurant, because we don't like to eat dirty now do we.Decent food, 24 hour sandwich spot, loses a star for service/soda machine and one star for cleanliness, or lack there of.
5	So good!!! Very clean and open in there. The bread for the sandwiches is amazing and fresh. The place is cash only, so be prepared!! They are open for 24 hours, in case you wake up at 3am and you're craving an amazing sandwich. A must try! You won't be disappointed.
3	I'm not usually a big on sandwiches but theirs are rather tasty. The pastries they have are on point. Try the coconut waffle...it's green but delish! The fact they are open 24 hours is just a bonus! They also sell some typical Asian goodies like cookie, snacks, pocky, and a few bottles beverages. Worth a stop for a meal if you want to check it out.
3	It's true that Lee's isn't going to serve you the best bahn mi that is known to man, but what they offer up is reasonably-priced, consistently good sandwiches on fresh baked bread. They are always open, so if you are like me - traveling to Las Vegas from the East Coast with a sleep schedule that's completely out-of-whack - Lee's is an option whenever I find myself craving a good Vietnamese sandwich or in need of something to eat which isn't a couple of eggs and toast or run-of-the-mill fast food. I've also been enjoying their coconut "smoothie", which is much more like a milkshake than anything remotely healthy as one would expect a smoothie to be. The packaged goods they offer are interesting enough to experiment with; I tend to get one or two cookie or hard candy packages each visit to save for later. Service is mediocre at best, but it's adequate. I think they do their best given the drunken crowd which shows up past 11PM which is either elated to be fed cheap or obnoxious and too wasted to even remember their visit the next day. Cash only is a disappointment and likely the complaints the staff hear about this policy sours their mood hourly. Two-thumbs up and three stars for Lee's. I'm a regular when I'm visiting Vegas.
3	Not bad.Actually I didn't like their sandwich when I was in Cali, but this time I kinda liked it here - don't know what made the difference exactly though.Probably because the baguette was better - was a little chewy, not stale. Value for the price is pretty good.Also, as with A/C thermo is set at a right temperature and not too cold. This is important if you stay with a laptop - yes, this place offers free wifi.I'll use Lee's when I have to wait for Samurai Motors across the street to fix my car.
3	I like this! Much better than the one in Cali!  The turkey sandwich is really good and the bread is great as well!  I also love how big the space is.
2	Bahn mi inferior to Mr Sandwich in the next strip mall in basically every way, plus the place feels like a McDonald's inside.
5	Lee's is one of the best places for sandwiches and bahn bao (steamed buns) in Las Vegas. Vietnamese food in general is an acquired taste, and you must also apply this to these sandwiches. With that said, the food here is amazing and has such a unique taste. The sandwiches are a pretty decent size and you are rarely left hungry after just one. The employees are always extremely nice and helpful if you don't fully understand what you are ordering. While the line can get pretty long (because it's popular), once you have ordered it is a fairly short wait. Furthermore, Lee's is open 24hrs, so you can get your cultural grub on any time of the day. I usually eat here about once a week. My favorite thing on the menu is the bahn bao (steamed buns). These are amazing. I typically get the pork and egg or the BBQ, however, they also offer a chicken, egg, and mushroom bun. I highly recommend eating here. If you are skeptical give it shot. Definitely get a bun and maybe split a sandwich with someone to give it a taste. I hope you love it just as much I do.
1	Found a piece of thick human HAIR in my egg rolls! Gross! Pork bun was raw... Not fully cooked . Don't waste your $ here. So gross . This place is unsanitary ! You will get sick.
2	No. Sorry, but horrible wait and they can't get the numbers right. Customer #5 does not get their order before customer #2, even if it's the same order. It doesn't even make sense!! My friend ordered the green waffle and Miss customer #5 ordered the green waffle and a thanksgiving feast...they gave #5 the green waffle first without using the electronic Numbering system and had both her (and us) continue waiting.  Not efficient. Then they rushed my friends order and the waffle came out flaccid and wet like a sex tape gone wrong. I'll give an additional star for the nice employee who took our order, and the fact that the rest of us got the correct items, but the wait and inconsistency of following service protocol (using the machine to call out numbers when the full order is ready) is ultimately going to chase away many customers (and stars). Come here for the name, but expect to be called out of order even if you all ordered the same item. Don't expect any consistency in wait times regardless of the amount if customers present.
1	I went in first time experiencing very rude service by one female staff.There is simply no knowledge of serving customers in her with very harsh language, arrogant attitude and improper language etc. it's better the owner train their staffs to be more friendly customer oriented.
1	Powder smoothies ? not even real fruit or I hope its not real fruit must be some nasty old fruit then. Ordered a mango and taro smoothie and both tasted like powder mix. Nasty  boba is tasteless. Sandwiches I tried one time , I was not bad and was not good but ill never order it again because it left a boring taste in my mouth.  Mr lee  smh
3	Love the sandwich here. BBQ pork so good. I can eat here everyday in the morning to start my day at work. The lines are a little long but meaning they have have good sandwich here. Better than Ba Le and good for lunch too when I don't have time to sit there and enjoy my sandwich.
2	I don't get it they just started charging an extra 25 cents per item on top of the regular price when you order between the hours of 9pm to 5am.  When I asked the cashier why she just said its business... well if you ask me its bad business!  They did just added slot machines???  Are these extra fees to cover the small video poker winings?
4	Fast readable prides sandwich.  Opens 24 hours.  Service was fast and efficient.  We had Asian Sandwich Combo $5.99 and Huge Chocolate Chip Cookie.
4	Open 24/7 , good  varity, tasty and inexpensive. I go here often, sure it can be very busy at times. People do not mob a place where the food is terrible. I am not happy with the 25cent night time surcharge. The sevice is less than stellar at night so why pay more. I also have a problem with the $10.00 min on debit/credit cards. I got a gift card and just reload it when it gets low. This bypasses the minimum but like I said I go here often so it is worth it. The place is always clean and the workers pleasent. Remember this is a sandwich / coffee joint, enjoy it as such.
4	Love their bread! I've had better Vietnamese sandwiches but this hits the spot when you're in need of a quick fix.
3	Not a bad place to go to pick up banh mi's and spring rolls on the way back.Usually on our way back to Los Angeles, we'll get lunch to go and munch on it in the car. The food is decent for the price, but I don't recommend the drinks. Their Ice coffee is filled with exactly what it states - Ice. (not a lot of coffee) and the lychee smoothie (the drink I had last time) didn't taste good at all. Just too fattening... Also prices keep RISING........ What happened to the old Lee's? Thankfully I live in LA, and can easily access the Lee's around here.
3	It's not all that. I mean for late night cravings for an Asian sandwich it's continent cause it's open 24 hours. There is a $10.00 minimum credit card transaction so be prepared to just carry cash if you're not ordering too much. Staff aren't really that friendly they're just serving the food and then that's it. I mostly get the Asian combo since it comes with the sandwich, egg roll and drink for $5.99 so it's not bad.
4	Ordered the number 11 and bub vermichelli----very good. Will come back in the near future.
5	Neat place. I thought it was gonna be run down but surprisingly it we big and very modern. They had a huge drink selection and tons of little Asian snacks. I got the #38 on a croissant and it was pretty tasty. Place was clean and we didn't have to wait at all. Young man at the counter was super friendly too.
1	I come here from time to time but I've decided to stop (on 7/27). If you look through my photos, you will see I found a long piece of plastic saran wrap. When I told the sandwich maker (didn't speak much English sadly) told me that somehow it just got in there, or made an excuse that sounded like it was an accident. The way we communicated, there was no way for to me ask if I could get my money back...nor did they offer to do any more because well, it's an Asian establishment and we all know how some Asians are with customer service - there isn't any.Also, totally agree with Nelson Q's review, the Ice Coffee, the whole thing was filled with crushed up. like to the top of the cup where you have difficulty getting a straw in there.** head over to Pho Thanh Huong by UNLV - best sandwiches in town. sadly, they close at 10pm I believe.
5	Such a great sandwich shop. The bread was fresh. So fresh. I cannot wait for the one on Rainbow to open. This place is 24 hours and about the only sandwich shop in Vegas that is open 24 hours other than something like Subway (yuck). Highly recommended. A must if you like fresh sandwiches and good service.
1	Been to a few lee's sandwich in cali. Service was 10x better and faster. I waited more then 15 min for a f*** coffee. Not to mention the manager was very unprofessional.  Doest say a word or smile. Sorry for making u wait? I live in vegas now. Will never come here again.
2	I'm still trying to find a decent banh mi spot. However, this will place will have to do in lieu of anything else. I wouldn't eat at Lee's when I was still living at home just because it isn't that good.
2	I've been to quite a lot of Lee's Sandwishes in southern cal and this place was packed. I figured what can go wrong. I have to say my Banh Mi was really nasty (I didn't even finish it, it's that bad). I usually love any Vietnamese style coffee. I have no idea who made mine coffee, but the drink I got was the worst tasting drink I've ever had in the last 10 years. I had such a bad taste in my mouth I felt sick for the rest of the day. I had to buy bottle water just to rinse the taste out of my mouth.
1	I come here every so often and order chicken and a smoothy. My last experience here was truly sickening!  After drinking most of the drink, I found a long strand of hair in my Avacado Smoothy Boba! Manager refused to give me a refund and instead offer me another smoothy. Like I would want another smoothy after finding raw hair inside of it?!?! After having this experience I doubt I'll ever come here again...
3	Food is good. Wait SUCKS. but considering i really wanted che of any kind....and spring rolls, i was willing to wait. no sense of system at this location.
4	Their bread is so amazing! Definitel get the number 11 combo. With extra pate. Prices are reasonable and their ice coffee is great! I also love the little donuts the  make fresh. Everytime I come home from California/Vegas my kids are expecting these sandwiches!
4	I love Lee's Sandwiches.  They are affordable.  They have real Banh Mi ingredients.  They are made quickly and consistently.  They are addictive and unique in flavoring compared to all of the other sub shop offerings.  We went here for a few reasons.1. It pleases everyone.  Even the more picky eaters in our group.2. It's affordable.  3. We don't have one in our town.  We need one.4. It was gonna be quicker than the other options mentioned.This particular one seemed just like all of the other Lee's I have been in.  A little different layout, but basically the same.  Fast food style ordering and just barely longer timeframes than most fast food.  It did have some nice TV's though. Service was the standard mildly gruff businesslike service I get at most Asian places.  I always order #16 and #1 and #18.  I especially like the pate.  I get it so rarely, I get it when I can.  The bread is the star on these sandwiches too.  Just perfect for what is being made.Lee's Sandwiches has perfected Banh Mi for the masses.  Is it as good as fancy Banh Mi you might get at some restaurant for $10?  Nope.  But this is food for the people.  Head up though.  If there is a low carb eater in your party.  They may just not find anything to eat.  This place is packed with enough carbs to prep the Boston Marathon.
4	Not in the mood for fast food but want something fresh but not as dull as subway and you want to try something different lee is the place lunch breakfast and after a night out. Baguette are fresh bake. Healthy selection of veggies and meat. The thai and the coffee like crack it will keep you coming back for it. It's that good
5	Cafe sua da is a must try! If you're a coffee addict you'll love the nutty strong taste to it. Also their banh mi dac biet "special sandwich" is delicious!!! So much better than many places! Only Vietnamese sandwich place I'll go to in Vegas! Mmmmmm mm!
3	Their sandwiches are pretty good. The ambience is nice and they have excellent customer service. Their smoothies are good too. I've had the durian smoothie, but I'm not sure if they use the actual fruit or if it's just a powder/syrup flavor. Don't get their, "freshly squeezed sugar cane juice." It's nothing compared to the fresh ones found in LA. I got a large cup yesterday and it was disgusting. I let my mom try it and she said it might have been made with a powder mix. Regardless, they should get a better mix!
5	I've never had a problem eating here at Lees. The atmosphere is always lively and clean. For the most part service is pretty fast except when there's 10ppl in line. I would recommend ordering extra meat if you want your sandwich more full & flavorful. The bread is fresh and portion size is big and veggies are yummy. All the other snacks & goodies look delicious too. The iced coffee is good but way too much ice. For a place to sit & eat with friends this is the best spot. Now they accept credit cards too with a minimum purchase.
3	TLDR: 24 hours; $0.25 surcharge between 9p-5a; $10 minimum credit purchase; bahn mi and euro sandwichesLee's Sandwiches in Las Vegas? Why wasn't this thought of earlier? This restaurant prides itself on euro-asian sandwiches, but boasts its foundation from Southern California. There are a couple of differences between the ones in SoCal compared to the one here in Vegas so I'll share my experience below.There is a quarter charge for purchasing after 9pm. WTF. Really? This just makes me laugh. Anything to get by in this economy I guess. I would've just restricted the menu to save money in that regard. I purchased the same thing I always get: #5 Grilled Pork Asian Sandwich and it's a whopping 710 calories according to their website. I enjoy the combination of flavors from the mixed, pickled vegetables to the cooked meats. The roof of my mouth often gets scraped from the hard bread, but I guess I can just take smaller bites.My service late at night was generally positive. The communication between the foodservice workers need to improve, but generally a smile during the drunken hours goes a long way. All-in-all I would return. My experience was not spectacular, but it was consistent. I would recommend, as long as you can get over the smell.
5	This place is so good. Try it once and u will want to come back for more. The people r friendly and the place is very clean. They have dessert also not thus time for me maybe next. One more thing to remember pull on the door going in. Lol
5	I love lees!!! I like how they stay open 24hrs and my favorite is the vanilla ice coffee and pork roll sandwich no onions lol ... The pastries are pretty good too;) I like this location way better than the new one!
3	definitely a great deal and good sandwiches.  Only problem for me would be that the sandwich would be a lot better if they toasted the bread and served the sandwiches with cucumber like all other traditional vietnamese sandwiches.  Other than that, Lee's is a great place to go during the late hours.
3	Nice and big Lee sandwich compare to other Lee's.Go hear for Lee's ice coffee. Better than starbucks.
5	When you're craving munchies late at night, this place is opened! They have snacks galore!!! I usually come here for the iced coffee and the Baos.
4	I tried their original and pork sandwiches, which were both excellent. The bread was nicely baked and not too hard. The cilantro was very fresh and the meat to brad ratio was great.  I also had the coconut waffle that was yummy too
3	A food chain nothing more nothing less if you want a quick bite. Expect surcharge as most places in this area do. Food was okay, you find better quality bahn mi sandwiches down the road from here.
2	I tried their BBQ pork sandwich, of all the places I've tried, it was bottom of the barrel. Bread was blah, barely enough of anything inside. Was on the dry side. I've had much better  sandwiches here in Sacramento and only cost $2.5 for a bigger tastier sandwich. Place looked nice but that's it.
2	The few times I've been here there wasn't much a of line or even atmosphere. Granted, it was probably 2AM in the morning, but I still except some liveliness from the customer service.At any bahn mi place, I'll get a Pork Roll or Veggie sandwich. The pork roll here is ok, the veggie? No thanks. Stale tofu and vermicelli, not to mention a weird funky flavor permeates the filling.I'll be interested in seeing how their Portland storefront holds up.
1	Don't bother with the grilled chicken it was mostly bread, the club was better and whats the deal with refills.
3	Me and my roomate had each had egg and bacon sandwich. Fresh crossant and fresh scrambled egg and bacon. The  cashier said the orange juice was fresh but my roommate said it taste like it was made from a powder. Hmm?
4	Came here to get some Asian sandwiches, the deal was buy 5 get 1 free, I got the combination, special combination and the grilled pork. This place is also open 24 hours.
4	Sooo this place has great prices and amazing sandwiches no complaints here if you come order a number 5 sweet jesus
2	I love lee's... But this review mainly is for the Cashier service... Samantha...not friendly at all!! Should not be in the cashier
4	Got the #5 thit nguoi. Very yummy. Toast it. Friendly environment. Looks very nice inside. Ice coffee is yummy as well!
4	Very efficient, busy busy busy but big space to hang. Crampy parking area.I'm just happy there was a Lee's here for my Viet coffee. I'm sure all the Pho places have Viet coffee as well but since I chose Korean BBQ for brunch, Lee's was a good pick n go.
2	Nothing to spectacular.  chicken sandwich was ok, not to flavorful. Only good thing was the bread was fresh and crispy. Also ordered a papaya boba tea. It was too sweet and the boba were not fresh but frozen. Wouldn't recommend to go here.
4	I had the chicken sub and it's something I have never tried before...to my surprise it was very tasty...The service was good and I was on my lunch break and was in and out of there in no time.
5	They never disappoint whichever location i go to. But what I like about this location is that it's huge! Plenty of seating.. not crowded (went around 10 pm on a Sunday night). Not a lot of workers at this time so cashier wasn't there waiting for customers.. but it was fine. After they noticed us we placed our orders and looked around the big selection of Vietnamese snacks and such. The workers seemed nice.
5	Came here with a friend and studied until the wee hours of the morning. Practically made 1 of the booths a temporary home, and none of the workers gave us any hassle. Perfect place to study, with plenty of spacious tables, food and drink galore, clean bathrooms, and free wifi. Only down side is that there are no conveniently placed electrical outlets. This is a very large Lee's Sandwiches. There is a huge selection of snacks lining the walls, including nuts, cookies, fruit, coffee, candies, and much, much more. The workers are nice. I only tried the chicken wings and deli manjoo. The chicken wings were crunchy, tasty, and fresh. Deli manjoo are little custard filled pastries. They tasted like what I'd expect standard Lee's fare to taste like. Moist, easy to pop into your mouth, and not overly sweet. The place was pretty busy for the hours we were there. The wifi had good connection; I never got disconnected. Credit card doesn't seem to always be accepted for small sums. I'd come again.
5	LOVE it...Food is always so fresh, the bread is just fantastic. They bake it themselves there
4	Sandwiches are quite good. Snacks are good too. Coffee is always excellent.The bang mi Thit nuong is alright they don't have a lot of meat in it like they do in California.
3	Lee's Sandwiches in Vegas Chinatown was my last pick after trying 2 other places to get banh mi after 7pm on a Wed night.  We tried SF Las Vegas Supermarket and they no longer sell ready-to-eat banh mi, Dakao Sandwiches was closed.Lee's Sandwiches is just ok sandwiches but they were open.Got a pork sandwich w/ pate #17 - $3.95 - tasted just ok, nothing special.  Hate that chewy pork meat that has weird string/fat thing at the ends.B. got #1 Combination SW $3.95 - he liked it fine.After tax 2 sandwiches was $8.54.  They have frequent buyer card buy 10 get 1 FREE.Open 24hrs!!Their phone: 702-331-9999
1	THIS PLACE IS AWFUL!!!!!!! Being open 24 hours is probably the only thing that's good about it, but everything else just blows. It's in the Pho Kim Long parking lot, so beware of parking. It's in an Asian plaza (if you get my drift). The employees are not friendly whatsoever. The one chick who took my order even got annoyed when she gave me someone else's food. Like hello? You handed me the bag! Sorry for being an inconvenience to your life. Anyway, on to the food. The watermelon smoothie was disgusting. They don't use fresh fruit, so it was that super fake watermelon syrup tasting crap. Mixed with boba that turned solid after 5 minutes of being in the smoothie, just awful. It got thrown away after 2 sips. What a waste of $5! I hate their baguettes here because they are seriously like break-your-teeth hard. So, I opted for my sandwich on a croissant. Instead of the light and flaky croissant that we all know, what I got was bread baked into the shape of a croissant. Effing deceiving people! If you look at my picture, you can clearly see its bread and not a croissant. The meat was boring and tasteless. My bf had to put Sriracha on his sandwich when I brought it home just to add flavor to it. He also said the baguette was hard, which I already knew.Ok, and they have this stupid policy that states any purchase with a card between 9pm-5am will be charged an extra 25 cent PER ITEM! WTF!!!! I'm pretty sure they make enough effing money to suck up credit card surcharges. If not, go back to being cash only. Don't be cheap and try to suck up any bit of money that you can. I used to like eating here when I was younger and didn't know the difference between food and good food. After eating so many bahn mis throughout my years of living in Vegas, I can strongly confirm that I will never eat here again. Garbage, just garbage!
2	Would be a 4-5 star for a sandwich shop if they could have more people taking orders. Really 45 mins just to put an order in. Even tried calling in our order and still had to stand in line...
4	Always consistent.  Fresh great french bread. Parking is horrible.. price is great. Use the  buy 10 get on free punch card
3	It's good but the bread is a little hard for a baguette. Fountain Pepsi was flat.  Not as many choices as other locations closer to real Chinatowns
