3	Stopped by on a Friday night with a group of friends.  Mike, the manager, was very nice and accommodating.  Our servers were very nice and helpful - which was appreciated, because I really dislike having to "flag down" a server.The wings were good.  If you're into hot & spicy wings, don't order the medium.  "Hot" is hot and then they have "atomic" which will burn your mouth and eyes before the plate hits the table.  Lots of choices, too.Right now, they have 49cent wings on Tuesday, 49cent boneless on Wednesdays and 99cent chicken tenders on Thursday.  Happy Hour prices for appetizers and drinks also very appealing.Probably not the best place for kiddos (although you could), it's actually the perfect location for a Friday night after a long week.   Lunches are good too.They also have a nice patio area, which would probably be really nice during the cooler months.  There is lots of parking available, just be careful not to park in front of the restaurant next door as they will have your vehicle towed.  (It's posted too!)
4	What a great spot! We did #evfn here last Friday on the suggestion of one of our attendees. Mike and his crew treated us right the whole way!Food: well... I didn't eat that night. Not that it didn't look fantastic. The Sloppy Fries look like something I could sleep in. The burgers were massive. And every table that had wings didn't talk until they were devoured. I'd say that was a positive.Beer: GODS! Any place that keeps Arrogant Bastard on tap is going to get bonus points from me. But they've got a great tap selection of local craft brews and national favorites. Discriminating beer drinkers -- that would be me -- will not be disappointed. I'll be back!
3	I stopped here to meet up with friends last Friday night. I was surprised that it ended up being right by one of my favorite gelato places and I never even knew. It wasn't a bad spot. We had a pretty big crowd and weren't made to feel out of place or like we were a bother. The place is decent sized and pretty laid back, which can be great on a Friday.I didn't order any food but it all looked fantastic. Had I been hungry I would've surely snatched up some of the wings. I was fairly impressed with the tap. I'm typically pretty picky about my beer selection and what is on tap, and I don't expect much from this type of establishment. However, after having a bad day and noticing they had Leinenkugels Sunset Wheat on tap, my day got brighter and I was happy. Anywhere that has Leinie's on tap gets brownie points in my book.I have to admit it struck me as odd that Nickelodeon was playing on one of the screens while I was there. I asked if we could have it switched and while they said yes, they never did.
4	This place is a great addition to a neighborhood packed with chain restaraunts.  The food is good and the service (over the phone and at the front desk) is good.  I typically order on my way home on Thursday nights when they offer $1 chicken tenders.  Melanie or Lauren usualyy take my order and they have come to recognize me and know what I am going to order pretty much every time.Good value - good food - good people.
5	Buffalo Wings and Rings looks like a combination of Wing Stop, Buffalo Wild Wings, with a little bit of Wingnuts thrown in for good measure. Decor aside, this place is amazing! The wings are big and meaty and the beer selection is fantastic. There are nine sauce choices and each one can be ordered anywhere from mild to atomic. This is what really sets BWR apart from the competition...fully customizable wing heat...awesome!!! It is like my wing dreams have come true. There is also a full bar and a very large menu for those sad and deranged individuals who don't like wings.I made the wing excursion with my gluttonous partners in crime Brian V. and Forest W. Here is what the three of us ordered:50 wings...yeah, that's how we gluttons roll.10 Original X-hot-the sauce is a very respectable buffalo sauce. Nice balance of vinegar and butter...the X-hot made it even better. It was wonderfully hot without being unpleasant.10 Spicy BBQ X-hot-smokey, sweet, spicy and delicious.10 Parmesan Garlic hot-garlicy, cheesy, salty, spicy, crispy and yummy.10 Lemon Pepper hot-lemony, peppery, spicy10 Crazy X-hot-a combination of spicy BBQ and Lemon Pepper-OMG amazing. These were my favorites.We also ordered sloppy fries-these are chili cheese fries that arrive in a gigantic salad bowl. Yes, a gigantic wooden salad bowl bigger than your head...full of curly fries, chili, and cheese. In the pantheon of salad bowl novelties, this salad bowl full of fat-filled, artery clogging, amazement is second only to the flaming salad bowl full of booze at Bahooka. We rounded out our ridiculous feast with three bloody marys (Saturdays only $2.50,) a pitcher of domestic beer (Saturdays $8,) and two Dogfish 90 Minute IPAs. To say we had to be rolled out of the place is no small exageration.With it's fully customizable wings and behemoth bowls of sloppy fries BWR takes it's place among my top 5 wing restaurants.
4	My husband suggested that we go to Buffalo Wings and Rings for dinner. I think I might have rolled my eyes thinking what am I going to eat (being a vegetarian)? There are actually several items on the menu specifically for vegetarians. I did not have to special order anything! Which is unusual for me. The Greek pita was fabulous. The dressing actually comes in container that you add on the pita so that it doesn't get soggy. The potato chips are fabulous and made right there on site. The staff was friendly and quite prompt. The manager came and chatted with us. I was impressed with how observant the waitress was. I did not take advantage of the wonderful beer selection but look forward to it in the future! I look forward to returning.
3	Well, it wasn't my first choice for happy hour but since I'm in the minority (aka a girl) I kept my mouth shut and joined the future hubby and his friends here.  They loooved the beer selection.  We were able to get a long table for our group, since it was pretty empty.  I like somewhere with a little more "scene" for happy hour, but whatev.  The wine was half off - awesome.  I didn't order food, but I did check out the menu.  Any wings restaurant that has notations on the menu for vegetarian items gets extra stars in my book - definitely appreciated.  I was confused on why the cheese quesadilla didn't have the notation....and the waitress thought I had a good point.  Silly meat eaters.  Bottom line - I won't put up a stink next time our group wants to head here.
4	Alright guys, you gained a star by bringing Bell's in!  Especially since I'm a Michigan girl, with lots of midwest friends who were happy too.  The owner(s?) were friendly and personable, and our server even went as far as to help us play a joke on a late arriving friend!    I tried the vegetarian pita, and it was actually good.  I appreciate a bar with wings in it's name providing some vegetarian options.  One thing, although I LOVE the vegetarian notation, be consistent - I personally wouldn't order the cheese quesadilla because it doesn't have the notation.  It's vegetarian though, right?!?!?No doubt, we will be back.
2	So if you sing The Humpty Dance on karaeoke people DON'T like that?? Not such a fun crowd. I think my table was just way too fun for everybody else! Well, if you pick a Journey song, of COURSE we are going to help you sing! Duh! I personally loved our rendition of You and me baby ain't nothin but mammals....everyone else, not so much. Whatever. I had fun. Food was average. For my first time, wasn't so happenin'!
4	Great beer selection, tasty wing sauce, knowledable staff! Great bar area fast and friendly service!!!
4	Wings are not my favorite type of food, and I find most "wing bars" to be about the same. So when the East Valley Friday Night (#EVFN) Tweetup headed here I didn't have high hopes.The wings were good, the beer was even better. I was honestly impressed by the excellent selection on tap, including some crazy stuff I had never head of before.  It satisfies both the Pickiest Vegetarian and Pickiest Beer Snob I know, so is on my list of places to take just about anyone to relax and have a good time.
4	Stopped in here for dinner with my girlfriend. The place was pretty empty but looked like it could accommodate quite a crowd. The music was at a reasonable level and there were TVs everywhere. Overall, I liked it.Service wasn't stellar, but wasn't bad either. The beer selection is pretty solid although they didn't have a list on the menu, (though, to be fair, I didn't ask for one either.The food was pretty delicious. We got the chicken quesadillas and a couple burgers - served with chips, you can get them with fries for a couple bucks extra - along with a couple beers. The quesadillas were probably some of the best I've ever had and the burgers were pretty good; not great, but good. Best of all, I had a coupon for a free menu item in my Entertainment book!I'd definitely go back, even without the coupon.
3	My husband and I headed here for a night out with a group called EVFN.  I love casual restaurants but I just was not overly impressed with this one.  The place was "fine" but just not amazing.We had wings (HUGE WINGS) and fried mushrooms.  The wings were fine...not amazing but not horrible.  We ordered hot barbecue and hot teriyaki but neither one of them were at all spicy...and the mushrooms were just okay.  The service was good (she had, like, fourteen separate checks!) and the beer selection was awesome.
4	I have to say how pleasantly suprised I am everytime I walk walk in and see the craft beer selection at this place.  Its wonderful. My husband says Jim the owner personaly selects each of the beers on tap.  I have to say that he has great taste!  The local breweries are great places to go, but this place has beer from all of them! HEAVEN.
2	Great beer selection for beer enthusiasts, but they're always out of everything we wanted to try. Great wings and they have $0.49 boneless wings on Wednesdays. Went on a weekend night and they had karaoke but they played only slow, sappy songs. The "rings" int he name isn't about onion rings, they don't even have those, they're talking about curly fries, which are good but the name is a bit misleading. Overall, the "meh" with 2 stars is accurate.
4	If you are a beer lover, this place should be on your list to stop at.  They have a great selection for such a small establishment.  Tip: Don't just look at the beer menus they leave at the tables, new kegs that they've recently gotten in will be listed on the specials board up front, or always helpful is to just ask the bartenders.  They are friendly and give good recommendations. They recently started doing beer flights which I personally think is great.  That way you get to sample a bit of all the best worlds.  Flights are $5 and you get four 5 oz. beer samples of your choice.In terms of food- I say Garlic Parmesan boneless wings all the way!  Their spice is a bit on the mild side, so I always go one step above Hot but not Atomic.And... what could be better than fried pickles?! It's always so hard to find places that have these scrumptious treats.  Theirs are spear style with a traditional bread crumb breading mixed with dill.  They always come out extra hot so I have to give them a few minutes to cool.If you normally order ranch as a dipping sauce for you wings and things, you should really give their blue cheese dip a try. It is homemade and on the mild side.  It's the perfect creamy consistency and doesn't scream blue cheese (which is normally what keeps me away from ordering this at other restaurants).Karaoke on Friday nights is a blast and not too crowded.
3	There are a few things on the menu at BWR that pop out, which is why I decided that I needed to go here. On the top of the list of menu stand outs are the buffalo chicken nachos. Just thinking about the potential in that title makes me want them. They are exactly what one would expect that they are - nachos blanketed with cheese and the regular nacho supreme goodness, topped off with a generous helping of diced chicken tenders and buffalo sauce. It's a wonderfully sinful idea, but I felt like it could have been a bit better. I also got to try the gyro quesadilla. Again, this is one crazy sounding concoction that just seemed to fall a little bit short for me. Think of a cheese quesadilla with gyro meat in it served with a side of tzatziki, and there you have it. I will say that their beer selection is pretty fantastic. If I do ever go back here, it'll probably be for a happy hour.
4	This revu is for the one in the back of cfc, not sure if this is the same place. Ordered a Guinness n some hot buffalo wings while I got my ipad skinned. Both were tasty. A big place, lots of games w/o the dive bar smell, vid poker, trivia, n lots n lots of tv's. Nice casz place. Visit it.
2	- the location is excellent- the food is mediocre, and milder than they advertise- the wait staff is polite and bland.  At several opportunities, they were missing for more than 5 mins.- the bill will be higher than anyone expectsBottom line:  don't bother
3	I've eaten here a couple of times with my kids.  My dining experience there was ok.The food is typical.  I really like wings and pretty much order them everywhere I go.  I expected more from this place, since the word "wings" is in the name of the restaurant.  I'd eat here again if someone invited me to meet them there... and if they paid.
4	This place has recently broken away from the franchise and gone out on its own as "The Hungry Monk".  They imporved their menu and added a few interesting items. Can you say "Gyro Quesadilla"? I think you should, it is great!  Last time I was in I had the grilled chicken street tacos which were very tasty, the tortillas just needed a couple seconds on the flat top to get warmed up a bit.   For $7.50 you get four tacos with salsa and sour cream, I needed a to go box.The wings are still awesome and the blue cheese dressing is drinakble. I could have that on everything. The staff is very friendly and made a point of learning our names and when James bartends he always points out what is new on tap and makes suggestions for us. Sunday Football is great and all the local craft beers are only $3. This is very quickly becoming my favorite local bar.  The only times I would go somewhere else is during UFC fight nights, but that is cause I can't stand UFC.
4	I can't really review the beer selection because I don't drink, but I come here for wings quite often.  I usually get 10 original hot and 5 of some random flavor.  The wings are delicious, right level of heat for me, and out of the dozens of times I have been here I have never been disappointed.With the recent break away from the franchise I have not seen a drop in quality of the food.  I think its actually improved.The wait staff is always on top of my tea and gives me an extra glass of ice when its fresh brewed and still warm.  Awesome.
4	The Hungry Monk was previously Buffalo Wings and Rings but the owner broke with the franchise and branched out on his own.  The decor has not changed much. There are several tables and booths line the walls.  They have 18 flat screen TVs located all over and I'm pretty sure you can see at least one no matter where you sit.  There is a nice bar and the atmosphere reminds of a local where the neighboors get together to watch games and have drink and some food.  It's warm and welcoming.  Our server greeted us promptly and took drink orders while we looked over the menu.  My daughter and I had been home all day and it was time to get out but I didn't want to miss the NL playoffs.  My San Francisco Giants are in it and they are gonna go all the way!  We had a booth with a great view of one of the large flat screens.  We decided to get some chips and queso and have a snack first.  The chips were fresh and warm and the queso was good.  My daughter decided on boneless chicken wings off the kid's menu.  This is a good value. She got wings, fries, a drink AND a scoop of ice cream for dessert all for $3.99.  I had the Chicken Pita and it was great.  Soft pita bread, lettuce, tomato, tender grilled chicken strips and tzatziki sauce.  Nicely done.  I also had sweet potato fries that were very good, crunchy on the outside, tender on the inside.  They have several rotating beers on tap, lots of local ones from Four Peaks and San Tan, as well as my favorite, Guiness.  We will be coming back here for sure.  Randy from Pittsburg Willies gave us the tip to try it and he didn't steer us wrong.  It's a great place to watch a game and have some grub.  The service was friendly and prompt. Thank you Hungry Monk!
2	Over priced, but decent food. Probably wont go back again.
5	Hungry Monk is the newest addition to my "I wish it were in the city" list. This place features craft beers on draft, and it's not like that range of places that offer whatever keg is going to sell the best because they want the money. This guy stocks beers that are actually interesting, hard to find, and really worth the trip. I had a Lost Abbey Judgement Day and my girlfriend had the Dead Bastard, which is basically just an Arrogant Bastard and a Rogue Dead Guy mix, not a complitation between the two breweries. I found this a bit odd but whatever. I didn't have any food, but this place definitely gets it when it comes to beers.
4	I know i should probably eat here a couple more times before i review but whatever i will review anyways and you cannot stop me! I had a sandwich that used texas toast, ham, pulled pork and bacon! YUMMMM!!!! Now our waitress was very nice but screwed up with my fries. i asked for sweet potato but was debating on just getting the seasoned which she brought out since i got a sandwich that would be bbq'y goodness. so extra sweetness is just not something i love doing on a regular basis because i just feel overwhelmed. i cannot wait to go back so i can try the huge selection of beers. but i did try one which was their for a limited time. was not bad...apparently the wings were good. So until then i hope this helps :)
4	A solid 3.5.  I thought of rounding down because the bill surprised me a little, but the service won out in the end.I was expecting a Native New Yorker-type place so I was flustered when I saw the extensive beer list- I quickly ordered something the waitress just told me they were out of, then changed it to just a Blue Moon, then asked what stouts she recommended before settling on... a pear cider.  Then I sat and pouted as I read over all the other beers I should have ordered instead, daring not change my order yet again and confirm all suspicions that I'm a jackass.  Fortunately, the inner turmoil was quelled when the drinks came- the cider was excellent.The boyfriend and I ordered 10 wings, a burger for him, and a patty melt for me.  The wings were great- I never order boneless so was surprised to basically get chicken strips, but juicy nuggets of meat with a crisp, sauce-basted exterior works for me.  The boyfriend said his burger was great and I thought the patty melt was just about perfect.  My only complaint was that the grilled onions were just this side of raw, but it's not stopping my mouth from watering thinking about the leftovers currently sitting in my fridge.  His fries seemed average but my chips were great, though not hot which is nice for homemade. 10 wings, 2 beers, and 2 sandwiches came to just under $40 before tip, but this was a Saturday night with no specials, not the usual circumstances under which I frequent wing joints. Next time I'd try to go during a happy hour, but I can definitely see a next time.
3	This is a sports bar, first and foremost, in spite of the name change.  Look around and you see Football jersey folks yelling at the TV during a game, drinking Blue Moon and Dos Equis, chowing down copious amounts of wings, potato chips, burgers, and such.  Now they do have far more beers than usual, though their lengthy menu is a bit disingenuous with their inclusion of blended beers on the list (yes, they'll mix two beers for you, call it something, and put it on the list as another draft beer).  A place can call itself what it wants, but when it lays the bait for a certain demographic by having so many large TV's with obnoxiously loud volumes for sports, they've thereby placed themselves into a niche.Parking was tough being adjacent to a Denny's, and no parking on west side of building.  Servers were friendly but not always there when needed.  Food and drink prices were high if you're paying normal prices, but the varying happy hour deals were decent deals.  Food wasn't bad, but wasn't great either.  Chips are served with warm BBQ sauce in styrofoam cups which I thought was odd, but maybe I'm being too judgmental, for it is a sports bar.  Overall middle of the road, 3 stars = "Ok".
4	The food is great and it's good to see a place supporting other local suppliers. Plus the staff has bee great each and every time I've been there
5	Hungry Monk has AWESOME wings, fish and chips and pulled pork (that's all we've eaten here) and no where else in Chandler has a beer selection like this.  Finally, something for craft and local beer lovers that isn't some frat party of dudes just trying to get 'wasted' and hit on girls. Thank you, Hungry Monk.
5	What a find!  Very hip staff, awesome music and delicious food. I'll definitely be going back!
4	I'm most excited about the beer selection. They're doing an excellent job of bringing in some amazing craft beers that are hard to find. They also have a great selection of more common craft beers. One of the benefits they have is they still seem to be a secret, so the hard to find beers they get on tap actually stay around for a few days if not a week or two. The food is good and gets better every time I visit.To top it off, the service has been great. The Hungry Monk is a welcomed addition to the local craft beer scene.
5	Went for a Saturday lunch. The service was great. The beer flight was superb and the food was delicious. We will be going back again and we live in Mesa. It's worth the drive
3	Great beer selection, decent wings with good spice. Not a huge deal, but we had a coupon from the 2011 Entertainment book that the server refused to take since they dropped the Buffalo Wings and Rings name (even though the sign is still hanging out front and the coupon was specific to that location)
3	I love the beer here.  They have a great selection of local beers, and the beer flight is a great way to sample a bunch of them.  The food I've had is okay.  The wings are pretty good, but I would not recommend the Mediterranean pita or shrimp tacos.  Service is friendly.
5	My new favorite wings place! I've been a fan of the Chandler Teakwoods wings, but these blow them away. On separate visits to The Hungry Monk, my wings were delicious and super crispy. This tells me that they are conscientious about the process by which they fry their wings to a perfect texture. Nothing disappoints me more than a soggy wing!The other great thing about The Hungry Monk is the beer selection. I visited during Arizona Beer Week (February 19th - 26th, 2011) and was lucky enough to score a free pint glass and samples from San Diego's Ballast Point Brewing Company. The Ballast Point sampler of four beers I ordered were completely original, including a porter infused with coffee and vanilla and a Scottish strong ale aged in whiskey barrels. My buddies and I also indulged in some of The Hungry Monk's half-and-half draft beers which are mixes of their house beers on tap. The names are fun... when you mix half Rogue's Dead Guy Ale with half Stone Brewery's Arrogant Bastard, you get "Dead Bastard".I cannot rave enough about the Thai Peanut sauced wings. Ordering them just "hot" (2 out of 4 on their spiciness scale) is plenty piquant to get your taste buds fired up. Not as big of a fan of the Cajun-spiced wing which, although flavorful, was a bit too salty for me.And although I wouldn't mix these two beers deliberately, a stiff salute to whomever came up with the name for the half-n-half SanTan's Epicenter plus Deschute's Black Butte Porter: "The J-Lo". Epic booty indeed!
5	James the bartender is awesome makes you feel right at home and makes killer blends! Nothin like a pint with fish n chips and watching a football match!
5	This place was reasonably priced, and had very good sports-bar food, along with a great selection of beers. I went with a group of 3, and we all enjoyed our meals. I recommend the Mediterranean Gyro.The service was well above average for a sports bar, and the food / atmosphere were better. (We went during the NCAA Championship)I will probably eat here again when I'm back in town.
4	When we want a quick bite to eat we go here.  Great food and great beers on tap.   I always get the sweet potato fries, nuclear wings are not spicy at all.  Wish they'd take the spicyness level up a few notches. Sometimes the service is a bit slow, but other than that we're definitely regulars.
5	I love this place.  If it were up to me it would be the only place I'd ever go to happy hour.  The place has a nice atmosphere and it clean with plenty of TVs around the bar area.  They have a reasonable selection on their menu and the food is fine considering it is mostly bar food and that is all I expect.  To really love this place though, you have to know it is all about the beer.  They have a huge selection, frequently changing it up, and throw special events when they bring in new ones.  I have not found another place that is really into their beers like the Monk and that is reason enough for me to give them my business.
1	This place has the worst chicken wings i have ever had !  Buffalo Wild Wings, Native New Yorker, Streets of New York,  Taekwoods, First Round Draft, all have better wings than this place.  I also went back a second time.  I had the angus platter, which was basically a hamburger patty with 2 sides. My girlfriend had the Gyro, which she said was not very good.The only good thing in can say about this place is the beer selection.
4	This was the second time we have tried HM, the first time was so-so but they had just opened with the new format which I believe is unfair to judge a restaurant by. This time we were very pleased, attentive, friendly service which did not rush you. Food was very good (I had the pulled pork with bacon and ham on it--no, I'm not a vegetarian in case you were wondering). They are very accommodating on substitutions (I added cheese to my sandwich and got it with the pretzel bun--definitely get the pretzel bun, regardless of what sandwich you purchase). We will be going there this Friday for the fish fry. Excellent selection of beer, and, while there is a sizable bar and lots of televisions, the sound was not overpowering as happens in so many bar/restaurants. I was there with 4 other people and we were all able to enjoy conversations at normal speaking levels.
4	Hungry Monk bills itself as a family friendly neighborhood restaurant where great food, sports and craft beer collide. And that's exactly what it is.It feels like "Cheers" to me...definitely a neighborhood hangout where everyone "knows your name."  Whether I stop by for a beer or to watch a Coyotes game, it's a fun place to hangout. Bring friends...or make new ones. It's that inviting.For me, I like the fact that the employees are super friendly and truly happy to see me walk through the doors. It's a very welcoming place. Service is warm and sincere---and excellent. They have an eclectic variety of yummy food. Whether I'm hungry for a salad or a plate of fresh wings to accompany my craft beer, the food is really good. I love a good rice bowl--and theirs is dee-lish! The quesadillas are outstanding. Of course, they have typical bar food, or comfort food as I call it, but the quality and taste surpass what I've had elsewhere. You can get a burger and fries or a gyro with hand-carved meat---and dozens of other delicious options.Something else that I like about it is that I met the owner on my first visit there. Jim--a nice, down to earth guy who loves sharing his penchant for craft beer! His presence adds to the "friendly neighborhood restaurant" atmosphere. Bring friends, family or just yourself. Enjoy great food, craft beer (many that you won't find anywhere else) and the camaraderie of others who want to know your name.I am a big fan!! Tell them Jackie sent you!!
5	The Valley Beer Drinkers Meetup Group has been coming here for months - since before the name change - on occasional Wednesdays for $3 craft pints & the fantastic wings special. We've always had a good experience, and the extensive, rotating brew selection keeps the venue fresh.I've been urging the owner to add at least ONE Pilsner to the IPA-heavy menu, and last night he delivered with a quintessential model: Munchener Spaten Pils! It was great.Adding to the experience was the excellent food. Portions were generous and satisfying!. One member ordered the Fish & Onion Rings, and when it arrived, two others immediately ordered their own! I can't remember better fish (pollack here) or more perfect onion rings! Homemade potato chips were remarkable, and the fry cook definitely knows the craft! Diners have many options for sides w/ entrees, which is a generous touch. Only the cole slaw was a bit bland. Service was friendly & generally good, but not attentive enough later in the meal. Thanks for separate checks, too.I really look forward to returning for brews and to further explore the enticing menu!
4	I like this place it's close to home but thats not the only reason I come here they have a great selection of draft beer. I am a wine drinker but do enjoy a flavorful beer and they have them in spades. Not only that but they several local beers and boutique draft beers. The food is not to bad either, in fact it's pretty tasty and compliments their draft portfolio nicely.
4	The Quick & Dirty: If you love craft beer, you should check out the Monk. The Long: Atmosphere: 3 Stars. Nothing to see here as this is your typical bar. TVs, bar tables, etc. This isn't necessarily a bad thing... just don't come here expecting anything more than a sports bar. Food: 3 Stars. Again, typical sports bar. I've tried two things at the Monk and I wasn't awed. I've had the chicken street tacos and the shrimp street tacos. The first time I had the shrimp tacos, they were delicious! The second time, the shrimp wasn't fresh and was very fishy. I also tried my husband's sandwich once (don't remember which one) and it was just OK. I've heard from friends that their wings are very good so maybe I'll check those out next time. Drinks: 5 Stars. They have a excellent draft beer menu. Varied selection and it changes with every visit. While my husband is enjoying an IPA from Michigan, I can be enjoying a Porter from Colorado.
2	First off I have been a patron of BWR & Hungry Monk for the last 3 years. When I first started going there, the service was awesome, the beer was unbelievable and the prices were fair. I loved this bar and told everyone about it. But in the past 6 months, I have noticed the service sucks and the prices are ridiculous! This just makes me mad enough to notice they are always out of the beer I want and the food is awful. Too bad because if they did a little better on the service and stopped being stingy on the prices - I would still be a patron.
4	Lets start this review by saying if IPA is your game, The Hungry Monk should be your second home. Jim, the owner is quite passionate about India Pale Ales & has no less than 8- 10 different ones on tap at any given time.  From locals like Four Peaks Hop Knot to Jim's favorite Idiot IPA from Coronado, the gangs all here!  At last count there were 27 beers on tap including 6 local brews.  In addition to the aformentioned 10 IPAs there was a nice selection of wheats, ambers & blonde ales. Enough to satisfy even the biggest beer geek(ME).   The place is comfortable though not posh like Flanny's in Tempe.  Very much a sports bar theme w/ more than 20 hi-def televions & every sports package imaginable.  So whats the catch you ask? Much like Flanny's, its the food.  Call me Gordon Ramsay, but I want so badly to see these places do more that just run of the mill pub grub. One Monk standout is the thick cut grilled ham & cheese on pretzel bread. It can be had with grilled onions/ tomatos, is quite nice & would pair well with a big pale ale.  Why can the rest of the menu not be as rustic or creative? As you may know, like many other places, the Monk is famous for chicken wings.  In all fairness, as chicken wings go, they are nicely done.  Jim says his chicken is always fresh, never frozen & it shows but again, where is the flair for food? If only the passion for beer were met by the same for food. Time to pick it up notch lads!  Local breweries such as SanTan & Four Peaks have amazing kitchens serving wondefuly creative dishes that pair well with their beers.  I hear talk that The Monk may incorporate food items from locals such as VonHansen's & Dicks Smoked Meats.  Id say it's a good start!4 stars for the Hungry Monk, much like Flanny's it could be 5!
4	Just a quick update to note here.  I was at the Hungry Monk last week and had my choice of 12 different IPAs On Tap.  My God Man!  Hop Head Heaven!!!
5	The Baskin Robbins of Craft Beer.PROS: Beer selection***, prices, beer quality, crunchy boneless wings that are not the McNugget crap they serve at Teakwoods, atmosphere in bar.CONS:Previous CON removed.... :) The staff in the bar is knowledgeable after all... I can't speak to the atmosphere on the non-bar side, or the quality of the food.  My rating is based on my happy hour experience only.
4	Love, love, love the beer selection! I also really appreciate the fact that they take the time to create a beer menu with so much more detail than just the name.  You can see what style, the brewer and even the alcohol content of each beer before ordering.We popped in on the 4th of July to grab a bite and a drink.  The Pub Pretzels were soft, and the mustard and cheese were a perfect compliment to the San Tan Epicenter I was drinking.  The chicken tenders were breaded and had that nice crunch, and with the addition of the honey hot wing sauce, were a real treat.  Despite being busy, and apparently low on staff, our service was fast and very friendly. Misters kept the patio area pleasant, and we were able to hear the fireworks, even if we couldn't see them.
4	TAKE OUT EXP - BEEN A FAN OF HUNGRY MONK BACK WHEN THE NAME WAS BUFFALO WINGS RINGS AND THINGS!! I LOOOOVE the food their! Especially the chicken strips for a buck on Thursdays! I have not ate in but i have done take out almost every week for the past year and the service is getting worse and worse. I call and tell them separate orders, and they put them all on the same ticket. One of the sauces is usually wrong and instead of grilled they will give me regular fried chicken. They stopped honoring my company's 15% discount... I DID GO EVERY WEEK!!!
4	What a great neighborhood bar! The beer selection here is amazing and I love how it is always cold! I also like the fact that they are always changing the beer selection, allowing all to try new ones.
5	Based on their beer selection alone I'm giving this place 5 stars.  They  must have had about 10 IPAs to choose from, better than any other place I've been - including the Yard House.  I particularly like that the selection will vary, that I might have new choices next time (which will be soon).The food menu seemed a bit limited, but what we ordered tasted good.  Everyone there was very friendly & helpful.
4	SCORE!! A new fav to add into my rotation. I saw this place a fee times and the name always threw me off and didn't really know what to expect. Did some lovely yelp research, and decided to check it out. Love this place!! Tv's everywhere. Bar and both seating area. Its not a normal loud bar..there were families eating here with younger kids also to even older couples getting their grub on.Okay so the bbbeeeerrrrrrr!!!! Huge list of drafts that change constantly also . I had never had do many choices of IPA's!! You can create your own beer sampler. I made an,ipa sampler of four beers( ok I lie we made two samplers each ) we tried everything that sounded good. The menu is nice as well...everything from fried pickles to hummus to fish n chips... I actually had all three of these items and finger licking good.Check this place out...you will dig it if you dig variety in your beer!
4	Really, really awesome beer selection.  I got to try some stuff I've never had before and I was also pleased to see that they had plenty of offerings from local favorites San Tan and Four Peaks.  My favorite of the night was the Scorpion Amber from Mudshark Brewing  Co. in Lake Havasu City, AZ.  Who knew that there was a brewery in Lake Havasu?  I'll have to try and find that beer again some time.The food was just OK, though.  Our table tried the edamame which came with an amazing sweet chili sauce but were horribly overcooked, the wings which were cooked well but not spicy enough, the street tacos which were tasty but not even close to being authentic, and the sweet potato fries.  The fries were the biggest disappointment since I usually love those so much.  These, however, seemed to lack flavor.  They weren't overly greasy but somehow all I could taste was the oil they were cooked in.Our server was fantastic and everyone else working there seemed competent and friendly, too.  The cook even came out to say hello and see how we liked the food (this was prior to the fries so we said we liked it fine).  They seem to have a lot of regulars so I think we stood out as newbies.  But even the fellow customers we met at the community table were friendly.  Overall, a very pleasurable experience.  I am not really a big sports bar person but if when I do have occasion to visit on this will be my top choice of the options close to home.
5	I have been coming here almost every week since this place opened. The Garlic Parmesan wings are the best wings in town hands down. I'm a wing connoisseur and right now I'm traveling 20 miles just to eat these delicious wings. I hope they open more around the city.
4	Last of three stops over a weekend visiting with family. Cool thing was this spot just happened to be about two blocks from my cousins mom's place, so he could actually leave his kids (their grandkids) with them, walk over there for a pint on a Sunday or Saturday to watch a game, then walk back. He had no idea this spot was here, since I guess the last spot had a much more limited menu, and not nearly as many taps. We visited with a group of 4, that swelled to 9 when word got out just how close this spot was to the family. It was a Sunday evening, so pretty sparse crowd, so we kind of had the run of the place (but we all had Monday off, so was cool for us) Sports bar, few T.V.s booths, not too much as far as Ambiance goes, no real swag or art work that stood out to me. Didnt try the food, but the tap selection was pretty decent, with some local brews on tap, west coast stuff from California (nothing special for me, but great for the locals) I was most interested in the Left Hand offerings, as they don't distribute to Cali. The Bartender was friendly, and she had pretty good knowledge of the beers they had on tap. Great that the scene in Arizona is growing, welcome site.
5	TIme for an update -The Hungry Monk is still awesome!  I have been here several times now and I have never been disappointed.  Most recently I dropped in for lunch on a Wednesday and found out that it was my lucky day!  They offer $3 craft beers all day on Wednesdays!  I had my favorite chicken pita and tried Nitro Stout.  It was delicious.  I know the place gets pretty packed when there are games on.  This time last year I wanted to watch some baseball during the playoffs and walked in to find the place was packed to the rafters with people waiting.  Good for your Hungry Monk!!
4	When I first arrived I thought I was in for a poor experience.  The Bartender /Waitress was paying attention to a woman who came in at the same time as me. It turned out the other person was the health inspector and the employees thought I was with her. Once that was cleared up the service was very good.  The beer selection was amazing for a small place.  I ordered wings and they had no problem splitting them up so I could try three different flavors.  My friend met me with his family, (it was 3pm) and the service was still great.  The folks payed attention to the kids and made everyone feel like a regular. I will come again and recommend you give it a try.
5	I love to come here to watch sports, and they have great beer selection that is constantly changing so you can always try something new.
2	There was room for improvement on each aspect of this visit.All you can eat fish and chips were burnt. Fries were good. Second batch of fish was even more burnt. We questioned how the cook and the bartender who served, "Deandra", did not see this, and recognize that the condition of the fish was unacceptable.The wings were litteraly bathing in oil. It seemed as though it was some type of presentation technique, But, it was undesirable and should targeted for change immediately.The burbon bbq burger, It was the most on par item of the set. However, there was a mismatch in the expectation of what medium represented. The onion ring on the burger was very small and the tomatoe was not ready to be served.In retrospect the food was the focus of the need for improvment.Good beer selection and availability.
4	The beer selecion alone is enough for me to come back, but they also have fried pickles and a fried pickle never hurt anyone.
5	Great wings, a great scene, and an amazing selection of craft beers on tap...
5	Love the hungry monk! They have a great beer selection and  I love all their food. And I love places that do daily specials. We always sit at the bar and tiffany, martese and heather are all super nice and make sure to take care of us. There's one older guy that bar tends who is pretty rude so if we see he's working we just go somewhere else. So maybe I'd give the place four and a half stars because of him. But overall we love it.
5	The quirky name drew me in, but the craft beer selection is what really won me over. A personal fave is the Bells Two Hearted Ale, with its delightful balance of hops and malt. It goes fast when they have it, as the taps rotate regularly to ensure fresh options from local and national brewers. The boneless wings are moist on the inside and crispy on the outside. The selection of sauces (lemon pepper is my addiction) will have you licking your fingers and counting your lucky stars. If you want to indulge, order the fried pickles--a Midwest favorite, like spears of salty, crispy goodness. There are plenty of healthier options such as salads, wraps and rice bowls. You won't be disappointed by the witty bartenders and warm service.
2	So I have been to this place twice and I have some good things to say and some bad things to say. First the food is not bad actually pretty good for bar food. Second the beer selections are awesome great craft beers which are always changing I'm a man I like variety so thank you. The big reason for the 2 star is the service. I have never been wowed here in fact the last server we had actually got into a verbal attack with the mother in law because she had asked for a discount because the server forgot to put some of the food on the order and it came out 15 minutes after the rest. Her answer was well you ate it and this is a business. Sorry but really that is the worst answer I have ever heard. I will be back but will ask to be seated in another section. I understand people have bad days so I cant ever say I wont return because of one, but if it happens again that is another story
2	Very average. Food was overdone and waitress stopped chomping her gum only long enough to take our order.
4	Definitely a sports bar for all around beer lovers.  I was expecting to see more Belgian ales..only one on the menu and was overwhelmed by I P A choices. Fries compete with Four Peaks fries...burgers there need some work as does the buns.  Overall, good atmosphere, tons of jocks and decent location.  South Chandler simply needs more bars!
4	Great craft beer selection! Liked our waitress, Theresa, seems to be a good place with good people & friendly staff. The wings were pretty tasty (try the "Crazy" Bbq), we want to try them grilled also. Liked the variety of ways you can order your wings, nice touch. We had a greek quesadilla too, it was good, meat was tender, but could be improved slightly (maybe add some feta cheese?) They have lots of TV's so we expect it to be a good place to watch some events. (No UFC though - too bad!) We were really impressed with the CRAFT BEER & the always rotating menu - keeps things fresh & us wanting to come back for more!! So far, I'm a fan!
2	Wasn't impressed.Heard so many good things from other people but really, it's just another bar with a descent amount of beer on draft with mediocre food. Don't go here expecting it to change your life or really anything more than average local brews with a few specialties here and there. I'd MUCH rather go to Boulders or Papago, especailly since either don't have a blinding amount of light...
5	Love the beer selection and the wings put BWW to shame.
5	I noticed I needed to update this review.  The Hungry Monk is by far the best place to have craft beers and great service in Chandler.  Jim does an outstanding job with his craft beef selection and there is always something new on tap. I was just in for lunch yeseterday and visited twice on Monday. (Hot Scotchy-wow!)  I cannot say enough good things about the beer and service at this very wonderful neighbourhood pub.
2	Will never order a pick up order from here again.  1st time we ordered to go they got the wing sauces completely wrong.  Ordered 3 different sauces for 3 people nothing complicated and it was completely wrong.2nd time we ordered for the Super Bowl their 50 boneless and 50 bone in.  The sauces we ordered were a bit complex 5 different requests.  We received 25 boneless and 75 bone in.  Sauces were all heat level EXTRA HOT or higher.  One of the requests was BBQ regular for a 6 year old.  She was not able to eat because of the spiciness.  I am giving them a free pass due to how busy I'm sure the kitchen was due to the Super Bowl.3rd time was tonight...  Ordered all Regular sauces with one order of hot.  Got all hot including my 6 year old's order, once again, we had to fix something different for her due to it being too spicy!  When who ever is taking my order repeats it back to me everything is correct.  So the blame is going to the kitchen/expeditor.  LEARN HOW TO READ THE DAMN TICKETS PROPERLY!!Will not be ordering pick up from here ever again.  3 strikes and you're out.  The only reason they get more than 1 star is because actually eating there has been a pleasant experience each time we've gone.
5	I can't tell you enough how much I truly enjoyed this place!!! The place was packed when we arrived. The hostess sat us promptly and ensured us our waitress would be right over. The spunky little thing came over to us and took our drink order. With as busy as they were she still had enough time to explain some beers to me and give me some great recommendations. We noticed the table next to us had an array of chicken tenders and sauces. We got their recommendation and ordered us some chicken tenders which I might add are only .99 a tender. They were great tasting, moist, and crunchy. I like that you can add "heat" to the tenders them self or to any of the sauces they have available. Then the meeting of the regulars began. What an amazing group of people we met there. Everyone was so friendly and so down to earth. I have found my new waterhole. Wednesday nights they have boneless chicken wings for .59 and Thursday .99 tenders and Trivia on Saturday!!!! LOVE THIS PLACE =)
4	Good food. Nice selection of beer.  Service was a bit slow and it was loud
2	Chili was from a can, and came with no onions or cheese, first time that's happened.  The tenders 99. cents were terrible as well. The chicken was chewy and rough. The burger was over cooked and the bread was stale.  Only thing solid was the dr.pepper and sweet potato fries.  I wanted to like it but I couldn't find anything to like. Will not be back for round 2.  This is strictly a hang out n beer type a place, nothing more.
4	Some friends and I stopped in and had a couple beers here tonight. They have a really good selection of beer on tap here.  Service was exceptionally good and we had a great time!
2	Great beer selection with mediocre food!  The service is painfully slow.  We have been there 3 times and each time we have waited at least 10 minutes before being acknowledged.  They are always understaffed.  The last time we were there, we asked for the manager, since our server was also tending bar on a busy Friday night.  The manager seemed a little irritated that she had to be "bothered" to take our order.  We still go back because they serve some of our favorite beers on tap~ We will just go when we have loads of free time to wait for service!
2	Decided to go here on a whim because they have a clever name.  Turns out that's really all they have going for them, besides the cold beer.  The food was forgettable, the atmosphere was bleh the service was slow and the decor was like a failed attempt at Applebee's.  Needless to say, I won't be going back any time soon.
5	My husband and I go here often.  Heather is just a sweet heart and takes very good care of us.  The food is GREAT!  Service is outstanding!  Love the patio.  We will go back again and again and again... yummy stuff!
5	Great draft beer selection, wings are top notch and often on a daily special. Soft Pretzels also good along with burgers.
2	I was at the Hungry Monk on 6/22/12 I did not eat anything here, so I cannot review the food - However, I did have some drinks & sat at the bar & also in the dining area.  The first thing I noticed was that the music was EXTREMEMLY loud.  Because of this, everyone pretty much has to shout to be heard - By the time the place got busy, I could not wait to get out of there just so my ears could get a break!The bar was clean & the service was fast.  I was a little disappointed with the "happy hour" drink prices - I was just drinking Coors LIght, and they were $3.25 apiece.  Happy hour was $1 off beer, so that means $4.25 for a Coors Light, normally - Yikes!I moved to the dining area - The manager "Mike" was extremely helpful and friendly, but I think this is because he knew the other people I was seated with - Regardless, he was top notch in my book - Thank you, Mike.The table I sat as was very wobbly - The staff made a comment that "Yeah - That table's been broken for a while", to which I thought "Well, if you KNOW it's broken, why don't you fix it?"  DUH!  A member of my party ordered boneless chicken wings, and they got bone-in by mistake - The problem was fixed, but it took a little bit of time.I would not bring kids here because it is very loud, and it is really an "adult" place.  Everyone is screaming, the beer is flowing, smokers on the patio......Yeah - No - I would not bring kids here.If the atmosphere was more comfortable, and if the prices were more reasonable, I would rate it higher.
3	Beer was a bit off and no lace on the glasses. Cigar smoke coming in from the patio because they do not enforce the 20 foot rule spoiled the atmosphere. The fries were greasy as well. The server was very prompt and attentive but did not salvage our overall experience. Not the best beer bar in the east valley.
3	I've driven by this place before, thinking the name was catchy, but after reading the reviews on yelp, it looked like I had a 50/50 shot of it being money well spent so I didn't make it a priority to try this place.  However, my husband has a couple of coworkers who just love the joint, so yesterday we decided to give The H.M. a try.  We liked that the drink menu is already at the table so we could look it over and decide what we wanted.  There's a nice representation of the local brews and then a good variety of out-of-towners mixed in.  Our server, Kelsey, was at the table a couple of minutes after we sat down and took our drink order.  This was about noon on a Sunday.  Not too busy and she was fairly quick, friendly, and attentive with her service.  The only time she was slow was in bringing us the check.  I had their ribs with a side salad and their house made chips.  Right away I was impressed with that salad.  It's the little things, I know, but it's nice to have crisp dark romaine that's not in pieces the size of an umbrella.  The salad also had fresh mushrooms, tomato, cuke, onion, and what looked like homemade croutons.  I don't use much dressing, but the honey mustard was nice.  The ribs were bone in and very tender and flavorful.  I will definitely get cravings for them, and the house made chips were tasty too.  I like the touch of the herbed parmesan on top.  I got a huge pile of them with my meal and we brought home half of them.My husband ordered the Swiss shroom burger medium rare with sweet potato fries.  His meal is the first reason I gave 3 stars instead of 4.  Both items were over cooked.  Not to the point that they were inedible, but that burger was a second away from well-done and dry.  The bun was a little dry too.  I really think San Tan and blu Burger Grille have the smoky flavor and bun down to a science.  Someone from The Hungry Monk should go check out their burgers and learn from it.  They are close to getting the burger right at The H.M. because I can tell they like a big burger topped with fresh ingredients, it's just not quite there yet.  The sweet tater fries were ok, but mostly crispy critters.  Some of that is fine, but they were all almost like little matchsticks.  The other factor that dropped them to 3 stars was it was almost uncomfortably warm in there.  I know it's July in Phoenix and the recent rain has ratcheted up the humidity, but I couldn't feel any air moving in the place.  I don't know if they are trying to save a few bucks or if the A/C is struggling.  I probably won't be back til it cools off outside, but I will definitely be back.  There were a couple of other items on the menu that looked interesting, it's close to home, and they have a very good drink selection.
5	Great food, great service, and great atmosphere.  Family friendly, with owners that care about their business and their customers!
4	The food was great! I went on wing day and the wings were awesome! The Crazy Sauce is BBQ and garlic sauce. It was amazing. The place was pretty dead but they were playing classic rock and ESPN so I was entertained. The service was slow and not overly friendly.
4	No more fried pickles. :(
3	We went for the first time this Sunday for lunch. The server was very nice and the place its self had a nice atmosphere; open, clean, and decorated. I ordered the Pulled Pork Sandwich and my BF ordered the Battered Fish Sandwich, we both got the seasoned fries. I will say their seasoned fries were AWESOME! Very very good. My BF said his sandwich was great but my pulled pork was a bit dry. It did come with BBQ sauce so I used that to help the dryness. It wasn't overly loud and everyone seemed friendly. My only other reason, other than my dry pork, for the 3 star rating are the prices. Both of our sandwiches were $9.00 a piece and I think it's just a tad too high. $8.00 would have more fairly priced. Overall we were satisfied and would give them another try.
2	So we have been here a few times now. The 1st time was good we had the hummus, pita wrap , burger and kids meal. My husbands burger came out well done and he had ordered medium rare.The kids meal was nothing special but they never are(except for the scoop of ice cream). We went last night and the service was good but 2 people ordered burgers medium rare and they both came out well done even a little burnt. 1 of my children ordered dino chicken nuggets and they were burnt also.  My pita wrap was good and so were the homemade chips. So 2 times we have had burnt burgers.If you can't get burger right when a big portion of your menu is burgers and you send out clearly burnt chicken nuggets(which are frozen from costco), then someone in the kitchen is looking at the food as it is sent out. So I doubt we will be going back.
2	This is a restaurant with great beers on tap plus bar and frequent promo nights. Definitely go when there is one - the reps are great to talk to and swag is often generous. It's far for me, I don't go often, but I'm giving this a somewhat mixed review with a downward turn.Beer selection is decent, but I hate the chalice glasses for the higher alcohol beers. Just give me a snifter. I guess they break too often, too many rookies,so they go with the dollar store chalice for durability. Yes I've seen them at Dollar Tree.I'm mainly addressing the food.I ordered the fish n chips. I knew it wasn't gonna be British style, but I still have my complaints - the fish was 3 small pieces rather than 2 large ones, and the batter was RUBBERY!! I could literally stretch the fish pieces apart. I hated that! So annoying! I think my fish was pre-cooked and then microwaved, that's why the batter was rubbery. GRRRRRRR!!! I STRONGLY SUSPECT THIS!!! I hope whoever reads this who works there, that they feel royally BUSTED! You make me ANGRY AS F*&%!!! Learn how to do crispy fish the British way!Also not much fish volume. Again, I was expecting two decently sized fish pieces. The fries were good, no complaints there. I sampled my friend's sweet potato fries from his pork sandwich, they were good too, good texture. I glanced at my friend's BBQ pork sandwich, it had bacon on it, and came with BBQ sauce on the side. I tasted the sauce. Spicy and delicious! ZING! My friend pulled off some bacon from the sandwich. Not like him to do that, he's a bacon FREAK like I am. I look closer. The bacon wasn't cooked all the way, it was rubbery and fatty. COME ON!!My other friend ordered a gyro and fries. The meat was barely represented. CHINSE!One amazing thing I will note however, was that even though the place was full (not packed), the food came out LIGHTNING FAST. Maybe too fast, not enough time to cook the bacon all the way or do decent fish.The good service keeps you from getting ONE star.I should've eaten at Angels Trumpet instead.
4	In love with this place. Luckily came on a wednesday night, not sure if it's a weekly event, but they were having $3 beer specials plus $.60 chicken wings!! chicken wings were very small and I believe I liked the garlic ones the best! But very tender, very full of meat and very little skin--something i have yet to notice anywhere else. I was actually eating chicken which put a big smile on my face! The beers were alright..there were a few glasses that seemed like they had been sitting out a while. Overall, no complaints. Gyro quesadilla was phenomenal. $7 for a HUGE plateful of greasy, all american food. Perfect combination with the beer! most definitely heading back over there once my next beer craving kicks in!
4	It's always good to explore and pick up out of the comfort zone.  Our bartender M. was the jam.  Witty and informed with the brews on tap and gave us great suggestions for food.  We were meeting up with a friend and had a few beers and food.  They have a good mid week special of wings and beer which is always welcome and the selection of beers on tap are a good balance of full and sout to flavorful, aromatic and bitter.  I'll definately be back for the atmosphere space and overall really welcome first time impression.
4	It should really be a 3 and 1/2 star review but the 1/2 extra star is for the excellent customer service.  The reason for this was the burger I ordered was a little too charred.  I am not very fussy, but it actually tasted charred.  My friend ordered a chicken wrap which was very good, till he got to the second half and found that it was charred too.  Way too charred for him to eat, thus he had to send it back.The saving grace of all this was that our server was really nice and did an excellent job from start to finish.  She kept refilling our tea, brought the orders out swiftly and kept coming back to check on us.  I noticed that the other servers were also doing that too for the other clients, thus they all deserve an extra star for it.I think that because we had gone in right when they had just opened for lunch, the cook was probably multi-tasking while cooking our food.  A couple minutes too long and U get burnt burgers and wraps.  Otherwise, no complaints on the level of service, food presentation and taste or variety.We will be back and hopefully next time they will not burn their patties and meat again.  Seems that is the only thing keeping them from another star for a lot of reviewers here.
3	I really wanted to like this place more because of the nice beer selection they have.  Downside is that it has kind of a low life neighborhood sports bar type of atmosphere inside. Food choices were heavily dependent on grease also. Not that healthy and the bartender had kind of a lousy snotty nose punk kid attitude towards my wife's beer questions.
4	Update :)  very happy to say that they did not mess up the food this time.  Nothing tasted burnt and everything was fresh.  I had their all u can eat fish, which is very good fresh fish.  I say that cause if U had left fried fish under a heat lamp for too long, they get very hard and dry.  The fish here were all nicely fried and hot, from the inside, fresh and not dry, but very supple to the touch.  Well done !Service was again top notch like the first time :)  I am however glad that, this time, I am very happy to say they deserve a 4 to 4 and 1/2 stars for their excellent service and great food.I always come during lunch so I can't try their beers, but if the food and service is any indication, this place should be definitely good to visit :)
5	Wonderful selection of very cold craft beer!
4	Quick review and will expand more later because I've only been here once, but The Hungry Monk offers a great, great, great bacon cheese burger that was just out of this world. Will update once we've made a return trip and tried more on the menu, but if you're a burger fan, add Hungry Monk to your "must try" list.
5	Been frequenting the restaurant since 2010, food is great and so is the staff
2	I have gotten wings from the Monk before and they are always on the light side from flavor but usually very meaty and seem fresh.  Tonight we got buffalo and honey hot wings to go to.  The wings had almost no flavor.  The sauce was extremely light and there was no hint of salt or pepper.  I sent an email to management and I haven't heard anything back yet.
2	I've been here a few times recently Sept-Oct '12. Going occasionally for Trivia on Tuesdays.  I don't know if there are just too many people and not enough servers, but the service has been incredibly slow every time I've gone.  Different servers each time. Even though it is a group of us, they only ask one person if they want anything and dart off before anyone else can order.Like I said, every time has been for trivia night, but if I can't get service to my table it makes it difficult to want to go back. Trivia is fun, but a lot of people on the patio have their iPads out and are cheating the system. Ruins the fun for everyone else. Tried the wings, were okay, a bit dry and lacking sauce. The Good: Tuesday has $2 Mexican Bottles, Sweet potato fries are really good, I'll go back for those! :-) Also a great selection of draft beer.
3	Have been here the past two Friday's joining friends for happy hour. It's now "The Hungry Monk" but same ownership and, doesn't seem to have changed much as far as setup or menu (other than maybe less emphasis on wings?). But the service has definitely improved. And as I've previously noted, they have a great selection of beers, so upgrading them based on my last two visits. I did view the menu last time in but was pressed for time so only able to get some seasoned fries. Will have to try the food and update again afterward.
4	One of the best watering holes in chandler with an awesome beer selection.   Food has gotten much much better.   This review has been edited and years back i rated the food as just blah.   It has made a complete 180 and if you were initially turned off by the food before, give it another try.
5	Beer and wings! Great beer selection. Love this place. It doesn't try to be anything other than what it is. Sit at the bar, have a beer, and try some amazing wings. You won't be disappointed.
4	I love his place!! Great sandwiches ham and cheese on pretzel bun with sweet potato fries my fav., lotsa beers on draft!
2	Ick.  As a pescatarian, and starving for some good protein, I ordered the shrimp bowl with some mixed veggies and sweet and our sauce.  Every component in that dish  tasted like it was defrosted.  Screwing up rice takes effort, and even the rice wasn't that good.  Beer selection was good and I appreciated the menu describing the taste and rating of each beer.  The waitress was pretty nice, but none of that makes up for the lousy food.  My BF ordered the pulled pork sandwich and he said it was ok, but not great.  I guess you have to be a mammal meat eater to like it here.
3	I went to this place on a recommendation.  I was told this place dishes up the best bar food in the valley along with a plethora of brews on tap.  Well, the tipster is batting .500.  This place had a ton of great brews, and a nifty laminated list with descriptions, alc%, and brew styles that made it easy to pick a perfect beer. However, the food was pretty sub par.  The wings were ok, but not the best.  The bleu burger was somehow salty and flavorless.  French fries we also nothing to write home about.  I thought maybe it was a busy night, and a small sample size for an impression.  The next day i picked up some fish and chips, and a Reuben for myself and my lover.  The fish was extremely bland and greasy.  The Rueben was equally unimpressive; Lots of meat but the rye bread didn't seem all too fresh and the onions were few and far between.Nice atmosphere and helpful wait staff.  Even though the place was bumpin' on a Saturday night, all my drink/food requests were handled in a timely manner.  The staff great advice on which beers to indulge in.  Was also notified that the owner rotates beers on a somewhat weekly basis which is refreshing.I will go back again, but i will lower my expectations for the food.
3	I have been to this pub several times and can say the craft beers are very good, friendly management and staff.  Food, well its the norm bar food, what can you say it would not be my choice for dinner out. Great location to meet a few friends and share some drinks and laughs.
4	I've come here many times for Saturday Team Trivia (wining 2nd place last time!), and I really enjoy it.The beer slecetion is awesome. It changes frequently which is nice because I get tired of drinking the same two or three IPAs. I've always thought the service seems fine. On Saturday nights it is generally very busy and I've always felt the service was attentive.Their wings are my absolute favorite. I have eaten my way through their appetizer menu and it's all pretty godd. The wings, though, are amazing!! They are super crispy and flavorful. The Thai peanut, honey hot, and lemon pepper are all super tasty with fresh tasting sauces. The honey hot definitely uses real honey so it's not cloyingly sweet. I'll actually be back his weekend to use my trivia winnings on some beer and wings!
5	Great beer selection on draft!
5	Went here with a few friends on a Saturday night and it was pretty awesome. They weren't as crowded as I had expected, though there was a decent amount of people. Our waiter was super nice, helpful and attentive. They have a nice selection of beer and my friends enjoyed everything they ordered. I had Rum and Diet, which was, of course, delicious and on special!We had fried pickles, quesadillas, boneless wings and something else. Their menu on the website doesn't work so I can't go refresh my memory. We had the BBQ and Garlic boneless wings and while they didn't look particularly appetizing they were delicious. The fried pickles were a little spicy for me, but I'm a baby when it comes to spicy foods lol. My friend loved his quesadilla. The only downside is that their barstools are very uncomfortable after a few hours. I would recommend sitting in the regular seating section if you're planning on staying a while. All in all this place was great and we'll definitely be back!
3	Lots of great beers on tap. The food is so so. The service was good. If you just want some beers an bar food not a bad choice. We won't rush back but we won't avoid it either. So dealers choice LOL
5	Great Place the bartender heather is a dream very helpful....Fantastic beer selection and the food is pretty good also...
4	This is a neighborhood gem, for sure.I've driven by several times and last Saturday I finally made it.The place took me to happier times when I used to go to neighborhood restaurants with cousins and the kind as a kid.A non pretentious nice neighborhood place run by a beer lover (nothing wrong with that) with a broad selection of comfort food and beer.I had the ribs and they were pretty decent. Just don't forget to order extra sauce.Perfect place for a quick bite or spend a nice time with good company.Cheers!
2	My husband and I visited The Hungry Monk on a Saturday night. It was trivia night, so there was a woman announcing trivia questions/answers over the PA in between songs. If you weren't there to play trivia, it was kind of ruined the ambiance. We arrived before the trivia began, but didn't receive any info on how to play from the hostess or our server. We didn't really want to play, but it would have been nice to have been provided with the information, in case we did want to play. The restaurant was pretty busy, maybe because it was trivia night. We waited for a couple minutes to be greeted by a hostess and finally be seated, then waited for a few more minutes for our server to make it to the table. I ordered the Pear Ale to drink and we each had water. The pear ale was good, but kind of pricey ($4.50 for 16oz), maybe I'm just used to ordering drinks during happy hour pricing. We ordered the fried mushrooms for an appetizer. My husband ordered the original gyro and I ordered the veggie pita. The soup/salad came out after about 10 minutes, before the appetizer. I ordered my salad with the balsamic vinaigrette dressing- it was oily and herb-y. Not very good, and I had to keep picking the herbs out of my teeth. My husband got the chili; he said it would have been better if they would have sprinkled some cheese on it. After we had almost finished our soup/salad, I asked the server if our appetizer was almost done- it then took another 10 minutes for the mushrooms to make it to the table. They were pretty good, but I honestly think the server forgot to put our appetizer order in, after waiting for so long, they really should have been COMP'ed. Our entrees were good, nothing too spectacular, but not bad. As we were finishing up our meal, they seated a party of 8 beside us, when there were only 6 chairs at the table. It kind of made us feel rushed out because there were a couple people standing near our table waiting for us to leave. I wouldn't go back on a night when they were doing trivia; I might consider checking them out during Happy Hour. Overall, the food was OK and the service was very slow.
5	Tuesday trivia nights.  Awesome weekly specials.  Seriously badass beer selection.  Only down fall is no UFC.  But plenty of other places have that.  This place is my go to spot.
4	A fun night out can be had here!My wife and I went on a Saturday night because we heard they have Team Trivia. When we arrived the place was quite busy because there was an NCAA playoff game going on. So, we sat and had a beer until the game was over and trivia started. It is not electronic trivia like you might be used to in some bars--they actually give you a pad of paper and they have a host reading out questions and collecting answers. I'm not sure if you actually win anything but it was fun nevertheless.The beer selection is quite nice and they have several things you're unlikely to encounter elsewhere unless you really make a point to visit bars that have a lot of craft beers. The appetizers are pretty good as well--we tried the chips and salsa and one of their quesadillas.This is definitely a dressed-down sports bar so don't put on your Saturday best for a night out here.
3	The servers are great. The Wednesday 3 dollar craft beer is great too! But they love their IPAs and ales. Personal preference: I wish there were more Hefe's on the beer list. Don't order mixed drinks there, you'll be disappointed! It's a beer pub and a damn good one!  I haven't been back there for awhile because of how crowded it gets. The location is so small and loud! The secret got out and  everyone flocked there :(. Now it's very loud so I miss having good conversations with friends when I went.   Their food is "meh". It's bar food, burgers, fries, gimmicky rice bowls (?)- so it is usually a hit or miss. I find myself just ordering chicken tenders and they're A-OK. The service is great. I'm not sure if they are still there but Mike and Martise (sorry, I have no idea how to spell your name :p!) are always friendly and personable. Thanks Hungry Monks for the good times!
5	Great selection of craft beers.  The service is always great as well.  The Abby Chips are the best.  Order them with the spices BBQ sauce.  You're gonna love it.
3	Pretty quiet on a Saturday night. The beer selection was pretty decent, and their prices were okay. The service was pretty slow considering there was no one there. Maybe we went on an off night?
5	Went here Saturday night with friends.  The wings were fantastic!  The beer selection although a bit pricey was grand.  Live trivia was pretty fun and seemed like everyone in the bar was playing along.  Our server Mike was on top of it, never a dry glass among our party.  So glad we decided to listen to the reviews here and check it out.  We will definitely go back again and again.Thanks to you all!
2	I've just come so close to giving up on this place. The only thing I consistently enjoy here is the selection of beer. I can't recall the last time I haven't had one or more of the following messed up: misprepared food, wrong order entirely, horrible service, incorrect bill, etc. I have several friends who like the place so now only go here when one of them selects the destination. The beer list is fantastic, but isn't worth the rest of the headaches.
4	Monk was great. I had the chicken sandwich and was very impressed, lots of flavor. Great selection of beers and plenty of tvs in not only the bar area.
5	I met my boss and another business partner here for lunch. It was the business partner's choice, as he called it his "local watering hole" for the service, food and beer selection. Thanks King James Swann! I loved The Hungry Monk, Heather was great and the manager even stopped by to say hello. This place was pretty busy for lunch and had lots of big TVs so I could see sports scores in between business conversations. I love when a restaurant can draw a good lunch crowd because it lends you to want to come back be a part of the happy hour and night crowd, as well. They have a lunch menu on the back, so be sure to check it out! I also saw they have board games for customers to play. That's a cool idea!
4	I have been here a few times, and each time the food always has been good! This past Friday, my partner and I were in the mood for some good wings and the reviews on their wings here drew us there. We went on a Friday night after we saw a movie. I like that this place is not too big, but very comfortable and awesome atmosphere. They do have an awesome selection of beers and a good menu. It is bar food for sure, but delicious. We both had an order of 10 bone in wings, regular buffalo and were nice and tangy, the way we like it. Next time I am going to try a little hotter. The wings were cooked perfectly. Crispy on the outside, nice and hot on the inside. The ranch, DELICIOUS. Blue Cheese, good but not my favorite. I prefer other blends, but I know some people will like it. It's just my personal preference that I didn't enjoy it as much as others. We also split their version of a pub salad. It was huge and perfect to It's split. Fresh ingredients! We enjoyed that very much. I did not let our service affect our rating, but when we went, the server wasn't the most friendly. Was not warm and welcoming at all. Kinda rude in the beginning but he changed up his attitude and got better. Everyone has an off day so I don't want to let the service affect my rating because we WILL go back. It is nice to have a "hole the wall" type bar close to home. We are not sports fans, but we like the people and atmosphere, beer and food. just overall a neat place and look forward to going back!
5	I haven't been here, ever, on a non-work day - so no drinking for me. From what I can tell though... if you want some sort of different beer... this is the place to go. I believe that they have won a few beer awards for the valley. So if craft beer is your thing... then so is the Monk.how about trivia? They also have a trivia night.Like wings? Well, come here on Monday for their bottomless boneless wing night for $9/person.Pretty awesome place IMHO, and I'm not even judging it on the beer selection.
3	Great service. Great food. It's just when it's slammed, the cook can't seem to handle it well, we were served a completely burnt up burger with a dry hard bun. But, the other 3 we got were perfect! And they totally took care of us! Awesome people, good environment, and great burgers, most of the time:)
4	Good pub food, nothing fancy, nothing frivolous. We went there on a Wednesday evening and the place was packed, and there wasn't even anything special going on in the sports world or on tv. I guess it's just one of those local friendly watering holes because everyone there seemed to know everyone else, and even though we were new there, we didn't feel like we stuck out too much because the staff and patrons were all nice.
4	Was here for a special event last month. I was really impressed. I had figured it was you basic bar food, and yeah it sort of is. I say sort of because I think its like bar food elevated to the next level. We had a large party and sampled  a wide variety of the menu items, and everyone thought they were great. The beer menu is vast and impressive. The wait staff was knowledgeable about the beers and also made suggestions. We sample a few specialty shots as well and they were top notch. I would give the Hungry Monk a full five stars, but the wait staff seemed a little frazzled by our party size and there were a couple of miscommunications as well. Otherwise it was an outstanding and I wouldn't hesitate to go back!
4	The mission today was wings. Yelp pointed me to the Hungry Monk. Here now for my fix. The wings were big and meaty with a good mix of legs and wings. I chose hot buffalo and extra hot bbq. It seems they were not tossed in the sauce but rather put on top of it. No big deal really just another excuse to play with my food. I will go back to try other flavors. The restaurant/bar was nice and not too loud but I guess that is to be expected for a Sunday afternoon. They had local craft brews for $3 which was a bonus.
3	This place draws a great crowd. It's totally casual with locals relaxing, laughing over good cold beers. Super fun trivia night! Sports playing on many large screens. It's a great time! The decor is not my bag. And I wasn't a fan of the food. In fact, the pretzel was just SO opposite of the menu description it was ironic and I laughed at it. I paid $6 for those frozen pretzels you get at Costco and that generic nacho cheese. The burger was ok. Veggies were fresh and it was cooked correctly but the bun was stale and dry. Ick. Seasoned fries were good.Now the highlight of our evening was the draft selection. Very impressive. They have Dogfishhead! Yum!Service was pretty good too. Our food came out really fast and our server answered our questions about the different types of brews, got us samples, and was very friendly.Gosh I wish the food was better here. I wouldn't mind coming back for happy hour or just to drink.
5	Fantastic 100% fresh take on food. Even the simple items explode with flavor when freshly made.  Great staff. Owner always on site and part of the daily operations.  Food has great value.  I love this place.   It is now a favorite.They have a loyalty card that will lead to a free lunch in no time.  Simple!
5	Love this place. Been coming here since it opened a couple years ago. Actually, I frequent this place quite often. Has an amazing beer selection, carry a lot of micro-brews. Plus, the atmosphere and food is great. Can't go wrong with this place, always a good time. Try the grilled ham and cheese on pretzel bread.
3	Awesome, awesome craft beer selection that rotates. Absolutely horrible food. My husband and I spent the night over a toilet after eating here. The three stars is for beer only. Do not eat here. Wait staff has been nice and attentive for the most part.
2	This place was not what I thought it would be.  Frozen Costco pretzels and the slowest service I have had in a while.  Not someplace I will give a second chance to. Surprised they are expanding to a food truck, if they try to compete with the good trucks they will not do well, this food was so far under sub par! We joked about going to Denny's next door, maybe we should have!And everything from the table, seats to the menus felt dirty!
4	Good beer selection and a number of delicious things on the menu.Not to mention $3 Beer Wednesdays...can't go wrong!
3	Good bar food.  Nothing too fancy,  but delicious food.  Great beer selection with a nice little outdoor patio.
4	Great little local place to grab some quality food and watch a game or two. Pork sandwich is delicious and they offer a great selection of microbrews! Service has been pretty solid and the bill has always been decent.
4	Stopped in had a San Tan Amber and Wiings.   the wiing sauces were some of the best i've had. the chicken fingers in Teryaki was excellent and  the staff was friendly.  GREAT service, GREAT food.11 Large screen T.V.s inside for football, 2 outside on patio.clean placegreat selection of craft beers A+
5	The best wings in chandler I swear! I love wings, I eat them at least twice a week, and these are better than any others (I have tried Thai Peanut and Buffalo Regular, Buffalo is the best) Yes, it's noisy in here but you'll never have trouble watching the game, plenty of flat screens in here! Service was great too, the one time I was in a rush, our waitress got us in and out in a hurry. My new favorite dinner place :)
4	Good neighborhood pub. Loved the crazy wings, and the fried mushrooms. Good selection of beers, and people. Low key, good to sit and watch a game. If you want to hang out and not he rushed this is a good option.
3	Usually a great experience, great food and a great staff. The wings are delicious and plenty of craft beers to choose from. My girlfriend and I, along with our friends are regulars here. We go every Tuesday night and Saturday night for trivia. Tonight it was made known to us (by the very friendly and nice GM) that other teams thought we were cheating! It's the first time I've been made to feel unwelcome in one of my favorite establishments in chandler and I'm really disappointed it's come to this. I come to eat great food, and have fun. Not to be made to feel unwelcome and accused of cheating on an unimportant game. Kudos to the GM for being so nice about it, but I'm really disappointed in the experience tonight. It may be a while before we come back. The only people that are to blame are the fellow patrons of the Hungry Monk. Relax and lighten up, people.On the plus side, as I stated before, the food and beer are great, and the atmosphere (when no one is accusing you of cheating during a trivia game) is fun and pleasant. The staff are always attentive, and we've grown very fond of a few specific staff members. Would have been five stars but I'm feeling really unwelcome there at the moment. Again, this is NO reflection of the staff or food, but rather all of you, my fellow patrons. You should be ashamed of yourselves.
4	Nice selection of beer on tap and a well rounded menu. Super friendly staff. They're always updating the beer selection menu. The pork sandwich is highly recommended, and their house-made potato chips are always on point.
4	Not usually around this part of town yet happened to be and stopped in for a beer.  Glad I did!  The beer selection is fantastic with a range of styles and ABV's. On top of that, they rotate the selection!  Pretty good prices, less than other places and their happy hour is a good deal as well.Place was rather busy yet our server was very attentive and polite.Did not try the food but now I have a reason to return!
5	Love love love this place!  We come here because its close to our apartment and because it has great beer selection for my bf. Food is great! I love the honey hot wings!  The salads are fresh and great as well.  Breakfast is good to.  You know it's not frozen and then put in a microwave. The service is awesome too!  They actually talk to you more than asking how your food is or are you ready for your check.  They make conversation and make more of a connection with their guest!  Oh as well pet friendly on the patio!
4	Fun place to hang out with friends. Ask one of the bartenders to make you a night cap if you're in the mood for a really strong and creamy drink. Do not be fooled by taste.
5	I went here for a happy hour with co-workers after my 6:30-3:00 pm shift ended.  I was really happy I got to experience my only happy hour with the co-workers I went with here at the Hungry Monk.  They have such a gigantic beer selection here and the appetizers are phenomenal.  We were all able to get our food and alcohol at the same time fairly quickly.  In addition, the server was very friendly.
2	Good beer but I don't recommend the food and the service was lackluster. We ordered two beers from the specialty menu- both were served about 10 degrees warmer than they should have been. The decor is confusing- part sports bar, part inspirational wall art from Ross.The red pepper hummus appetizer lacked flavor- overall it was bland and a little depressing. My Mediterranean veggie wrap magically transformed into a chicken wrap before it hit the table. I notified our waitress who fixed the problem but also let the "wrong" food sit on the table while the new food was fired. Once the correct order was brought out she removed the wrong food from the plate but left the side of sweet potato fries- which were not crispy or warm.The whole experience made me crabby and I'm still hungry for good food. Won't be going back.
4	I went on a Monday to have the all you can eat boneless wings and I was very pleasantly surprised.  The wings are delicious.  The Crazy Sauce was my favorite, it's sweet and tangy and hot all in one. I loved it. The Lemon Pepper was really good as well. I tried the peanut, it was ok but not as good as the Crazy Sauce or the regular sauce. Even if you only eat the 1st 10 and fries it's a great deal. The french fries are really delicious perfectly crisp and slightly seasoned, really good. I don't really drink beer but my friend said they had a really good selection and ordered a couple. The service is pretty slow, not sure why but it took everything forever. We sat in the booth for a good 10 minutes before anyone brought us a menu and took our drink order. Just as long for everything else. So just keep in mind that you're going to be there awhile when you go.
1	Food is okay but, good luck getting service!
4	Love the Monk. Beer selection is always different and exciting. Great place to be adventurous and find a new beer! Food is consistently good, make sure you sit in Brandy's section, best waitress ever! Owner is friendly. Also has many healthy options!
1	We'll the food is good but the conversations we had to listen to from the staff was disgusting. I would somewhat get it if they were in the back and I heard it but they were sitting at a table eating at the table next to us having the conversation the whole time we were there. They have lost my business for good and I won't be back.
3	Good food.  Great beer.   But booo for not filling growlers.   What's the point of having an amazing beer selection and then not fill a growler???
5	Love this place. I just moved to Chandler from MA and was worried I would not find a good craft beer place in the area. I was so completely wrong! I love how casual this place is, and how friendly the staff AND patrons are. They are constantly changing the beer menu, and everyone who works there is pretty knowledgeable about their selection. They have good deals (like 3$ craft draft beers on wednesdays). I love how I can bring my dog to the bar and sit at the patio, they always bring out a big water bowl full of ice water for her too! The food is OK, nothing to freak out about.. but also nothing to complain about. Just wish they had some healthier/lighter options.. But it is pretty in line with typical bar food.
5	Can't believe how many craft beer selections they have there! One thing I like about the monk is that they constantly update their tap list.  I'm a craft beer drinker. This place makes me happy :p. If you like Michigan beer this is the place to be.  The owner is from Michigan originally, so he tries really hard to put Michigan beers on the tap.  I have been there a few times since I moved to Chandler and every experience was really good!
3	Very good beer selection with the most regular offerings from Bells of any local bar I've been to.  Two Hearted is almost always on tap.  Very reasonable prices.The food is mediocre.  I think they've been trying to step up the food lately but I haven't had anything that was noteworthy. It can get very crowded and noisy.  If it's not technically a sports bar, it can pass for one.  There are TVs EVERYWHERE, which is a bit of a turn off for me.
5	Try the crazy wings! Add a level of heat and it's even better! The beer list is always fantastic, the service is great and the rest of the food menu is always expanding and delicious, with great specials... Beer and bacon night? Yes please! I've never had anything I've not liked.One of the best bars in the area. We already come back to this place over and over, and we can't get enough!
4	The Pros:-excellent meat in the pulled pork sandwich!-incredible sauce with the sandwich-fantastic, obscure beers on top selection!!!-good serviceThe Cons:-The bun, the iceberg lettuce and the tomato with the sandwichI'd normally rate a place like this 3 stars, but I'm giving it a +1 specifically because of their amazing selection of rotating taps.  I like knowing that every time I go in, there will be new surprises on tap.
5	We'll done!!! Great craft selection on tap, always new beers on deck. Reverse happy hour worked out great, got a flight and the wings were really good! The bar staff has it dialed in, and know there beers.
4	Great wings with good heat selection and good chili. Good burger with all the trimmings. Will definitely try this place again.
5	Great food and beer. Staff is extremely friendly and is very willing to help you choose a great beer from their huge selection.
4	I had the nachos with chilli.  A very large portion.   A good meal.  Hungry Monk is awesome because of the large selection of Draft beers.  Even a beer from a tiny brewery in my area of Pine Arizona (That Brewery).  I am impressed.  Typical bar set up.  Good service.   Took a bit to get silverware,  yet a fun place to hang out.  I will be back.
4	Decided to try this place out because it's close to our new house and had fairly good reviews. The Good- the food! Not your typical "bar menu." They offer a wide variety of creative options, at very good prices. We split an order of wings, half a greek quesadilla, and a sandwich. The wings were unbelievable! The rest of our choices were good- and the side of fries were seasoned perfectly. Our service was amazing, too! We sat on the patio, which was pretty empty and I was concerned we'd be ignored or forgotten about...but we were checked on every 10 minutes or so, our food arrived quickly, and our server was incredibly friendly. The Bad- we sat on the patio (our choice), which was very small. We did so to have some peace and quiet because the bar area was so loud when we walked in. However, people came out to smoke every 10 minutes or so. Which given the space, meant they were blowing smoke all around us. All in all, I'd come back. This is a neighborhood spot with a good sized bar area. Not a place I'd pick for a cozy date night...but we'll definitely be back for the good eats.
5	Probably my second favorite place in the valley after OHSO.Awesome selection, decent food, service can be a little slow occasionally but still 5 stars.I hear they have good breakfast during football games, but have yet to try it.
5	Love this place! Me and my buddies always come here on Wednesdays. Service is always on point, food is delicious and decently priced.
3	I had arrived late into Phoenix, so I was *starving* by the time I arrived at The Hungry Monk. The place was packed and hopping. I'd read the reviews, and was hopeful this would be a good place to eat. Ended up getting the bourbon BBQ burger with fries. I had asked for a medium rare burger, on the rarer side. It arrived more medium than anything. Both the burger and fries were decent, nothing to write home about. I was pretty tired, so I wasn't much in the mood for any beer. That kind of defeats the purpose of going to an ale house for dinner, but there you have it.
3	This is basically a sports bar.  They have a bar, a dining area, and several TVs tuned to sports.  We came here for lunch.The menu was pretty typical.  A nice array of appetizers, several burger selections, several sandwich selections, plus rice bowls and gyros.  The last was a bit of a surprise.I wasn't feeling too adventurous, so I had a burger.  It was very good (served on ciabatta).  My wife had a salad that she liked (chicken caesar, I think).  The price wasn't unreasonable.I can't really rave about them, but it was a solid dining experience.  No problems.  I wouldn't make a point of coming here, but if it were convenient and I wanted a burger (or gyro) I could see coming here.  It's walking distance from my office.
1	good food, but horrible customer service experience with the manager left me and my wife completely disgusted with this place.. never going back if it were the last place on earth serving food.
3	the place was ok i got a burger my wife had a Gyro the burger was a little over done the homemade chips that came with were really good but the burger put a damper on the whole meal. My wife's Gyro was good the chips also good, my son had a grilled cheese which was good as well. I would give 3.5 stars if possible, one drawback i did not enjoy was the community tables we generally will not do booths because we need a high chair for our son and usually that could block servers or other people in general but at a community table i really dont want to hear other peoples conversations that i do not know when i am trying to speak to my wife and son. Beer selection was pretty good to, we may give another try
1	Walked in and walked out. Ten pm half tables have chairs up. Country music and no one greater us.
3	This place seems hit or miss to me.  Typically, there is a great beer selection on tap...no complaints there.  As far as the food and service goes? Well that's a different story in my opinion.  Without going into too much detail, the dining area could be a bit cleaner more consistently, the wait staff could be a bit more attentive and friendly, and the food could be more consistent.  Not a bad place at all, especially if beer is your main concern.
3	Eh- I wouldn't go back. Nothing great about the food. Quite certain the wings, pickles, pretzels, and possibly the quesadilla came frozen and was warmed in the micro. Lots of beer to choose from, so I guess that was cool. Nothing special here!
5	Good Food, Good Beer
4	Go to place for very large and wide selection of craft beers on tap.Has good wings as well (use to be called Wings N Rings or something like that, This a far better name :-) )Some days all beers are $3 which is not bad for some of the really tasty ones.Sports bar kinda vibe, relaxed overall
4	This is a great establishment with a wide craft beer selection in the East Valley. I have had food a couple of times, but usually I just go for drinks. Nice large, rotating selection of beers on tap and some good bottles. No carry-out license so if you do get a bigger bottle you have to drink it there.
3	Decent place, decent food. Nothing more. Just a regular sport bar. The humus was bland, the Hungry Monk Tripple was nothing as described, but an average to small sandwich far from being pilled with meat. A bit overpriced for what was offered. Three cheese Quesadilla was nothing to remember also. The place is enjoyed by the locals, yet nothing I would recommend if traveling and looking for a special place to eat.
2	Nothing special here. Food was average at best. The wings were okay, how can you screw up wings???
4	I love the food here omg and 12.45 for 3 well vodka coke drinks!?!? Yummy!  We had a blonde servee...marcia...merc....something... but she was nice :)
5	I love to come here for Happy Hour on Wednesday nights.  Boneless wings are 60 cents each and drafts are $3 and I'm not talking about Coors or Bud light.  There is a whole list of craft beers you can choose from.  This place is always packed when I come. Even though it gets so busy, the service is always great.  They manage to make frequent stops to check up on you.
5	Ideal hang-out for happy hour. Nice beer selection and the wings are incredible. We had a big group of people, so we ordered each flavor of wings. I can attest that each one is well deserving of praise.Casual atmosphere and reasonable prices makes this place an excellent choice to kick back, relax, and enjoy some food!
3	I want to love this place, but every time I order something to go, when I get it home it's not what I ordered! Tthe people are nice enough, but seem to never get my order right.  The wings that I ordered were just ok this last time, and I'm sort of wondering now if they microwaved as the wings were a little tuff.
3	Good atmosphere, friendly service, decent price. I got ale battered fish w/ ale battered onion rings, the fish was good and the rings were ok. I liked the tartar sauce, cant say that at most places. My biggest complaint is that I didn't get a refill until I was nearly done with my whole meal... my wife really liked her meal she said she would be willing to go back but for a drive from mesa to chandler idk if I will be going back.
5	While we don't come too often, it's our trusted dinner spot- we have a general rule not to do the same restaurant twice, so that we keep getting new experiences, but the Hungry Monk gets a free pass at least once a month- it's solid food you can trust will taste great.If you only got to try one item- I would vote for their fresh, never frozen chicken tenders- they put all other restaurants to shame- I personally love them better than the chicken wings because they are meatier, juicier and over all  a better price for the product.  But of course, don't bother with wings or tenders if you're not up for the house blue cheese dressing- we're truly waiting for them to package it for sale separately- it's that good.If you get to try a second item- please don't pass up on the gyro quesadilla.  It's SPECTACTULAR- the gyro lamb meat is tender and plentiful, combined with cheese, diced tomatoes and diced onion (I occasionally omit the onions) with a house made tzaziki sauce (I'm sure I butchered the spelling of that, sorry)- it's the genius combination of a delicious gyro with gooey cheese and tortilla.
5	Great beer selection! Ribs were great and reasonably priced. Chili was good. Not crazy about the cole slaw, pretty bland. Food service was very fast considering how busy it was, but our server wasn't around much. 5 stars for a sports bar.
2	Felt it was a greasy pit of processed food.  Really let down with all the other reviews i read... it was nothing what others described.
4	Good place to hang out with friends . The foods was amazing and the service was great. Will be back soon but dont wanna gain to much weught.
4	The day after the 100-year-flood we had recently I was watching the feed from a TV news helicopter and saw a parking lot that had turned into a giant swimming pool with a bunch of kids on boogie boards. I wondered where the heck this place was until the camera panned out and I caught a glimpse of the Travelling Monk truck. I didn't have to wait for the camera to pan out and confirm it was near Denny's and Hungry Monk to know where this mall was. This is when I realized the Hungry Monk was a landmark. In the month before this happened, Hungry Monk had become a dining and drinking landmark for me and my friends. Tuesdays and Saturdays are trivia nights and we've attended quite a few of those to play against dozens of other teams with raunchy, silly, risque, and downright funny names. I wouldn't say we've been here enough times to be called regulars but Marcie the bartender knows us and that means we come here often enough. Most of the real regulars hang out at the patio smoking cigs and coffin nails and we've never really ventured out that way. Have seen some bizarre stuff right at closing time at the bar - some guy in his 80's motorboating some woman a few decades younger than he was. Then another time some guy offered his girlfriend to some other guy he was bonding with over drinks. Good times, good times! I've tried most of their food and I usually stick with that massive Hungry Monk Trippel - with locally smoked pulled pork, smoked bacon, and a thick slab of grilled tavern ham and served on thick cut Texas Toast with a side of Freddy G's BBQ sauce. They don't give enough sauce for that though. Also the Monk's Ribs is actually pretty decent for bar food. And their gyros. Funny thing, one of my friends started talking to this guy with tattoos that works at Monk and asked him if he was the bouncer. Nope. Turned out he was the chef. LOL. Place gets pretty packed daily around dinner time but usually clears out before it gets late. These guys also have a TouchTunes jukebox but sometimes they have some crappy radio station turned on so you can't use it. Place closes at midnight most days or at 1 AM weekends. But the closing times are like stop signs in Nogales - mostly just suggestions. I've been there when last call ended up way past the regularly scheduled closing time. Their food is decent but if you're still hungry after they close there's always Denny's next door or Los Favoritos not too far away in the mall.
4	I had never tried the Hungry Monk before since I don't drink but I found them on a list of places with a happy hour until 7 so I wanted to bring a group of people there for a mid-week happy hour.The Hungry Monk is a great place to bring a group. They have a big craft beer selection, a decent menu for a bar, and the staff were all fantastic. They have a huge communal table in the bar which is fun and tons of televisions for those sports minded folks. They also have large tables is the dining room that seat 10 comfortably.I give them 4 stars out of 5 because their food is okay but not great. But I have only tried 4 menu items so far so I am not the best judge. But since I don't drink I can only judge the food!
1	Decided to try it out because it is literally minutes from my business. Was excited because I read the reviews on here and was really looking for some good food and service. Now that I experienced it I am wondering if the other reviews are fakes.I want to start out by saying that this place has the TRUE POTENTIAL of being great, Kudo's to the owner for putting together what appears to be a great place. Trouble is, the staff hired will KILL this place given enough time. 1) Went there for lunch2) Sat ourselves down at a table3) Waitress and staff all around but all looked like they were kind of pissed4) Waited and waited and waited. Nothing.5) Another couple walked in. 6) Still waiting for service. Nothing.7) Waitress goes over to the people who just walked in and gets their order.8) STILL WAITING. Nothing. 9) Food delivered to the couple that came in!10) STILL NOTHING. NOT EVEN A HELLO!...screw this place. We got up and left. Time wasted...about 45 minutes.  Damn I was hungry too! Finally found a great little Greek place on Ray road. Service was incredible. Food was incredible. So I am voting with my dollars now. This place... no votes. The new cool pace in Ray Rd... gets my vote every time.I can see why the Monk is Hungry. He probably went during lunchtime.
2	Stopped in by myself during happy hour.Sat at the bar.Drank a Lost Abbey quad.Surrounded by Coors Light slobs.Excellent and friendly service.
2	I was so excited to try the pretzels that is why I came here. But boy oh boy, they are not fresh totally frozen from J&J pretzles and served with bad fake yellow cheese and I'm pissed! I don't like places that mislead you and this was a total fail, the Cesar salad was mean too bland and small as hell even for a side salad and the cheeses with the portable isn't beer cheese. The waitress was a doll that's all that was good
4	Great wings, big selection of beer. A bit hard to dig thru their beer selection menu, and some weak areas in the selection, but overall enjoyable and worth the trip.
5	I stopped in for lunch and found their lunch special to be a great value. The Hungry Monk is on my approved list of establishments for a good lunch without breaking the bank. I really like their home made chips and the Gyro sandwich is pretty good too.
5	The beers on tap change every time I'm there. The favorites always stay. There food is a step up for the average bar food. It has a gourmet twist. Try the Martise special wing sauce. Can't really explain what's in it but it's darn good. They have trivia on Saturday nights at 8. It's a blast. Get there early because it fills up. Youthful fun wait staff  Overall a great neighborhood joint that never disappoints.
2	Great bar menu. Cheap scotch. Awesome beer selection.Definitely a great place to have drinks, just make sure you eat before you come. They have the worst food ever. I honestly don't understand how they've received a single award for their food. It's always bland or weird and usually over cooked.I'd grab a cocktail here any day but I'd get a pizza delivered if I got munchy.
4	This a good place to watch the local people drink beer and party. The beer menu is large and lots of TV screens for the sports people. Food is so-so.
4	Great bar tenders and sound for the game, plenty of tvs for whatever your pleasure. great place, give it a try
4	Love this place.  Beer selection is excellent and Wednesday happy hour cannot be beat.  If that wasn't the only reason to go here they have great daily food specials and their entire menu is tasty.
5	Go here every week since it is so close to work. The food is good and the price is perfect too. Very friendly staff
5	Tons of beers on tap. Smiling service with the right kind of attitude. The food is very good and the atmosphere is awesome. The long narrow table seating is strange at first until you realize how many people you fit comfortably. Get to know your neighbor. Thanks for the Great service.
4	If you're looking for gourmet food or white glove service...then obviously this isn't your place. BUT if you are looking for a fantastic local neighborhood bar with tons of tv's for sports, awesome beer list that changes regularly and delicious wings I highly recommend.
