5	Just found this wonderful little place!  Had the beef shawirma and the best falafel.
5	The flavors were out of this world.  The service is excellent.  I can't wait to go back.  Thanks for a great meal.
3	Yummy hummus, tasty salad, flavorful chicken shawarma.  And the bread is more like naan, rather than pita from the bag that was sliced into pretty little triangles. Went for dinner carryout. Wish I would have went for lunch I would have saved a few bucks. I think my chicken shawarma came out to 14 bucks (ouch!).  My sister ordered the a vegetarian dish, falafel, hummus and baba ghanoush - from her empty plate, I imagine she liked it. I'll go for the lunch next time, hoping it will be cheaper yet filling for my tummy.
4	I am no expert on mid-eastern cuisine, but my jerusalem salad with chicken was delicious. Reasonable prices, quick service, spotless facility.
4	In my younger college days I used to live a couple blocks away from Lulu's but in yet another case of youth being wasted on the young I never took the time to dine there.  At the time I had no interest in Mediterranean cuisine, a mistake that I've only recently addressed.  And while I cannot reverse the actions of the past I'm happy that out of the demise of Lulu's arose the Nile.  I've been atoning for my past negligence over the course of the last year and this restaurant is certainly at the top of my favorites in town.  At first I was a bit concerned by the lack of patronage especially on weeknights, but I'm happy to see this place start to attract a crowd.  My last time here was the best so far, a Friday night with a mostly full room and in a nice surprise two bellydancing performances. We split a bottle of Italian pinot noir and got an order of the bisara, a pureed fava bean with caramelized onions concoction that is absolutely delicious.  The pita was perfect when it was brought out but the two remaining wedges had hardened considerably by the time the entrees came.  This didn't prove to be an issue as we were brought another basket along with a refill of the orange blossom-flavored water.   For the entree I shifted from my usual order of the hummus bel-lahmeh (excellent) and went with the lamb shawirma (also excellent).  I go back and forth on lamb as it can be too much for me sometimes but this was just about perfectly seasoned and not overly tough.  The entree did not come with tabbouleh as my usual does, but I made up for it by getting with house salad.  Following dinner two of us opted for the Arabic coffee, which had more cardamon flavor than I've had elsewhere, while the third had a piece of tiramisu.  The main downside in my experiences here have always related to the pace and quality of service.  I've been lucky in that I've never experienced a really bad dinner but I've heard stories.  Some of the times I've been here there have been only three or four tables occupied with only one or two servers working.  I've only seen the occasional delay in refilling water or clearing appetizer plates, nothing that really diminished the experience.  But I also don't believe I'd ever recommend the Nile on a night with a schedule to maintain.  This place does nice leisurely dining well but if you have somewhere to be it could a crapshoot.
4	The food is always amazing-I've only tried vegetarian items.  They have a friendly staff that is happy to answer questions.
4	Hidden in a nondescript strip mall is one of the few places in Madison where you can get yourself some decent and authentic Arab cuisine. In fact, if you aren't tucked away in a disheveled strip mall with foam ceilings and a drywall/carpet combo from the 90's, I question your authenticity as a legitimate Arab establishment.The Nile serves up all of the staples of Egyptian cuisine, typically in a tapas small-plate style. Though this seems to vary wildly on each dish, since a $9 bowl of fatteh (garbanzo bean puree) netted me about 100 times as much food as a $5 plate of hummus.They also tend to put their own flairs on classic Egyptian dishes, changing them quite a bit from what they should be. The dash of cinnamon in the kibbe (fried meatballs) is original, but it does make me pause for a second and think "this isn't kibbeh!" And sometimes I just want regular water without rose extract in it.I don't know if it's a bad thing. I'm no purist but those dishes tend to get spiced the exact same way over and over throughout history for a reason. On some dishes it's a really welcome spin on a familiar taste, on others I just think "I just want some damn foul (fava beans) without you adding whatever-the-hell-this-is to it."
4	Went for lunch today (Saturday) since we were nearby and reviews looked good. We never would have thought to stop by otherwise. The sign does not make it look like a restaurant. We were pleasantly surprised by how good the service and food were. Everything came out very quickly, and even though there were about 7 tables full and just one waiter, he was attentive. The two of us and our 2 yr old shared the falafel appetizer and beef shawirma. My husband also had a cup of lentil soup that was very smooth, creamy, and with nothing bitter. It's been a week since we were there, and I keep thinking about that one sip of soup that I sampled. Everything was great.
3	Another one of the those places where some of the food is good, and other stuff must be avoided.Gyros here is a joke, this is not much different, if at all than the kind in the freezer case at Copps, avoid it, you want decent Gyros in Madison, go to The People's Bakery on the east side, not Parthenon.Okay, the falafel is good enough to eat, not the best I've had, but works.Really the best thing I've had is the chicken shawarma sandwich, so this is what I would suggest to you. It's probably closer to 4 stars, maybe 3.75.The hummus also is very good.Nile is a worthwhile middle-eastern place for food, they should stop trying to do it all, and just do what they do best.
5	We had the house specialty for two: lamb, chicken, beef, and shrimp with hummus, tabouli, and bread was excellent and a fair deal for the price.  Back bottom of menu.  Will definitely be back for more.
4	We ate here two nights in a row (Friday and Saturday) and were very happy with the food and the service.  Both times we were were seated in a comfy booth.  The decor needs updating but I did like the drama of the black flocked wall paper on the back wall.The flatbread arrived warm and lightly singed with a plate of seasoned olive oil--a very appealing introduction to the meal.We ordered the vegetarian platter with hummus, babaganoush, and falafel.  The baba ganoush was the star, extremely flavorful with the hummus a close second.  The falafel was pleasantly nutty and crunchy but was less well seasoned.  But  dipped in the tangy tahini sauce, that became a non-issue. The second night I ordered the lamb shank (I might have ordered it the night before but the waiter did not alert us to the specials and we had missed the billboard at the entrance to the restuarant).    It was very tasty, falling off the bone, but just the slightest bit stringy.  It was accompanied by huge mound of rice and a tomato sauce with string beans which reminded me of a lamb dish with stewed okra that I have had at Turkish restaurant in New York. The first night my husband ordered the beef shawirma and the second the lamb kebab and kefta combination.  The meats were very tasty and were served with hummus on the side.  The shawirma had a cinnamon? flavor that was very interesting.  The meals came with soup or salad.  The salad consisted of lettuce, tomato, cucumber, green pepper, tomatoes, parsley chopped small.  It was delicious and tasted like tabbouleh salad without the bulgur.  I wasn't a fan of their diet coke from the fountain--the mix of syrup to soda just wasn't right and it left a nasty taste in my mouth.  The next night I ordered a glass of wine (garnacha) instead and was much happier.  The waiters were very solicitous on both nights.  When we asked for more bread, it arrived quickly, taking only as long as it took to heat up a new batch in the oven.  Baklava was the perfect ending to the meal.  We live in Minneapolis but if return  to Madison, we would happily return to the Nile.
5	Great Arabic food.  Good service and delicious food. I especially like the hummus and falafel. The location is a nondescript strip mall on Odana, which is nice enough instead but not  that spectacular. I admit that I'm biased towards Middle Eastern food.
2	The nile was too overpriced for what we got.  The food tasted decent but not worth the bill:0
4	Very impressed from my one lunchtime visit.  Best falafel I have ever had!  Will definitely try again.
5	a hidden gem in the mad-city!meals are reasonably-priced, with good portions.  service is exceptional.  the decor is cute - totally reminds me of my egyptian sister-in-law.  love the rose-flavored water, very refreshing.  and most importantly, the food is exceptional!  i'll be back again and again.
3	Having eaten here several times and had mixed experiences, I wonder why I'm so out of step with these other reviews. I enjoyed Lulu's, the progenitor of the Nile, but I wouldn't have put it any higher than 3 stars either.This past time I decided to have the combo with the Kibbee, Sorar, & dolmatas. After previous meals, I was hoping to find something that I liked so I could order it when I return with our companions who are fans. Of the three I think I'll stick with the stuffed grape leaves which were tasty and moist. AS good as I have had any where. The other two dishes were quite dry. The kibbee was an interesting dish made of bulgar, beef, and pine nuts. It surprisingly hot, not too hot though. The yogurt sauce was a must to contact the dryness.The sorar is like a pasty, a pastry shell with lots of rice, veggies, some meat & pine nuts. Because both dishes were so dry there was not enough flavor for me.Perhaps I don't appreciate these dishes as they are supposed to be but for my taste they were not that great.I will say that the portions have been good, the prices are fine, and the service has been good as well. But I won't be back on my own (too many other places to chose from) but likely return when our friends invite us.For those picking on the decor: I find it very typical of middle eastern restaurants of this type. Even in the Middle East...
4	Nothing but very good reviews from our party of 12 who dined at the Nile on Tuesday night. We all had very good food, well-seasoned and reasonably priced. I can specifically recommend the sorar, hummus, and tabbouleh and am very eager to try the Nile chicken, spinach cheese pie, and lamb dishes which were enjoyed by some of my companions.  The service was very efficient and we asked for and received separate checks without any problem. We plan to return...soon. Parking was a bit of a challenge, as it seemed to be prime time for classes at the karate school next door.
1	We heard good things about the food, so stopped in for lunch- party of 4, including a toddler. The server directed us to a table near the door, but we asked for a booth that seated 4 instead. We got the distinct feeling she didn't want us sitting there. She did bring us menus, but that was it. She repeatedly serviced the table RIGHT NEXT to us, turned her back to us, and completely ignored us, while waiting on people who were seated after us. After twenty  minutes we got up and left. It doesn't matter how good the food is, the waitress completely wasted our time, and we left feeling terrible. Not a pleasant experience at all. DON'T PATRONIZE THIS RESTAURANT!
4	Coco wawa!!!  I love this restaurant.  Excellent service/Excellent food.   Go eat there.
4	I would give The Nile 5 stars but am being a bit whiny in my review... 1) Lulu's (where the head chef of The Nile used to be before opening his own place) was within walking distance of my 'hood.  2)  I miss the small, ever changing Arabic grocery that used to be at Lulu's.  3)  Strip mall dining reminds me of the year I lived in S. Florida.  Which if you've ever had to reside there, you are most likely nodding your head in sorrowful understanding.  The Coco Wawa (spicy chicken dish) is large enough to feed two people.  Best hummus ever... creamy & smooth, just how I love it.  Our waiter happily substituted cous cous for rice/fattush salad for the standard house salad when asked if it was possible (Thank you, again, for being so graciously accomodating!).  The pita was soft & pillowy, appeared to be homemade.  Go there.  Now.  You'll forget you're in a strip mall once inside.
4	Fantastic food.  The pita is reminiscent of bread from the village, so that's always a good start.  The service was good, food was fantastic, and it seems very hard to go wrong with what you order here.  I had the sorar, which is a savory 'pastry' filled with ground beef, rice, peas, carrots, and pine nuts.  My dining compatriots had the Lebanese mezza, which comes with a ton of pita and all the dippings you can imagine.  This place deserves a better location.  It's not very bike-friendly to get here unless you brave four-lane, no shoulder Odana for a half-mile.
4	Delicious food, and the prices are reasonable.  I got the egyptian lentil soup, which I absolutely loved, and the spinach lentil soup, which was good.  The soups were a very decent size, and two of them were too much food.  The hummus plate and pita were fresh and really tasty as well.  Our waiter was very attentive and refilled my water every time I emptied it, which was at least 5 times during the meal.
4	Great place, whether it's lunch or dinner time. Hummus is to die for! Just a warning though - the kebabs are a bit spicy for those who don't tolerate any spice at all. Really recommend to check this place out.
4	Getting the negatives out of the way first, the atmosphere is entirely unremarkable, the music is awful and too loud, and the service can be a bit spotty.HOWEVER.....the food is absolutely sublime.  I've been there upwards of ten times, and have yet to have anything that was not outstanding. They make the best falafel in town, and I would be proud to serve their hummus at my next dinner party.  The prices are just right, too.  Lunch seems to be an especially good deal.So, unless you think form more important than substance, do yourself a favor and hit the Nile for your next meal out.  You will not regret it.One star withheld for the aforementioned negatives.
5	Wow! The food here was amazing! Our party of five stopped here in Oct 2013 and we really enjoyed the food. We were served plenty of crispy pita bread available when ordering hummus, and it was topped off when our entrees arrived. Next time I am in Madison, this will be one of my stops.
2	In short:Poor serviceDecent foodThe experience was odd, when we arrived for lunch at 1pm, we were given dinner menus. Then when seated and after we had decide what we wanted to order, our party of 3 was informed that there was an obligatory 20% gratuity, despite the back of the menu saying this only applied to parties of 6 or more.While I certainly don't have a problem tipping for good service, I can't can help but feel that I was somewhat misled. Any such requirements should have been stated ahead of time, not been contrary to the menu and should not have been mentioned when we were placing orders.The food quality was slightly above average, however the portions were smaller than what we expected - especially for dinner rates. While the rates were somewhat reasonable, I couldn't help walking away feeling squeezed for money.We won't be returning.
1	I had to come back and update my review because it has not been good on average. We decided after trying a few items that there was really only one thing that we liked a lot. Tonight, we ordered that item for take out, and it was inedible. The meat seemed old and too chewy. The yogurt sauce was super sour- I couldn't tell if it was spoiled. The hummus was still fine. The pita was whatever. Anyway, we ended up throwing most of it away and deciding it is not worth a return visit.
4	I love the Nile! The food is yummy and has a number of selections for vegetarians. The only negative that I can say is that the delivery food is not up to par with the food you get dining in.
4	I've been here now a few times, and I do have to say that the service has always been top-notch, a rarity it seems. It's a nice cozy place with good ambiance and plenty of other-worldly menu options. First off I love ethnic fare, especially if it has some kick, so this type of venue is right up my alley. On a recent visit, I was very pleased with my spicy chicken/rice entree, with generous portions of meat and plenty left over to take home for another meal (gotta love that!). I also like the complementary bread and olive oil for dipping. My companion ordered a lamb dish which he much enjoyed. On a prior visit however, I ordered an item containing ground beef and vegetables wrapped in a puff pastry. It was dry and tasteless and I left very disappointed. I learned to steer clear of similar menu items.Overall, The Nile is an excellent choice for Mediterranean cuisine on the west side. With unique menu choices and prompt, attentive service, this place is hard to beat!
1	Service was pretty bad, they take forever to bring stuff even the Togo boxes. The waiter is very rude. Out of the 6 dishes only 2 were edible, Chicken shawarma was an exception. They brought extra Salad dish when we actually asked for the salad that comes with a $2 fee. The waiter was pushing us, feels like he wanted us out. I will not recommend anyone.
1	Very bad service.  The waiter was in rush n was a bit rude.  the food was also bad. The backlava was the worst ever. Would never ever go back again
4	I went here as a part of the vegan meetup group. Food was excellent. Dinner included one of the best soups I can remember having (some kind of spicy split pea with an incredible depth of flavor) and a zesty, minty salad drizzled in olive oil. Main courses were a) some kind of zucchini in an oily tomato sauce, b) fava bean stew, c) falafel with hummus, and d) some kind of spinach/ phyllo dish. There was also pita served with the meal.  The zucchini had a great flavor, and while oily, it was not a bad "oily." I'm not sure that I would want to eat a whole plate of it but, alongside the rest of the food it had a very fresh, very delicious flavor. The fava beans were by far the best entree, a salty and smoky stew that was very hearty. The spinach pie was definitely an acquired taste--some kind of exotic flavor within the filling that was hard to place and which my girlfriend did not care for--but I ate two helpings. The falafel was amazing, very crisp outside and moist, well-seasoned inside. Maybe as good as Bunky's. We were also served a delicious baklava dessert, although the coffee was sadly a bit burnt. My girlfriend had the tea, however, which she described as excellent. The service was very good--extremely attentive and willing to please, almost excessively so. It has a much nicer atmosphere inside than you would expect from the strip-mall interior. All in all, very good food. Would recommend.
4	Went to this restaurant for a weekend dinner. Finger licking mediterranean food :) I ordered the vegetarian platter with hummus, baba ganoush and falafel along with yellow peas soup. Pita was soft and freshly made. Everything tasted awesome. The service was quick and good. Only thing I didn't like was the flavored water. I think it's some authentic thing but personally didn't like it and no one gave the alternative of plain water. Other than that very good place. Will go again !!
4	Love, love, looove the food here.With a menu full of authentic Mediterranean cuisine, the hardest part will be to decide on what to get.You also can't really go wrong with anything you pick, as each plate offers a varied selection of food (the hummus and grape leaves are amazing) with full, bold tastes. The service wasn't the best, but the food more than made up for that.I highly recommend the kibbee balls and shawirma combination. Expect to have leftovers, because each portion is massive. Most plates also come with some warm, crispy pita bread.For an unique dining experienced filled with interesting flavors, definitely give The Nile a chance.
3	I went here with two dining companions.  One who is your typical knuckle dragging, meat eater Wisconsinite, (let the flaming begin) and one who is on the fence between vegetarianism and eating things that had a face.  Our meat eater had a spicy hamburger dish served atop hummus.  He didn't like it, and he wouldn't ever go back of his own free will.    The fence rider had the same thing I had which was the vegetarian delight, consisting of hummus, stuffed grape leaves, and falafel.  She tried all three but only really ate the falafel and copious amounts of pita bread dipped in oil.  I really enjoyed my plate, apparently I was the odd one out this time around.  But it was a refreshing change from the usual pizza/burger/steak joints found all over the place.  Service was exceptional!
5	One of my favorite restaurants in Madison! Amazing baba ghanoush, delicious yellow pea soup, perfectly cooked chicken and beef... I can't say enough good things about this place. The people are friendly and attentive, and the atmosphere is peaceful.
4	I had never had Mediterranean food before aside from gyros and I was pleasantly surprised. The food was great and the staff was super friendly and attentive.
1	When they closed Husnu's, we began our quest for Mediterranean food in Madison.  Our search continues.  We were not impressed at The Nile.  The only lamb available on the lunch menu is ground with beef.  I was offered lamb but for twice the cost and off the dinner menu.  The hummus was tasteless.  THe waiter was not well informed on what they serve.  We will not return.
5	Stopped in for lunch today and ordered the hummus and gyro.  Both were very good.  The service was fast and very friendly.  I will be back!
4	Ate at The Nile last night. It was Memorial Day and the restaurant was quite empty around 6:30 pm. There were four of us and we sat at a nice sized round table right near the bar. No one was at the bar so it felt quiet and private.My partner and I passed on ordering an appetizer but the other couple we were with had the felafel. They loved the patties which were flavorful and not too heavy or dry. It was a good serving to share.All of our entrees were delicious. The special of the evening was a lamb shank cooked in a tomato sauce served with green beans, The meat fell from the bone and was fairly tasty. I thought the sauce could have been more generously seasoned. One of my companions had a salmon dish which she really loved. She had it with rice and salad. Also served was the spinach pie. Four nice sized squares of golden brown stuffed phyllo dough. The filling was light and delicious. I love to cook but this is not something I would make at home. I plan to order this the next time I return.....That is if I can hold myself back from ordering the Moussaka. I had eaten this lovely dish before at The Nile and I refused to order anything else. The eggplant is so well seasoned, a bit spicy and topped with an ooey-gooey cheese that is held under a flame to create a slight crust. This was also served with rice.We left the restaurant with full tummies and a doggie bag. I just ate my eggplant for lunch and it tasted even better the second time around!
4	I love this place. Excellent vegetarian and vegan options. I'm partial to the spinach pie (which is surprisingly vegan) and vegetarian platter with hummus, falafel and grape leaves (which are the best in Madison in my opinion).The only negative to this'd place is that the service can be very slow at times. I've come at off hours when we're the only ones there and it takes too long to even get our waters.
4	This Mediterranean restaurant was amazing.  Our waiter was extremely helpful and knowledgeable about the food.  We ordered the fattoush salad, which was pretty good.  We thought it was a bit sour, but still enjoyable. With that came pita bread with this amazing dip - olive oil with spices and sesame seeds.  I have no clue what was in that but it was simply divine!  My future mother-in-law wanted Majadra but the menu didn't have it.  When asked, the waiter said that they didn't have this dish because not a lot of people enjoyed the garlic sauce that came with it (who doesn't like garlic?!?!?!!) but he did recommend a dish that was very similar to the Majadra, which she very much enjoyed. She also ordered the Split Pea soup, which she said was delicious. My future father-in-law ordered the Egyptian Canneloni, which was very tasty, a bit too much cheese for me (but I have high cholesterol so I can't enjoy those types of dishes too much), but the taste I had, put atop a piece of pita bread was delicious. The accompanying Lentil soup he ordered was quite enjoyable as well. My fiance ordered the Musakka with Bechamel, which again, amazing.  I ordered the Spinach Pie, my first time, and was impressed with the melody of flavors.  We didn't get dessert because we were satisfying full after the appetizers. THe water is flavored with orange-blossom flowers. A very pleasant surprise.The atmosphere was casual and intimate, which was great.  I would come back to eat here.
2	We went recently and found the food okay. I had kibbeh with the lentil soup and my wife had the beef swadharma. I felt first off walking into the place that we were not a priority. While I enjoyed the soup, the lentils were mushy. I grew up eating middle eastern food from an excellent native cook. Her lentil soup was never mushy. I found the kibbeh to be dry and over cooked, but the tabouli and yogurt sauce was very good. My wife's beef swadharma (sp?) was okay and tasted quite gamey. We are not planning on returning, it was too expensive for food that's just okay.
4	Four stars for the amazing food. The fifth star not given for the price.Ok, so I've been dining here for awhile. I almost always go around lunch time. They're almost always dead. Either my group is the only group or there's only one other. It's sad, because they're really good. More people need to know about this place. I've tried spreading the word, but my friends never seem to be interested in checking it out. I've only gotten a few people to eat here, but when they do they're hooked!I wish I could remember the first sandwich I got here. I keep trying to figure it out, but I never have been able to. It was easily one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. Every other sandwich has been fantastic, so my exploration of the menu hasn't been a bad one.One of my favorite things here is the rose or lavender water, depending on the day. I love it so much. I had to go out and get a bottle of rose water so that I could have it at home.The look of the place is great. I envy the fancy section that seems to be closed off during the day. I would love to be able come back here some time for the belly dancing, but I always end up going to the hookah lounge.
5	This place just knocks it out of the park every visit.  My family always gets the chicken couscous and the kefta kabob.  Both dishes are always fantastic and are accompanied by a generous portion of pita bread as well as a soup of your choice.  We favor the spinach lentil soup.
4	Great food .. quick service .. ordered falafel and grill mix for two .. lots of food .. fresh off the grill .. and hummus comes with it which was a plus .. Will definitely come back here n bring more friends
5	Best falafel I've ever had. Excellent service, the food came out fast, and overall it was an awesome experience. This has now become our favorite spot in town!
4	Very good, period. Visiting from NM and having grown up in Detroit, it's fair for me say I certainly know good middle-eastern food from bad. The pea soup was excellent. The hummus was also very good. I had the center cut lamb chops and a skewer of shrimp, also excellent. My only very small observation was the pita bread. I prefer the smaller freshly naked square pockets verses the heavier style they serve. Not a deal breaker - just what I'm use to from Detroit. I'd go back here in a heartbeat and I sincerely recommend the Nile as well.
4	The dip they gave us at the beginning of the meal to dip our pita in was amazing! We all loved it! The workers were friendly, asked how our meal was! Loved the falafel, which isn't hard because it is my favorite food! Would defiantly suggest this place! My boyfriend loved his lentil soup and Schwartz and my mom throughly enjoyed her lamb!
5	Spread the word about this place because it is DELICIOUS! The staff is always so welcoming and friendly. I highly recommend this place to anyone who enjoys a quiet lunch or dinner. The only thing that I think goes against The Nile is the location. This place should move downtown to increase their customers. Will always come here!
4	Good as fuck mediterranean food, especially the hummus. A bit expensive for what you are getting. Fast service. There is a reason the service is fast: it's a fucking ghost town. I have never seen more than 1/3 of the restaurant filled. I don't know how they manage to stay in business but it's fine by me as long as they keep pumping out the falafels.
