5	Just saw the show at the LVH great show highly reccomend that any one who reds this see this show. The 5 guys cover all kinds of music very interactive with the audience.
5	Saw these guys on billboards around town so I looked them up on YouTube. Im glad I did because after what I saw, I definitely wanted to see them do what they do live so I know its for real and make sure there were no tracks being played in the background. Performing at the Shimmer Cabaret inside the LVH, all these guys need are mics and a little bit of lighting. For those that don't know what these 5 guys do, they sing songs acapella style but with it sounding like there are instruments being played in the background. 1 of the guys are responsible for bass lines that a bass guitar or synthesizer would generate while another simulates a full drum set. The other 3 round it out with lead and supporting vocals along with various sound effects as well.From beginning to end, these guys belt out songs from just about every genre. Songs like "Just The Way You Are" by Bruno Mars and "Bohemian Rhapsody" by Queen are just a couple of the titles that are nicely done.There were even parts of the show that each individual group member had a moment where they showcased their talent. The audience participation is worth mentioning as well. A couple times they came down and mingled with the people while performing. Other times they would ask half the audience to repeat a riff while the other half does another riff.I would not mind watching this show again only because of how amazed I am at how consistently good they are in keeping a rythm and tune in harmony.
5	Extremely impressed! My friend invited me last minute to see a show with him and I was blown away with how much fun I had. I enjoyed it so much that I am taking my other friends to see it. Words can not describe the experience and talent they have. Great mix of songs, it was funny and there is a lot of audience participation. All 5 men are uniquely talented and the harmonies are spot on! They also meet you after the show and ALL 5 were courteous and grateful for us coming, very down to earth people. You have to see and hear it as words would not do them justice. Highly recommend this as a MUST SEE SHOW while in Vegas! I am a local and we get to see a lot of shows but rarely do I need to see it again. I will see it again!
5	Loved hearing Mo5aic at the LVH in Vegas. If you've never seen an a capella show before, prepare to be surprised. Absolutely no instruments - just voice. The guys all have unique vocal talents, and together the harmony is perfect. The audience gets involved, there are a lot of laughs, and you won't want it to end.
5	This show is amazing!!! Totally entertaining from start to finish, and it's fun for all ages. I went with my entire family, and we were blown away by these guys talent! Lots of fun eye candy for the ladies too. GO SEE IT!
5	OMG!!!   These boys are awesome!  I'm a local and see many shows in town, I would put this on top of my list. The boys are unbelievably talented and all their personalities show through! What a great night!
5	Great show! Located at the LVH shimmer cabaret showroom, it provides a very personal environment for Mo5aic to perform. This acapella group is simply amazing!
5	Tony Bennett at our fundraiser saw Mosaic perform and said they were the best musical talent he has ever seen. I've been in Vegas for over 20 years and their show is the best I have ever seen. That is why we chose them to perform with Tony Bennett. Thats why Jay Leno had them perform for him. Ryan Wolfington
5	This show is awesome! Fabulous voices and easy to look at too. Highly recommend their show.
5	The first time I saw this group, I was on a Cruise Ship!    I was intrigued by the type of group they were, singing a cappella with no background music.   Wow, is all I can say!   They are the type of group you would expect to see in a very expensive, large show room.   I was determined to see them in Vegas at the LVH when I returned home.  Last night, I did just that and I was not disappointed.  :)Vegas has all kinds of shows available from the Comedian, ventriloquist, to the girlie shows.   This show STANDS OUT as a real crowd pleaser and good for families as well!    The price is very reasonable and the LVH Shimmer Cabaret is a nice intimate venue to showcase this very talented group!  Their performance is nothing short of spectacular.One thing that really is a nice touch - each of the individuals in the group come out to the front of the show room to take photos and talk with the audience when the performance is over.   Of course, buying their CDs and Videos are available too.I should say that when a group like this gets 5 stars consistently, you should run, not walk to buy tickets!  Cost is very reasonable for a Las Vegas show.   If you love music, you will love MO5AiC!!
5	Saw mo5aic again.  Great sound. Great musical abilities. Wonderfully entertaining. A must see!  Appeals to all musical tastes.  You can catch them on YouTube.  They obviously enjoy their performance. Also obvious is the fact that the entire audience was captivated. Don't miss this group. Appropriate for any age group.  This group merits 5 stars for sure!Kathy from Henderson
5	we saw the show last night at LVH.. the show itself was great but the sound was way too loud for the showroom..
4	If it were socially appropriate to throw my panties on stage, I would have.These guys are super talented, and really attractive too. Totally took me by surprise.Maybe I've been living under a rock, but I had no idea who these guys were. I was expecting something on par with Glee. Well, this is like GQ brought to life, with surround sound. Not even kidding.The show is at LVH's Shimmer Cabaret, a small and intimate theater with a bar in the back- but you won't need to drink to sit through this show. The guys are engaging, the music spans just about every genre, and the audio/lighting is really well done- not a low budget experience at all.Each guy has his own distinct personality, and each one takes time to interact with the crowd individually between group songs- making instrument sounds one minute, then  harmonizing on your favorite pop hits songs the next. Favorites from this setlist include their versions of Hey Jude, an Opera/Thrift Store improv, and their closing mix of several current hits. At the end, the walls separating the theater area from the surrounding casino open up and the guys are able to be heard throughout the lobby area- great advertising!Would go again. A little bummed my BF opted out of attending with me, but now I want to drag him with me for Round 2. Pretty sure he won't appreciate how attractive these guys are, but their musical abilities are top-notch!
5	Great show, worth a trip to see.  Upbeat vibe, hard to believe the sounds and voices.  Good box office and drink service compliment this professional show.  Would recommend to all my visitors.
4	These guys are really good. No instruments, but the sounds are just incredible. It's a short show, 1 hour. But the show topper, Queen, Bohemian Rhapsody, is a knockout rendition. It's a lot cheaper than Strip shows, but well worth it. There weren't many gamblers at the LVH, but the showroom was almost a sell out.
5	When my friends invited my husband and me to be their guests on a comp offer for this show, I have to admit I wasn't expecting to like it. I was expecting a cheesy show with a group like "Here Comes Treble" from the Office, to be exact. That is not at all what this is! One of my favorite Vegas shows is the Boyz2Men show at Mirage, and Mo5aic is easily up there with them.  These 5 guys are so beyond talented, and take something that could very well be what I was expecting and flipped it on it's head. Not only were they contemporary in what they did, their crowd interaction is at a level where you would never believe that this was their first vegas showroom. In short, this show is the real deal and I sincerely hope they have as long and successful a vegas career as they'd like to have.On a final note if you're not already sold on this out, one of the best things about this show is how much fun these guys have and how overjoyed they all seem performing in this tiny showroom. I've been to so many shows in this town that cost an arm and a leg to get into and yet the performers just phone it in. These guys love what they do and obviously strive to give their audience a 5 star experience regardless of what the price of the ticket is. Go check it out. You won't be disappointed.
5	One of the best shows in Vegas.  These 5 men can sing like no band you have ever heard. A small room where everyone is part of the party.what a great time.
5	I had heard this was a good show, then I looked on Yelp with everyone giving it 5 stars, AND then we went...  Oh, yea, 5 stars indeed!  MO5AIC is just amazing.  What I was so impressed with was how the audience was seniors to children and everyone had a great time.  The guys were very interactive with their audience and when they "sang" read the random item, our was the night the lady had the "As your baby grows" magazine and Corwin sang about the 8th month development in utero, OMG was that funny!  The opera number blew us away!  I cannot recommend this show enough and will tell everyone!
5	This is an amazing show! Such talented musicians! With my eyes closed I would never know there were no instruments. Very entertaining! Highly recommend!,
5	Amazing! Amazing! Amazing! Such talent and charisma. I was impressed and will attend another show. I recommend Mo5aic for all ages. Past and present song choices were right on. Everyone was into it!
5	These guys are really talented.  Five men singing a cappella and filling in the voice parts with one or two of the men providing "instrumental" accompaniment.  I was sure in the first couple of songs that they had to have a live or recorded percussion accompaniment, but I was proven wrong.The Shimmer Showroom in the LVH is a small theatre and it lends itself very well to this kind of show.  No one is more than 25 feet or so from the stage.  That's how I found out I was wrong about the percussion track.One of my favorite parts of the show was when four of the five came to the front and did their own solo "instruimental" -- one playing electric guitar, one bass, one harmonica, and one doing trombone.  They were quite talented and this really showcased their talent.I had seen the group when they opened for George Wallace and when they did a number or two at the Ribbon of Life two times.  Seeing their entire show, which lasts just over one hour, gave me a chance to see their talent in full.I highly recommend this show.  The price is right, the room is great, and they are terrific!
5	Truly one of the best shows I've seen!  I rarely take the time to rate as many shows as I should, but this one I just had to!  All 5 guys were amazing & super talented acapella singers, they all have great voices!!  I thoroughly enjoyed every minute!  If I had any complaints, it's that I wished it lasted longer!  I could listen to them sing for hours!  As soon as I have some extra cash, I'll be buying their albums!!!  The show was extremely entertaining... and it doesn't hurt that Josh is super sexy!!  Well Heath is pretty cute too lol... hell all of the guys are good looking, but Josh is my fave!  His voice is phenomenal and he's hot... perfect combo! lolI can't wait to see this show again & will tell everyone I can they need to see it!  Really awesome, entertaining show from start to the amazing finish!  If you like music, this is a must see!
5	What an amazing show. These 5 guys have amazing voices and it was worth seeing. I can't wait to see them again and again.
5	Great Show, their voices and singing was amazing!
5	This band put on a awesome show! Great entertainers.  Would recommend to everyone.  Song, dance and comedy, something for everyone.  I had never heard of them or seen them before.  I enjoyed the show to the fullest!
5	This show was fantastic! It's rare that I have such a great time at a family friendly show. I would definitely come see this again. Truly entertaining!!
5	MO5AIC is absolutely AMAZING!!! I had never seen them before and wasn't sure what to really expect but OMG, I was TOTALLY blown away!!!!! This show is VERY entertaining as it has a mixture of music, singing, comedy and audience participation. The 5 guys in the group are EXTREMELY talented as they use only their voices to create all the instrumental sounds that you hear along with being EXCELLENT vocalists and their harmonies are beyond perfection. They have just a TON of energy, which made me tired just watching them lol All the guys in this group are also EXTREMELY sweet and funny. After the show, they personal meet and talk to the people who came to see them, take pictures and sign autographs. This is definitely a show I WILL being seeing again and I hope SOON!!! I love, love LOVE this show!!! :-)  I HIGHLY recommend this show, so, goooooo SEE IT, you WON'T regret it, I can promise you that much :-)
5	My girls and I went to see mo5aic for a girls night and all I can say is that they were just amazing!!!!!!!!!!!! I've been watching them on YouTube for a few years and I was just so pumped up to see them live.! I can not wait to see what's in store for these guys! I could tell that they truly enjoy what they're doing. I'm still just blown away by all their talent!!! :)
5	Went to see these guys at LVH in Vegas and they were outstanding.  They are without a doubt some of the most talented acts I've ever seen.  I would encourage everyone to go see them while they are still in Vegas. Lets all support them so they continue to provide remarkable entertainment to the masses.  Great Show!!!
5	I saw Mo5aic again this week and LOVED the show as much as the first time I saw them! This is a crowd pleasing, fun and entertaining show for all crowds (even family friendly!) Do not miss them while you are in Vegas!! So. Much. Fun!
5	These 5 dynamic acapella singer/performers deserve there own theater in Vegas!!! Caught the show  at the Shimmer  Room in LVH  3/24 & this 71 year old was blown away along with the rest of the audience comprised of teens thru adults of all ages. Their mix of  rock, pop, R & B combined with their ingratiating individual personalities  made for an unbelievably entertaining family show. You would swear there's a band accompanying them, but as in one of the poster testimonials, you'll be surprised what comes out of their mouths. They are true showmen & deserve every accolade. I sincerely urge you to run don't walk to catch their act !
5	For sheer entertainment by amazingly talented gentlemen , this is the show to see. Every sound you hear comes from them. They produce all the sounds themselves and their voices are great too.  Music ranges from oldies to pop to rap to opera and more.  Would give more than 5 stars if I could
5	My husband and I went to see the show and we're amazed. What a talented group!  Outstanding!!!
5	This was an amazing show.  Not only talented but also great entertainers!  I would predict they will be moving on to bigger and better things soon!  A bargain at any price!
5	Wow.  Simply incredible.  I received an invite out to see this show.  I wasn't sure what to expect since I hadn't heard of them prior to this night.  Each one of the 5 guys that make MO5AIC have been given singing talents that I wish I had.  An a cappella group that was featured on The Sing Off and America's Got Talent, I can see why they can win competitions.  They create perfect harmony so sing a song without any instruments.  It's definitely a show worth seeing!  The evening is also filled with some audience participation that really gets people smiling!  Even a little comedy mixed in made for an all around enjoyable show.  Thank you Roger and Riah for introducing me to this amazing group!  I would absolutely see them again!
5	Really good show. These guys are very talented and deserve their reputation. Show last about 75 minutes and never had a dull moment. They perform a variety of music styles along with some audience participation.We saw this show in the Shimmer theatre at the LVH. Very comfortable but the audience on the night wasn't very large. Show was great value for money (2 for 1) special.
5	I was surprised when  out of nowhere my friend asked me to meet up and catch a show. I have seen a few shows but nothing that really made me go WOW! the shows were good, and I enjoyed it, however It did not motivate me to write a review. BUT this show was just Amazing! I love to see talent on stage and this was more then just talent. All five guys had charisma, great ability to sing to a crowd and keep their attention. They danced with an older woman, and made a kid of about 7 years old sing along and participate. The group made my heart beat and made me tear up a couple times. This show was truthfully one of the greatest and most amazing shows I have ever been to. The songs were very well selected and a good variation of them. This is the first time I see a guy sing opera so beautifully and switch  to "The Lion Sleeps Tonight" so smoothly.  This show is definitely worth watching.
5	great show. well paced, lots of variation of music.
5	Talent, Talent and MORE Talent. People know it when they see it. They can FEEL it and it creates goosebumps on their skin and a tingle in their spine. I think with movies like "Pitch Perfect' and shows like "The Sing Off"  people have found an affinity for vocal-only performances. Strip away the loud instruments, the unnecessary dance moves, and smoke and mirrors, with Mo5aic you just have 4 guys that can flat out sing (1 is a beat boxer, great in his own right). There isn't much to spill about the show except that these dudes really have the voice of GOD in some of these sings... LOL! The songs they choose are infectious and they put a great deal of energy into all of their numbers. My favorite of the entire show is the jazz segment and they delivered "Take 5" in the smoooooothest way possible. My favorite jazz tune and it was perfect. They do an interactive segment at one point during the show and the audience is very much engaged.. in my opinion this is mostly due to appreciation of skill and talent on stage. For the 70 minutes I spent there, I do believe they offer more in their vocals than most million dollar production shows on the strip. It's just raw skills, and you can have any audience in the palm of your hand with raw skills. One of the best shows in town by far.
5	This is seriously one of the best shows in Las Vegas. Very unique and high energy. Left us wanting more. These guys do stuff vocally together what no other show is doing. We loved the intimate venue because every seat was a great seat. And the finale was so cool when they opened the wall at the end of the show and the whole casino floor was watching the last mix of songs. Way too cool!
5	Just saw Mo5aic ( pronounced mosaic) at the Las Vegas Hilton. My husband and I have been coming to Vegas for over 20 years (we're not that old... Early to mid 40's) and have seen a lot of shows. I'm so glad we came to this show! It was so entertaining and fun!!! An AMAZING talented group of guys!! Five stars all the way! A nice change from another cirque du soleil show.
5	These guys are amazing! I had a blast. They sing oldies music mixed with current day music. Very talented.
5	I had a great time at their show last week. Great selections, adult & kid friendly. Would definitely recommend going to see these guys do their thing. A very pleasant musical experience from an extremely talented group.
5	These guys are some of the most talented people around! Right when you think that the show cannot get any better, it does! I had chills the entire time. Definitely worth checking out whether you're visiting or you're a local. Showroom is intimate, the sound engineer does a great job as well! I would go again in a heartbeat! Do not miss this show.
5	These guys were amazing! I left and was mind blown at the musical abilities. They were very interactive with the crowd and the show, in my opinion, coupled as a concert and comedy show. We've seen numerous shows in Vegas and this is BY far the most enjoyable....not to mention it's a at least half the price of most shows here in Vegas. Good for kids as well. If you see this, I can assure you, you will not regret it.
5	Best show Ive seen in Vegas, and Ive seen a lot of shows, and this show is a must see if your visiting Vegas..Very entertaining, and a show you can bring your whole family too,or a date, something for EVERYONE, really awesome,  I can't stress how good this show is, disgustingly good, i wanted it to stop being so good at one point...all jokes aside, their singing touches your SOUL, period.
5	Very talented group of performers. Great stage presence coupled with a perfect music set to show their diverse skills. The LVH theater is just intimate enough to draw you in to the performance and still feel like a quality production. Good to see the performers meet and greet the crowd after the show.
5	One of the best shows in Vegas!  Wow, wow and more wow.  These guys are talented and deserve to be in a BIG showroom in a big venue.Not only are they amazing talents, they know how to perform and reach the audience.  This was one of the best date nights, my husband and I have had.  I plan to go back again and again.Great looking men, with GREAT talent and looked like they are truly enjoying their work.
5	This group was phenomenal.  The talent of these young men totally floored me.  I literally spent the whole night re-living the show.  It is a  "must see."
5	What a fun time we had..the music and singing over the top, I was entertained from beginning to end ..some ofThe most talented singers I've heard in a long time...
5	This show is such a gem! These gentlemen are wildly talented, fun, and engaging. I didn't even know what to expect when we booked our tickets but we were blown away! The theater itself is small, but that lends it to having seats that are all close to the stage. The chairs among the most uncomfortable seating known to man, but I quickly forgot about them when MO5AIC took the stage because I was on the edge of my seat the entire time. MO5AIC, an A Capella group, had the audience engaged, involved, and grinning from ear to ear the entire show. They are funny, down to earth, and you feel like you're a part of their act. Funny enough, the day after the show my husband and I were eating in a deli restaurant in Henderson for lunch, and who walks in? Josh Huslig, the founder of MO5AIC, with what seemed to be his wife and family. We didn't bug him during lunch but thought that was totally cool! I would definitely come see this show again because it was, simply put, one of the most fun shows I've seen here.
5	So glad I finally went! I had seen free tickets for this show on www.showtickets4locals.com and immediately I went on you tube to sneak a peak. My first reaction was definitely a unique group. Boy bands have been phased out but they are completely somethinge new, interesting,  entertaining,  and one of a kind. After a few postings of the tickets, last night I finally went. It was located in the LVH which is a decent casino. Me and my bf usually go there for the sportsbook. Show started at 8:30 we arrived about 8:00, parked by the sportsbook in the lot and walked in through the side hall doors. Box office is conviently located by the front desk. There was no line for tickets, and the woman behind the counter was quick. The casino has many signs pointing you in the right directions. Headed to the showroom across from the table games. This particular showroom actually has rising walls on both sides so it can be an open or closed room or event. As we entered there was no wait and the ushers and host were polite, courteous, quick and sat us front row! The showroom is on the smaller side with a bar and seating around cocktail tables but roomy for each individual, a very large person sat next to me but I was not crammed at all. Plus! Show began promptly on time with a video immediately drawing crowd energy and involvement.  One hour long of beautiful voices, entertainment, crowd participation, beat boxing, and a bit of comedy. Mo5aic is a five man a Capella group. They don't use any instruments or premade sound effects. Every sound, song, beat, rhythm,  and noise you hear is created by the group themselves. Each member had there own shine, and style. Definitely a very diverse, different group that can appeal to all people. Children and adult oriented. Variety of culture and many genres of music. They do songs from a wide range of ages of music and the sound the create is pretty dope!  Extremely unique, and something I'm positive you have never experienced before. Definitely worth going and I will go back as well, my bf also agrees. Though they are all men, like I said they appeal to everyone. Its about the talent, and genuine passion they hold in thier music. This group is a crowd pleaser, well spoken, comical, friendly, and talented. They received a standing novation from the audience I was sitting in and well deserved it. As there final song ended and curtain came down, it reopened  the even offered one extra hit. Good advertisment because as they sang the extra the wall of the showroom also opened which engaged bypassers in the casino. You can meet and great after and purchase their products. Cant wait to go back. Awesomeness. Spread the word!
5	Amazing. Simply ahhhhmazing. Josh, who does bass, blows your socks off. I would go see this every week if I could.
5	I am a local and have watched at least 30 shows on the strip and I would say this show is among my favorite! It consists of 5 guys who can essentailly not only sing but produce the sound of instruments with their voice. They are incredibly talented! They played a wide range of music from Marvin Gay, Queen, Opera, Jazz etc. They have great stage presence and definitely know how to entertain a crowd as well as get the audience involved. When closing up the show they received a standing ovation and rightfully so. I highly recommend and know you will not be disappointed.  I saw a wide range of ages from children to seniors and everyone seemed to enjoy. You will surely get your moneys worth here!
5	I have been visiting Vegas lately, and heard of Mo5aic, but from a local friend. Don't see much advertised on these guys while in Vegas.  So I went with a friend the other night. OMG- these guys are amazing!  Showroom at the Westgate (previously LVH) is small but intimate.  So no bad seat in the house.  But we got to sit up front and center!  This group's harmonies and talent are so above the bar!   I can't believe there is no band.  Just 5 extremely talented guys.  Music was great.  Audience interaction and guys demeanor bring everyone together.  From the ladies who are probably near their age... to those of us old enough to be their aunt's or moms.  LOL. You guys are so talented and your good looks sure don't hurt either.  LOL.  Loved the fact- you can say hello after the show and buy a cd or two and even take a photo with the guys. Okay- this old lady- wasn't brave enough to get a photo - but will next time. I hope your run continues... and I hope to revisit multiple times.  I will definitely tell my friends who not only live in Vegas, but who visit often that they need to come check you guys out!  Thanks for an amazing show.
5	My wife and I saw the show last week and it was amazing. They are billed as an Acapela group but you would never know that from the show. They voice instruments and play along with the singing. They not only sing great but have this easy light hearted banner going on with people in the audience. Great show! We have seen many shows in town and this one is right there with the best of them!
3	Very talented group of young men. They are excellent musicians that work hard at keeping the audience entertained. The theater is small and intimate and you could go to see them twice for the cost of a Cirque ticket. I'll definitely recommend them to my friends that come to visit.
