4	Drove here to find that Two Hippies Breakfast Joint has now become Melrose Kitchen! The decor is fairly different, but the menu and staff is pretty much the same. Glad to see the 6 ingredient custom burrito was still available.
3	We were in the mood for breakfast yesterday and decided to give this new place a shot. Turns out it is wasn't exactly "new" except for a few things. Pretty annoying. You order at the counter and they bring it out to your table. The staff were friendly and attentive.  I would quantify this place as low-end country breakfast. The food was just okay but prices were extremely inexpensive. My 2 egg breakfast was $4 and came with eggs, choice of meat, and toast. I also ordered French Toast for $4 and it was a decent portion. But overall, the food was not that great, just very mediocre. I am sure I would not go back....
3	Was here a couple of weeks ago for Smunch.  Had the country fried steak and it was fork tender.  I asked if I could skip the toast and have some of the gravy on the potatoes too and it was no problem.  The portion turned out perfect for me and it was cheap.  Throughout the meal the servers were attentive with coffee and such.  At a couple of points one of the servers sat down at the upright and played a few lines.  There is a sign encouraging customers to play a tune,  While not a destination restaurant, the price point/serving sizes fit well in this neighborhood.3.4 stars
1	Stopped in for lunch after taking in the 7th Ave Street Fair.  I ordered the Parmesan crusted Swiss cheese burger with fries and my husband had the pastrami.  Yuck.  After waiting over 30 minutes for our order, Parmesan crusted cheese burger came out with no Parmesan crust, American cheese, limp lettuce, tomato, and a pre fab grey cooked frozen burger.  Fries were soft awful.  My husband's pastrami had one measly piece of meat on it.  A few bites into it, we decided it wasn't worth the calories and left. Complaining would have done no good, they were swamped from the street fair and really didn't care.  Bathroom was a dirty mess, too.  Won't be back.
3	I came in on a sick day for french toast. Not too busy, maybe 9am on a Thursday. It used to be 2 Hippies, and I even had their old menu when I got home, but it was still good. Nothing spectacular to write home about, but worth the trek out of the house and into the realworld, all hopped up on cough syrup. French toast was a little dry, and the syrup was obviously just incredibly generic, but it filled a empty place in my stomach and for 5.00 wasn't bad at all. Would go back for sure.
4	Wonderful service, very friendly and attentive, and the food was great too! I know for some of the old Two Hippies fans it may not be exactly the same, but I really like the atmosphere and think the new ownership is doing great things. Go for huevos rancheros!
5	Somehow, I ended up in this stretch of Phoenix as I was searching for another place that i never found. It turned out to be a great mistake because I ended up finding a really great breakfast burrito. It was $6.99, but the best part of this item was the six choices of ingredients that you get and that doesn't include the three eggs and home fries that are automatically included. There were at least 6 meat choices and ten veggies, etc that could be selected. I went with ground beef, onions (green and white) and peppers and monterey jack and sour cream on the side. Red salsa is automatically included. The eggs and beef were well cooked and the burrito was rolled very tightly. Clearly, a top 5 breakfast burrito. All items are available to go, but you can eat outside also.
5	Amazingly cheap prices, very cute interior, excellent service, and very tasty food. I have nothing to complain about!I got the breakfast burrito with three kinds of cheese, ham, bacon, potatoes (they come with and you can get them in the burrito or on the side) and avacado (an extra $0.79 but worth it) (you get 6 ingredients you choose from a huge list!) for just over $6. The tortilla was fresh and tasty and it was loaded. Also got a blueberry slush lemonaid ($3) and it was obviously fresh and very refreshing. Mom got the "special" chicken fried steak with gravy, with eggs, toast and hash browns for about $8. It's not on the menu so definitely check the special board before ordering - it was DELICIOUS. The only complaint she had was that the hash browns weren't quite crispy enough, but that's such a minor thing.Checked in with Yelp and got a coffee for free, but it was only $1 anyway with free refills.They also had a pretty large brunch/lunch menu which I look forward to trying.Will definitely be back. I'm pretty impressed, especially with how little everything costs. That's a huge plus for me these days!
4	Stopped here for breakfast this morning. I was very impressed. The service was prompt and attentive. I had an omelette (you get to choose up to 6! ingredients.) Nice fluffy omelette. Perhaps the best restaurant/diner coffee I have had in recent memory. Nice clean place. I will definitely return.
4	This place was delicious!  I loved the decor and the food was really good!  I had the chicken fried steak for breakfast with hasbrowns and toast.  I really enjoyed it!
4	Went for brunch on a Tuesday, Restaurant was nearly empty, received friendly and fast service (server was the owner), and food was good. The ham, cheese, and tomato omelette was fluffy and fresh, and had good flavor. Hash browns were okay, a little too crispy for my taste, but tasted fresh. And my check was very reasonable - $10 with tip! \The restaurant still has a beach theme (looks as it did when it was Two Hippies) which is cute and restful. If the front lot is full, park around back or on a side street. Given the portion size and price, I would recommend this restaurant for a casual (and cheap) breakfast or brunch. I will be back (especially since the Melrose Kitchen is right down the street from my home)!!
1	I was drawn to this cafe because of the fun exterior and the poster listing it as one of the best vintage cafes according to the New Times. Walked inside and it was cute. Ordered an ice tea and it came without a lemon and the tea was AWFUL. Ordered the basic Melrose Cheeseburger with fries. It came with no condiments. I got a package of mustard when I asked for it. The burger has tough and chewy. Just a cheap frozen burger with plenty of grease. I ate three fries and gave up. Awful food, awful service and not cheap... over $8 for something that was best not eaten. Sad.
4	Great food, fast service, and cheap prices. The french toast is perfect and it's only $3.49. The staff is very friendly--it's a great local spot!
5	Came in for breakfast with my daughter. Great friendly service, good food, affordable prices. We will return again. And they deliver! Fantastic deal!
5	Love this place!  I've been many times for both breakfast and lunch (b-fast is my fav!) and love it every time.  The manager (or maybe owner?) is a super nice guy, very welcoming, kind, helpful.  Back when it was Two Hippies, I asked if they had iced coffee.  Even though they didn't, he made me my own iced version!  Food is delish and I love the location.  The ambiance is fun!
4	Huevos rancheros and bottomless coffee for $8! Service was lightning fast and friendly. Newspaper was current. Ingredients were fresh and delicious. Nothing fancy, but the sauce, beans and eggs were all made fresh in house. Coffee was bland but inoffensive. Great breakfast before a day of shopping the vintage stores along Seventh Avenue.
4	Wondered in here yesterday in search of delicious breakfast fare. Did I find it? I'd say so.I just moved to the Melrose District area and have been eager to try every breakfast place and visit all of the antique shops (but that's another story...). My boyfriend and I came here for brunch. I was immediately taken in by the super kitschy and cute decor and friendly wait staff. I ordered Huevos Rancheros and my boyfriend ordered a 2 egg breakfast with a waffle. We both got coffee. Our food was delivered quite quickly and was super delicious. The Huevos Rancheros had the perfect amount of spiciness and I tried a bite of my boyfriend's waffle-fluffy and light. The food was fresh and tasty. The prices are ridiculously inexpensive and the portions are quite large despite that. I've grown used to paying a pretty penny at Old Town brunch places so this was a nice change of pace. Despite the speediness of service, my only critique was that I couldn't really tell who my server was since we had 3 different people stop by our table...also it took a bit to get a water refill that I had asked for. Overall, this is a great place to grab a quick bite before 7th Avenue shopping adventures. I will definitely be back since I live so close!
4	A perfect, and quirky, little breakfast diner. The eggs and hash browns were perfect.
5	I love this place so much! I live within walking distance and by my third visit, I was already clearly a "regular".  Their breakfast burrito is the BEST breakfast burrito in town, which you can customize to your exact preference.  The ingredients are fresh and the burrito is HUGE -- it's my number one go to "brunch" order when I know I probably won't eat again until very late (and skipped breakfast).It's cute and quaint and 100% local.  My kinda diner.
3	One of the few places that was open on Thanksgiving. The interior is quite colorful & eclectic, I liked that. Pecan waffle, hash browns & orange juice. Food was okay, they were skimpy with the pecans. May return to try something else.
5	Wow, that may have been the best huevos rancheros I ever had. Great service and atmosphere make up for the ghetto location :)Will definitely return
5	I think I found my new favorite breakfast place! Excellent breakfast burrito with great hash browns, cup of coffee that is often refilled and a nice comfortable atmosphere. Friendly prompt service. Plenty of parking. Great little diner.
2	Food is what I'd expect from a diner, but the service is horrid.  Price \value good
4	Walked in on a Friday morning to eat breakfast for 4. Ordered build your own omelette, huevos rancheros, burger, and chicken and waffles. Reviews from the family were quite positive with top marks for the coffee and the fries. Overall pretty decent little spot.
3	I am writing about two different experiences. The first time I ate here was about 5 months ago and it was a dine-in breakfast. It was pretty decent. Friendly service with good coffee and average diner food. The second time I ate here, boyfriend had picked up our order to go. My eggs were still slimey...and I had asked for them scrambled. I had ONE HALF piece of toast (couldn't manage to give me the other half I ordered) that wasn't buttered, and my hash browns were very cold. Nothing was seasoned. Boyfriend had similar issues with the salt and pepper shortage. Essentially, if you want somewhere to sit down and get a decent meal, dine in, not out.
5	Very friendly, warm and cozy... Fabulous food.
5	First time there today and I was so impressed! I found the recommendation on Yelp and decided to try it out this morning after a long night of drinking fun. First, the location isn't that bad. Its next to a cute antique shop in the Melrose shopping center. When you walk in youre free to sit where ever you'd like. Its a pretty small place but very welcoming and kind of awkwardly decorated. The service was excellent and had our food within minutes. We had the breakfast burrito, which is amazing and you choose your own ingredients (up to 6 total). Its definitely taste. While we waited for our food we definitely rocked out to early 90's R&B music, which I thought was cool and totally unexpected. The prices arent bad and the menu has a good variety of food.
1	Disappointing first visit. Yelp sounded great w cool setup. Great setting. Americana etc. but all food was mediocre (hash brown looked like it came scooped out of a can) and all of it was cold.  We came at 10 am yet they clearly left it out on server counter while we waited over 20 mins for our 3 dishes.  Overall maybe this is an exception but wanna be true to a review.
3	Cute mix of homemade and garage sale finds fill the space with stuff to look at.Fun stop in the middle of thrift and antiquing.Food is "good diner" cuisine.We will be back.
2	The experience began with a warm smile from Raven our server. She was prompt at taking our order, though she seemed a little confused (perhaps because it was her third day). After a 25 min. wait one order came out. It was a bacon cheeseburger. The bacon was paper thin and half raw. The fries were well cooked and tasty. The next two orders took another 10 min. to arrive. My wife's garlic burger was sublime. a taste treat sensation! My over-medium eggs were hard boiled. The owner recognized this and offered to replace them. I reluctantly agreed because hypoglycemia was setting in. The new order came out within minutes and sadly. still overHARD! Additionally, I asked for home fries with fresh jalapenos, and got hash blondes with cold pickled peppers.(no i chose not to pick a peck). After the bill came the owner offered to remove the cost of my meal. Upon checking the check, he did not do so and when I told him he apologized and made the adjustment. Nice place ambiance wise and clean but discombobulated. If they don't get their act together, Melrose may not be the place.
5	One of the things I love most about living in Phoenix is how much more alive its becoming. New business, communities coming together and putting money into infrastructure, its simply wonderful. And Melrose Kitchen and its surrounding area is a great example of that. My family and I ate here for breakfast and it was great food at a great price. I got the chicken and eggs and everything was cooked perfectly., The service was extremely nice as well. The owner was working on a new vegetable soup and insisted we try it, just wow! Some times taking your family out some place nice can be costly, but not here, I would defiantly recommend it!
4	Great feel! Great breakfast! Pleasant service! Down home feel! They let me make up my breakfast exactly the way I wanted. Fresh squeezed orange juice!! Sooooo glad we stopped here! Sat outside!
5	Its hard to miss because the location's tucked inside a shopping center, but once we found it i realized that I had to come again. Its a quaint, friendly, personable diner-ish locale. The OJ is delish, and although I'm GF, I get the French Toast EVERYTIME. And the prices!!!
3	For the food and the prices, this place gets FIVE STARS, hands down. KEEP THE COOK!But the wait staff was scatterbrained, inattentive and slow. This was really a shame, because like I said, the food was DELICIOUS! However, we literally had to beg for more water, they were confused by our orders (which were right off the menu) and didn't check on us once.For the VEGANS: They offer an awesome breakfast burrito with tofu scramble. My vegan friend was in heaven, because breakfast is normally not kind to vegans haha.Overall, would come back here again for the food, not the service.
4	Had the huevos rancheros, they were good needed more sauce, but the server was friendly and fast, strong coffee
5	Can't believe I've lived in Central Phoenix for five years and am just now finding Melrose Kitchen. Hubby and I stopped in on a Saturday morning around 10 am, and I was expecting the place to be packed - but thankfully, it wasn't. In fact, aside from the shrieking kids behind us, it was pleasantly calm.The first thing I noticed walking in is the mix of colorful and eclectic decor - it has a real personality, not a cold cafeteria feel. The second thing I noticed was that the eating area was very clean - no dust on the decor, no torn seats, no forgotten crumbs on the tables.We were helped by three different servers throughout the meal, but our primary waitress was very friendly and bubbly. Our coffee arrived quickly, tasted strong and fresh, and was refilled frequently - a must-have element of any respectable diner. I ordered the huevos rancheros and my husband, who is on a strict GF diet, had the homemade corned beef hash. After reading Yelp reviews, I was prepared to wait for the food, and we were in no rush. The food was worth the wait. Our eggs were cooked exactly as we'd ordered them, the beans had a gentle spicy kick, the tortillas weren't soggy, the hash browns were fresh with good texture, and there was just enough cheese to add good flavor without drowning the dish in a pile of oil. The homemade corned beef had a rich and unique flavor that I couldn't quite place - I'm not usually a corned beef freak, but theirs might just convert me. There was a full bottle of tabasco right on the table, which always makes me happy.After we scraped our plates clean, the wait staff was happy to clear the table and keep topping off our coffee. We didn't feel rushed as we enjoyed the atmosphere (and caffeine). Would love more GF-friendly options on the menu, but at $20 for two (pre-tip), I've found my new local diner!
5	This place is so cute. Very quaint and a 50's/60's American feel on the inside. Service is very good and there is always someone there to help you. What did I eat?The famous Huevos RancherosI'm not a foodie but I know good from good and these were amazing! I will be going back.
5	What a wonderful hole in the wall place! It was perfect for my boyfriend and I since I wanted breakfast and he wanted lunch. The omelette was delicious! I'll totally come here again, the decor is super cute!
5	Melrose kitchen is rad. It is no super-mega-fancy breakfast/ brunch spot with mimosa specials or anything like that, it is just a very humble, super affordable, cute as balls, cheeky joint with some great options on the menu. I rather enjoyed the coffee, the service and felt very welcome here. I even had some English buddies that stumbled in here while staying at my house and they had nothing but good things to say about it as well. I give it 5 stars for what it is. If I was looking at it from a pretentious point of view, maybe I would have a different opinion. Keep 'er up!
2	People were nice but our food was not so great. Coffee was lukewarm and not good either. From all the positive reviews I was disappointed. Maybe we just hit it on an off day. Will have to try again as it's only a couple blocks away and would love to love it.
4	I love the Melrose neighborhood and this place fits right in. The Kiwi lemonade is fantastic.
2	My partner and I have come here a few times. We live nearby and enjoy the neighborhood. We love the atmosphere of the restaurant. It has a very unique and local feel. Our food was okay and the prices were not bad. Unfortunately the service was pretty poor and disorganized. It took our waiter about 20 minutes bring us water. During the meal multiple times he forgot things we asked of him. Overall, we probably won't return.
2	Cute place in a good little neighborhood however this was not my favorite breakfast spot . My husband and I stopped by to order omelette and traditional French toast. I was very excited to eat there since I had heard lots of hype about the place. When we got our food I was highly disappointed by the cold potatoes that were given to me. Also, the omelette was meh... Considering all the yummy breakfast options on Melrose, this place is not my first choice.
4	We stopped for breakfast around 8:30 a.m. on a Saturday.  There was one other party in the restaurant.  We were greeted politely and seated immediately.  Our server quickly took our drink ordered, and offered to take our food order if we were ready.I ordered the biscuits and gravy meal, which comes with a buttermilk biscuit cut in half with gravy over top, two eggs cooked to order, hashbrowns and sausage.  The eggs were cooked just as ordered.  It was $6.99.My boyfriend had the two eggs cooked to order meal, which comes with two eggs, hashbrowns and a piece of toast.  It is $4.69, $7.19 if you add meat.  He substituted the regular toast for gluten free bread, which came at a small additional cost, but was a good gluten free bread.We enjoyed the food and thought the prices were really reasonable.  We would like more gluten free breakfast meat options.
3	We tried it for breakfast yesterday because Joe's Diner was packed. I got the chicken fried steak and eggs and C got ham and eggs.  We both got a side of biscuits and gravy and coffee. Everything was wonderful except for the biscuits. They were hard as rocks. And I'd like to see some sausage in the gravy. But all in all, I'd go back again.
3	My partner and I go here about twice a month for breakfast.  While the service isn't always great we do love the breakfast.  The pancakes are fantastic, heuvos rancheros just enough spice to keep them honest and the omelettes are great!  We suggest sitting outside, it's quite and we love that.
4	Great little spot for a bite. French fries just like I like them, extra crispy on the outside and soft and creamy on the inside.Had a great lunch, split a hamburger and tuna melt with my wife. Added a shake to complete the meal .Great service and a cozy place to relax while feeding.
1	Shabby restaurant, basic food, and poor service. A group of a friends and I came here after being turned off of two very popular breakfast joints in town because of the hour long wait. We decided to head back to central Phoenix where we live and give this old shack a try. The Melrose Kitchen looks like it was furnished by one of the many surrounding "antique" stores. The tables and chairs are cramped and uncomfortable. The menu is uninspired and built around what is easy to prepare rather than the quality expertise of the chefs and owners. I tried a few bites from everyone's entree and was disappointed all around. The french fries were over cooked and very greasy. When someone asked for the mayo on their sandwich to be put on the side the server some how thought my friend wanted a double serving of mayo on the sandwich. The biscuits  from the biscuits and gravy were more like dried bread made from pancake batter. The omelets do have a wide variety of ingredients to choose from, however, the eggs were very over cooked and made the dish very over cooked and unenjoyable. The service was very awkward. Often the servers did not understand what we were saying or what we were trying to order. There were several little annoyances that occurred throughout the meal but the worst was how they brought out our 5 meals. Each dish came out one at a time. This always is a little annoying but Melrose Kitchen made it so much worse. There was a good 7 minutes between when the first dish was brought out from when the last guest got their food.I will not be coming back.
3	My wife and I love to try new places and hope we love it so i can give a good review. There are usually way too many negative reviews because only disappointed people are the ones writing. Sorry to say my review is not a glowing one.Melrose Kitchen seems very average to me. It gets three stars for good service, fun decor and really good prices. My eggs benedict was good, but nothing super special. Biscuits and gravy were floury and not good. The biscuits were nothing special. I suppose it is not fair to judge a restaurant from one visit..but when it comes to biscuits and gravy, you can in deed judge a breakfast place on that. Unless it was just a bad day with the cook..I suggest changing the gravy recipe. I will try it again though. Probably lunch. If all goes well I hope to be able to give a better review.
4	Stopped here for breakfast this morning. I was very impressed. The service was prompt and attentive. I had an omelette (you get to choose up to 6! ingredients.) Nice fluffy omelette. Perhaps the best restaurant/diner coffee I have had in recent memory. Nice clean place. I will definitely return.Today I returned. Just as good as before. A great neighborhood place. Comfortable, casual, great food. Come here if you are not in a hurry but just want a nice place to sit and relax while enjoying wonderful cuisine. Breakfast is my favorite.
4	maybe i should have gave 3 star, but the gravy was really good. too bad it was so sparse as in not much on my Chicken fried steak  or the wife 1/2 order of biscuits and not enough gravy , the hash browns are over cooked my sourdough toast was not toasted was warm though so someone tried to toast it  and the eggs over medium was perfect  (the restaurant was clean the staff nice /clean, teeth brushed, hair combed, smelling good. left a 2.50 tip for a 20. take out order too cheep?
3	I really wanted to like this place -- like, really. But it was only OK. The service was good, but the food was only so-so. The taste was a bit bland, and didn't seem as if they were using quality ingredients. I did like the decor and atmosphere, but it wouldn't hurt to pay attention to the room temperature: it was hot. I like sitting in a booth, but 'sticking' to the booth because of the sweat? Not so much... Still, I may try it again -- I don't like chain restaurants and any mom-and-pop place like this deserves a second chance. And hey, if you eat here and like it, don't forget to add the Yelp review, it's no fun to only hear from the unhappy haters...
2	I love trying new places and I've been wanting to try this place for a while but for some reason I wasn't too interested once I parked. "Eh, what the heck!," I said, so I gave it a try. I walked in and was told I could have a seat anywhere. It was pretty empty and thought it was busy, from what parking looked outside. Only 2 groups were inside. I took my seat of choice. It didn't take long for me to order and I thought my breakfast was going to be hot, once I receive it. Truth be told, I'm not one to be negatively critical on the places I go eat nor am I picky. I got my huevos rancheros and looked yummy. It came with 2 lightly fried tortillas, 2 eggs topped with salsa, refried beans, and hash browns. Unfortunately, my plate was cold. The beans, tortillas, and hash browns were cold, which made me not enjoy my breakfast comfortably. Although it did have great flavor, it was just cold. The owner was nice, though. I may give it another try for something different.
1	If I could give zero stars I would. The absolute worst service. It took 30 minutes just to get water and menus. Then another hour to get food. Will never be going back here.
1	Let me start off by saying it's my first time here. When I walked in the restaurant was half full an the tables the where empty where cleared off but where not washed. The service sucks my waitress did it know any of the menu, she did not look like she wanted to be here. She did not keep up on my drink I had to ask numerous times to fill it. I had the corned beef hash it says "home made" it was nothing to write home about. I also had a side of biscuit & gravy, that also I did to like the gravy was "grainy" line it came out of a package, the biscuit tasted like it was under cooked. So all in all I did not enjoy my food and I will not be coming back any time soon. If I could have given this place a half star rating that what it would have gotten
4	Melrose kitchen is quaint and quirky like the best little diners are! The service was great and the food was even better! This little gem hiding in the Melrose District is the place to be for a great cafe breakfast!
1	Service is non-existent. We had to get up twice to first get someone to take our drink order sheet waiting for 15 mins we then waited another 15 to be able to get someone's attention to bring our drinks that we ordered. Our food came before our drinks and when our drinks came they didn't even get the order right. It was 3 waters and 2 coffees, very difficult. I think the cook got the sugar and salt mixed up because the hashbrowns were very sweet and you only get about two bites of hashbrowns anyways. Coffee tastes old.  Omelets are decent but nothing to rave about.After being served our food no one has come back to our table to check on us. Maybe just don't sit at table #5. Other tables seem to be getting better service. Since I've had so much time to kill waiting for service,  I've seen several tables send back food from incorrect orders. We were excited to try a new place for breakfast,  but we won't be coming back here or recommending this place to anyone.
4	Good quick breakfast or lunch in the "hood".  Dog patio friendly.  Attentive staff. I would love to give five stars, but for two issues: hash browns are not served "hot off the grill" but lukewarm out of the steam table, and the tired seating causes some discomfort while enjoying an otherwise great breakfast.  Plus, (and is this only me?) the owners think their customers deserve only the cheapest flatware (forks so thin the tines don't align) with sharp, unpolished edges.
3	Good French toast, sausage wasn't that great though. Very friendly staff, and I liked the decoration.
