5	This brand-new luxury spa is absolutely AMAZING and will impress even the most discerning spa-nista. You'll love the vibe. It has a heavy -- but not kitschy -- Morroccan lean to it, from the decor to the treatments.The treatments are great as well. My organic full-body scrub was awesome -- a 90-minute scrub and massage in one!Of course, service was top-notch. And the facilities were just amazing...beautiful, ambient and well-equipped. They've thoughfully created several separate areas to serve all of your spa day needs:  - State-of-the art gym overlooking Camelback Mountain, where you can also take free classes such as mat pilates or belly dancing. Yes, it really is state-of-the-art, with individual LCD screens on each cardio machine, tons of medicine balls, cords, etc., weights and weight machines. - Cozy lounge area where you can grab a beverage, socialize and watch TV- Quiet relaxation area where you can curl up in a chair or on a daybed and take a nap, read a book or meditate- Well-appointed lockers, restrooms and showers with everything from robes to mouthwash to razors...and their incredible signature bath products (the mint shampoo is TO DIE FOR). Travel lightly -- you won't need to bring any of your own stuff. - AMAZING steam room, sauna, hot tub, "cold deluge" (where you can refresh yourself under cold water), and hammam (Morroccan cleansing ritual) area, where you can unwind. It was as beautiful as it was functional. You can also get a spa suite for the day if you want a private space to get pampered with your significant other or a group of friends. And there's a juice bar and cafe where you can refuel, too. Stay at the resort if you can...it's incredible and i'll really round out your experience. But, by itself, the spa is unforgettable and well worth the money. There's really nothing else like it!
5	I actually went to the Joya Salon, which is attached to the Spa.  So I think this counts?  Excellent Manicure, Martinis served off the salon in a cute litte private patio (bonus!).  Had shampoo, Blow-Out & Style - Totally Awsome.  I will be back.  Great experience, GR8 ambiance,  Good treatment.  Walking the grounds after was really fabby, and so was the louge bar happy hour afterwards.  Very serene outside seating.   Ahhhhhh :-)
5	This spa is AMAZING, I highly recommend spending the entire day.  You can use the gym, the pool and all of the other amenities...great way to spend the day with your girls or spouse!
4	I came in to the Joya Salon and made an appointment for a Polish Change since the manicure I had gotten the day before did not last and my polish was already coming off. Rebbecca (Becky) was my Nail Technician, she was really nice, offered me Ice Tea which was Delicious Hibiscus Raspberry (China Mist). The Salon was very nice and relaxing. Once I decided on a color she took care of my nails, did an excellent job and they are still looking pretty after 3 days. The spa/salon offers a 15% discount on all services to local residences. Upon checkout I realized I was charged for a Petite Manicure, no wonder I got a little massage and the whole works. My service was excellent, however, when I made the appointment for a polish change I feel I should have been told "we do not offer only polish change, however we do a petite manicure...." Like I said I had a manicure the day before I didn't need another one I just wanted my nails painted and that would have been nice to know. I enjoyed my visit though and can't wait to return to try some other services.
3	I went to the Joya Spa for my annual birthday spa treatment. The grounds of the resort were wonderful. I went to check in for my service and the front desk girl left to attend to something. Another girl came in to help me and two other Ladies check in. My appointment was wrong. The time was wrong and I had two other appointments on my day that I had not ordered. She was trying to fix my day but I had to wait 3 hours to get my service now. While she was fixing this problem, she made the other guests wait for me while she was fixing my day, I felt so bad for them. Their appointments were in 20mins. Not very friendly customer service by the front desk. The decor was beautiful. I went up stairs and parts of the spa were closed due to a photo shoot going on. That was not great, I would have liked to known this. As I am walking around the locker room in my robe, I could hear a man talking ( the photographer) which was weird. It took 35mins to get a smoothie out by the pool, that was annoying. The massage was the joyambrosia 90min, it was awesome. Veronica was the lead massage therapist, she was wonderful. I went to checkout, and the Front desk girls again with bad customer service, (now new ones) There was one girl in front of me checking out, and a large group of girls walked in behind me. The other front desk girl helped them before me, even though I was before them waiting. I am a spa director at another spa in the valley, was was not impressed with the front desk service. I went back to my spa and relayed the message to my staff not to ever treat people the way I was treated.
5	Is this what Heaven is like? My husband is really into spas, and I am often unwillingly dragged to them, but because of that I have experienced a  fair share of 5 star spas. Not being infatuated by spas, I can tell you that if I lived in Phoenix, I'd be *ADDICTED* to Joya.  This place is beautiful and I just feel like no amount of descriptive writing is going to do it justice. If you are staying at the Montelucia, you have to check it out (you don't have to get a treatment to visit and use the facilities) and if you live in the area, take advantage of the special offers and book an appointment. It's totally worth it!I experienced the 50 minute Thai massage. Angela was my therapist. She is really sweet and did a decent job. At times it was a bit painful because I am no longer that flexible, but I think by the time she had massaged my head, I had fallen asleep. I have never had such a wonderful head massage. I'd rate the total massage with 4 stars.
5	After having HORRIBLE experiences with several haircolorist in Scottsdale - and having to return to LA, CA to have it corrected several times - I got lucky and found Ray Issa at the Joya Spa at the Montelucia Resort.  He nailed my hair color and didn't charge me an arm and a leg!  He is also super sweet!  So excited to have found him!
5	Like another reviewer so pointedly stated...."Is this what Heaven is like"? I second that emotion. I've experienced my fare share of 5-star spas all over the world. But the overall attention to detail in every way blew me away! Upon check in, I was given the typical tour of the facilities. But this is not just any tour. Its also an interactive experience. Like telling about a movie, I won't spoil the surprise. But I was quite impressed. The decor included mostly Moroccan influences and there are 2 spa service waiting areas. One services is your typical room with teas, water, light snacks and magazines. The Moroccan theme boasts ceilings that are textured with silks and fabrics. The red velvet, textured couches complete the theme. The second waiting area is the "whisper room'. This extremely low lit room has chair seating and a string of firm 4-post beds to relax before, between or after your services. The white sheers on the beds can be pulled closed for more privacy. There are no distractions. No TV. No chatter. You are just left with yourself and your thoughts. I had a facial and a deep tissue massage. Like spas, massage therapists are hit/miss at times. Especially when it comes to something as special as sports massage. I was so lucky to experience the services of Jean-Baptiste. Who within the first 2 minutes of my therapy, I tell it was going to be a great 50 minutes!! Right away I recognized his technique as something special. He later told me that he trained in Nice, France and incorporated sports medicine techniques into my massage. Let me warn you....if you are not used to deep tissue/sports massages, don't let him be your first. He's highly advanced and will wake up body parts you didn't know you had! Instead, use him for therapy that's a little more mild. With that said, he quickly advanced to the top 3 of my best massages ever! My facial was done by Mandy Visser. She too was very good and I looked 5 years younger once she was done with me. What woman can complain about that? Overall, there's no way I can name all of the small details that make this spa so special. From amazing views at the spa pool to the artistic glass/ceramic tile on the wall in the bathroom stall, Joya spa is a little slice of heaven on earth! Enjoy!
5	I have never felt better int life then after a day at this spa. No more little old Chinese ladies will be touching this body again.
5	I've had the luxury of visiting Joya Spa on several occasions.  Every visit, I am blown away by how incredible it is to spend time there.  I went once before my wedding for a solo spa day and had a massage and a facial; another time, I went with a friend and kept her company while she had a pedicure; I took a yoga class and used the fitness room during my wedding weekend, and most recently, I used a gift card that I was given for the holidays and my mom joined me for the experience... she had a facial and I had a massage.While all of the services I've received have been top notch, it's also the ambiance, decor, customer service, amenities, spiritual details, etc... that make this an incredible destination.  The scents used in the spa, massage oil, lotions, and potions are created specifically by the Montelucia's alchemist... every details is covered at the Joya Spa.  I also love the special chocolate that is given to you after your services, the beds in the whisper room, the snacks in the waiting room, and the fortune / quote that is given to you as well.  Most recently, my quote read "The little things? The little moments? They aren't little." (Jon Kabat-Zinn) - So true. I highly recommend an escape to the Joya Spa to anyone and everyone; and when you call to make your appointment, be sure to ask about specials - there is always something special going on at Joya Spa!
4	Three stars to for the massage I got.Five Stars for the facial I got.Joya had a special on certain days of the week where you could go in from 3-7PM and get a massage for half price.  I got a massage during this time and I left severely disappointed.  First, off my masseuse was ten minutes late (and I ended up with a 40 instead of 50 minute massage).  Second, I was dying for a massage focusing on my upper back.  She ended up doing everything else but barely touched my upper back.  She also appeared like she did not want to be there or that I was causing her problems.  I don't know if they do half assed jobs for half priced service but there is no way I would get a massage here again.I actually thought about canceling my facial the next day but was in dire need of one.  Luckily, the facial was excellent.  My esthetician (I think her name was Paula) did a wonderful job and went the extra mile to make sure that I got the most out of my service.  When it came to the extraction part, she was phenomenal.  With my permission, she just extracted those puppies and follow up with a high frequency treatment.   Paula also did a great job showing me the amenities and asked me if I wanted a nap and was genuinely interested in making sure that I knew of all the amenities the spa had to offer.I will say that the beginning of the spa experience can be hit or miss depending on your personality.  They had these rituals where you pick a stone, leave an intention, and touch a huge piece of quartz..  Some find it relaxing  I thought it was corny and was actually caught laughing during the process.Prices here are a little on the high end and when comparing to other spas in the country, I thought some stuff was overpriced.  But hands down my facial is one of the top two I've ever received (second only to Canyon Ranch in Vegas).
5	experience the largest spa in North America.  Joya is truely one of a kind. Ask about the Terrace where you can have lunch.
4	Best spa experience I've ever had, without a doubt.  I've been to a dozen spas out here, but I've never seen any reason to write about any one of them. First off - best massage of my life. I've recently started training for a marathon, so the stretching included with the Signature massage was absolutely perfect. Not so much that I felt like I was exercising (that would defeat my purpose), but just enough to make my sore muscles melt. The facilities at the Montelucia are amazing. I really love the Moroccan theme - unique and vibrant, yet as serene as it should be. Everything is clean and new and it smells delicious.  I LOVE the idea of the "whisper room" - a dimly lit space with loung-y beds, especially after a couple of pitchers of sangria out by the pool. I see Camelback Mountain everyday, yet the view from the terrace was breathtaking. My friend and I lounged outside for hours eating and sipping cocktails by the 85-degree heated pool. The only drawback is that it ain't cheap, even with the "local" discount. Even though my spa day cost me more than the monthly payment on my BMW, I can't wait to go back. Perhaps after I find a second job.
4	So, I love my stylist but she didn't offer the trendy Brazilian Blowout.  I am rarely trendy but straight hair lacking frizz tempted me like the devil!  After researching the price throughout the area, I made an appointment.  Rina was so pleasant and so far I am very pleased with the service.  I will definitely return when I need a hair affair.
5	I have done a weekend here with my mom which was unbelievable! I also get my hair done by Ray he is the most amazing with cuts and colors. I have never left unhappy. What makes it even more fun is that they are dog friendly so I can bring my pup with me to the appointment!
4	Amazing! Without question, the best hotel spa - scratch that, spa - I've ever visited!I had a vineyard facial (a summer special) and it was WONDERFUL! The facilities here are amazing - rooftop pool, fitness center, relaxation room, sauna - the list goes on!The only negatives - I also had a pedicure and manicure, both of which were disappointing and extremely, extremely overpriced for what I got - the manicure/pedicure I get from the mall are just as good and half the price. Stick with the facials, massages, etc. and you'll love Joya!
5	I just returned from an amazing day at Joya Spa. I had a massage by Jean-Baptiste. What someone said about him earlier is correct. He was really professional but also friendly and good about making you feel relaxed. Definitely the best massage I've had. My facial from Tamara was... oh my god. My skin has never looked so good. I usually schedule facials when I don't have much going on because I usually get a lot residual redness from extractions and exfoliation but my skin looked amazing and still does. She was so nice and explained everything really well but wasn't pushy at all. I ended up purchasing the mineral powder that she used during my facial. Another plus is that they use the clarisonic brush which I've been dying to try. I loved the results and I'm going to look into getting one.The Scottsdale Princess Willow Stream use to be my go to Spa Day spa but I'm going to have to start going to Joya. I agree with a previous reviewer that the 'intentions' and 'touching of the quartz' is really kitschy and I wish they would ask if you were interested. I definitely wasn't. Other than that, top notch service, BEAUTIFUL decor and atmosphere and well worth the price in my opinion.
2	Mani-Pedi day at the spa for mommy and daughter this past sunday.  upon scheduling i specifically asked if we could dine at the spas bistro on the terrace....the nice young lady assured me that would be fine.  I also specifically asked for two specific services on their menus and was told that would be no problem what-so-ever. When we got there were greeted in a chilly manner. The services were set up wrong with the wrong products. The two ladies delivered the services like robots. The decor in the salon is dark and not that pretty considering this is a multi million dollar facility.  As we were making our way to the terrace we were told, again in a chilly manner that we were not able to use the terrace bistro....in not so many words " the 200.00 you just spent on your nails and toes doesn't count"  Lastly, It is 2 days later and all my polish has chipped.  Not what I expected...not one bit.
5	"Heaven - I'm in Heaven.." You know that tune? Fits perfectly with your experience here.Did a couples massage - THE BEST - and I've had (Ah~Hem) quite a few all over. The Ambiance, the setting, the treatement, the room, the amenities - off the charts!  This resort provides the best before & after options of ANY place I've ever had: from the private pool deck, co-ed whisper quiet lounge, {complete with beds surrounded with gauze & dozens of candle}s, to usage of the full fitness facilities and main pool & hot tub,3rd adult pool,  steam room & jacuzzi - I think i may be missing several other niches - like walking the pathways, riding the resort bikes through the grounds, OH!  and they offer amazing free child care, chalk-full of activities! so make sure you make a day of it - or at the minimum half day to totally R-E-L-A-X and take it all in.  BREATHE :-)
5	**** OUTSTANDING **** Whenever I need to "get a away" but don't have the time to actually pack up and travel, I book a massage and spend the afternoon at Joya. The Joya spa is immense, but not intimidating... the decor is Moorish luxury at its finest,. Although many spas have attempted a "theme" none have applied it as well as Joya. The environment is soothing and authentic without being overbearing or tacky. I suggest to arrive an hour and a half early, to relax, swim, enjoy some beverages at the private spa pool on the 2nd floor ( breath taking views of Camelback mountain ) and enjoy the facilities. Relax in the spacious facilities... including steam room and hot tub then follow with a cold "deluge" shower. Imagine 5 gallons of chilling water released all at once... amazing!!.....it "shocks" your body back into reality. Then hang out in the lounge area, watch some TV, enjoy some fruits, tea or water and wait for your treatment. Although the entire staff at the spa is fantastic, for me, the shining star of the massage staff is Jean Baptiste. His technique is brilliant! I always feel GREAT after his massages, which I cannot say about past massages at other spas here in the valley. I find his massages to be intense, yet relaxing, he pinpoints and addresses stress areas in seconds... its like having a Physical Therapist, Sports Medicine and Masseur all at once. OUTSTANDING! Inquire about their current Spa Happy Hour, a massage for about $115.00 including tip...and if you plan it right, you can be rested and out the door by 5:30P to walk over to the MBAR for their happy hour! Imagine...two Happy Hours in one day.. a quarter of the way to having a Lindsy Lohan lifestyle!
4	As part of Spa Week I was able to take advantage of a 50 min massage and 50 min facial for $158 (including tip) at the Joya Spa. While I had enjoyed the pool and restaurant previously this summer I had yet to try any of their spa services. This was my first professional massage and facial and I must say that I was very pleased. First off, the spa is beautiful and from the moment you step in you'll feel the stress and worry of your day disappear. I loved the decor, Moroccan theme, and all of the staff. While the prices are high (I can't say I'd pay normal pricing unless it was a special occasion - - or treat from my husband lol) any money you spend will be worth it. Milana performed my facial and it was very relaxing. She explained everything she was doing as well as made recommendations on how I should be caring for my skin @ home. For the most part I thought it was a treat for my skin, but aside from feeling like I was fresh faced (which was nice) I don't think I'll be adding this to my monthly list of things to do. Maybe once or twice a year, but that's about it.When it was time for my massage I was greeted by Mome and led to my room. This was my first massage so she explained the protocol to me and we got started! I had the option of selecting the music I wanted to listen to while having the treatment done and sooner than later I was drifting into la la land. Boy oh boy... that massage was amazing! Well, until I realized that the massage therapists come w/in inches of your goods lol... which wasn't a big deal (just a surprise) and made me glad that I chose to leave my undies on. The massage is definitely something I could see adding into my life on a consistent basis. Mome was great making sure to pay special attention to every area.
4	My husband and I decided to visit the Joya Spa for Spa Week this year, and are we ever glad we did.  This place is an absolute dream!  Unfortunately, we were running late for our appointment, due to unforeseen construction on the roads, and I was STRESSED. However, whatever stress I had bottled up inside of me instantly disappeared once we stepped inside the Joya. The staff was extremely accommodating, and explained they just learned about the traffic delay earlier that morning, and all appointment times would be honored for the full length of the service.  Normally, spas will deduct time off your treatment to keep on schedule if you're late, so I was very happy to hear this.  Five minutes after checking in, I whipped my clothes off, threw them (literally) into a locker, and dashed out to my couples massage. We were in a large suite off the terrace, and were immediately set at ease wtih a spritz of their signature scent at the spa to invigorate our senses.  Our massage therapists were wonderful.  They were extremely attentive, and sensitive to the pressure they were applying. By the time it was over, my husband had to pry me off the table because I didn't want to move.  I was officially jello.  This was by far, one of the best massages I've had in a long time.  Upon leaving the treatment room, we were greeted with glasses of champagne to wish us a happy anniversary.  I had casually mentioned this to the designer on the phone when I booked the appointments, so I was extremely impressed with their attention to detail.  They led us to the co-ed lounge, which looked more like a Moroccan hideaway.  The lounge was incredibly relaxing that it almost put me to sleep, which wouldn't have been a bad thing considering the state I was in. After having a little alone time to bask in our new centered states, we decided to hang pool side.  "Wow" is all I can say!  You walk out to this picturesque view of the mountain--truly a divine oasis.  My one qualm with the pool area, was its size.  There were definitely not enough seats for the amount of clientele they had on site that day, and you could tell people were getting frustrated.  Also, we ordered some spa fare poolside, and for two salads, a forty dollar bill was a bit much.  But, hey, we're at a resort in Paradise Valley, so what did we expect?!?We finished off our day with a quick workout, dunk in the whirlpool, and sweating out the toxins in the steam room and sauna.  I even tried the cold deluge, which is basically is a cold shower.  Even after the steam rooms, its still freezing, but helps bring your body temperature down pretty quickly.Overall, my experience was magnificent. The staff was very pleasant, helpful, and prompt.  There was always an abundance of fresh towels, all rooms, showers, and lockers were turned over and cleaned quickly, and water/ice tea and fruit spreads were always stocked and fresh.  My husband and I couldn't have asked for a better experience. We will DEFINITELY be returning!
5	Phoenix and Scottsdale have a number of great spas, but Joya is incredible!  I tried it for the first time with a friend this past summer during Spa Week, and can't wait to go back!  I'd call myself a frequent spa visitor, and I was really impressed with Joya's staff and facilities.  First of all, the spa is huge.  I didn't care much for the initial tour because I'm not into wishing on a stone and that kinda stuff, but I'm pretty sure you can decline it.  It was nice to know the other things she pointed out -- the door to the pool area, lockers, quiet room, etc.  I got both a massage and a facial, and was really pleased with both.  My friend got a massage, and she loved her treatment too.  We both made use of the luxurious quiet room that has comfy beds, and enjoyed a nice outdoor lunch on the patio.Don't forget your swimsuit!  There's a great little pool we missed out on because I didn't pack a suit, but you can swim enjoy a great view of Camelback mountain while you're there.  I've heard they have "happy hour specials" midweek which is great to explore for a tighter budget.  Definitely check out their list of services online because this spa is at a higher price point, but definitely worth it!
3	This would have been a five star review if I based on my spa services alone. I have been to Joya two times over the past year, it is a beautiful property and the services at the spa are absolutely heavenly. The staff in the spa was delightful and I highly recommend the services there. Extremely relaxing. The business side of Joya is not so heavenly. The first time I went I had a billing error - took me 4 weeks to get it corrected after I had been told several times that it was fixed. I had to call them every week to fix the problem, no one ever contacted me to see if everything was okay. Very time consuming and no-one even thought to ask me if they had resolved the issue to my satisfaction. I gave them another shot, the services and facility were so beautiful. So a group of my friends and I booked several treatments and we had 8 people attending the spa for the day to finish up and head to dinner. We were so many, that a couple of us had the last appointments for the day and they closed at 8pm. Our services ended at 8pm and the attendant in the dressing room didn't want to let us shower and get ready to go out to dinner because they were closing. Hmmmm - maybe they could give people an extra 15-30 minutes after the last appointments to get dressed.
4	Facials are outstanding.  The Joya Terrace pool lovely between services.'
4	I had not visited the spa portion until this past weekend.  For a special occasion like someone visiting or a "day date", I would recommend this spa.  It is beautiful and the facilities are fantastic.  My massage was about a 7 out of 10.  My experience cost $160 with tip for 50 minutes.  If I just want a great massage I will continue to use Hand and Stone on Cactus for a third of the price.
5	I just have to rant and rave about this spa! I have been to many resorts such as the Camelback Inn, Sanctuary, but Joya Spa at the Montelucia takes the cake.  First off their staff is very welcoming and accommodating.  The minute you walk into the spa, you can feel the tranquility.  The architecture is absolutely beautiful.  One of their rooms has a few white beds with canopies, with candle light, where you can relax or read after your massage.  The massage in itself, is enough.  I don't know if I just got extremely lucky with my masseuse, but he listened to me and found the perfect pressure that suited me.   They also provide a gorgeous terrace that looks over the rest of the resort and has a beautiful view of the mountains, where you can lay out, eat, and have a refreshing "beverage" to complete your experience! I believe spa packages are the best gifts and this is the only resort I buy from now!
5	Did you know that the Joya Spa has great Mind/body classes yoga and Pilates midday.  The room has the most spectacular views of Camelback Mountian.  If you are local they sell a memebership and if you are visiting from ANYWHERE the spa and classes are world class and worth checking out!
2	Spa day with the girls. Treatments were shorter than advertised and underwhelming.  It is a beautiful facility, but unfortunately will not return.
5	Most beautiful, relaxing spa I have been to in Scottsdale. Book a service late in the day and spend the whole day there using all of the amenities. Get to the (terrace) pool early on Mondays to get a chair.
5	This spa was amazing. It was busy the day I was there because it was monday and they have a spa "happy hour" all day on Mondays. I got a 145 dollar facial for 85! It was by far the BEST facial I have ever had. The esthetician, Lisa O. was amazing! I highly suggesting having lunch on the terrace there after your service. It's beautiful, relaxing, and you'll continue to be pampered while you are there!
5	My husband and I attended this spa as part of our anniversary celebration on May 26th, 2011. We were both very impressed  by the courteousness of the staff, the beautiful, clean and appealing decorations and accommodations. The spa is massive and hosts a workout room, swimming pool (for spa attendees only, separate and private from the resort's main pool), spa rooms, lockers, showers, sauna, whirlpool, steam room,  etc for male and females, as well as a co-ed relaxation room. We opted to have a "couple's massage experience" which was at a no extra cost. Our 50minute "sports or golfer's massage" was quite a delightful experience! Our massage therapists were attentive, knowledgeable and friendly. The suite we were taken to was well decorated, lit, and had a wonderfully calm air to it. Overall, we highly recommend this spa for it's beauty, attentiveness by staff, services provided and relaxing atmosphere. We truly cannot wait to go  back! Don't forget to come in early and stay after your treatment to enjoy the spa's and resorts many amenities.
5	Fabulous...I can't remember a spa day so perfect than the one I spent at Joya Spa at the Intercontinental Montelucia.  And I happened to time my visit with Spa Week- it was a last minute trip decision so by the time I found out it was Spa Week, I was calling all the spas on the list to see who had an opening for a massage.  Joya was the only one and that is probably b/c of the sheer size and capacity of the spa....they know they are popular and staff themselves accordingly.  I arrived at the resort an hour before my scheduled morning spa appointment, so I would have a chance to peruse the grounds and make myself comfortable in the spa amenities.  My car was whisked away by valet and I headed through the mediterranean-inspired courtyard, gawked at the blue sky and view of Camelback (the resort is located at the base of the mountain), and into the spa.  The spa reception area was bustling- checking in and checking out handfuls of people at a time...I start to second guess how relaxing this spa experience would be.  No worries though, I fill out the requisite spa info form, and head up with a spa tour guide, who leads me through where we make a wish with a pebble, past spa rooms named after native american dances, through a starry sky chamber that acts as a room where all hallways lead off of, and into the women's locker room.  There's a ton of lockers where you can change into a robe, sauna, steam room, showers, vanity area, lounge full of pillows w/ water & tea to consume, a hallway to lead to the spa pool ("above the Casbah", which is located on the second story above the main resort pool called the "Casbah"), and something called the whisper room...a dim room lit with fake candles with gauzy-curtained beds and cushy seating that's designed for relaxing and chilling out pre or post spa treatment without noise.My massage was fabulous- my massage therapist knew right where the knots and tenseness were (she said later that she could feel the energy & heat there, though I'm not sure how).  The heated spa table had just the right settings and adjusted to my height and size.  After the blissful massage, I headed out to the pool area to enjoy the sun for the entire afternoon.Spa pool is a small lap-size pool for quick dips to keep cool but so peaceful (with the exception of a few older ladies chatting in thick New Jersey accents), and has such a wonderful view and breeze (surprisingly, there was a very pleasant breeze on this very hot day)...it blew away my worries that this spa wouldn't be relaxing.  The pool side servers were great in finding me a lounge chair, refilling my water glass (refreshing w/ thin slices of lemon & cucumber), providing thick yellow striped pool towels, and checking in on me to make sure I didn't want to order food or to find me different seating when I wanted some shade.  There are cabanas if you reserve in advance, and of course, the Mediterranean/Moroccan decor & vibe carries through to all aspects of the spa- so lush and beautiful, that the only thing that may have added to the experience is if someone was fanning me with a giant leaf.  The little things that are present in high end spas set this one apart- (hairdryers w/ hair products, showers w/ dressing areas, abundant towels everywhere, aromatic bath products in the locker room (my personal favorite is the body lotion that smelled of fresh nectar & ginger), everything spotless and constantly cleaned- all here and thoroughly enjoyed.I recommend arriving early and planning to spend most of the day in the spa area- it's well worth it.  The Spa Week deal I got made it an even better value...I only wish I was staying at this resort as well!  I know where I'm going the next time I come back to Arizona.
2	One of the only luxuries I spend money on is treating myself to a good massage. My boyfriend planned for a romantic couples massage for my birthday last Saturday.  Although I had a fabulous time at the Montelucia, enjoying all the perks at the resort, I was not that impressed with the Spa treatment at Joya Spa. The day started off very rushed.  We were not as early as we were supposed to be for the massage because the person who booked the appointment didn't tell my boyfriend to be there early. We showed up only 5 minutes early for the massage but I figure that if we are paying high dollar for a day at the spa they would make sure we came out feeling happy and relaxed even if they had to move things around.  I felt rushed going into the massage, I didn't get any direction from anyone and found myself sitting in the relaxation room confused on where to go next.  When we got into room the 2 therapists were not friendly or inviting,  I don't think we exchanged more that 2 words.  It made for a very uncomfortable experience.  After the Massages we were told that we could have access to the private spa pool.  Upon arrival we found that there were no chairs available for us to enjoy.  We found that none of the cabanas were being used and hoped that we could hang out there to at least order some lunch.  We were told that we couldn't sit in the chairs unless we paid even more money.  It just didn't seem right that we chose to go to Joya Spa over all the other spa options in the Scottsdale area because of all the accommodations they offered with the massage and then they were not available for us to use that day.  They would rather have the chairs in the cabana stay empty than be accommodating to their guests and get more revenue for food and beverage.We ended up leaving the spa and finding chairs at the regular pool to hang out at. All we wanted was a place to order food and relax, because that is what we were expecting in spending that much money on a massage.
5	Three words - Happy Hour Mondays. They recently changed the price from $80 to $95 (unless their website hadn't been updated in a long time) so I was slightly bummed when I found out the week of that it increased. But that aside, it was still considerably cheaper than their regular rates. The Moroccan-themed spa is a beauty. When you check-in to the resort, you're given a stone to throw into the wishing fountain outside the spa. The lower level of the spa has the check-in area and a small clothing shop with designer brands. The spiral staircase leading up to the fitness center and spa gave a good first impression.The tour of the spa was interesting. We first started off buy choosing stones with each color having a specific meaning. I closed my eyes and those three that happened to be the same color representing love. The stones were placed on a statue that was meant for setting our intentions for that day, something a yoga instructor would say. The second part took us to a crystal stone that supposedly possessed some sort of energy. My boyfriend and I placed our hands on it and took 2 deep breaths. It seemed kind of cheesy but we went with it anyway.The lounge areas were comfy. There's one for each sex and then a co-ed lounge where couples can hang out together or take a nap since there were a bunch of twin beds. There's a whisper room for napping, sauna, steam room, jacuzzi, and the awesome cold deluge. Used after the sauna, you pull a handle and 5 gallons of cold water falls on you. Trust me, you should definitely give it a try. It's refreshing. There was another room for something a special treatment, but I forget what since I didn't ask. The women's lounge has almost everything you need. Perfume, deodorant, razor and shaving cream, blow dryer, curling iron, q-tips, etc. It's pretty awesome. My therapist was Deni, who told me she was new to the spa. She was very friendly, professional, and made sure that I was comfortable throughout the massage. I hope you continue to do well there! I left very relaxed and ready to enjoy the rest of my day.As a spa guest, I was able to enjoy the terrace with lounge chairs, a pool, and great views of the mountain. You can order food and drinks there as well but I just sat there basking in the sun and enjoying the views. Definitely a great way to end your spa day.The 24 hour fitness center there is small but awesome. They have fitness classes (yoga and cardio), top-notch equipment with almost everything you'll ever need in a gym, a smoothie bar which I never got to try and once again, great views. The yoga classes were great. I'd recommend NOT taking two yoga classes in a row, specifically sunrise and flow because flow will kick your butt if you're not in shape. My boyfriend and I were out the next day because we were so sore. Spin & core was fun though I was dying because it was hot and it was my first time taking it. The class takes place out on the balcony so you still get those great views with the breeze that saved my life. You definitely have to take advantage of that since the facility is included in the resort fee as a hotel guest.
5	I was lucky enough to visit Joya Spa for an open house when they first opened their doors several years ago. They were hosting an open house and invited the public in their doors for a sneak peak of the spa within. From the moment I entered the doors and took a journey through this Moroccan inspired spa, I was hooked and have been back several times over the years. The ambiance at Joya Spa is practically royal. From the minute I walk down the path of water fountains into the doors of a large rounded entrance, I feel like I'm royalty. A large rounded staircase with a banister rims part the room, while a gift shop and salon rim the rest. The gift shop has everything from trendy dresses (both for day and night), flip flops, jewelery, spa products and sunglasses. This is a great find for gifts and any items to complete my outfit if I was staying here for the weekend. Next, I will touch upon the salon. I've had a mani and pedi here and both were top of the line without being too over the top expensive. The pedicure chairs are a professional massage in itself and the staff does a wonderful job on both the pedicure and manicure. Everything is very clean, smells fresh and I leave with happy hands and feet. Up the staircase, is the rest of the spa including services like facials, massages, couples massages, a steam room, locker room, workout room and most importantly a rooftop pool overlooking Camelback Mountain. This is definitely one of the best views in the Valley. The massage rooms are gorgeous and some of them are practically like hotel room in itself. They have a bathroom, sitting area and even open up to the rooftop pool. Like I said, they offer couples massages and regular ones. I've had a regular one and it's pure "joya." Their locker rooms are spacious and kept very nice and clean. I love this spa because I can truly make an entire day of it, which is what I opt for when I have a spa day. I like to come early, settle in, have some services, do as much pool time as possible, possibly workout, finish with a service and be on my blissful way. Joy Spa offers all of this.
5	My girlfriend came in from Atlanta to visit me for mothers day since this was the first mothers day without my mom. She passed in October 2010.  The spa was fabulous! We enjoyed our massages and then we enjoyed margaritas around the pool. The staff is wonderful and the morocan decor is just lovely! This its truly a first class and I will be going back for sure!
5	A true escape into a paradise of relaxation and pampering.  This spa is one of the best I've ever visited and I'm a spa freak.  The facilities are immaculate and luxurious.  You can relax before or after your treatment in a room filled with beds!  I hope they never get rid of those rooms because they are unparalled.  Next time I go, I will spend more time in there with my companions.  This is a must on your next trip to the Phoenix area!
5	OK,  I have now gone ot Joya Spa twice and that's all it took to quickly become my favorite spa in the valley.  The atmosphere is warm and inviting iwth a dark and cozy Morroccan theme.  The robes and towels are soft and the locker area very well kept.  I highly recommend gettig there early to enjoy the Hammam experience of a warm meditation room, steam bath, cold deluge whirpool, sauna and another deluge.  It's a great way to unwind and get ready for your fabulous spa experiences.I went with my mom as a belated Mother's day gift and we each got a massage and a facial.  We agreed the therapists were excellent at their craft and we had an overall wonderful experience.  We went on Happy Hour Monday and got a great deal on the services, although they were so good I wouldnt mind paying the full price.My only complaint was that since it was Happy Hour Monday the place was packed and it got a little cozy in the small locker room at times.  Also we went to the terrace for lunch and had to wait quite a while to get any service.  Also since there were so many there there wasn't much room and we saw many people who wanted ot come out but couldn't find a chair.  However once we got our food that was also very good.Overall, a wonderful experience that I can't wait to do again!
5	Oh nooo! Jean-Baptiste (massage therapist) is no longer with Joya!
5	Beautiful! The staff is super friendly, I had a horrible first impression experience at The Golden Door Spa at the Boulders on Tuesday and opted to leave, despite the fact that my sister in law & I had a long spa day planned out. So I desperately called Joya Spa at 11:20am they fit us both in at 12pm!! (and were completely accommodating even though we were 5 minutes late since the drive from cave creek is not a short one)Both ladies did a fabulous job on our Gelish manicure and pedicures & were unbelievably quick and skilled at their craft. The robes are SO comfortable (an obvious requirement) the facilities are very clean and impeccable and the whisper room... awww. Basically the most comfortable couches and beds complete with pillows and blankets that I have ever encountered, heaven. None of the spas I have been to have had an equivalent to this unbelievably relaxing area, so nice, so comfortable. I would give 4.5 stars if I could but it was just too nice so I rounded up, my only wish was that the private terrace pool was a bit nicer. The loungers and chairs are great, it is just a small area and the actual pool seemed a little dirty and was very small as well. Overall it was a fantastic spa experience (& I have been to quite a few) and I was even more pleased to find out they have a "coed relaxation room" and now I can not wait to come back with my husband for couple's massages and a little quiet time at the pool.
5	My BFF took me to Joya spa today for my Birthday.  What an incredible experience!!!  The grounds are beautiful!!  Then you enter the spa and it really is a magical place!!  They give you this tour as you walk in.  You set your intentions for the day by choosing one of their stones and placing it on a crystal table.  Walking through takes your breath away!!!  I had a 100 min massage.  I have had a lot of massages in my life, and this was by far one of the BEST!!!!  After completing our treatments, we enjoyed a delicious lunch by the spa pool which was beautiful and so relaxing.  I will absolutely be returning ASAP!!  I highly recommend Joya Spa!!!!
5	... it's one of the best spas I have ventured to in the world!  Beautiful, serene, peaceful and with intent.  This is like a tribute to the finest in spa land.  From arrival to departure every detail is well thoughtout all leading to the perfect experience.The massage I had was unbeatable.  The sheets on the table were the silkiest and I look forward to purchasing some. The warming pads were so cozy. The hour and a half was spectacular.  I felt like a new girl...my body was renewed.   Best experience and massage I have had!   Pool side was enjoyable and lunch was so tasty.  I can't wait to come back!   Spend your money here it is well worth every bit of it!!!
5	I have been to a few spas and this is definitely at the top of the list. It is very spacious. They have thought of every single item that you may need including a hair curler. There is even this shower that pours 5 gallons of chilled water over you after you have used the steam room or sauna. They have the perfect canopy beds to take a nap. This place is like a dream. The shampoo, conditioner, and lotion smell so good that you want to spend your entire day underneath the shower. They have a pool just for the spa. I was a hotel guest and able to use the facilities. I will be back as a spa guest very soon.
4	Joya provides pure relaxation in a serene, Morrocan inspired atmosphere.  With any spa purchase, you are invited to indulge in the spa's whirlpool, sauna, relaxation lounge, outside pool, and steam room.  While the decor itself is lush and exotic, I have to admit that I've been spoiled by the amenities at Qua Spa in Vegas so the steam room and whirlpool, while nice, don't hold a candle to Qua.  The massage itself was good.  The massage therapist was very attentive and applied the exact amount of pressure I had asked for.  After a day of using the spa and getting a massage, I was feeling pretty good for the rest of the day!
3	Spa whore, I am! I work in the industry, live in the industry and have breathed the industry for the last 5 years so I know spas. After a few stressful weeks of work, school and planning a wedding I suddenly remembered I am a better version of myself when I take adult time outs. My "corner", so to speak, was at Joya spa. I just so happen to remember a TravelZoo purchase I made a few months ago for a massage or facial at Joya Spa at the Montelucia Resort in Phoenix.Boy, was I excited! I called, booked an appointment with a male therapist and started to prepare myself for my next great spa adventure. After anxiously awaiting  Sunday to roll around, I finally found myself walking into a Moroccan paradise. The space was entrancing from the moment I walked in. It smelled like a spa and helped to set the mood for my day of relaxation. I was given a full tour of the facilities and allowed to set my intentions with small crystals in a round room, and then brought into a room with a GIANT crystal used to help calm, bring intention and awareness of your visit and to yourself. The woman giving me the tour was very professional and thorough. Though informative, I was waiting for a warm connection from her, and never received it.After being led to the locker room, I changed into my bathing suit and waited in the woman's lounge for my provider to find me and take me back for my massage experience.I chose a male provider. Knowing I had tension, knots and stress I was hoping for a firm, slow, relaxing massage. I have had MANY massages and this one was actually a little disappointing. My therapist picked me 7 minutes late and ended 5 minutes early. The strokes consisted of a lot of rocking and fast movements. Not really the relaxing experience I was craving. My massage therapist was very sweet and genuine in his approach, I was just hoping for something more.I definitely didn't let my treatment ruin my experience! The facilities were amazing!  They were clean and always stocked with towels. I have to say the spa attendants ROCKED!!!!! I could not believe how efficient they were. I observed on 5 occasions (YES 5) every time a shower was vacant an attendant was there to clean it up, any time a towel was on the floor, it got picked up immediately. They worked together like a well oiled machine! And I would love to give them props for making me take notice to the work the do!I plan on returning! I may not receive a massage because of my experience, but I truly enjoyed the facilities and the staff. I'm even thinking of booking a suite for my bridal party to enjoy the day there. In the end, if you know massage the way I do, please beware, you may not get all the bang for your buck in your treatment.
5	I loved my time at JOYA - they have excellent customer service and a peaceful atmosphere to regain your inner peace. Plus it is just beautiful to the eye - a joya to be there.
4	I stayed at the Montelucia for a long weekend and went to Joya Spa for a massage and for the nightly blow out special.  I wish I would have taken advantage of the spa each day since we were staying at the resort.  It is a beautiful spa.  Although it is pricey compared to other spas I've been to they pay attention to every detail and the staff is great.  My massage was unbelievable.  I should have requested the longer massage.  I also got a deal on the massage through a separate website since they did not offer any discounts on services.  The reason I did not give them 5 stars is because they automatically add a 30% gratuity to your service.   The prices were extremely high to begin with.
5	I had the best massage EVER from Dominic at the spa on Sunday, December 11th.  If you need a deep tissue massage, he's definitely the BEST!  Dominic--you ROCK!!!
4	Very beautiful place.  Relaxing, inviting...the pool area is gorgeous.  Facials are amazing.  There are a lot of spas in this beautiful valley of ours.  The crystal is a little odd...but this one, we'll return to :)
4	I was shocked when I read some of the negative reviews below but admittedly I only got a mani/pedi and didn't try any of the other services. I wasn't staying at the hotel but went in over the weekend to get my nails done before a wedding.  All of the girls helping us were so friendly and chatted with us about the wedding.  They had a good mix between talking while we were getting our nails done and letting us relax during the pedicure.  I don't get my nails done very often but I like any place that does a salt scrub on your hands and legs and then wraps them in hot towels.  If I had to pick one, get the pedicure; your chair tilts back all the way and I don't know if it was the blood rushing to my head or the soft music but I wanted to take a nap.  It was a very relaxing atmosphere and surprisingly afordable for where it is.
5	Another visit to my still- favorite spa stop in Arizona.  I would compare this place to a fast-paced Moroccan bazaar...other than stopping in the circular rooms to clear your negative energy and make wishes on your way into the spa, it is all hustle and bustle of sometimes more than 20 people waiting for spa services in the lounge, and a packed spa terrace pool filled with people who don't whisper.  This is the type of place you would do a girls spa party...rent a cabana or spa suite and do it up right!  Gorgeous views of Camelback Mountain make up for the lack of peace and quiet...I remembered to bring my iPod to block out chatter and noise for my return visit, which is perfect for my day-long lounging by the terrace pool.
2	I'm so confused!  I love my fellow Yelpers and so based on reviews I was so expecting more Joy from my Joya experience.  I'm writing this review in my hotel room at the Montelucia....which is the place that I wanted to escape to the minute my massage ended. Over joyed?  Not so much!  OK, my massage therapist was very good so no complaints there.  But this spa place is so cheesy!  And I'm not talking about delicious well-aged Gouda.  I'm talking pure VELVETTA.  I swear the interior decorator went to TJ Maxx and purchased the lanterns, candles, crystals and other decor that is suppose to make guests feel as if they were in the Andulasian region of Spain or in Morocco.  Maybe this place can pull the wool over the eyes of Americans that don't have a passport....just saying.The hotel is lovely and the staff are very friendly and helpful, but as far as the spa is concerned, I won't be back.  For my $$$, when in town and I feel like treating myself, I will go back to my #1 Willow Stream at the Scottsdale Princess or  #2 Revive at Desert Ridge.  I'm so bummed about this spa experience.  At least I have a nicely appointed bathroom.  (We got upgraded without being charged...likely due to current pool construction).  I'm gonna get myself all dolled up now, snuggle with my wonderful hubby (who couldn't stop giggling when we were giving the "grand tour" of the spa...I swear!  and refused to place his hands on their 50lb crystal...the attendant was not amused!), and have a wonderful dinner at the (for now) hidden gem called Tuck Stop.  Adios mi Amigos!
2	We booked a 75 minute stone massage and also an 80 minute customizable massage, both of them were good  The spa is the cleanest and prettiest part of the Montelucia resort, the spa staff are friendly, attentive and accommodating. With a spa service, you also get access to the private outdoor pool which overlooks the resort and has very nice views of the mountains.  Poolside service is excellent and the offerings are a good variety of drinks and snacks.  Although very small and uniformly shallow, this is the only pool in the resort that is truly adult only. If we ever have reason to return to this Montelucia Resort,  it will only be to enjoy the spa offerings.  In my opinion, they were the only part of our overnight stay and package price worth the money spent.
5	JOYA oh how I love thee!!! This is the BEST I'm talking BEST spa in the world Ive ever been to. Yes it is expensive but worth every dime. Its a full day of relaxation and pampering. They run deals here and there, so when they do stock up. The Mediterranean vibe going on is so relaxing. Get there early, I'm talking right when they open the spa. Get some free tea and an apple and go in the Hamman (not sure how to spell it) room. Sit there for 15 minutes, then go into the steam room, then the hot tube, then the sauna.After all that...go out on the terrace, get a tan on while looking at the beautiful Camelback mountain. Then order a nice cocktail (don't drink too much you wanna enjoy your massage or facial) and some food.Then head to your massage or facial. They use to have these cards they give you after your treatment which some cute words of wisdom on it. They were in little teapots in the treatment rooms. They don't do that anymore. (Hey management we like those, bring them back).
5	Joya Spa: My little piece of heaven in the middle of the desert...I'm so glad I found this spa. It keeps me sane and it keeps my guests sane when they come to visit me. The spa is beautiful and peaceful and clean and decorated with style beyond words. I love the rooftop pool facing Camelback mountain. Usually I'm climbing Camelback, huffing and puffing all the way up, so it's definitely good to be lazy and take it in from afar ;) It's so relaxing to lay out  by the pool before a treatment and soak up the sun. I've tried their massages and facials and mani/pedis. My favorite treatment so far has been an amazing facial I had with Hannah. My skin felt and looked amazing for a good month after the treatment. She was so patient and detailed and I loved how clean my face felt afterwards. I seriously felt like a new woman! The facilities are definitely incredible: great hamum, steam room, dry sauna, hot tub and my favorite: the cold shower...Absolutely invigorating! The coed relaxation lounge is really wonderful if you want to have a spa day with your special someone! Usually, I take my out of town guests or local friends there for their bdays: we make a day out of enjoying the spa and spend a good couple of hours there; getting a treatment, hanging out at the pool, using the facilities and taking a relaxing nap in the relaxation lounge. Finally we take a shower and get ready in the women's lounge, which has everything you need to get ready. Then we head out to dinner in Scottsdale. And a great time is had by all! =)
2	This review is for my recent (Oct '12) visit to the Joya Spa.  I had visited a few years ago and had a 5 star experience, so much so that we returned two additional days for more services.Unfortunately the overall spa experience has gone downhill.  There were a few highlights, but overall the experience was disappointing.  We were overcharged a little bit for the treatments.  It took a long time to check us in, with the desk attendant being very confused and continuing to call us by the wrong names and say the wrong appointment times.  When we were walked through the spa to be shown around, we did not get the explanation of the stones, and the Moroccan sky etc.  The stones used to be separate with labels, but they are now mixed together.  There is a list of the stones names and the intentions, but no descriptions of each stone, to help you find the one you are looking for.  No one was around to ask.  It seems like there could be a sheet with pictures or a description.  I wouldn't care about this is if wasn't PART of the spa experience here, but since it used to be, I was expecting it, and I was disappointed to not have a clue which stone was the one I was trying to choose.We also had the Hammam ritual treatment.  It is supposed to begin with a Hammam scrub, and then the attendant tells you the rest of the ritual and points to the sign on the wall saying the order to do everything.  It was fantastic for me, and Hannah was a great spa therapist, but my companion did not have a good experience.  The spa attendant did not tell her to do anythign afterwards, but encouraged her to lie down in the relaxation room.  Definitely not the same experience.  When I went looking for my companion, no one, including the desk attendants could tell me if she was in a massage, and since they were so mixed up at the desk about the times of our appointments, I assumed maybe they'd taken her somewhere. Since we were on vacation to spend time together, I was pretty disappointed.  We did find her though, and had *almost* enough time for me to show her the Hammam ritual and have her finish it.  She did make it halfway through before having to go to her massage.  Anyway, in the end, my massage was *OK*, and Hannah, my Hammam therapist was a sweetheart.  I did cancel my facial though as  I can't justify that expense for a mixed experience.  Spas are expensive, and it defeats the purpose of trying to relax when things don't go well.
5	Yeah, so the decor in this Moroccan themed spa is a bit "Disneyland" but the experience is authentic.The facility has everything you need for a deeply relaxing experience. Dimly lit rest area with comfy couches are great but a whisper area with curtained twin beds are just incredible. The spa pool-on the roof top-overlooks Camelback mountain. It's small and intimate with great food and drinks. Granted we were there on a Monday so it was pretty quiet ( highly recommended!) The spa area-the whirlpool, cool deluge ( LOVE IT) and the wet and dry saunas are top rate.  The best part of my experience was the massage. Colleen was magical. I love the spiritual-mind-body connection with massage but usually don't expect it at a resort spa. Colleen was tuned in but also extremely competent with the physical aspects of massage. Next time I'm booking with her and it will be the 1.5 hours!I floated through the rest of the day. I would recommend a massage early and then use the early day to relax by the pool and eat. Then do your spa rituals and don't forget the cold water plunge-it is soo worth the initial fear.Then....take a nap!The only negative was the front desk staff( both on the phone and in person) need to step it up in the customer service arena-you expect really over the top interpersonal skills at a high end spa. We went on the spa week special-79.00-such a deal!
1	I visited the spa in September 2012.  I went for the "Happy Hour" service which was a massage for $99.  Don't be fooled, there was nothing "Happy" about this visit. This place must be hard up for money!If you want them to use "oil" it was $10 more, if you want a scent added to the oil or generic lotion it was $10 more. If you want firm pressure it was $10 more. I'm not kidding!I'm all too familiar with the "add-ons" these days, I've been to the airport, and I'm happy to pay $10 for a seat that reclines (sarcasm) but seriously people, this is a spa! A place for relaxation and no stress!To complete the afternoon, the person at the checkout (Catherine) was a total RAG! Catherine, why are you looking at me like I'm white trash because I'm tipping 20% on the $99 price? Oh, you think I should tip on the regular price of $120 even though this is a special. I'm sorry, since when do you decide how well my treatment was performed and how much the tip should be?  Nice try just sliding it in there, like I'm not going to notice.  And, one more thing, paying with anything other than a credit card or making a purchase in the boutique will only prolong the checkout process. I was paying with cash and nobody knew what to do, it was like I gave them a travelers cheque or something. The rest of the spa was nicely appointed in comfortable amenities. Equivalent to any 5 star resort.
5	There's simply no competition for this spa. It's the most incredibly beautiful spa I've ever been to. To be pampered in such a gorgeous environment is an experience everyone should have. Amazing treatments!
5	Very beautiful spa. Most reviews are 5 stars, and there is a good reason for that. I went there from out of state for my wedding up do, and for 3 little girls up do's. Calling prior to our visit to Arizona, our time zones were a bit of an issue at first, and when I originally called during off hours, and talked to someone that was at customer service at their resort, and they dropped the ball big time. By the time the Spa had received the message, they went above and beyond to prove that they were an excellent establishment, and not to be judged by someone at a different department of the resort itself.  Stevie was in charge of scheduling all my services, and all my constant change requests in times, and services, and I never had any issues getting exactly what i needed. The entire staff made myself, and the girls feel like top priority, and made sure that we all looked beautiful, and were happy with the services. They even accomidated some others in the party that came, but didnt need services, feel very welcome. I am so pleased that I chose to go there, instead of anywhere else for my most importaint day. Thanks too all at the Joya Spa!!!!
5	I have had the pleasure of receiving 6 or so massages at this wonderful spa. The service is always up to par & the massages have always been excellent. The decor is lovely... It's quite a hike up the stairs to get to the spa, but they have an elevator you can take up as well. I definitely utilized the elevator during my 3rd trimester of pregnancy. Speaking of pregnancy, they do an absolutely phenomenal prenatal massage! The tables they use are adjustable & they actually make you very comfortable which is hard to do in the 3rd trimester of pregnancy. It's also really nice to relax in the private spa pool. It's serene & not over crowded like the other main pool. It has an elevated, up close, breathtaking view of Camelback Mountain. Enjoy lunch while you're out there too. They have a very tasty spa-poolside menu! Best tip? Go on a Monday for their "Spa Happy Hour" to get discounted prices on spa services!
5	Hands down, the most amazing spa ever! Incredible atmosphere, amenities, service, and experience. Absolutely perfect from the minute you walk in. Beautiful wet spa area with sauna, whirlpool, eucalyptus steam room, hammam warming room, showers, vanities, lockers, quiet area, and lounge with tea, fruit, and water to enjoy prior to your treatments. The roof-top pool is exclusive for spa guests and features absolutely unobstructed panoramic views of Camel Back mountain, plentiful lounge chairs and shaded sitting areas, splash pool, and spa-inspired menu. This place is like Burke Williams on spa-steroids, over the top in all the best ways. Prices are surprisingly reasonable and they seem to run promotions and service discounts frequently.
2	I am so sad to have to write this review. My boyfriend and I visited here for spa week yesterday and were really disappointed. Having stayed at the Montelucia as a hotel guest and an occasional lunch and dinner, I knew we could expect five star service, food and amenities and I was really excited to try this spa. When I saw it was having a spa week special for $79 for an 50min massage, I jumped on the opportunity! Unfortunately, the Joya spa didn't live up to my expectations.Booking over the phone was easy and I called prior to our massages to see if we would have access to the main pool post massage and to see if my bf and I could have a couples massage with the special. Unfortunately, they couldn't accomodate us as a couple and 'spa only' guests aren't allowed to the main pool but we did have access to the spa rooftop pool. After looking at pictures and reading reviews, I was still excited.Upon entering the spa, we checked in with a smile-less hostest. The checkin area had two other guests so I was hopeful that spa week, on a Monday at 1pm was slow and we could get the full experience. My bf and I and another guest were led up the stairs and given the tour. As a few have said, there are a few hokey parts about this spa. I love crystals as much as the next person but the whole ceremony where you pick your stone and then put your hand on the bigger crystal to say some sort of wish or prayer seemed a bit...well....cheesy...I could tell my bf just wanted to laugh but we went along with it. I'm all for trying something if it'll get me in a zen mental zone and relaxed.  Around the corner, my bf and I were seperated into our own locker rooms. This normally is the case at spas but it would have been nice to get a little extra instruction on how to meet back up once our treatments were over. They swept us off into opposite directions so we had to coordinate via text. Cell phone signals weren't the best either so if you go with a partner, make sure you have a plan beforehand.The facilities are nice and I liked having my own personal locker with keycode. The spa was pretty busy with spa week though and as someone else mentioned, it definitely had more of a vibe of 'girls time' rather than 'relax time'. Waiting in the 'social' room for my services definitely felt more social than relaxing. My therapist Joel came to get me 5 minutes after my scheduled 1pm appointment.Joel took me back to the treatment room and the room was pretty uninspired. Dark, a mirror on the wall and I think a small table with some water. When we went through the usual 'What do you want in your massage,' I mentioned that I had a headache to which he responded something like, 'Who know's what could have caused it' and it was quickly dismissed. I was just going to ask for a little extra neck attention but he didn't seem interested? He left the room for all of 45 seconds but luckily I usually hurry to get on the bed so he didn't catch me mid-table-mount. LOLNow for the massage...I'm sorry but this was the WORST massage I've ever had. It was uninspired, never felt like he was in the right area and a few of the techniques I wanted to laugh. He pulled the foot rest out from under me without supporting my legs, wiped my hands with hot towels and left them dangling off the side of the bed, ran into the chair several times in the corner and gave a very awkward, 10 second head massage at the end.  I don't know if he was brought in to help with the busy week but its suffice to say I was glad it was over after 50 minutes.  When I finally met back up with my bf, he informed me that his massage was terrible too and that he was cut short 10 minutes from his massage. Lucky him!Besides the disastrous massages, we had decided that we were going to have lunch poolside and luckily we were able to get chaise loungers right by the pool that were comfy. Service was slow and my turkey burger was pretty bland. I was served my salad in a bowl where the sealant was coming off. I don't think I ate any of it but it was a little shocking to see once I finished my salad and noticed it. The view of Camelback is nice but I would have perferred the main pool with its sprawling views of the mountain and resort. Upon check out I had been expecting the 20% additional tip included so I asked Carlos to adjust it accordingly. When he asked why, we told him that our services were not in line with 20% and that we didn't like our massages. He just said 'Okay'. Other staff members were behind the desk and didn't seem to care either and we paid for our massages. He added too much for the tip for my bf's treatment but at that point, the extra $1 didn't matter and we wanted to get the hell out of there. The only reason I'm giving it two stars is that I know what the Montelucia is capable of and for the atmosphere of the resort as a whole. Maybe we just had a bad experience because of spa week? I'm not going back to find out.
3	spa services (massage, facial treatments etc) I would give four stars. My boyfriend had a massage here and really enjoyed the experience, says he got a great therapist and it was very relaxing.joya salon: 2 stars for the nail service I received. I realilze that if you get your nails done at a resort like this it is expensive it was $55 for a gel manicure and $69 for the pedicure. Since this is double the price of what I usually pay I was hoping that they would have amazing color selection and the gel polish would stay on for a while without chipping.When I arrived I was told to select a color. One problem I had was the lighting where the nail polish is located is completely different from the lighting in the actual salon area so at first I selected a color that looked pink with purplish tones and it was actually royal purple, the next one looked like a true pink and was actually red. I didn't really like the color selection they had available either. After selecting my color I sat down for the service. The girl that helped me was really nice. We had some trouble with the gel for the manicure, I dont know if it was the brand or whatever but it kept drying really weird and then she would have to redo it. The final result was pretty good except for one of the thumbs. The most disappointing part was that they already started chipping at around one week. I learned my lesson and will definitely opt for a massage on vacation instead of going for the nails. The same service at my normal spot in san diego stays on for 3-4 weeks with no chipping.
2	Very Nice Facilities. Service was top top notch! However, we did a COUPLES massage and the massage was crap to mediocre, and it was about $470 bucks. So, truth is GReat Ambiance, Great place to chill, but extremely over priced for the quality of massage. DONT expect a great massage. Goto Four Seasons, especially when your paying this much money. I wish I would of done that in the first place. This would of been an OKAY value if it was half the price. You will see, masseuses are pretty young and amateur..
1	Service looks like has gone way down from when first opened. Not worth the prices for how you get treated!!
4	For the short period of time I was able to spend at this spa, it was quite enjoyable (I was to meet my husband for golf at 2pm).  I met my aunt and cousin here for a relaxing noon, and it was just that (after I gulped down the $75 credit card swipe to just use the facilities).  We had our own lockers complete with robes and sandals (although mine were more comfortable) with a self-created pass code.  The sauna was our first stop followed by the hot tub.  We had the facility to ourselves.  The cold deluge was quite refreshing after working up a sweat with all that relaxing.  The best feature of the facilities was definitely the pool.  The spa's private rooftop pool has Camelback mountain as a back-drop, which was stunning.  Our pool-side server was exceptionally nice and served my cousin and I champagne while my aunt enjoyed her massage.  We monched on grilled fruit skewers, a Mediterranean plate, vegetable flat bread, and shrimp wrap all of which were super healthy and fresh tasting.It is worthwhile, but you may want to wait until there is a special on the facilities price.  It sounds like they offer deals through Living Social and other sites.
5	I've tried out almost all the resort spas in Phoenix - and this is definitely one of my top 3.  I've visited Joya about 5 times and had various massage and facial treatments.  I absolutely love this spa.  It's expensive - but worth it.  The facilities are beautiful and relaxing - not to mention impeccably clean at all times.  I love the 'waiting' room area before treatments and the roof-top pool with small dining area is absolutely perfect and private.  Their spa food menu is great (usually I think these are too 'skimpy' for a meal)...  and is both filling and healthy in the food choices.  The the therapists I've had have all been excellent.  This is now my 'go-to' spot for spas in town.  Even the front desk staff are incredibly warm and inviting.  Love the Montelucia spa!
4	I have had many massages in my life and the one I had from Suzette was the best I have had in years. Spa itself was beautiful- loved the relaxation room and the social lounge. I think I would prefer the beginning rituals if I was alone as opposed to with the spa attendant, but I imagine that is only because as a first timer, I got the guided tour. The only thing that will keep me from coming on a regular basis is the price- I will just have to keep my eye out for deals. Full price might be ok a couple of times a year.
5	I was never really a spa person but now that  I've to appreciate the finer things in life, I totally get the need to escape to a calm, relaxing retreat and pamper yourself. Joya is IT as far as I'm concerned.When you walk through the door your are immediately transported to a Spanish/Moroccan palace and are treated like royalty. I came in for a Monday morning massage ($95 on Happy Hour Monday). Themes of relaxation and purification permeate the entire facility which is a  llabyrinth of corridors in which to lose yourself in calm and comfort.The treatment rooms are very nice and comfortable and further help you to relax. My masseuse was constantly making sure that the level of pressure was OK and time seemed tto stand still which NEVER happens when I'm enjoying myself.After my massage I lingered to enjoy the spa facilities which include a private rooftop pool and cafe. The lounges have a jacuzzi, hammam and dry sauna. The cold deluge is THE BOMB, there's nothing like dousing yourself with cold water in this crazy hot Phoenix weather.I really loved my experience here and while I haven't hit many spas I don't see how you could have a better experience anywhere else.
5	Who knew that the spa experiences I've had would pale in comparison to this oasis in the desert?The ambience is literally breathtaking and the massage therapists are extraordinary, especially Dinora (sp).  You can also order delicious meals and drinks poolside.Also, there is a spa, hamam services, and deluge, which further pamper one's senses.One of my favorite parts was the resting room that includes soft comfy beds you can collapse into and sleep on.At the end, we picked up pretty rocks and placed them in the wishing well... a unique touch.
3	First, I should start by saying that this spa is the most beautiful spa facility I have ever been to. The facilities are spacious and beautiful and there is literally not a single amenity missing. Unfortunately, I cannot give such rave reviews to the facial services.I spent the day yesterday at the Spa with a few girlfriends. We had lunch on the spa pool terrace and then spent several hours enjoying the amenities. I was very much looking forward to my facial. However, my 50 minute facial was INCREDIBLY disappointing. The esthetician did not ask me a single question about my skin or ask if there was anything I wanted to focus on. She then proceeded to slather a mask on my face and let me sit under the steam for a solid 10 minutes. I think she probably spent a total of 15 of the 50 minutes actually working on my face. The rest of the time was spent on a shoulder and neck massage and a lengthy hand massage. The massage was fine, but that's not what I signed up for. When it came time for extractions, she did maybe four extraction on my nose and that was it. Nothing else. I would be ok with this if I truly had nothing to extract, but when I went to look at myself in the mirror I could visibly see blackheads still in my face. I really wanted to give Joya a rave review, but I just can't. I have probably had 20 facials in my life and I can honestly say this was the worst one ever. My friend had a lovely massage and was very happy with the results, and I also had a manicure with Sheryl who was awesome. I would recommend Joya for the ambience and possibly some other services, but would absolutely look elsewhere for a quality facial.
1	STAY AWAY!!!!!I recently spent a weekend at the montalucia resort and booked a spa day at joya. The men's sauna and locker room is a gay sex hotspot!! I was sitting in the hot tub when a guy walked up to be and asked for a blow job!! I left and went into the Sauna and he followed me in there and brought his phone out to watch porn and jack off!!! This place is disgusting for your safety please stay away!!!!! I spoke with the employees at the spa and they could of cared lessstay away from this disgusting place
5	I came here with my mom and sis during the AZ Spa Girls summer spa series. We got a tour and mini spa services during a Friday evening, and the three of us returned a couple weeks later for our spa treatments. I've have been to a few other resort spas in the valley, and Joya has been the best one so far.The locker room had lots of space and plenty of attendants to make sure the area was kept up. One worker even noticed that my robe had a tear in the sleeve and brought me a new one.My sister and I started off our day with a pilates class. On the website, it states there would be a $10 fee for the class, but we weren't charged. The class only had four people, and the instructor was definitely top notch.I went for my facial soon after wards. I've gotten dozens of facials in the last decade, and this was one of the tops. The room and table were very comfortable and kept at the perfect temp. My aesthetician was great. She really knew what my skin needed and didn't hold back on the extractions. There wasn't any attempt to upsell me on any add-on services which I appreciate.My favorite part of the spa was the pool. Since it's on the second story, you get a killer view of the mountains and palm trees. The pool is only for spa guests so it's quiet and relaxed. The food served poolside was surprisingly good. My mom and sister went gaga over the turkey sliders. I got the veggie flatbread, and it was so big I couldn't even finish it. The menu indicated it had 400 calories, but I don't believe it. If it's true, that's a work of black magic.We also spent some time in the sauna and hot tub. This area was much larger compared to the other spas I've been too. There's also a shower where you can be quickly deluged with ice cold water, but I prefer sticking with the warmth.Next time I come back here I will ask them to skip the crystal ceremony. I appreciate New Age stuff, but it's just a little to cheesy for me.
5	Absolutely amazing spa...probably one of the nicest facilities I have ever been to!  The spa ritual is fabulous, the private pool with food service and spectacular views of Camelback Mountain is amazing, the relaxation rooms are incredible...and love the co-ed option to relax with my hubby, and the massage was perfect - just the right amount of pressure and relaxation!I will definitely be back again!
5	This place is awesome....  And this is HUGE!  Plenty of spaces at all the amenities.   I have never been to Moroccan but I imagine it would be like this.  They have plenty of services to choose from.  I got the 50 mins of classic massage.  It was very relaxing.  When the lady doing my message found out I was celebrating my birthday late there, she got me a gift certificate for a coffee or gelato at the cafe.  That is so sweet.  Plus, you get to pick a card from the pot:  My card says - Stretch out your hand and receive the world's wide gift of joy, appreciation and beauty. - Connie Roosevelt Robinson
5	Wow... This spa is so incredibly impressive! I've been to spas all around the world, and I have to say that Joya ranks among the best. The resort is beautiful and sets a perfect location for Joya. The lobby is beautiful and it's fun to walk to the flight of stairs and ascend to another world. Picking out a special rock and adding it to the glowing crystal is a nice touch. The waiting area and locker facilities are top notch. Very clean restrooms stocked with above average necessities. In the waiting room they serve flavored waters and teas and there is a "silent" room filled with beds so you can just relax in quiet. The massage itself was great; and I love the motorized bed so the therapist didn't have to add:remove the bolster. The bed was heated and she also used heated towels on my back to help loosen the muscles. There was also a terrific smelling spray she sprayed in the room. At the end I was asked to select a special card that gave a affirmation. A very nice way to end the massage. After your massage you can switch into your bathing suit and lay outside at the private spa heated salt pool overlookingCamelback mountain. You are served drinks and have a menu of delicious and healthy food options, including several vega. Options!!!!! The staff was incredibly friendly and the services were reasonable. I will definitely 100% be back for a spa day!!They also do mani/pedi downstairs, have a whirlpool, sauna, and steam room.
4	I've been to many resort spas in town, and Joya Spa is truly impressive and a cut above the rest. Some of my favorite features:-It's huge! The spa itself has enough going on that you can easily spend a whole day there.-It's romantic, the co-ed nap lounge was perfect for me and my boyfriend to cuddle after a massage. We got a spa day for two and spent less money than we would have individually, and they gave us a $30 credit for lunch. -The lounges are fantastic, and they add thoughtful touches that I haven't seen in other spas. This made my visit more convenient: razor/shaving cream in each shower, several different hair products, curling irons..things like that. Reasons I didn't give it a 5:-The pool was pretty small and a bit messy, but it still has a great view of the mountain. -The food wasn't amazing, but it's still healthy and satisfying.-It would also be nice to see more of a variety to drink in the lounges other than water; like assorted teas, nuts, and little snacks would send it over the edge to being awesome.I would definitely visit this spa again, the staff was very friendly, and I felt verrry relaxed.
5	Absolutely breathtaking spa! Came here for a massage & facial and enjoyed lunch and drinks out by the pool. Everything was perfect. The decor and setup of the spa creates a beautiful, moroccan-like setting that allows for complete relaxation. Spending a day here is like spending a day on vacation.  All of the staff was considerate and friendly, and the services were flawless. I can't wait to come back!
5	My friend and I meet in a new city once or twice a year.  We always turn to yelp to help us find a great spa.  The reviews here did not disappoint.  The resort and spa is just beautiful.  We arrived early and sat up at the pool deck exclusive for guests.  As soon as we sat down, we were brought large cups of water...which was constantly refilled.  The amenities inside were top notch.  We used the steam room and whirlpool...as well as the relaxation room.  We booked a package that included a massage, facial, mani & pedi.  I was so relaxed during my massage, that we decided to book another massage for the morning before we were flying home.  My skin looked great from my facial by Hannah.  Cynthia's fun personality kept me laughing and smiling during my mani/pedi.  I have never seen pedi chairs that leaned back so far (super comfortable) that manicurists didn't have to be bent over while working.Everyone was especially nice.  We were there on a Saturday...busy but not too crazy.  We were warned that Sundays are the busiest day.  We will definitely be back!
3	I had a men's classic message there today and it was excellent. My masseuse was awesome. Totally worth it for the message. The front desk staff very friendly and efficient. I took off two stars for the condition of the men's spa area. It was not very well maintained. The sauna was cold and drafty. The hot tub was cold. The steam room was fine except there was no water to drink outside if and the cold towels had been sitting there a while and the ice had melted. The toiletries they supply for grooming also a joke.  LA Style hair gel, the blue goopy stuff you can buy by the barrel at the dollar store. What adult male who spends that kind of money to stay or spa at Montelucia uses that garbage for their hair. Oh and also a big can of 80's aerosol hairspray, who uses hairspray?
4	I can't say anything other posters haven't shared about the unique experience of the meditation room, the serenity at the pool, and beautiful property, but I think the nail salon is a Phoenix/Scottsdale secret.  For the property you get to fully experience, you won;t pay much more than you do at a strip mall nail bar.  This will be my Friday Happy Hour whenever I get the chance!
4	Pros: When I asked all my coworkers for spa recommendations, they all said Joya spa. Took my out of town visitor here and we had a great girls day. Sunbathing by the rooftop pool, spa services, and the hamam. The food options available poolside were kinda bland, typical spa food. Cons: there was some confusion about the price for services. My friend and I thought our total would be between $200-300 due to some deal we read about online. The entire time we were there, we were so shocked at the amazing value. Turns out, we received over $400 of services. Needless to say, it was a great experience, but we won't be back.
5	If you're looking for a peaceful paradise getaway, here is your place. Perhaps, the best place on earth? I think so. Loved every second here.Clean/ check Relaxing/ checkProfessional / check Heaven / check
5	Alright, I confess, I go to a spa for my haircuts!! I am not a salon kind of a guy, but when I find someone who can cut my hair and make me look human, I stick with that person thru thick and thin!! I have been to Joya Spa before for a massage and it was phenomenal, but this review is about the hair side of things. I was referred to this stylist from my girlfriend and I hesitantly went expecting frosted tips and a 3 digit bill. What I found was Rina, the stylist, and she kicks ass!! This girl knows her shit, and talks fantasy football! What's better than that? A f*ing shampoo after the haircut!!! Hell yeah, I'm all in! What the hell have I been doing going to barber shops where the guy who cuts my hair gives me his style cut from the 50's!?! Now the place is in the Montelucia Resort so you need to park in the lot below, but just up from the steps is the salon. Easy to make appointments and the staff is always on their game. No more Beatle's haircuts for me! Thanks Rina!!!
