5	32 Shea, the eponymously located new restaurant which took over the building formerly known as Shea Cafe, appears to have been open for business for about a week as of 1/21/11, although local residents such as myself have been noticing the cosmetic changes at the shop and presumably anticipating the imminent (re)opening of the region's only true coffee-shop for several months now.I'm going to give it five stars - not so much for where the restaurant stands at the moment, but for where the restaurant is clearly headed.  Don't get me wrong, the little shop is quite refreshing and wonderful as-is, but it is pretty clear that the coming enhancements (outdoor pet-friendly patio, wine bar) will put this place over the top.Call me a homer, but I've always felt like the 32nd/Shea region is a wonderful series of neighborhoods (with many model mid-century modern Haver homes, for instance) where the retail and restaurant offerings poorly reflect the themes and quirkier character of some of the neighborhoods.  Thats why I truly appreciate what the folks at 32 Shea are trying to do...they are obviously trying - in menu, decor, ambience, and exterior - to create a true, "32nd and Shea" experience that encourages locals to assemble there, while inviting passers-by to integrate there.  So far, they've executed it very well.  For a comparable experience, I would think of the venerable and award winning  "Mama Java's" on Indian School. Of course, it all starts with the menu.  I've already ran through the relatively limited hot breakfast items (Early Bird, New Mexico Burrito) and both were outstanding.  I think, above all, "freshness" is what stood out to me.  No Otis Spunkemeyer muffins here, as the pastries are clearly local, playfully designed, and quite good.  I can't yet vouch for the lunch offerings, but the lunch sandwich/salad offerings appear to be quite diverse, and given my breakfast experience,  I think I would order them with confidence. The coffee seems to be a local blend, and that can be a good or bad thing, but my first few Latte's tried on separate days indicated that this is a rather fine roast, perhaps over-milked on one occasion, although that is easy enough to correct.  One thing I did notice about my iced lattes is that they were served ICE COLD, which might make you think "yeah, duh" but I've tried coffee in every corner of the state, and I can say with certainty that most iced latte's are served in the 43-50 degree range (or even way higher) due to the failure of the barista to control the heated liquid, but I felt like 32 Shea's lattes were in the 35-39 degree range...the right range, just the way momma used to make 'em!Space is limited at the moment as the outdoor patio continues its construction, so it can be standing room only at peak times, but its hardly an uncomfortable place to stand.  When the patio does open, and wine/beer enters the picture, the sky is the limit for this shop on those warm spring and summer nights.  So far, all signs point to go, so I hope this place stays around!!!
5	Finally a first rate coffee and sandwich shop at this location.  After years of mediocre coffee shops at this stand alone location a real stand out!  The entire place has been redecorated and updated in a contemporary urban 21st century design.The indoor seating is limited, but there is plenty of outdoor seating available.The shop is promoting evening wine and beer and a dog friendly patio - not sure of the concept?The coffee prices are reasonable between $2.50 and $4.00.  Breakfast fare and sandwiches are available for well under $10.00.The place looks great.  I live nearby and am happy to see this new establishment brighten up the hood!
5	A great LOCAL-OWNED coffee bistro in the northeast valley. Conveniently located near the northwest corner of 32nd Street and Shea Boulevard, 32 Shea has indoor and outdoor seating, a drive-thru window and a wonderful breakfast and sandwich menu. The owner/operators are engaging and friendly and the barrista is a true coffee artist!  Definitely worth a visit.
4	Nice, hip little joint!   If you live nearby, please give it a try and support this great addition to the neighborhood.  If you live not so near, it's just a short hop off the 51at Shea and worth it!
5	Just wanted to give these people props for opening a bad ass coffee shop in Central North Phoenix! We met business partners here for a meeting recently and they were just as impressed as we were with the layout of the shop and the coolness of the design! Not only is it a cool place to hang, but they had some wonderful drink mixes and small bites to eat! It was the first time I have ever tried Nutella with coffee "Mocha w/Nutella". It was SO good I had 2! The staff was very friendly as well! I will definitely be back to visit soon!
5	I live in the neighborhood and finally stopped by for check this updated coffee shop and I am so happy that I did. I had a latte with Almond Milk (yes, finally a place that has something more to offer than soy milk) which was delicious and I felt even better that knowing my dollars were going to a local business. Then I had to stop by today for lunch. The Le Grande Tuna sandwich was great. I had a lot of food for not a lot of $$ and it tasted great. I will be back and often, especially when they start serving dinner. Thanks 32 Shea. I am so glad that you are here.
5	Came across this cute little coffee shop early Saturday morning.  I was so impressed when I walked in.  Very warm and inviting inside with a hip, urban design.  I only bought a banana and americano (which was fab!) but I can't wait to go back and try their food items.  They serve also serve Nutella infused Hot Chocolate. Wow! Definitely going to try that next time.
5	In a town where big chains like Starbuck's & Pete's are covering pretty much every neighborhood, here comes "32 Shea" with a great variety of fresh coffees, teas, and delicious food. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful.As I understand it, they are applying for their Beer & Wine License which I think will be one of the first steps to rejuvenating this old run down corner. The intersection of 32nd St & Shea used to be such a major thoroughfare before the freeway extension of the "SR-51". This area is still home to a wide variety of individuals who need a fun place with great eats that's not too far away.After living in Ocean Beach San Diego for 6+ years one becomes a little picky about his or her coffee shops. I was really pleased with the service here and the quality of the coffee. It will nice to see the menu as it grows as well as  having a beer on their awesome patio...
5	Love it.  We've been going regularly since they opened.  I switch between the coffee and the nutella mocha.  Both are great.  Food's good.  The staff are very friendly and welcoming.  Can't wait till they start serving beer and wine.
5	When I moved into my apartment, I couldn't understand why this adorable little restaurant was sitting empty.  My husband and I were very excited to see people working on it and even more excited when we found out it was a coffee shop.  The staff is beyond friendly.  The assortment of drinks and their creative specials are always tasty.  I haven't tried anything on the sandwich menu, because the breakfast is so good!  My fav is the Early Bird Sandwich - egg, avocado and bacon.  It's a great addition to a neighborhood I've grown to call home.
5	Really close to me, so had to try.  Last place here was only so so.  These guys rock!  Now a few times a week stop for me....great drinks and innovative food choices.  I hope they add live music on the patio!
5	I love locals.  I love anyone who will go through the trouble, and hard work, to open a place of business.  Let me tell you, seeing the condition of this building when my wife and I first moved into the neighborhood; the owners wanted to REALLY open this place because they had to put A LOT of work into it.  But, no surprise, it has paid off.First off, I am more of a tea (Chai, yum!) than a coffee person, so I can't speak to the taste of their coffee drinks, but they smell fantastic!My hot chai from here, is ALWAYS great.  Always hot, without being too hot, and has a consistent flavor each time.  The food (sandwiches, salads, and coming soon, soups) always look and smell very fresh.I have had the:Early Bird (Egg, Tomato, Avocado and Mayo on English muffin (with your choice of bacon or turkey)New Mexico Burrito (Egg, Potatoes, Cheese, Avocado, Bacon) and a side of homemade Green Salsa (not a lot of heat, which I like, but still very taste),Stacked Turkey (Tomato, Lettuce, Avocado, Provolone, Mustard+Mayo)I would recommend all three, and will recommend other foods too, as soon as I tear myself away from the above. :)I am looking forward to when they get to have beer/wine dinner events, and I don't want to forget to mention the retro Pepsi (in glass bottles!).Please visit this place, you will enjoy the pleasant interior, or gorgeous outdoor seating and the very reasonable prices too!
5	Amazing food and coffee!
5	I am writing this for my son and husband.  They don't have Yelp accounts so I am yelping for them.  My husband had a sandwich that he said was delicious.  He even noticed how cool the place is!  This is saying something, from a guy who rarely notices his surroundings when chowing down.My son walks to 32 a few times per week.  He's really into good coffee and claims this is the best!  Loves the outdoor seating and the fact dogs are allowed.  Yay!There you have it, a review from a couple of my loved ones.  You can bet I'll be going there soon.
4	I was very excited to discover this new coffee shop last Saturday!  A friend had suggested meeting there, and I mistakenly assumed it would be nested into the strip mall (in typical Phoenix fashion).  Instead, I was surprised to find this stand-alone structure in the parking lot of the NW corner of 32nd St. and Shea.  You can tell just by pulling up that this place is cool:  contemporary and fun signage, an intimate little patio, and bowls of water set out for dogs to enjoy.  Further indoor signals of this place's cool factor and unique character:  coffee drinks with Nutella (file that under "why didn't I think of that??"), a fantastic music playlist that reminded me of the Garden State soundtrack, day-old scones discounted to 50-cents each (love how unpretentious that felt), and boxes of matzoh displayed on top of the espresso machine (when I inquired about what they use the matzoh with, she explained that it was Passover so she thought her Jewish customers might enjoy the matzoh options for sandwiches -- so fun and sweet!).My iced coffee was fantastic, and I definitely intend to come back and explore their "Wichcraft," AKA, Sandwich, menu.  The description of the OMG sandwich will be enough to get me to come back -- fig, marscapone and prosciutto!Overall, this independent little shop has potential written all over it, and I can't wait to increase my cool factor by adding it into my portfolio.  Watch out, Luci's Marketplace -- you have some new competition!
5	Super friendly staff, not expensive food. Simple menu but delicious food. Breakfast burrito is bomb! Haven't checked it out yet but apparently they have a full bar too.
5	this place is just great.
5	I arrived at the funky lil joint this morning, and was pleasantly surprised that I did not have to sit in the long stream of cars in the drive-thru line. The gentleman at the window was friendly and patient, he suggested the Vanilla/Honey Latte Iced, this was my first experience here so I was grateful for the suggestion. It was FANTASTIC! I also ordered the breakfast burrito which was delicious, (their home made salsa was perfect) & it did NOT weigh 10lbs so I still feel fantastic after devouring it, not like I want to curl up, clenching my stomach, and sleep for 10 days. The service was also prompt, and the gal who walked my order out to my car was super friendly! Prices were very reasonable as well! This experience sure beats out the long line, hasty service, tiny over-priced cups of joe, and hard pastrys, at your local chain Starbucks. They also serve a great variety of craft brews and wines and, have a comfy, dog friendly, patio! I will definitely be back when I am in the area again! Support LOCAL, check this place out, you'll be glad you did!
5	UPDATE!  IT JUST KEEPS GETTING BETTER!!  Not only does 32 Shea have THE best beverages in town (my new fave is a slow, gravity dripped iced coffee toddy) and killer pastries & food....they now have a liquor license and serve alcohol; a true bistro!  The outside patio is complete and looks amazing!  These guys are really hitting their stride!  Check 'em out!
5	Hooray! We finally made it here for lunch. It felt as though we were in Downtown Phoenix again due to the hip and locally owned feel. I wish there could be SO many more places like this in the neighborhood.The building is small and charming. You can certainly tell a lot of love and effort were put into making this establishment a success. They serve breakfast, lunch and dinner. Have soda's, Italian soda's, coffee, tea, beer, wine and hard liquor. It's small inside with about 6 tables and a bar with seats around it as well. Cute dog friendly patio with umbrellas outside.Multiple Veggie options available! I had the Veggie-Tarian sandwich and it was great. Seems like they have varied menu options and special dishes that change from day to day. The ingredients were fresh and quality. 32 has done amazingly with a concept that is very difficult for restaurants... To excel at ALL 3 meals, keep up variety, have a spectacular coffee bar, innovative menu, and now have a full bar as well. There is even a drive through window! I felt right at home and cannot wait to come back for some wine. The wine list looked extensive and varied. Keep supporting local and get here! It's amazing. I kind of want to live in a little loft above it.
5	Great spot to eat, drink,  or just hang out.  Food is great and the drinks are just as good.
5	REVIEW UPDATE:Ok, I've been here many, many times since I first wrote my review, and the place just gets better and better.  Dinner is now regularly served, the outdoor patio is open, and the Baristas and Bartenders have clearly hit their stride.  Let us hope that Barista Jeff and Bartender Josh continue to rule the beans and the booze for many years to come.  These fellas are seriously at the top of their game, and extraordinarily personable.I originally complained a bit about my lattes being a tad too "wet" with milk, but those concerns have completely evaporated.   In fact, all coffee drinks (save one) are downright splendid, and I really appreciate the uniformity of quality I get from one day to the next.  The one and only coffee drink that lies south of perfection for me is the frozen/blended mocha-ish one.   I taste some granulation in there.  Its not unpleasant at all, but detracts from the smooth "blendiness" that one hopes to experience when buying a drink to stave off the imperial Phoenix summer sunshine.The place continues to avoid pretentiousness, trendiness, kitsch and gimmicks,  and that "institutional confidence" in their atmosphere and product is reflected in both their staff and service.  Now THAT is rare, and worth a trip from wherever you may be in the Valley!The prosciutto-fig-marscapone sandwich?  Yeah, that's really good.  Where's the button for 6 stars for that?
5	I saw this spot strolling through town this morning and thought I'd give it a shot!   Wow what a pleasant surprise!  The guys were super friendly and offered me almond or soy milk as a dairy substitute!  It was clean and nice.  The coffee was brewed well; the beans were full flavored; not burnt.  I love this place.  My new favorite coffee spot!
1	Just waited 20 minutes for a muffin and ice water. Paid $3 plus a $1 tip and never got served. When I finally got up to leave, I told the cashier I was leaving and to cancel my order. She said, "Okay..." and didn't make any attempt to give me a refund or apologize. Definitely won't be going back!
5	This used to be a drive up coffee shop. Now the serve great food and the best damn lemon drop martinis that they serve in huge glasses. Staff is very friendly. Wish I wasn't moving to Scottsdale, will probably not make it back here.
4	I really liked 32 Shea! Kinda wish there was a place like this in my neighborhood. It's a really cute place in a pretty random location - smackdab in the middle of the parking lot of a strip mall (it used to be a drive through coffee shop). They've remade it into a cool, hip little spot and managed to fit quite a lot into a small space. There's an outdoor patio that they've surrounded with trees, which, once the weather cools off, will give the outside area a little more ambiance. Inside, there is a small bar and maybe eight 2 top tables (not the type of place to take large groups). Luckily we were able to get a table right away. 32 Shea serves breakfast, lunch, drinks, and coffee (they have a drivethrough). I heard the coffee is excellent. We went there for happy hour and I ordered the Mint Lemon Drop Martini which might be one of my favorite drinks around! Very fresh and lemony. I also had the Shea Breeze (muddled pineapple, vodka, cranberry, soda, and lime). It was good, but I had already fallen for that lemon martini. My boyfriend enjoyed a couple of their local beers. We also had a few bruschettas: the salami/pesto/tomato, the proscuitto/marscarpone/figs/honey, and the mozzarella/tomato/basil. I'd say they're on par with the likes of postino's and I'd definitely order all three again. We also really enjoyed the roast beef sliders. A little horseradish and some good au jus.
5	If you are a parent going to Imagination Avenue, which is the same shopping center, stopping here is a must.  They have a drive thru with all the same kinds of things you can get at any good coffee house.  Then after your kids are worn out from playing, you can go back to get lunch.  My turkey sandwich was so good.  The staff was very friendly.
5	This place is awesome! The new Mexico burrito is to die for. The atmosphere is laid back and cool. The employees are super friendly will come back!!!
5	Coffee, Tea, Soda Pop, vodka PLEASE!  Yes, it is true; Josh is a rock star behind the bar and is super sweet to-boot. I was in the mood for something muddled and citrusy and his recommendations were spot on.  I really dig the vibe this little gem has to offer. It's intimate with a punch of coolness and although not an unfamiliar concept, they definitely deliver it in their own unique style. Great menu, various drink options, dog friendly, great staff and a drive up window....I like it. I like it a lot. Will return- Most def!
3	The new 32 Shea is just what our lovely little corner needs. It's a hip place to hang out with a nice patio, which I would totally sit on if the weather ever allowed it. I sampled a couple of sandwiches which were pretty good. However, I didn't think they were extremely unique or flavorful. Lots of fun drink options, though. I will probably return to try some more!
5	Amazing coffee (thanks barista Jeff), delicious food, yummy drinks (thanks bartender Josh), and super awesome staff (thanks Becca). 32 Shea is a hidden gem located in front of a very empty strip mall. They have indoor seating as well as a nice dog friendly :) patio that I can't wait to enjoy as the weather is finally starting to cool off. The owner and employees have put a lot of love into this local coffee shop/cafe and I hope for its continued success!
5	This place can easily be missed if you are driving by, but to be honest. its not worth missing...I am glad i finally made my trek down 32nd st to shea. Cause this place is awesome. Nice "quaint" little sit down cafe. Perfect for studying, reading, or enjoying your post hike on any of the number of trails around here. They have a small food menu. Sandwiches are delicious btw. I am pretty sure the chips are homemade, they are not too salty which is perfect..i'd be okay with zero salt too. I had their tea, it was delicious. Also had a nutella hot chocolate, really wish it had more chocolate/nutella flavor. But otherwise it was awesomely delicious. I willllll be back. Especially when i need my cup of  coffee in the A.m.
4	K, dont get mad at me cuz i am only giving 4 stars! I have yet to try out the dinner/night life of this place.I went in with a book and laptop in the afternoon and ended up staying for 3 hours...yeah im a nerd. Their espressois amazing, nice and strong with a dark roast, i am guessing italian or even darker. They are working on training all of their workers on doing the cool designs on the lattes, but i could care less about that and more about quality. They are the only AZ bar to serve nutella mochas...omg amazing! Why hasn't anyone else thought of this?This is a very small location, in an odd part of town. I am sure their lease is dirt cheap, but that allows them to provide amazing quality dishes at a good price! They have free wifi set up, so come in the morning or afternoons and hang out!I tweeted asking my friends if they wanted to go, and 32shea responded, 'come try us out, we have good drinks, great food and our staff is really cute!" AND the staff is CUTE!I plan on testing our thier dinner and night life laterz!
5	This has been consistently one of my favorite restaurants in the valley. They always have a consistant fresh menu - "The entre of the Moment".  Everything on the menu is good. I would recommend the "OMG" and any of their coffee's with Nutella.Good Martinis and Coffee. You can't go wrong with this place.
3	After driving past this place so many times and not even noticing it.  A  friend invited me to join them for a cup of joe, stating "you have to try 32 Shea, they have the best coffee ever!!"  I'm glad to say I found it and I've been back a couple of times since.  I'm not a fan of how they are set up with the order counter right at the front door, so when a lot of people are wanting a caffeinated beverage they have to squeeze in or wait outside.  The place is nicely decorated in everything IKEA, if you like that their stuff.  The service is OK, a bit stretched a times and could use more help to handle the rushes but they are very friendly bunch of baristas.The coffee is A-OK.  Better than at most "chain type" of places but not at the 4 or 5 star level.
5	K, first I am PISSED that yelp didn't auto save this review earlier. Now I have to get 'creative' all over again. I have been going to this place several times, and its time for an update! I love this place. The owner seems to give lots of freedom to her staff. Very often you see a new latte or new bar drink that you just gotta try! This place really feels fresh, different, and new everyday! I love the concept that Rebeca seems to be working hard to develop. From: seasonal drinks, nightly 'chef dinners', wine and craft beers, occasional live music, locally roasted beans, pet patio, and a place where everyone knows your name! I am very happy I finally tried this place. I have now found a new local fav!
4	Cool spot. Nice location. Great food. Cheap mimosa's.
5	Finally got to try this place today and so glad I did!!  The food is fresh and wonderful, the coffee is just as amazing as everyone said it would be, and the patio is gorgeous.  You couldn't ask for a more relaxed, hip, friendly vibe. Support a great local business - check this place out!
3	Had an "A-OK" breakfast here after a charity walk a few weeks ago.  After all the rave reviews on yelp, and since we were in the area, we gave it a whirl.  Can't say I was wowed by anything, but it wasn't bad either.  I can see how sitting on the patio having some breakfast when the weather is nice would be cool, but for me, not worth the drive it would take to get here.I sampled the breakfast burrito and the croissant sandwich... both were good, but I like the sandwich more.  I had an iced chai tea, which was pretty darn good.  The Hubs had a coffee with no complaints.   All in all everything was "A-OK," but nothing life shattering...
5	Great coffee and deliciously inexpensive breakfast with prompt service in a relaxed neighborhood hangout. Doesn't get any better!
5	literally best cappucino i have had in ages...hands down.. the guy who made my cap knows what he was doing and had some fun art..it was a heart though, wonder if he is telling me something haha
4	Love this place!  Bonus points 'cause it's in my hood.What's not to love about a 32 Shea?  Not just anyone can turn a vacant fast food restaurant in a strip mall parking lot into a top notch coffee shop.  But the awesome doesn't end there.  By day, they are a coffee shop that serves delicious food, has a full bar and some of the coolest, most fun baristas in the city.  By night, 32 Shea is the perfect place to grab a glass of wine and some amazing bruschetta, or the dinner of the day with an delicious craft beer or even a lavosh pizza and a mint lemon drop martini (holy yumminess). The homemade green salsa and bloody mary mix are not to be missed!**Friend 32 Shea on Facebook or follow them on Twitter to make sure you never miss out on the awesome daily deals they offer.  Another bonus is that you will always know what the dinner of the day is!
4	A work associate asked to meet at this place - I had never heard of it.  It's located in a somewhat deserted strip mall. It definitely stands out though, with it's vibrant colors and proximity to 32nd Street. It has a quaint patio, although you do get a bit of street noise. So... I met my associate and to my delight, they also had a full bar (including a great selection of vino). I think the coffee / bar concept is a great and unique one - definitely worth a visit.  The staff and owners were very friendly too.Not sure about the food - only because I didn't order any.
5	can i give 6 stars? yeah yeah i come here often but today is the first time i noticed their herb garden...thats awesome...i might reach over and grab a basil leaf and chomp down...thats not weird right? Jeff and Teresa are my favorite baristas in all the land...hands downoh yeah, go try the holiday drinks, S'more nutella mocha will blow your mind.
5	My friend Sarah and I have been here several times for lunch because we work close by. I absolutely love everything about this place. The owners are super nice, great customer service, amazing food, awesome coffee, cute atmosphere, laid back patio area, and they always have a special going on. I really never went to this corner of Shea and 32nd street until 32 Shea opened up - and boy am I glad. This place can do a lot for the area!
5	I love this place... it's great to have a neighborhood center with good food and great coffee!!  The patio is great all year long.
5	What!? Yelp weekly didn't mention 32 Shea...THEY HAVE S'MORE LATTES!! So yummy. They have great holiday drinks. I also love the peppermint WHITE mocha!
5	LOVE THIS PLACE!  Great food, great drinks, great ambiance and locally owned. I'll be back!
4	Good food, great vibe, excellent attitude. Had driven by here several times after it converted from a drive-thru coffee kiosk, but never stopped in.  Dined there last night on the reco from our movie-and-dinner partners.  It was a little chilly to eat on the outdoor patio by 8:30, but it's nice to know it's there.  Inside was cozy (maybe seating for 30 or so), and funky/hip without being pretentious.  Menu is compact - a handful of foodie-oriented salads, sandwiches and entrees and a daily special entree and lavosh pizza.   Our flatbread appetizers were nicely done.  My gumbo was absolutely delicious. The fresh basil leaves (from the garden outside) were a thoughtful, unexpected and delicious touch. Wife's roast beef sliders were also good. Great selection of local craft beers available.  Server was uber-friendly and helpful. Owner walked over and chatted with us. We'll definitely put it in the rotation.  I wouldn't drive a long way for it, but its a great neighborhood joint for a 5-10 minute drive.
5	Love this place. I get my morning coffee here almost every day. The staff is wonderful. They remember my name every time I come and I have established a great relationship with all the employees. I highly recommend 32 Shea!
5	What a great find!  Bring your pups and hang out in the great outdoor patio.  The vanilla iced latte is amazing and I love the breakfast sandwich.  Ingredients are fresh, quality is great.  The staff is friendly and the music is relaxing.  Love this place!
5	Love this place! The sandwiches are amazing and the bruschetta at dinner time is so yummy. The Nutella Mocha is my favorite drink and the staff is always super friendly. Their outdoor patio is so comfortable and I love that they're dog-friendly!
5	I LOVE this place!!! We found it about two weeks ago and have been there about seven times already. I love getting the daily entree/lavosh pizza on facebook (wish it was posted earlier in the day) and heading in for dinner. I've never been there for morning, only dinner but I love their 1/2 priced wine nights (Mon and Tues) but the best deal is Wednesday for their $20 wine and bruschetta deal. SO worth it! I love the vibe. It is definitely not a place to go for a quick dinner which is actually perfect for us as we like to take our time to enjoy our food and enjoy the ambiance. I simply adore this place and will miss Jen when she makes her move.
2	The drinks were pretty good; I had the dirty chai. The service, was the worst I've ever received. I felt extremely unwelcome and it took 10 minutes to make a couple drinks. During that time, the two people working behind the counter never looked at us and took their sweet time making the drinks. We considered leaving several times. I will not be going back.
5	I absolutely love 32 Shea. I work and live in the area and have fallen in love. My coworkers and I come here at least once a week for lunch. It's simple, quaint, good service, nice atmosphere, and the price point isn't bad at all. We sit on the patio and enjoy the sunshine while we eat our O.M.G. sandwiches - to DIE FOR! Jeff is the guy behind the register most days when we go - he's awesome!You might be surprised to learn where 32 Shea is located. It's in the parking lot of a strip mall that appears run down and deserted at the corner of 32nd Street and Shea Blvd. Prior to the 51 highway, this little section of town got quite a bit of traffic. However, since building the 51 not much traffic gets down to that corner - causing many of the businesses in the area to struggle the past 8 or so years. I'm hopeful that with the success of 32 Shea other businesses will follow suit: great service, good food and good atmosphere creates a successful business. Can't wait to see what's in store for 32 Shea. They're doing their own marketing, creating their own vibe and successful in their efforts so far!
4	Found this place on Yelp after searching for a light breakfast/lunch before heading over to Paradise Valley Mall. 32 Shea is located in the middle of a barren shopping center a few blocks off the 51.I went for the Early Bird Sandwich and a large cappuccino. The portion size was perfect, all of the ingredients tasted fresh, and it was priced well at $4.50. I loved the cappuccino, but next time I have to try the mocha with nutella.Attention tea-drinkers: there is no black iced-tea, only green. My mom wanted black iced-tea, and had them make one of the premium loose-leaf black teas and pour it over ice. I'm not sure what the brand was, but the tea tasted amazing! A little expensive if you're used to standard iced black tea.We ate on the patio with our pup. Nice ambience, you almost forget you're in the middle of a parking lot. If I lived closer, this place would become one of my regular breakfast spots.
3	This place is a cute little cube in the middle of a sad, thrift store parking lot with a drive-thru liquor store. However, they've created a nice atmosphere that is somehow enjoyable. I went for "Happy Hour" and was shocked that their happy hour menu pricing was $9-$10 for a glass of wine! Made me wonder what their prices were normally? Yikes. There were no appetizers or food specials either. However, the place was packed, so apprently they don't need to offer attractive deals to get the after-work crowd. The service was completely overwhelmed and uninformed, but geniuine and sweet and I wasn't in a hurry so it was fine.This is likely a great place for coffee, lunch, etc. But I definitely won't be back for happy hour. There are just too many other places where I can get enjoy a drink after work without going into debt.
4	Fun little place!We went on a weeknight with our pooch and it was surprisingly busy. I love how they renovated and decorated the place. They have a beautiful patio area. It's nice inside but a bit cramped. A loooong time ago it used to be a coffee shack that I used to go to before I went to high school down the street. Definitely a nostalgic area! We started out with the bruschetta and some wine. Wine was decent and the bruschetta was awesome. I was a bit disappointed with the portion of the bruschetta though. I'm used to Postinos board of bruschetta with the same price but twice as big. Barely enough for 2 people to share.We both ordered the entree of the moment which was a shrimp pasta dish, sans shrimp for me. It was delicious. The sauce was so creamy and garlicky. The portion was perfect. However the price isn't listed on the menu and I didn't think to ask. It was a little pricey for a cafe type of environment. Service was warm and friendly. They were great with my dog which always wins brownie points for me. The food did take a very long time to come out though. The bruschetta took about 40 minutes, entree about an hour. Long time for a weeknight. Overall we had a great time. I can't wait to come back and have a leisurely brunch with my hubby and pooch. The breakfast items look amazing (reasonably priced too!) and they have mimosas!
5	This place is wonderful. Good menu. Short but good. Drinks galore. Great girls.
2	My husband and I did not have a good experience here. I saw on the menu online that they have bruschetta, and so I was craving it for about a week. When we walked in, the place was small and very dark.  We seated ourselves, ordered waters, and looked over the menu. The waitress had a bit of a 'tude, and kept asking what drinks we wanted to order. Um, sometimes people just don't want to order a drink. Sue me. So we ordered a plate of bruschetta and the chicken salad to split. The bruschetta was so-so; not quite what I wanted. We got the salami and pesto, goat cheese and cranberry relish and feta, olive and tomato. They were a bit sparse with the toppings. The salad was actually very good, but I wish they used chunk chicken instead of sliced deli meat. Overall I will not be back. I will stick with Postino's.
5	I am in love with this place! It is small but has so much character. The menu is small but the items on it are done very well. The staff is very friendly and I noticed that they knew several customers by name. It is very comfortable with seating at the bar, table or on the patio. It is a great place to swing by after work for a quick drink and convo or dinner. I could see riding my beach cruiser here on the weekends with my dog in tow for an app and drink in the patio. This is a great place and much needed in this area. Well done!!!
5	The food is always top notch and the so are the drinks.  Come to think of it so is the vibe and the service, so I guess that makes it a no brainer.  It has some constants on the menu that are all good and everyday there is a new entree which has always been awesome.  Go check it out, you won't regret it.
5	A total gem in a seemingly run down shopping plaza. This place is cozy, quaint and full of charm and character. I felt like I was in the middle of a trendy neighborhood district in San Francisco as opposed to the barren shopping plaza I actually parked in. My hubs and I arrived at 8:30am on Sunday morning for our monthly brunch and placed our orders also immediately. There were a handful of patrons but we managed to find a table easily. Plus, the patio outside has more tables where you can sit with your four-legged friend (bonus points!) and enjoy the weather. We waited about 10 minutes before our food arrived. I ordered The OMG sandwich which sounded so interesting I couldn't NOT try it. It included prosciutto, marscapone and figs on a tasty ciabatta bread. I was delighted with my sandwich. Yes, I said "delighted" because it was that great of an experience for me. I don't even like sandwiches usually....really, ask my husband! He had the Early Bird sandwich which he said was absolutely delicious. His only complaint was that it was small on the portion size and he could have eaten two more of those things. We were both quick to point out though that we could have gone to Denny's if we wanted quantity and mass production. This place has high quality ingredients and gourmet concoctions. We will definitely be going back! This place apparently is also great for some evening drinks so we look forward to seeing it in that type of setting too.
4	I got a large Americano to go from this place. Price is about right, coffee was good. Better than Bucks, but to me, everything there is burnt. I didn't order food, but many things looked good and the pastries looked great. The service was good, a bit slow. But you know, they used espresso machines where you didn't just push buttons and stuff came out. So, that happens. My only complaint was that inside the cafe it was hot. I'm sure the air hadn't kicked in yet. I'll head back.
5	What an amazing little place! I got the turkey and cranberry sandwich with a coffee today from there and it was to die for! I will definitely be going back for more! We need more little local cafes like this one.
4	My wife and I stop in here about once a week and the staff are always friendly.  Great local place to get a good cup of coffee, tea or baked goods. Quality and quick service.  Nice patio area for when the weather is nice and a drive-thru for on the go service.
1	This cafe is terrible! The drinks are just as expensive as starbucks but don't taste half as good!! The staff is extremely rude and have major queen attitudes, stick with the starbucks across the street. 1 star because it looks pretty on the outside.....
4	Definitely a gem of a place, any Nutella fan would love their Mocha with Nutella (the iced is just as amazing as it is hot). I've eaten the Early Bird sandwich twice for breakfast and enjoy it (it's a great portion size). My friends and I ate on the patio and it's awesome for people who like to bring their dogs! A neighborhood friendly place, and it's one of my favorites. I like their bruschetta for dinner too... and of course the Nutella Marscapone Cheesecake for dessert... Mmmm. Their staff is super busy on Saturday mornings, and can get busy during dinner times too, but they are friendly and nice.
2	I have given this place two chances now. It has a great feel and is close to my home so I was hoping that it would be my new place for business and friend meetings. It has a bistro feel to it but doesn't want to be a friendly, hang out, bistro type of place. The staff is inattentive and rude. The food is decent but nothing special and I have to pay full price for an iced tea each time I want a refill. I try not to be cheap but that's $2.25 each time I fill up with plain old green tea. Perhaps the last straw was sitting in the patio area and watching the owner ask two people who had settled in with their two beautiful and well behaved dogs to move from a table with four chairs to a table with two when the place was nowhere near full. Then watching as she moved the umbrella that was shading our table back to another table almost knocking people and drinks over in the process.  This could be a great place but it needs a major attitude adjustment.
5	Hey all! I wanted to write in because my hubby and I moved close by 32 Shea and just love it - the food, wine, the dark but cozy atmosphere and even the service. I don't understand the reviews that go on about the servers having poor attitudes. We've never felt a negative vibe. On the contrary, the servers and owner know our names and even our baby's name. It's so great to have a place that's not the typical chain in your neighborhood. I recommend 32 for sure!
4	I usually don't review a place after only going once, since being burned several times in the past, but I was so impressed by the quality of the sandwich, I had to say It was very, very good. I will be back next time I am in the area or go out of my way if I really feel like a fresh, delicious sandwich.
1	How disappointing my last visit here, and it was entirely attributed to the staff. These two girls (new since my last visit there) work there who have no concept of waiting on people, let alone running a business. They seemed more interested in chatting with their friends hanging out there then servicing customers. I sat there for ten minutes and neither of them bothered to even acknowledge me. What a shame that the good food and drink and nice ambience of the place has been ruined by an incompetent staff. It was like the place has been taken over by high schoolers. Too many other wine bars are out there that provide consistent customer service for me to bother returning to this place ever again.
5	Thirty-Touche'!!!The Mint Lemondrop Martini is THE BEST martini in town!  A little frothy, not too sweet, great flavor and it packs a punch!  I come here often for happy hour and wish there were a few bar type munchies on the menu to go with the great drinks.  So, instead I get a sandwich and I'm good for the evening - love the turkey with cranberries.  The toasted cibatta bread gives crunch and texture.I'm glad this is my 'hood. Looking forward to when everything else nearby updates to this standard.  They also have events to promote community, look for the mommy and me, dog days, etc.  Love patronizing our local indy businesses who work this hard to make a dream come true!
5	We really like having a nice neighborhood place that can serve a great glass of wine as well as a terrific breakfast burrito!
5	10/2 update - My husband and I went here for dinner a couple weeks ago.  The food and wine were fantastic and a great value.  We ate inside - what a cozy, friendly atmosphere, and the service was superb.  It felt like family but without all the annoying family members.   Also on our way in, we noticed the misters on the patio so maybe we were too dumb and/or oblivious to notice them on our previous visit.  All in all, a yummy, romantic, fun dinner so I've upgraded it a star.  We will be back!  Btw if you like serious food porn and occasionally Facebook only specials, like them on Facebook.  **********************************We enjoyed brunch here today and would give this more stars if the service had been better.  The food and drinks were great.  I had the yogurt and granola which was yummy.  My husband had the breakfast croissant which he said was good.  We topped it off with mimosas and a cappuccino.  Prices are reasonable.  The place is as everyone else has described - totally unexpected cute, cozy place in a rundown shopping center.  We had our dogs so sat on the patio which is nice and makes you feel you aren't next to a busy intersection but really needs misters.One guy at the counter was great though harried.  He was efficient, very enthusiastic and nice, even bringing treats for our dogs.  The girl - not so much.  She wasn't friendly, was way in the weeds in terms of service, and for some reason, felt it appropriate to yell at the nice guy in front of all the customers.  Apparently there was some separation of duties that he wasn't respecting, but it was clear she was in the weeds badly and needed help.  We were really happy to support a local business and will go here again.  They do need to address the service issues as several reviewers have pointed out.  The drive-thru was constantly busy while we were there, and there was a good crowd inside.  We were the only ones on the patio.  They need to find a balance between serving the drive-thru and inside customers.  I cannot imagine how they could've handled it if the patio and inside were full in addition to the drive-thru.One last thing - I think they could turn the music volume down just a touch.  All in all, we enjoyed our visit and will definitely be back!
4	This place is always a hit. Even when you don't know what you want, they will help you decide. The baristas always have great recommendations. Often times I tell them what I am in the mood for, often times I let them know I love Nutella, and they give me suggestions. They also will make just about anything on the menu and mix it up for ya! This past time they mixed up a mocha freezeacino with nutella. Pretty darn good, tasted less watered down than sbux.I have gotten a S'mores coffee (not that great) but you know what? Its the thought that counts, what other coffee shop has a drive thru, local bakery items, friendly and helpful baristas that dont rush you in ordering, and unique drink ideas? HMM 32 Shea does. Come here, check out the variety, and the local flavors. You wont be upset that you did.Located over on the Northwest Plaza on Shea and 32nd just past the 51 freeway. Go there. Tomorrow morning..
5	Very small, but wonderful food and wine. Some of the staff mentioned that they worked previously at Bomberos Cafe & Wine Bar (now Timo's Wine Bar).The concept of this place is killer.
5	Super cute place!  We had the OMG and Stacked Turkey wichcrafts.  (sandwiches).  I actually caught myself saying "Oh, my, god!" at my first bite.
5	Sandwiches are the friggin bomb!
5	Great place for coffee! They offer both soy and almond milk and have a wide range of syrups. The drive through moves pretty quick but it can get a little backed up on a Friday.
5	Who doesn't like a small hands on family business and in my case the best place to go for my craving for Pinapple /coconut muffins; among others fresh from the oven!  Although I'm not there every day even; with my  visits they know my first name and what coffee fix and muffin I crave.       Its nice to see smiling faces in the a.m.I took my very touchy, food nut girlfriend there for lunch and she loved the sandwich, score!!! one!!! as she is hard to please. Mine was very fresh, tasty and the service was great.  This is a busy place, it is small with a limited menu but that menu has very good items on it.  Like home made food! Being from small town Iowa (Go Boji) I want that warm family feel that 32 Shea gives me; along with smiles, great food and conversations with people that feel the same. So if you like the small town warm feeling, great food and banana bread, muffins and Great coffee drinks served with smiles for a smiley a.m. Always great people to chat with from all walks of life.Make 32 Shea your stop, support small business with Great coffee, food and yummy muffins and banana bread!!  Plus if you sit and drink coffee you will probably be talking to some very well known people without a clue to who they are.
5	Who knew this small, almost overlooked little building had potential to grow up and become so sophisticated? The owner really did a wonderful job transforming this place - I went to high school right down the street and remember not stopping into the place it was previously because it made me feel so claustrophobic. This is a perfect example of making the best use of a small space. It's beautiful, modern, and surprisingly bigger than expected inside.My boyfriend and I are regulars here - and even though we've moved out of the area we still make the drive up as frequently as the price of gasoline will allow us. Last time I stopped in, the barista greeted me like I was his sister who just came back from a year abroad - never have I felt so welcomed to a place. He showered me with compliments and expressed genuine happiness and gratitude for stopping in knowing that I no longer live near by.In addition to great staff, the food/drinks are DELICIOUS.I'll just list off my favorites:- open face grilled cheese (hot, open face caprese sandwich)- 3 diff types of bruschetta: brie + apple + honey                                                 tomato + basil + balsamic glaze                                                 gorgonzola + banana peppers + sun dried tomato- nutella cheesecake for dessert (and I don't even like cheesecake)- Shea Breeze (cocktail)- Iced chai w/ almond milk (their chai is very unique - so good)Bonuses: Wednesdays are $20 for a bottle of wine + bruschetta, and sometimes they do "Free Nutella Fridays" where you can add Nutella to any drink for free. Also, if you "like" them on Facebook they post their daily dinner menu - they have a solid menu but they feature a new dinner entree every day. Including a veggie option as well. If you like to be involved with places and keep track of specials I'd highly recommend that!32 Shea is BY FAR my favorite restaurant/coffee shop in North Phoenix. Truly a gem to the area that lacks a lot of independent/local options.
1	Update. Tonight the owner of this place saw my hubby and I at a Thai place and remembered us apparently. Thought it was funny after 8 months she recalled my bad review even called it entertaining. And paid our bill for dinner and added 10 straws. Guess she misses us!!!!!   Thanks for the dinner Rebecca. until today I would of given this place 3 to 4 stars, I liked that it was a local business. My husband and I went to this spot once a week for almost a year now, even made this the place to go to start my 40th birthday. despite having to send my food back once and getting the wrong drink once or twice I came back and chalked that up to basic mistakes.Today the owner came out of left field on me using 2 straws and that it was costing her a lot of money and as a business owner I should respect her and only use 1 straw. my hubby even joked ok we will go to Dunkin Donuts then and she said you should. At first I thought she was kidding, but she wasnt. Really you would rather loose 2 loyal customers who come to you and have recommended you to others over 2 extra straws per week? if that hits your bottom line.. I am totally schocked at this and will NEVER go back now. Too bad Iove supporting local companies and such but apparently you would rather have the 2 cents than the 20 to 40 we spend there a week plus tipping your staff.
5	I can't really add anything to the exceptional reviews 32 Shea has earned. I'll just say that I wish I lived closer so I could stop in more often. Integrity in service, great vibe and local. Keep doing what you're doing, guys.
5	Darn good coffee!
5	great pet friendly patio. fun place to hang out.
4	I was meeting a friend in the  area and after checking on Yelp, decided this is a place to go. When I first saw the place I was surprised, wondering if there is any space inside coz sitting outside in August is huge no-no. Luckily, there was enough room and I got there just minutes before it got too crowded.Bottom line is I really liked the place. It is nice, urban, cool and most importantly not Starbucks (or Coffee Bean). Cappucino is great, finally got a nice drink in a mug! I like the menu, I like the atmosphere and I will definitely be back. Can't wait for cooler weather to try out the patio as well.
4	A long overdue update to say that they actually DO have great $5 glasses of wine for happy hour. They just had different shift staff working the night that I went. Still a cute and casual place for a nice HH chat. I'm a fan.
5	I'm following their facebook for updates, this is really a nice place.
1	If you go to the place and spend hundreds of $$$ over the course of a couple years......don't expect more the $5 off your second bottle on Tuesday.........even if the online ad doesn't mention that....And if  you complain.......you will be thrown out and police called.PatheticVery. Rude. Owner.Enough said.
1	1 star is being generous after our last experience here.  Cant say enough great things about the bartender Josh, and servers Rachel and Darcy.... Its too bad that we wont get to experience their services because of the owner.  The owner may know how to light up an open sign, hire great employees, and set a great atmosphere... but she lacks class and needs to know what customer service stands for.  Im all about supporting small business and local businesses at that... but I will not support a classless piece of trash.  We were regulars there bringing in friends family and referring this place to anyone we could.  I will never go there again and dont think it is appropriate to treat customers the way she did us.  Not only did she eavesdrop on our quiet conversation, but then she butts in to tell us that we are being rude talking about how we disagree about her not advertising that only the 1st bottle is half off wine night but fails to tell us until after we have ordered 2 bottles.  Common courtesy would have been to tell us that the 2nd bottle is only $5  off when we ordered the 2nd bottle.... not wait til we question later and she wants to point to the menu stating the fine print says otherwise.  Im sorry, but i didnt look at a menu to look for the fine print when i see your Half off bottle wine night posted all over facebook.  But besides the fact,  after the disagreement, she proceeds to tell us that if we dont like it, we can leave.  Fair enough.....  let us finish our wine we bought and we will never be back.  She then threatens to call the cops if we dont leave that moment.  Unnecessary!  we werent causing a scene.  She made the scene on her own.  I will take my group of 7 that visits there 2-3 times a week and support another business.   In an economy like today, a business owner like herself should really take a step back and see where she will be if she continues to treat loyal customers and/or new customers like she did us.  I work with small business owners on a daily basis,,, and they arent successful by treating their customers rudely.  She should take this feedback as a gift.
4	I discovered this place three months ago and keep going back.  Whether I go in the AM for a jolt, noon for a great lunch or in the eve for a cocktail and light dinner I am always very pleased.  Their creativity and use of quality,fresh and local products is very much appreciated.  After owning ten restaurants over 30 years, I think I am pretty savy when it comes to food and service and this place blows me away.  The other thing that blows me away are people who use this platform to slam businesses who don't meet their particular expectations. I am not talking about critiquing the food, service or ambiance, I am referring to the haters who are more often than not, rude and demanding, if not just ignorant, refusing to read the menu, ask questions and just expect everything to be as THEY think it should be,and if their expectations aren't met want it for free. They should work a shift as an owner, manager or server. Over my 30 years I threw out many a rude guest, ( although I am sure they thought they were right in their justifiably deserved attitude) out of support and respect for my hard working employees. Luckily I sold my restaurants before Yelp became so popular. I love Yelp because it helps me find new places that I might otherwise might not, but I hate it because it encourages HATERS and gives them a platform to complain, making them feel like they got the last word. I guarantee you that this place will be around for a long time. Its trend setting and the owner and staff execute at a level rarely experienced in a small, local establishment.
5	Lovely night!!! Perfect weather outside now, and you have the option of inside the cafe or outside in their lovely patio!! We picked the patio area, open aired, and not noisy at all, being that it's close to the street. Great customer service!! A++_ Delicious food, we ordered the Mango Shrimp!! Oh soo delightful with well proportioned mango squares, avocado, cilantro and lime!!! YUM!! ** Oh and we also went with the Tuesday special, which was Bruschetta and your pick of Wine, for the Bruschetta, you can pick three and we chose, the Fresh Mozzarella + Basil + Tomato, also the Brie + Apples + Honey and the famous Prosciutto + Mascarpone + Figs + Honey!!! OH SOO YUM!! An explosion of full flavors inside your mouth, everything from sweet to sour!!!  :) What a Great Combo, as for wine, we went with their ever soo fruity New Age, Torrentes!! Which was indeed a great pick!!! Fully satisfied!!! :)
5	This place is awesome! Food is great and so are the drinks. I ordered the bruscetta and the moscow mule, they were great! This is a great place to sit on the patio. I wish I had known about this place sooner.
5	Cute small place ! Love the vibe ! Very laid back and we had a great dinner ! The honey, Brie, apple bruschetta is yummy yum yum ! I had the raspberry chicken salad for dinner , also very yummy ! Over all a great place for a low key, nice dinner :)
5	Went in to pick up something to go because I heard the food was great. Boy were they right! The staff was very friendly and helpful and the place was really cool. You would never know you were in the middle of a parking lot of a strip mall. So cool!  Best roast beef sandwich ever. Can't wait to go back and try the coffee and other menu items. Thanks 32 Shea!!
5	You guys get 5 stars for the friendly service.  Never been in here and not been taken care of by a very friendly staff
4	My neighborhood actually has a top tier cafe! I'm very excited about this place. It has everything: Great decor, unique menu, hi-quality food and beverage, too-cool-for-school hipster staff. I really have enjoyed everything I have consumed there. Every Saturday morning I get an iced chai latte, large, DIRTY! (double espresso shot). It gets my day going. They don't get 5 stars, solely because the hipster attitude comes across rude sometimes. Not a major deal, but 5 stars equals perfection to me. Keep up the great work! FYI: 32 Shea has a liquor license, so their drink menu is just as awesome.
5	I haven't had the food yet, but they make a mean cappuccino.
4	If you are a) in a hurry or b) claustrophobic, just turn around. Turn around now and RUN. You will be sitting close enough to hear the wisdom of neighboring randoms in love with the sound of their own voice. (A favorite quote from the next table: "If you want to be CEO, you gotta get your MBA.")You will wait. A long time. A disproportionately long time. Your server is super friendly and kind, but harried and unapologetic, even when shrimp end up in your dinner uninvited. ("Oh, oops, good thing you're not allergic to shellfish.......... are you?")The wine and beer list? Meh. Abbreviated.The menu? Bruschetta, salads, light sandwiches: your typical wine bar fare.So why in the eff is the place so successful? Location, location, location. What would be average in Arcadia is novel and exciting in 85028. Really. There is nothing else like it in this part of the valley and for that it wins. Its patio is big, decor is cute, food is decent, and it is god damn chic and exciting if you are used to Applebee's. So why does 32 SHEA garner four generous stars? BECAUSE THE NUTELLA MARTINI IS PROOF THAT GOD EXISTS. Pure. Genius.
4	Met a friend for beers at 32 Shea recently and was really charmed and impressed with the place. It's clearly more of a coffee shop, but really just an all-around nice little neighborhood gathering spot. I'm sure I'll be back next time I'm in the area.
5	Good times. Good wine.
5	They have the best breakfast burritos.  The sauce has a lot of fresh garlic and it is quite a treat.  There is no better coffee in the valley.  Generally, I drink my coffee black but sometimes their rotating seasonal lattes are too tempting!  Enjoy.
4	I'm currently working on getting in contact with the owner to change the name of this establishment to "JESUS CHRIST" due to the fact I exclaim that after each bite of their delicious culinary delights .  The menu item in particular I am referring to is the OMG!  I never thought OMG would be something I would say on the regular or even adapt into my daily vocab but this sandwich could be called a "shit sandwich" and I would still rave about it.  So basically no matter how dumb the name is the sandwich, its glory overshadows that.  The OMG for those who don't know is "Prosciutto, Mascarpone, Fig + Honey" now what that does is create a flavor explosion in your mouth similar to a pinata but less violent and more delicious.  I cant speak for breakfast or dinner items yet although the "Crispy Lavosh Pizza of the Moment" catches my eye cause I love that its named that, I will be going back to try more items.  The only reason I gave this place 4 instead of 5 stars is the coffee was good but didn't blow me away, I blame that on people building it up too much but that OMG sandwich will either change your life or save it, get it now!
3	I'm a little confused about all the 5 star reviews. I've been in a few times and used the drive thru a few others. Coffee is good, a little better than sbux. The idea is great, the feel is great. The execution... leaves something to be desired. I don't even get why they have the drive thru. They don't have a speaker to give your order. So basically you have to pull up to the window to get your order in. This creates huge problems if there are a few cars in front of you. I've spent over 20 minutes in this drive thru or waiting off to the side while they prepare the food or drink. The delay wouldn't be an issue if I were inside relaxing, but if speed isn't going to be a priority, then just skip the drive thru all together. Long story short, visit this place over sbux as long as time isn't an issue.
4	What a cool place!  I stopped in this week for a hot tea and a bite to eat.  The staff was super friendly, the decor is quaint, the atmosphere is really relaxed and the food/drinks were amazing!  Can't wait to come back and check-out the pet friendly patio when it gets warmer.
5	We have been coming here for a while now and we love it every time. Paul is the best and makes the best mimosas! We always get a mimosa and beer when we come. When we wake up early enough, we always get the new mexico burrito with bacon added. The green sauce that come with it is amazing! During lunch, we will get the chicken raspberry salad or the stacked turkey with bacon added. It's a cozy place and they always have fun music playing. I come here hungover to get mimosas and one time I even ordered just a beer with a plate of bacon. The staff is always friendly and go out of their way to make whatever you want!
1	My sisters and I decided to do lunch here this past Sunday. It was freezing (for Az) outside and the windows were wide open. We sat at a table that still had not been cleaned yet, by the open window. 1. No one ever came over to clean up and we had to bus it ourselves 2. we got yelled at for closing the window. We closed the window b/c the wind was blowing in. The guy actually yelled across the room to yell at us..."ummm... could you not touch our window's?" Really??!!! Shut-up geek.  3. $1 extra for a piece of lettuce and paper thin cucumber 4. I could have had a better sandwich and experience...well anywhere else but here.
3	Great place, great food, coffee and mimosas!  Too bad the drama queen making coffee drove off no less than 4 people in the short time I was there.  If a busy morning of making coffee is enough to ruin your life maybe consider another career.  Major attitude from this guy makes the aumbiance uncomfortable to say the least.  I witnessed one lady ask if "he was having a bad day or if he was an a$$hole all the time!"  Yikes.  If you want a good coffee and a great breakfast burrito with a side of major attitude this is your spot!
5	I have been going here since they opened and everyone who works there is great and its always nice to talk to everyone both the employees and customers. The coffee and food are great, I have had coffee all over North America and this definitely ranks high for me.
5	Love love love! Great location, perfect for a post-hike quick bite, and so enjoyable during the beautiful winter months in Arizona! I enjoyed a breakfast burrito, which was the perfect size, and my mom really enjoyed her salad (turkey, walnut, fruit, etc.). I also got an Americano which was very tasty. The crew was very busy, but still polite and fun! Couldn't recommend this place more for friends looking for a great stop before or after a hike! They are a wine bar at night, and I'd love to experience that.
5	Finally tried something new at 32 SHEA. I have been stuck on the roast beef sammie for a while because it is so good. I tried the BLT yesterday and it was awesome as well. Thanks again 32 SHEA!
3	I really want to like this place. I've been going pretty regularly for over a year and a half. Here's what I think:PROS: - The quality of food and drinks is vastly superior to any other coffee place you'll find in this area. They have very a very creative coffee drink selection.- The New Mexico breakfast burrito is a revelation. The salsa that comes with it is inspired.- Every cocktail, wine and lunch/dinner item I've ever had has been great.- The was once a young guy who worked there in the morning that was sweet and wonderful and totally brightened my day. CONS:- I get a ton of attitude from almost everyone that works there, despite the fact that I tip 20% or more every time I come. I generally feel like a burden to them. Depending on who comes to the window when I pull up, sometimes I'll just order a regular coffee because I think it will be quicker and less burdensome.- There is something about their regular coffee that  is just WAY too acidic for me. I ask for a dark roast, but it doesn't taste anything like a dark roast. It is so acidic that I often question whether someone could have actually slipped lemon juice into the coffee.- Too many times, they have not gotten my order right. They have given me the wrong muffin several times and just generally don't give me what I ask for. For example, today I ordered an americano with an inch of almond milk in it. I would never expect anyone to measure exactly, but I can tell you they put less than a tablespoon of almond milk in there and no where near an inch, leaving me with an overwhelmingly lemony, acidic americano that I'm just barely choking down now.This place has a lot of great qualities, but ultimately, I'm tired of paying and tipping just so they can get my order wrong and treat me like a piece of trash.
4	Yesterday was one of those days. After work, I told myself, "B*tch, you need a drink!" So I've been dying to try the Nutella Espresso Martini at 32 Shea...this drink is fantabulous! I had two along with a Chicken Raspberry Salad. Delicious. If it weren't for a group run later that same evening I would have stayed and tried a slice of the Nutella Mascarpone Cheesecake.It's not even Noon and I'm craving a Nutella Espresso Martini -- give me strength Patron Saint of All Things Nutella!!!!
4	This place was cozy and cute. We sat outside at a table for two, and it was perfect. I loved the atmosphere and the ambiance. the only issue I had was that when loud cars and motorcycle drove by, it completely drowned out the conversation. (That's why I have given the place 4 instead of 5 stars.)I ordered the Nutella Espresso Martini because I love Nutella, espresso, and Irish Creme, and as promised, it was worth the wait. I also got a chop salad, which wasn't really anything to write home about, but the martini was definitely worth going for. Definitely go for the drinks, if nothing else!
3	This place might be a hidden gem- I was super excited to go and get my morning drink on, this lovely Sunday morning, after driving by it nearly every weekday on my way to work. My 'large' tea was more like what a Medium would be over at Coffee Bean. My husband said the same about his Pistachio-Mocha Latte. I thought his latte tasted like... milk. He loved it though because he thinks flavored lattes are usually sickeningly sweet. My Tropical Green Tea tasted pretty good (best ever is Cartel Coffee's tea), I just wish I had ordered two of them (basically- I wish the sizes were more generous, as prices are right in line with Coffee Bean.) I WILL be back though- this place has such a cool vibe. Overall I am certain it's worth a second trip, I just hope it blows my hair back next time.
1	Horrible customer service. I ordered a side of tomatoes and avocado along with my coffee. As I pulled up to he window they told me they could not give me my side of vegetables because they had nothing to put it in? I said really you don't have a cup, plate, napkin, foil?  He said no we don't have anything like that, as he hands me my coffee IN A CUP. He then asked me if I wanted my veggies in a burrito. No was my reply of coarse. He obviously didn't understand I was trying to be healthy.. that is irrelevant though! Give the customer what they want! Tgis was a SIMPLE REQUEST. There was absolutely no excuse for refusing to give me a side of veggies. Its not like I was trying to get it for free, I was going to pay of coarse. This man was either slightly mentally handicapped or just plain rude. I am boycotting this place
2	Ok I'm gonna be honest with my yelpers, I was a little disappointed that a few were highlighting the New Mexican Burrito. Except for one that called it a formed egg burrito which made me laugh but was the most accurate. I finally took the time to drive out to 32 Shea after being excited about it for so long. I honestly went for the coffee but recent reviews were highlighting the food. I ordered the Nutella mocha &New Mexican burrito. I give it 2 stars for the mocha because it was just ok. Nothing special from my standpoint as I'm always looking for that distinct flavor of espresso but it was not to be so. However the New Mexican burrito was just SAD!!! A formed egg, bacon that looks like its from Wendy's bacon, and potatoes on a store bought package of tortillas. Seriously yelpers the McDonald's burritos have more flavor than that! Ok I'll get off the New Mexican burrito because the salsa was actually pretty good. The mocha wasn't bad just didn't really standout. I probably won't be back. Cartel, Echo, Nami are better spots.
4	Though the service is a little slow....we really don't mind because they have a very nice/mostly shaded patio. My boyfriend and I stumbled across this place on accident and am so glad we found it. There menu is simple and delicious...nothing too fancy and prices are great. I've never gone through the drive through, we always sit on the patio and enjoy our tropical tea or coffee. They also have a full bar which is different! We went on the weekend both times..Saturday and Sunday and was pleased that we could order breakfast until 12pm. We'll definitely be back again and may enjoy a cocktail next time!
5	LOVE THIS PLACE:The people are very friendly and make you feel like you are a regular customer. The atmosphere is great. Quite frankly, this place seems a little out of place because the shopping center in which it is located is quite worn. In that sense, 32 Shea is like an oasis in the desert.The owner was training 2 new people that day. So, things were a little slow. However, I was impressed with how they handled the lunch rush. They communicated well about the expectations, but I did not hear any excuses even when someone's order was incorrect (girl's 1st day). Still, they resolved the issue, and the guest seemed pleased with the resolve.
5	I've visited this place twice, both after work. I've enjoyed bruschetta and happy hour cocktails at the bar as well as on the patio. I've also sampled their pizza of the day. Everything I've tried has been phenomenal. Our service has always been excellent, very attentive and good at making recommendations. The vibe of the place is great and the patio is quite happening.My only critique is that it is so tiny, but I guess that adds to the cozy feel. And to be fair, I've never had to wait for a table.I want to try everything on the menu. I can't say that about a lot of places. If I had the money, I'd definitely be a regular at this place.P.S. They make a mocha with Nutella in it. I haven't tried it yet, but I find myself pondering its glory often.
2	The service here is non-existent.  We were seated 6 inches away from another table, after being told we couldn't sit at a different table, because there were only two of us and this particular table had 3 chairs. Then we waited for a long time for a server to come, which never happened.   Finally just got up and left.  Very disappointed.
5	My favorite little restaurant around my neighborhood! The best turkey sandwich EVER (turkey stack). The staff always greets us Sunday morning when we come grab our usual!  Mocha is great too!
4	32 SHEA is a fun little coffee shop. Great atmosphere and fun staff. This was the first place I ever had Nutella in my coffee. So Yummy! Check it out!
5	Happy hour here is one word: GLORIOUS!  The $5 wine and their gimlet make me smile. The spinach artichoke dip is way too delicious to be fair. Although my thighs say no, I can not avoid that dip. The nutella cheesecake completely rocks my world and brings me joy. The place is deceiving from the outside as it is tiny and in the parking lot of a strip mall. However, don't be deceived. Relax on the patio and enjoy all that 32 Shea has to offer.
1	I was not impressed.  This was my first visit to this establishment as well as my last.  The two employees working did not have enough respect to even say hello.  We sat ourselves and waited while we continued to be ignored.  After a few minutes it was time to leave.  Just as when we arrived, we left without do much as a goodbye.Maybe if they last long enough this memory will be buried deep in my subconsciousness and I'll give it another try.  I don't suggest holding your breath though.
1	Food was great but the owner was very rude to her staff and that was off putting from the start.  They forgot my daughters bagel so I had to wait in line, order was screwd up again so I had to wait in line again to have it fixed.  I then waited in line for five minutes just for a refill of water so I don't think we will be coming back.
4	32Shea used to be a drive through coffee business.  The coffee is still yummy and the drive-in  remains open through lunch.  The kitchen and eating area inside are tiny - maybe 8 tables. The menu includes homemade baked goods, sandwiches, many on fresh ciabatta, salads, and a single entree each night... it's a tiny kitchen. I have tasted about half the menu items, including caprese, bruchetta, different daily flatbread pizzas and haven't found one I didn't like.One unexpected aspect is a bar with an excellant selection of alcohal. My favorite is a a minted lemon drop martini. My friend enjoys a manhattan or Crown Royal.  They serve an honest pour.Outside is an enclosed patio which is dog friendly. It's a great place to relax, listen to the occasional band, or read a book.When you go in, it's easiest to order at the register. Then they bring your food to you. The staff is friendly and informed. You do have to get their attention once in a while, but it is worth it.Enjoy!
5	READ THIS FIRST:  If you are looking for a high volume, quick place to get a massive quantity of coffee, and a huge indoor space to stretch out and sit for hours using their WiFi, this is NOT the place for you.  For the past 2 years my husband and I drove past the little place at 32nd Street and Shea wanting to try it.  However, we were addicted to the green mermaid and her infinite helpings of caffeinated drinks.  We could get in and get out without much interaction from the staff or clientele.  After speaking to several people who work in the area, we decided to stop in one Saturday morning for a mini-date.  It was the best choice we've made with regards to restaurants in a very long time.  This place is small, dark and cozy, with an eclectic menu, music, vibe, and customer base.  Now, reading other reviews, we noticed that there was a common theme: people who sat themselves and waited for employees.  When you enter the establishment, there is a bar and cashier where all ordering is done.  No one will come to your table with a menu.  When we entered we were greeted immediately.  The menu is behind the bar, so we stood checking out our possibilities.  The space is small, so people patiently wait in line inside and outside.  We ordered the Mexican Burrito, the Croissant Sandwich, and the green apple and brie danish to split.  The burrito was flavorful, as was the croissant sandwich.  But the green apple and brie danish blew our socks off.  We had two drinks: the hot mocha and a cold white chocolate mocha and lavender freezachino.  Yes, I said lavender.  It is an incredibly refreshing summer drink.  We sat ourselves and waited for our food.  The restaurant was about half full with regular patrons whom the owner and staff greeted by name.  Within a half-hour it was packed. People sat both inside and on the outside patio.  When the customer migration slowed, we had a chance to talk to the owner.  We complimented her food and ambiance.  32 reminds us of some of the coffee places we stop at in San Francisco:  great food, great vibe, great people, all local.The second time we came for lunch.  We ordered the Le Grande Tuna and the Juicy Roast Beef.  Both great sandwiches, but the roast beef is now a favorite.  It is a warm roast beef with melted Munster cheese, creamy horseradish sauce on a Ciabatta roll.  To die for!  I had the lavender white mocha again and my husband had the caramel freezachino.  So far we can say  we have not been disappointed with any of the food or drinks.  The coffee never tastes burnt!  I can't say that about other places.  They have a local roaster where they get their coffee and he does a fantastic job.  This time we sat at the bar.  There were 4 or 5 of us.  Pretty soon we were all talking to each other and the wait staff.  Human interaction?  Who knew it could be that good?We are now regulars.  We have realized that there are limitations to the order and serving process, simply because of the size of the establishment.  Once you get past that, you will realize what a little gem this is.  32 also has a drive through.  It is nothing to see 2 cars patiently waiting for some one to run their order out.  I think the key word is PATIENCE.  If you want something quick and snappy, please don't punish this place with your bad review.  The second word to consider is LOCAL.  If you want the quick menus with prepackaged food, move on.  The food is really good and meant to be enjoyed. Why only 4 stars, we have not tasted everything on the menu nor have been there in the evening. Also, it is tiny.  I can't really fault them though for that.   When we return for an evening date and finish the menu, I will gladly switch my rating.**So, sit down, relax and stay a while.  Order first though and be reminded that good things come to those who wait.**Added 8/2013  Yesterday was my birthday.  With the least amount of personal detail, I shall say that I have a history for sucky birthdays. I have come to avoid them as much as possible.  For this birthday, however, we were going to start a new tradition and try make them better.  I began my day at 32.  Once again, the food was fabulous.  The honey, apple and brie danish causes me to have cravings even now.  What made me change my star count wasn't the meal itself, but what I experienced.  Barista Luke first greeted me with a big  "Happy Birthday!"  Apparently, my husband told him the day before and he remembered.  Then, as we were leaving the owner, Rebecca, and Barista Paul came out from behind the counter and gave me a great big birthday hug.  I was so touched. Two of my siblings failed to contact me on my birthday, but I got a group hug at 32.  These people have become my friends. They watch out for me.  The know my children. Every meal is filled with greetings, good conversation and friendly banter.  The food is great, but the people are amazing!  If that's not worth a 5th star, I don't know what does.
5	I have been frequenting 32 Shea for years. Each and every time is a wonderful experience. Today I asked if they had any gluten free bread. Low and behold they started offering it today and it was goooooood! I love their tuna salad and now I have the option of tuna salad too!
3	Oh i hate to do this, (food and drink quality is still good). 32 has been my favorite spot for awhile now for coffee.  Now where do i start on my new review... I struggled between 2 or 3 stars, but i am being biased and letting them live with the 3 instead.I haven't been to 32 in 2 weeks, and decided to stop by and get some drinks with my wife. When we get there it is all new people working there, that is a little depressing. I will reminisce that the first baristas i met here have been hands down my favorite and none have filled the shoes they left.Back to my experience.. I have my loyalty card with one punch left. That means my wife and I only need to pay for one of our drinks! Yay! Sounds like my day is going pretty well. The next event was waiting for this girl who was just tinkering on the Ipad to get done and greet us and get our orders. We order or drinks, and she says "I can't give you your free drink."I was just honestly confused and stunned so i didn't say anything.girl-"You are doing this in one purchase right?me-"yes...." at this point in my head i am thinking...WHAT!?!? it has NEVER been like that..for the 3 or so years i have been coming here it has NEVER been like that...girl-"well you can do it in two transactions"me- "yeah do that." ... at this point to prevent me from being over involved in this conversation i flip open my phone and wait for her to figure this all outThe girl turns to the person working on the bar and asks some question about the situation. YAY it's the manager working at the bar, finally a familiar face. She was as confused as i was about the situation.girl- "well i don't want to give them a double discount, a punch in the card and a free drink"At this point i just space out because this is the most ridiculousness i have heard. NO WHERE does that,  or acts like that...let alone in front of a customer. Granted i did not say anything else and just got my drink and left. WOW...i just don't even want to express how sad this is for me that 32 is starting to be one of "THOSE" places
2	Stopped in at 32 Shea for some lunch.  The people were friendly . Had the tuna sandwich with green apple  which was quite bland. I really wanted to like this place and may give it another try. The neighborhood needs more unique places like this.
4	I got the turkey cranberry sandwich and mint lemon drop martini- both very yummy!!! Everyone we were with liked the food they got. Cute place but very small! We had 5 adults and 2 babies so we needed to sit outside and rearrange the tables to fit but it wasn't too bad since it wasn't that busy.
4	No stars for the air conditioning in 32 Shea. I was sweating like the day I got married throughout my visit.The beer selection is limited, but if you like a good pilsner, they serve Grand Canyon which is a fairly decent brew. I paired it with the bruschetta. Upon entering, you'll marvel at their ingenuity....getting fifteen or so tables to fit in a space smaller than a Catholic confessional. Kudos to you guys. I felt like we were all part of a human sweat-lodge experiment.My server was friendly, and patronizing. I like that. "You're cute" will get you a nice tip. I'm not cute and I know it. So did everyone else at our little table when eyebrows raised, signaling she's out of her fucking mind. If you don't mind being pressed nuts to butts with strangers, I strongly recommend this place if for no other reason than to try their bruschetta combo plate. It's divine.Four solid stars for someone telling me I'm cute. If she only knew, I'm shallow too.
4	Tiny little place but I was very impressed. I've passed by this place 100 times and finally got to try it. My boyfriend and I went for breakfast. I got the Early Bird Sandwich and he had the New Mexico burrito. Both were great, but the burrito was the stand-out. Seating inside is a little cramped. There's a big patio which I'm sure would be awesome during cooler weather. The service was great. Staff was friendly and willing to answer questions, explain the menu and offer suggestions.
5	4 words.I. LOVE. THIS. PLACE.Food, coffee, inviting staff.. just awesome
5	I LOVE this place! All the staff are friendly and know my name and drink. They also have great food and strong drinks for dinner, and a convenient drive thru until the afternoon. Support local and check out this place.
4	I have been to 32 Shea for breakfast, lunch, and dinner, and the occasional coffee pick me up. The food has always been great. The one time there was a problem and I sent back my breakfast sandwich, it was remade quickly and correctly and delivered with an apology. The staff is typically chatty and friendly. I think I have tried most of their bruschettas and they have all been excellent. Salads are good sized, fresh, and delicious. The atmosphere is pleasant and fun. Overall I just enjoy everything about 32 Shea.
4	Unique - Tiny - Charming.  Literally a tiny box building plopped in the middle of a parking lot. Not connected, just there... like it used to be a water jug fill-up place, or could have been a tiny drive through of some sort. Hmmm.. I was honestly surprised how petite this place is. Not a hang out and do work sort of place. I could see enjoying it more as an after work, grab a glass of wine - sit at the bar and chat with the baristas and other locals. Sitting area was super cramped - and careful as you walk out - you are walking in front of the exit of their drive through. Mind the traffic! Don't get smushed. Very nice staff :) My sweet tooth of a man had a Nutella Mocha - and he devoured it happily.
4	So yesterday I had a training right near this little place and I went here....twice.....whoa. I went in the morning and had the nutella mocha....now, I don't even really like mochas that much, but this was a completely different story. It wasn't too sweet, but it was sweet, and it had that nutty and delicious Nutella flavor.....oh my. Thank god I don't live near here or I would be spending a lot of money and calories on this delicious drink. Anyway, I came back for lunch (but they were still serving breakfast). I got their New Mexican breakfast burrito and it was alright, but not as good as many say. I really like the green chili sauce that came with the burrito, but the burrito itself was pretty generic. Anyway, I would like to come back and try their lunch or dinner food and I will definitely be back for a nutella mocha (but not too soon!).
5	Try the muddled blueberry vokda drink!! We went in around 3:30pm on a Saturday and had a wonderful experience. I was so glad there was room for three of us since it's too hot to sit outside now. Our food tasted amazing and our server(they don't usually start serving tables until 4pm) was SUPER friendly. We will definitely be back again..maybe on a Saturday night, just because her service was so amazing!
5	It is really nice to have a local coffee shop within walking distance of the house.  Having a great one that turns into a fantastic lunch and dinner spot is even better.
5	I absolutely love this place.  Here are my personal reasons:-They have nutella coffee... that deserves 5 stars alone.  -They have great customer service.  They nearly always remember my husband's name since he is in there more often than I am.  -You can call in your coffee order ahead of time.... what?! Yes, you really can.  This is an amazing thing!  Take that Starbucks!  -They have great food and on Tuesday nights you can get $20 for a bottle of wine and bruschetta.  Don't get me wrong, I love Postino's for this deal, but this place actually has parking without the hassle!-You can bring your dog...although it seems like very few people take advantage of this.-They have bike racks for when we ride our beach cruisers over instead of walking-It's walking distance-Cute patio with misters and fresh herbs growing all around-The Nutella/Espresso martini.  It's no longer on the menu (or wasn't last time I was in), but I've asked and they've still made it for me.  So. Freaking.Good.If you aren't convinced yet, stop reading this and just go try it out.  Don't expect a huge menu or a large indoor seating area.  It's tiny and it's meant to be a great, tiny, local spot.  Go when the weather is nice and sit outside while sipping a nutella martini and eating bruschetta.  If you're disappointed, then I'm not sure what to tell you.
5	Have only had good experiences at this small restaurant.  I have only had there sandwiches and breakfast which was all good.   Looks like a fun place to take a date for a glass of wine.
4	After a busy morning and playdate at Imagination Avenue, my friend Jane B and our two almost two year olds had worked up quite an appetite... We wanted a quick lunch before their naptime, so logically, we checked Yelp for nearby lunch spots.  We didn't have to look far as 32 Shea is literally right across the parking lot... we decided to check it out and we were both very impressed.  32 Shea is a tiny little gem of a restaurant  on the corner of (you guessed it) 32nd Street and Shea.  It's colorful on the outside and inside both literally and figuratively... the staff couldn't have been friendlier - and that's even with 2 toddler boys making a mess as Jane and I tried to order and scarf our food down.We each had "the chop" salad and shared two muffins with the boys.  The salads were fresh and a good portion size, and the muffins were delicious... (we had a carrot muffin and a raspberry muffin).  They actually tasted more like cupcakes, so I don't know how healthy they were, but I'll tell myself they were healthy ;)The menu has plenty more to choose from as well:  all kinds of coffee drinks, smoothies, breakfast including egg sandwiches, burritos and oatmeal (served until noon), lunch and even dinner!  It sounds like at night the place becomes more loungey with candle light and table service (as opposed to the order at the counter style they have during the day).  I'll have to check that out!32 Shea reminded both of us of the type of cafe you'd find in a more urban environment like NYC or perhaps even Europe.  The building used to be a drive-thru photo mat and was then transformed to another restaurant before the current owners took it over in 2011.  They've done a fabulous job with it, and it still has a working drive-thru and a nice patio too.I have one request of the owners: please get some lemonade on the menu!  I wanted an Arnold Palmer but was told you don't have lemonade, so that is something I'd suggest.  Other than that, it looks like you've got something for everyone and I can't wait to return to try more from the menu!
5	This is a new favorite place for my husband and I.  We were craving some coffee one day and were feeling nostalgic about the drive through coffee joints in Portland, OR when we drove past 32 Shea.  My hubby ordered an Americano and he loved it.  I had an iced chai that was creamy and delicious.  A second time, we stopped here for a quick breakfast.  We both had the breakfast burritos that come with little cups of homemade salsa.  The salsa is so flavorful, and really enhances the flavor of the burrito.  It causes a serious case of heartburn later in the day though, so be ready with the tums!!  I would chance a little heartburn for another cup of salsa!
4	First let me say this little place is adorable. I have been a fan since the first time I walked in. The coffee is done well and the vibe generally is pretty comfortable.I could go on and on but the reason I am writing this review today is because there is one ongoing issue. I come in once a week at least and bring people as often as I can. Unfortunately for me and the majority of my guests we are not young and attractive. On numerous occasions I have gone in and been ignored for minutes while waiting for the young man with the beard to pay attention to me. He spends a lot of time talking to the young ladies, which is perfectly normal, when you are not at work. Other times he won't look up from his phone until he has finished what I can only imagine are very important conversations. I know he has a social life but I wish it came second to his job. I haven't been in for a few weeks and I felt like I owed the owner an explanation. I will be back, maybe not as often, and maybe not while he is working.
4	Locally owned, so that is immediately a plus for me. They have the cutest atmosphere and great coffee.  I love coming here for their late night drinks as well. It is small, so sometimes the service is slow. But that is expected for a small place. This is definitely a great spot ro just rewind and I will be back again and again!
5	This place was great! There were quite a few people in there who seemed to be regulars, and I can tell why. The food, green tea and atmosphere were excellent, plus the owner who took my order remembered my name when I was leaving over an hour later, and took the time to make excellent meal recommendations. Customer service like that is rare (unfortunately) and I was impressed. Definitely will be back!
1	Rude/slow service, bland food and when I was served the wrong coffee I was publicly humiliated by the bartender/drink maker behind the bar. How it was my fault I took a sip of a drink that was served to me is beyond my comprehension. I will never go back. I can find better places to spend my money, thank you.
5	Love love love 32 Shea! I just tried their seasonal pumpkin pie spice latte with almond milk. Delicious!!!! I normally get the one from Starbucks, but after trying 32 Shea's for the first time yesterday it is my new favorite. They also have really good happy hour prices for food and drinks. The patio is super cute and really great when it is nice out. This place is great all around. Be sure to go check it out. :)
4	In a seemingly abandoned strip mall, my girlfriend and I found this little nook planted right in the middle of it.  We were looking for breakfast after a morning hike and this seemed to get some pretty good reviews.  Really fun little find.  It's not quite a coffee shop, but not its not quite a restaurant, and its not quite a wine bar.  The menu isn't very expansive, but what they do have they do pretty well.For breakfast I got their croissant sandwich with egg, bacon, and cheese in a baked croissant.  Also couldn't resist trying one of their blueberry muffins.  And decided to wash it down with a nutella hot chocolate.  The croissant sandwich was fresh, simple and delicious.  The nutella hot chocolate was awesome and perfect on a cool fall morning.  The muffin was actually a little disappointing as it tasted a little dry.  My girlfriend got their New Mexico Burrito as well as a nutella mocha.  And they also had a brie and apple turnover in the pastry display so she got one of those.  She loved the mocha nutella and the brie and apple turnover was an awesome combo of flavors.  The burrito was scorching hot, but good and the salsa was a nice accompaniment.As mentioned, its pretty small.  You order from the counter when you walk in and they bring your food to you.  There's a small seating area inside as well as a nice patio outside.  We sat at the outside high table area which looks down on the patio tables.  The atmosphere is very casual but has a modern feel that attracts locals from the neighborhood and hipsters alike.  And the outdoor patio is dog friendly (at least three couples we saw were taking advantage of this today.Overall prices are right and the atmosphere is super relaxed.  Total cost for the two nutella drinks, two pastries, burrito, and croissant sandwich was $23.  Food wasn't perfect and the selection was minimal, but we'd definitely come back to sample more of their menu.
4	Oh hey, everything likable about Phoenix cafes.- dope hipster tunage - cafe-to-speakeasy shapeshifting abilities from morning to evening- better coffee than most coffee shops- the awesome tuna sandwich on great bread official third-party seal of approval- high quality ingredients, but very simple fare- a virtually unlimited supply of Nutella (okay, not in most Phoenix cafes, but should be)Yes, 32 Shea, just yes.
4	Great coffee and fantastic baked goods and pastries!
4	Visited tue evening. All inside tables full. Very warm inside. Sat at the bar. Food was a little slow coming, no big deal. Enjoyed our drinks. Roast beef sliders are great. Chicken chop salad was big and very good. Recommend this place highly.
4	This is one of those places I don't want to review, because it's my little gem and I don't want to share it! I decided to be selfless today and let you in on this little secret.. This place is all the rage. They have amazing locally roasted coffee (Matador), homemade syrups, beautiful food, and lovely service. I could just pop in here and hang out for a few minutes... I love the people who work there- they are the sweetest.
5	Awesome place to hangout! Breakfast yummy in my tummy sandwich is my favorite.  Servers are the right mix of friendly & efficient. Cool to offer coffee in morning and then alcohol in evening. Wish I lived within walking distance to make it my local place.  Drive-thru too!
5	I love this place:  the owner is awesome, the people are helpful, the food is very yummy, the cocktails are strong!  It's a great place during the day, too!  We so lucky to have 32Shea right in the neighborhood!!  Yaaaa 32Shea!
3	This little coffee shop off of Cactus and the 51 freeway is similar to finding a ring in a Cracker Jax box. It's totally unexpected. The surrounding area is so "ho hum" and almost sketch, you would never think you would find a cute coffee hangout. There is a small patio area surrounded by greenery and small tables perfect for conversation. The benches against the fence have colorful square pillows lining the entire back and umbrellas provide perfect shade for midday sun. The ambiance is peaceful and inspiring.Indoors is a little darker and more intimate setting since the shop is not as spread out as the patio. There were sandwiches available and some pastries to accompany whatever coffee you may enjoy. I tried a dirty chai latte. Although I asked for it cold, I received a hot one, but I didn't bother to have him change it, because I didn't really care one way or another. It was really good! I am just curious to have it cold next time. Or maybe I'll try the pumpkin latte... They had quite a few choices and the menu was very clear on their chalkboard overhead. The staff is really friendly and talkative as are the people who seem to be regulars here. There is really nothing bad to be said about this place at all, except for that one minor mistake. I do plan on returning again when I'm in the area.
4	It is rare to find a drive-through that actually serves healthy food. Thank you, 32 Shea, for bringing fast and nutritious food to those in a hurry in the north Phoenix area.I've never actually ordered food from the drive-through myself, but every time I've observed a sale, it seems to be delivered quickly. The menu consists of coffee drinks (and a full bar, though alcohol can't be ordered from your car), as well as salads and sandwiches and a daily soup. With the sandwiches, you get a side of chips or a side salad. I've always gotten the salad, but I prefer swapping the house vinaigrette with ranch. As for the sandwiches, the veggie sandwich, which comes with cream cheese, tomatoes and greens, is tasty - just go light on the greens, unless you'd like a second salad on your sandwich.32 Shea has a lot going for it - a really cute patio with comfy seating, and eclectic design inside that creates a funky, relaxing ambiance. I really like the restaurant has a bar area. The space can be anything you want - eatery, coffeehouse, bar, patio, or drive-through -- which is awesome.Every time I've dined in for lunch, though, ordering has been an awkward experience. The ordering space is tiny, barely fitting two people comfortably, while anyone else is left to hover over them as they order. It'd be nice to just be able to pick a spot to sit down, then have a server come and take your order. The crampedness of the front ordering space is not a fun way to start your meal.
4	This is a cool place.  My girlfriend and I were in the area for an appointment and had our Great Danes with us.  We were early for the appointment and hungry for breakfast so when we happened upon this place we were all about it.The main building isn't that big but they put out some great products.  I ended up with a bacon, egg and cheese breakfast sandwich (which was very tasty) and my girlfriend had a bagel with lox, cream cheese, capers and a few other things.  She enjoyed it.  They have a decent selection of coffee and tea drinks that they make.  They also have a drive through, which is very convenient. The patio area is dog friendly so of course we brought them over.  This is a pretty chill place and I would recommend it if you are in the area.  I will definitely be back if I am in that part of town again.
5	I love the New Mexico breakfast burrito, something so simple but delicious! The coffee is great ..I prefer caramel with caramel sauce only freezacino! They are very accommodating staff! Eating local is fun!
3	The food was great, but I can't say the same about the service. My boyfriend and I went with our pit bull. The sign said to go inside and get a hostess to seat us, so my boyfriend went inside while I waited. I guess they were too busy inside to even answer his question. The woman told him that she would be "right" with him, but we waited for ten minutes. I'm guessing she forgot about him even though he was standing right there, so he went up to her again and asked about being seated. When she finally got to him, she told him that we could sit wherever we'd like. It's pretty confusing for people who haven't been there before. I also agree with a previous reviewer, it would be a lot easier if they took our order at our table.My boyfriend and I split the caprese sandwich and New Mexico burrito (minus the bacon). Really good. Their salsa was the best that I've had. I had an iced Nutella mocha and my boyfriend had a hot one. We both liked our drinks although I didn't really taste the Nutella.All in all, it's a cool place. I will return to try different things on the menu like the "veggie-tarian" sandwich. The service could be better though. Maybe update that sign.
4	Cute neighborhood spot. Love the patio! Pet friendly. Great go to for any meal of the day, but especially brunch and happy hour. Friendly staff.
5	Me and my boyfriend decided to go here after struggling to find a place in the area that was open on Christmas Eve. We ordered the Tuna Melt and the open faced grilled cheese and both entrees came with a side salad. Everything was amazing and the outdoor seating was quite nice. The prices were not too high and the service was excellent. Definitely going back before I head back to California.
4	Randomly read about this place on Yelp and I'm glad I was able to check it out! The hummus was EXCELLENT and my food (Turkey Burger Sliders) were as expected, though nothing to write home about. My friend had the Open-Faced Grilled Cheese and after having a tiny taste I wish I would have gone with that instead. The staff was very friendly and communicated continously about the timing of our food and beverages, which I always appreciate. I will definitely be back again! Just a tip... when you have specials "moments" that change daily, maybe limit it to one or two. Our server read off, I believe, three and I could barely wrap my head around what she said before she proceeded with the next item. If you do have multiple options it would've helped to had a visual reference to review.
5	12 hour happy hour rocks! Their Nutella coffees and new mexico burritos and awesome. Come back for lunch and have their cobb salad and soup of the day. Their 4 to 6 munchies are amazing the bruchettas are perfect with a variety of $5.00 glasses of wine. Dinners of the night are for people who really love  good food. The patio is perfect this time.of year. Also their free WiFi is icing on the cake!!
5	I love this place!  The owners are great and always make a point to say hello, even when I am in the drive thru.  You can even call ahead of time and order your coffee, so that it is ready when you arrive... that is service!  I do it all the time, and love that they offer that. The coffee is amazing.   In the fall they make the most amazing Pumpkin Spice latte, made from a puree not just syrups!!  That is my favorite ... anyway, great place and I am so thankful they are close by.
3	I've been going to this place for a while. The food is great & so are the coffee beverages. The prices are a bit high, but the drive-thru is convenient - just be prepared to wait for a while for your order. The reason I gave this 2 stars is that they have been fairly consistent at messing up my orders, and the service isn't very good. (I finally decided to stop going there as of the most recent incident.) Also, as an FYI to parents, they don't have high chairs because the dining room is too small.Update: I spoke with the manager, Rebecca, who was very professional & apologetic. She informed me they have a "call-ahead" option for those in a rush: 602.867.7432. Second update: I used the call-ahead option, and my food was ready  - & correct - within 15 minutes. I have thus upgraded this review to 3 stars, perhaps more over time should this become a pattern.
5	Much better coffee than the big chains.  This is a great place for a quick lunch or breakfast and the drive through makes caffeine fill ups easy.
5	I've only been here once but plan to be back! I had the OMG and all I can say is OMG. That was probably one of the best sandwhiches I've ever had IN MY LIFE! If I wasn't there on a date, I would have made out with it. I'm not scared to admit that. I also had a Mai Tai which was so good as well. Strong enough to be fun but not so strong so that you have to wait for the ice to melt. Maybe if I had a 3rd Mai Tai, I would have made out with the sandwhich. Would be nice though if the staff frequented the patio and took your order. Was kind of a buzzkill to have to go back inside and wait in line to get another drink.
5	Holy Lavender Latte!!!  I hope this isn't seasonal!! I loved it!!  This place serves the best coffee ever.  I have never heard of a Lavender Latte.  Last time, I got a Rosemary Honey Latte... I think that's what it was.... Rosemary something... anyway it was great too.  This one though... wow, started my morning off right.  A little aromatherapy while I work!! I may have to go back for another tomorrow.  Thanks Ms. Barista for recommending this!!!
5	I love this place. I have only been by for coffee and breakfast and it is one if my favs! The coffee is great and the lox bagel is AMAZING! You must at least stop by to try their coffee.
5	Awesome espresso and the owner, she works her butt off! Probably my favorite small coffee shop in the valley!  It's a Friday morning regular part of my routine
5	My wife and I really like this place, the food is great and the dog friendly patio is really nice. It allows us to bring our best friend to dinner.They also supply a dog water bowl and even have treats for him!
5	32 Shea is my go-to place for coffee, lunch and happy hour. I work nearby and stop by a few times a week. It's such a cute place. The decor is fabulous and the patio is delightful. Such a great place to hang out with a glass of wine. The coffee is excellent and I've never had any issues in the drive-thru. I've tried a few of their limited/ seasonal lattes and they've all been great. The lunch menu is excellent- the salads and sandwiches are incredible. Try the tuna and the omg.I've never had any issues with long wait times. In fact, I'm amazed at how quickly they get food out- the kitchen is miniscule.
5	I love this place. It is great for breakfast, lunch and dinner!  The atmosphere changes with each time of day.I love sitting out on the patio at night sharing a glass of wine and great conversation with friends or the friendly people dining there, too.
5	It was an uncommonly rainy night when I met a friend here for dinner and drinks so the patio area was closed.  I was sad that I couldn't enjoy the patio because it was honestly the one thing that really drew me in from the photos I saw here from other yelpers.  The interior was as packed as a small place this could be.  At this point I'm a little unsure about staying, no patio and tight quarters. The staff was immediately very happy to see me and showed no signs they were at all put out by the weather.  I ordred a beer and the pizza of the day.  The waitress tried to tell me what was on the pizza of the day but I really wanted to be surprised so I asked her to stop.  All she got out was "it's called black and blue".  I was told the beer I wanted wasn't in stock or going to be carried anymore so I said surprise me with a random beer that is similar.  They brought me one of my favorites so I was very happy with their choice.  The pizza took a lot longer to come out than I would have expected but I really didn't mind.  The atmosphere was so comfortable that had I not looked at the time I wouldn't have realized so much of it had passed.  The pizza was great, I had fun figuring out why they called it Black and Blue and the waitress asked me if I had figured it out.  The blue cheese flavor wasn't overpowering nor was the blackened steak.  It was a very well balanced flavor over all and I enjoyed every bite.I'm sure I'll be back so I can explore more of their menu and hopefully try out the patio area.
5	Always great service.  Love calling in my beverage order and using the drive thru. My favorite is the iced lavender white mocha. Sounds weird but it's worth trying for sure.
5	Upon my arrival to this part of town, I was soon acquainted to this little coffee shop. After my experience at big chain coffee shops, I was surprised at the warmth and friendliness that radiates from every single employee. From Their fresh new menu items (made to order) to their awesome 12 hour happy hour, there is something for everyone even if coffee isn't you cup of tea, they make a tropical green tea that keeps you coming back for more. If there was any higher rating than 5 stars, believe me I'd be clicking them. So I HIGHLY recommend this one of kind coffee shop, a true gem in the North Phoenix Valley.
3	I was a little disappointed, I have been asking the organizer of my twins mom group to do a night out at this place.  Finally, she sets the date.  My husband was going to be out of town, so I had the nanny come, since I didn't want to miss it, this place being my suggestion.  I got there on time as usual, so I was the first one.  I asked the lady inside if we had a spot reserved since we were a group, and she confirmed and told me I would be seating outside in a minute.I sat down on the bench outside to wait to be directed to my table.  Five minutes later a couple arrived and went inside.  What do you know, the server was guiding them to a table outside.  That was a little rude, but I decided to just walk myself to the table.  My friend who organized the event got in just then, and I had only one menu for me.  The server again, said she would be right back.  I ended up going in and grabbing another menu. By the way, there were only 2 other tables with customers besides ours.  Not really a happening night, it was St. Patty's day after all, so people where drinking somewhere else.  We ordered our drinks.  They are really good.  A few other friends arrived and again we were struggling to get her attention and more menus.  One of the ladies ended up going inside to order her drink, she said the server was rude to her inside also.  We ordered a few bruschetta.  Mine was pretty good, but I wish it would have been a better experience.
4	Excellent coffee, friendly people. Not the most comfortable patio area but it's nice.
4	So, fact-good food (not sure where products come from?) Fact-great atmosphere. Fact-placed in a mediocre shopping center complex that looks like half of the suites are closed. If it were 1/2-3/4 mile east in the new Frys shopping center it would be an outstanding area. Overall a MUST try.
4	Great happy hour spot that's relatively tucked away. The location is actually an old photo hut, which explains the small size. The patio is the place to be--inside is a little cramped and noisy. You won't exactly be able to spread out on the patio but it's still nice and cozy. It's dog friendly, too!Drinks are super affordable during happy hour, and the food specials are delicious. We haven't tried a bruschetta we didn't like, and the turkey sliders are delicious, too. We tend to just order small plates and drinks and hang out until the sun goes down. It's a great place to wind down on a Thursday or Friday night as a couple or in a small group. I would imagine large groups would be a challenge.Service is overall good--they get a little frazzled sometimes but when we're there we're never in a hurry to leave. First round of drinks and apps always comes fast :).
4	I've been here several times for lunch and love the place. I've had everything on the menu and have never been disappointed. I went for the first time for happy hour and was slightly disappointed. I was told after 4 pm it's a full service restaurant, but we had to keep going to the bar to get drinks. The bartender would act annoyed and tell us he would bring them to us. That was great if it didn't take 15 minutes to make a drink.Anyway,  I'm going to stick to lunch from this point forward.
5	I was introduced to this place by my girlfriend. Its awesome. Great food, fun, laid back atmosphere and good prices. What more do you need? This place feels like a boardwalk cafe in San Diego. Succulents on the tables, big safari windows, and the nutella mocha is to die for.  Highly recommended for a Sunday brunch.
5	After seeing this on my yelp searches I finally decided to visit and I've been back a few times since.  It's not that close to the house or it'd be my daily stop before work.  Yup.  The coffee/lattes/chai are that good.  I've eaten breakfast and lunch and the food was good, too.  One of these days I will go for their dinner and try their mixed drinks.
3	It's small, it's quaint, the food is...ok, but the patio is super cute. I would come here if not just to kick back and enjoy a nice warm day. I had the breakfast burrito and it definitely required the use of salsa as I found it to be a little dry. It was tasty (with salsa) and of a good size. The menu isn't very extensive but again, I think people come more for the atmosphere than the food.
5	Unbelievable! This tiny place in an otherwise overlook-able parking lot is a diamond in the rough. It's hip, clean, fun, and versatile. Need some coffee in the morning to kick start the day? Coffee is great here and they make it quickly. Need a lunchtime meeting place? Indoor and outdoor seating and a good menu give you options.Going on a date? With food, wine, and a full drink selection you are covered. And the cute modern ambiance does nothing but help facilitate an enjoyable evening. Tiny and fantastic and worth a visit. Or two. Or three...
5	The food here is always fantastic. Roast beef sliders are the best. Staff is friendly and chatty every time. We take our dog once a month or so, she is always treated like a human. They bring her a water bowl and refill it when necessary. Best in the neighborhood from the day they opened their doors.
5	The tomatoes on my open-faced pesto grilled cheese sandwich tasted like... tomatoes, actually! At least the ones I remember from when I was a kid. Was not expecting something so simple to taste so good and fresh! I was by myself-- and don't usually like dining alone, but as soon as I entered the door, the bartender, Josh, made me feel right at home. Later on, the owner came over and chatted with customers for a while-- which was so nice! The atmosphere is welcoming and hip, with a romantic feel (great date setting), and the food fantastic.My only complaint is that it is so far from Fountain Hills. The fact that I'll be back, with friends, despite the drive, says a lot. I'm trying the Happy Hour, next time!
5	Love, Love, Love this Place!  The staff is wonderful and the food is terrific! Rebecca is so sweet and so customer service oriented, it's a great place for coffee or wine!  I hope it stays here a very long time!
4	Love this little gem of a place. The often changing menu specials are creative and always delicious. Great service and a cozy patio.
4	I have been wanting to try this place for sometime.  Today was the day and I was very pleased with what I found.  I ordered a chicken salad with bacon, egg and avocado with a balsamic dressing. The price was less than most places charge so when it arrived I was shocked to see that it had a lot of bacon not just a few bits a large slice of avocado as well as half a boiled egg. The patio was small but very well shaded and I look forwarded to going back and trying their dinners as well as the happy hour.
4	Relaxing, fast, and good portion sizes to fulfill your breakfast needs. What do people crave for breakfast? For me, it's good coffee, either a savory or sweet entree, and a place where people enjoy conversations. This place meets all that and they have happy hour mimosas, bloody Mary's, and craft beer. Do I even have to add it's a 12 hour long happy hour? Oh yea, that just happened!There's plenty of places to park, but you'd think this little place would not be able to pack all the goodies food and drinks have to offer. Well, if Reno is the biggest little city in the world, this has to be the biggest little breakfast place in Phoenix. They also have a drive thru. Can I get a woo woo?I was not too fond of my wife's choice of the  Nutella Coffee even though many people on Yelp rave about it. I did enjoy my soy chai latte. The New Mexican burrito was flavorful on the initial bite. With the egg, spices, and meat, wow this thing is good, and it's a great portion size. My wife ordered the lox, which was salmon on top of a bagel. Lightly salted cured salmon with tomato and a fresh spread of cream cheese. Very light and tasty.The staff looked very busy on a Saturday morning. It was our first time there, and no one greeted us or asked us to check the menu. We waited for a couple minutes and accidentally asked a customer (assumed he worked there as he fit the hipster kind of look) if we could sit ourselves down. After he said you can go ahead I realized he didn't work there, apologized, then finally asked one of the busy baristas, and was able to finally order. I will say the barista was very helpful, but busy during our order. As a result, I had to knock off one star.Overall, what a great morning hanging with our neighbors and enjoying a meal where I felt satisfied and not over stuffed. I will definitely be back again!
4	Went here mid morning on Saturday and was pleasantly surprised with the trendy fun ambience.  It's a comfy coffee shop atmosphere. There is a very cool little patio with plenty of shade and it is dog friendly.  There is a small seating area inside that is very modern and comfortable.  There is a good size espresso bar where you can watch the baristas do their magic.  We ordered two breakfast burritos and the Nutella banana sandwich.  The breakfast burritos were extremely good.  The ingredients are very fresh and there is no need to add anything.  Although there was a very yummy green salsa that I choose to add.  The Nutella sandwich was amazing!   Perfect for a small snack!  We also ordered a vanilla latte and a Bloody Mary.   The latte was very good - not overly sweet and very light.  The only downside I experienced at this place was with the Bloody Mary.  It wasn't good at all and I wasn't able to finish.  All things considered it was a cool place to grab a quick bite and enjoy some socializing.   We will definitely be back.
2	The food was fine. My 2 star review is due to the fact I sat inside on the Sunday morning I was there- the staff were an incredibly loud, ADHD, disruptive, spastic bunch. Five of them were packed behind the bar. The girl seemed overwhelmed with four guys just bouncing off the walls. I highly recommend sitting outside unless of course you're working on a thesis paper entitled "Observing the Highly Caffeinated Antics of Millenials."
5	Love this place! I would totally expect this place on Campbell or in Old Town Scottsdale, but just West of the 51 on Shea this is a gem in front of a strip mall. Not knocking that part of town, just saying that this place doesn't fit in! That's a good thing. Awesome atmosphere without the pretentious Scottsdale crowd! Sorry Scottsdale. Hell I'm probably pissing everyone off with this review. 32 Shea has a great intimate feeling with a great shaded patio and smaller indoor dinning area. Had the perfect burrito coupled with the best Mocha Latte ever! This place has great service as well! Give this place a try, just look for the one place that's not like the others on the corner of 32nd St. and Shea!!
4	We love this little neighborhood cafe.  They have created an oasis in the middle of a parking lot of an aged shopping center.  We enjoy riding our bikes here with the family.  They have yummy salads and sandwiches and a great happy hour.  $5 bloody Mary's and mimosas all weekend
5	Great lite fare.  Sandwiches, soups, and salads.  My personal favorite is the OMG (a sandwich with prosciutto,  marscapon, and figs.  We've tried several of the sandwich and been very happy with all of them.  They have a full espresso bar and it the drinks are very good.  I used to own a coffee house, so I'm picky about my espresso.Service has always been friendly to us and our two dogs who usually accompany us.  We have a Doberman that has excellent restaurant manners and a whippet puppy who has well puppy manners.  If you come for dinner ask to be seated.  Yes even on the patio and despite the fact you didn't see the sign.  If you don't prepare to be scolded.  Keep perspective and smile.  They are just doing their best to keep everyone happy.  I really enjoy this place and drop in whenever I'm in the area, which always seems to be with my dogs.
5	Incredible food, drinks and prices. So welcoming and comfortable. Everyone here is so friendly.  Great neighborhood joint, but worth the drive if you don't live nearby.
5	Love our favorite local coffee shop, 32 Shea. Everything here is amazing. The cocktails, the coffee, the food, and the service! I recommend calling ahead if you're going to go through the drive through. The lavender white mocha is my favorite coffee drink - I highly recommend! If you've never been here, you must try it!
5	It's not the size that matters when it comes to food . 32 Shea will knock your socks off. Fresh ingredients but together in innovative ways . The salads and baked goods are amazing . I had a peach and rosemary muffin this morning and omg was it ever amazing . I will be back for a cocktail or two ... I hope !
5	This coffee shop is definitely a local gem. I loved the variety of quality teas. I had the OMG sandwich - it was prosciutto, marscapone, and figs on a ciabatta panini role - it was totally amazing. The staff were friendly despite the crowd. It is a busy place. My food came out in about 10 minutes from the time I ordered. There is a very small cafe. Larger groups can sit outside on the shaded patio. Plenty of parking in the strip center. Cool music, and high speed wifi. I would definitely go back here.
5	Fantastic little place! It's so out of place in a run-down mall, but we are hoping it will help revive the area. The food is so delicious - we have never had anything bad! They have a different dinner entree and flatbread pizza every night, we actually love that! This way, we get to try new flavors all the time. They have a great patio (dog friendly) and a charming (but small) indoor dining area. The food though, we come for the food. You should too!
5	Very interesting place especially in the afternoon great crowd good customer service highly recommend you may have to spend a little extra but I think it's worth it give it a shot I don't think you will regret it
5	My favorite coffee shop in Phoenix! Small and intimate with a beautiful dog friendly patio. The staff is so nice and helpful. They always have the highest excellence of coffee and pastries. Love all the Staff here. Such a comfortable great place :) My favorite is their Carmel macchiato!! Oh and they have almond milk!
4	Three years ago, I checked out the new 32 Shea (named for the corner I've lived near my whole life!), and said I appreciated their presence. Well, three years later, I still do! I stopped in today for a late breakfast and coffee. During the day, I like to do work here-they have outlets and I can sit by the windows overlooking their patio, which gives the illusion of a garden, not a big old intersection!I ordered the New Mexico Burrito, which was superb! Especially the green salsa on the side. I am also a big fan of their caramel macchiatos.At night, I am enticed by all their happy hour deals. There's $20 for a bottle of wine and bruschetta night, and burger and shake night. They keep me informed of these deals on their pretty food photog Instagram page! There's also an added summer bonus: it's nice and cool inside at 32 Shea. Something about the indie music, iced beverages, and dark walls. Whether I'm here after a YouFit workout or I've just burned my hand on my car door, stepping into 32 Shea always cools me down. So thanks, 32 Shea. I'm glad you're in the hood.
5	Almost three years after my initial review, I keep coming back and loving 32 Shea more and more. For me it really is as good as it gets. Coming from place where coffee shops are staple of human relationships, sterile Starbucks cafes were easily to bore me to death. I love the vibe 32 Shea has, I love the breakfast burrito and nutella cheesecake, I love meeting my friends there... It is not just another corporate kiss-ass place where everyone give you fake and empty smiles. I see myself coming back here for years to come!
4	Lovely place with a friendly, easy going and prompt staff.   My friend lives in the area and assumed it's just a coffee shop so the "is she serious?" look she had as she walked up was priceless.  The moscow mule I had was perfect and the bruschetta was very tasty.    Will definitely return for more, am very curious to try the nutella mocha.
5	Such a cute little place! Their food is very good and fresh. They offer happy hour almost all day long and the outside is pet friendly. I def would recommend their bruschetta! Only con is that it's small, hopefully they will expand!
3	This place is so small that it's really easy to miss despite being literally right next to the road.  It's very small inside so be prepared to play footsies with your neighbors.  Upon walking in, there's a distinct feeling that you're supposed to know what to do buf if it's your first time, you just stand there feeling awkward and hope that someone helps you.  Eventually someone did and we were seated for lunch.  The food was good.  It's not a bad place but I wasn't overly impressed.
1	I've been in about four times and I don't know why I bother coming back . The food Is okay but pretty slow coming out of the kitchen. The staff has an attitude And are not very responsive to their customers at all. I wouldn't go again and I don't recommend it
3	Nice, laid back place. Nutella mocha is pretty good, perfectly sweet without being too much. Place is a bit small and cramped inside, it's also really dark... not a good place to come and do some reading/studying at night. Good service and nice wait staff.
4	Hot Chocolate Nutela... Yeah you have to have some. The food was great.
5	What an awesome spot in an unexpected place.Great food, great service and fair prices.I had the special I'd the day (Wednesday is burger and shake).The burger was good although I would rather have fries instead I'd sweet potatoes but oh well.The coffee is pretty good too and they have home made syrups.CheersFun fact. There's a comfy chair I'm the bathroom wtf?
5	I come to Phoenix to visit a few times a year and this is my favorite stop for morning coffee. Their service is relatively quick and the quality if the drinks is great. It's the perfect stop after a long morning hike in the summer heat. Definitely give the lavender latte a try!
1	This review is based solely on my visit there yesterday morning for ice coffee. Worst ice coffee ever. The coffee was WAY to old or something because it was to bitter to drink.  3.00 plus a 1.00 tip wasted.
5	Fast, friendly, and delicious! Whether you're in the mood for a quick sandwich or salad at lunch, or a nice seasonal dinner menu with speciality cocktails, 32 Shea has a little bit of everything.
5	This place is a great little cafe right in an area which needs life brought back into it. I always feel better buying coffee and food here as I know the money stays here. What better way to improve the neighborhood. Owners passion really is evident when you see her working her butt off all while keeping a smile. Josh and Jeff best in the BIZ!
5	Friends who live nearby took me to breakfast here on Sunday, I now daydream about the pumpkin spice latte on my drive to work everyday and wish I lived closer. Great food and drinks and good service.  If another locations ever opens Gainey Center could use it. :)
4	I love 32 Shea. It has great coffee, great people, and the foo is delicious. My favorite part is that I can get almond milk for my latte which you can't find at the chains. Thank you 32 Shea.
3	I love this place for its unique atmosphere in a pretty run - down strip mall. I love the variety of coffee drinks, alcoholic beverages, and awesome bruschetta. My complaint is the service: once you order, the wait staff rarely returns to check on you.
5	I am GRINNING and SIGHING with each sip I'm taking of my Iced Decaf Vanilla Latte with almond milk. This replaces my interest in any other valley coffee shop. And now that I've found this place I am contemplating moving closer than my current city which is 30 min away!!!
4	THE best Lox & Bagel for only $7.50!This cute little joint does salmon right. They cure their own salmon and serve it with a good amount of cream cheese, a toasted bagel, slivered red onion, a carrot and daikon mixture and capers (they need to add a few more capers to each order, i only had 4 on each half and I really like those little buggers). They have happy hour all day so you can accompany your breakfast with a $5 mimosa.There is no table service, so walk in and order at the register, then your food is delivered to your table and if you're lucky the chef himself will come out and chat about his food.The service here is never warm and fuzzy, but they get the job done and I always leave happy.
5	I work out at Youfit which is right behind 32 Shea. I never noticed it! What a gem! There is a drive through window, bar and seating.  The decor is very calming and inviting.  This is quaint little place to get away and just relax, read or meet someone for coffee, tea or cocktails.  My test is the regular coffee. It was perfect! I'll be back.
4	I really want there to be a day where I can put 5 stars on here!! I love this place. The ambience, the food, the coffee (their decaf is the best local I've had!). But sometimes, the service is... okay. I'm a stickler about my stamp cards (and I'm honest) so I was really dismayed when I asked if I can get stamped for 2 drinks I bought last weekend that I forgot to get stamps for. I guess people lie about that stuff because they said NO. SUPER bummed about that! LOL. I'm a regular. Why would I lie about that? The 2nd thing... I get really uncomfortable when the employees are getting reprimanded in front of everyone, by the manager. I don't think it's professional, and if they need to be spoken to about anything, it should be done in the back, so none of the customers hear it. I've also stopped coming for dinner because nearly everything they make has PORK in it (which is a HUGE bummer when you don't eat pigs!) The chef is otherwise amazing! I've sent them a message on FB to see if they use local, organic grown ingredients, but I've never gotten an answer on that either :( Other than those things, I love coming here, I really do! Someone would really have to f*ck things up for me to stop :)
4	Came here last Saturday for lunch with my mom and dad.  I'm pretty sure this used to be one of those photo huts when I was growing up.  The place is tiny inside.  Cute, but a bit noisy.  If it was cooler outside, it would have been great to sit on the patio.  The sandwiches were good.  I had the turkey which I thought was a bit bland, but you could tell it was made with good ingredients.  My dad had a BLT that he said was excellent, and my mom had the roast beef sandwich with the horseradish cream sauce.  I wish I had gotten that!!!!  It was delicious!  Next time I go back, I will have that for sure.Their coffees looked nice, and I would like to try them as well.I will be going back for that sandwich.  It's a very cute little place.  Nice addition to 32nd Street!  Good to see a little gem in the old neighborhood.
5	Good place to get a coffee or tea.   Assorted. Angels and muffins.   I tried the nuttella strawberry muffin and it was very good.  Enjoy the place.  Very friendly and affordable
5	I always get the special-which it is!  Healthy and delicious house salad, too. Fantastic smoothies and coffee. Why are the staff so happy all the time?  Because they eat there!
5	What a great place. Nothing else to say, you've got to check it yourself to understand. Trust me, you should!!
5	Awesome drinks food and especially awesome lady in the morning never forgets to remind me about the punch card.  And they have a drive through.
2	Service was terrible for just sitting down and getting coffee at night, it took longer to get the check than it took to drink the coffee. No gripes with the coffee itself, just crumby service and patio music.
4	I live a mere mile from 32 Shea, and pass it at least twice a day, every day. I remember when the building was a little coffee shop. Never had a reason to stop in until my gal-friend, who lives on the west side(!), suggested we meet there for dinner. Now... I hang my head in shame. I should have been the one saying "Oh, you have to try 32 Shea. It's amazing!" Well, I am now a fan and we plan on going monthly. This will give me the opportunity to try EVERYTHING. This visit I had the Roast Beef Sliders. I can't express to you how melt-in-your-mouth moist the beef was, and the wee buns were incredibly soft (I'm sure it's an artisan bread and not just a "bun"). And the horseradish spread was delish! We didn't partake in any leaded beverages, but they have a pretty nice selection.I think the most amazing part of this experience is... you forget you are seated just yards from 32 St. Not an overwhelmingly busy stretch of road, but it does have its fair share of traffic. No matter to me! The strategically placed trees, music and staff divert distract and engage successfully!The only reason i took off a star is its size, especially indoors. Very "quaint." The outdoor patio is a great location, though, when the weather is kind. Overall, we really enjoyed ourselves and look forward to returning.
1	Terrible service. Just stood at the bar for 10 mins, 2-3 servers and baristas standing right there, and weren't greeted or asked if we wanted to place and order. Wake up.
2	Staff is unprofessional and disorganized when the place is busy. I like small and cozy spots but this place gives a new meaning to the word. It's extremely cramped. Despite all of that the food is good and the drinks are great. Just be prepared for long waits on the weekend and a frustrating staff.
4	Just had a latte it's above average in qualityExpress is on the lighter side of roastsMilk is just shot into the cup or poured quickly. Still a lot better then the local chains around This area solid
3	They have a good New Mexico breakfast burrito... I love their verde salsa! BUT.... It takes AWHILE for a simple burrito. Not to mention that I came 1 min after breakfast ended and they wouldn't make it. Ok no big deal there is a reason for a time constraint but then the other two things I wanted weren't ready yet. Then another time a server forgot an entire sandwich and I had to go back. Decent prices but an extremely ditzy and not accommodating staff makes for a 3 star review.
2	32 Shea is not the place for large parties.  Went with a group of 10 people.  Was very excited based on the menu.  The location is not the best, but once you are inside, you can't even tell you are in the middle of an old strip shopping center on 32nd street.  It was very nice on the patio and had a great ambience.  When we arrived, the hostess was rude and kept walking by us with a scowl on her face.  Took quite a while for them to get a table together and even then it was too small.  Luckily, most people were sharing food so we had enough room.  The waitress was impatient and forgot to bring one drink (which we later had to have removed from the bill).  I ordered a tuna salad with house made blue cheese dressing.  It was very good.  One of our group ordered a delicious coffee drink and another ordered the moscow mule and said it was great.  One person went to the bar for a margarita and it literally took 20 minutes.  She did like the drink and said it was the strongest she ever had.  When it came time to pay, the waitress said she could not do separate checks and even asked the owner, who also said no, not for big groups.  Would have been nice to know when we sat down.   I asked if there was an ATM and she said no.  I asked if there was one in the shopping center nearby and she said she had no idea.  Instead of giving us any options she simply walked away.  About 10 minutes later, we learned from the owner that while they would not do separate checks, they would allow multiple credit cards.  Again, just tell us and there is no problem.  I really want to try some of their signature cocktails, so I may go back.
5	Great Basil Gimlet!  Nice intimate atmosphere and great patio!  A number of good food choices and just a great local hangout.  Get away from the standard stuff and give local a try.
4	The staff is amazing. A few of them have been there for a while and already know what you want and how. Attention for details is just a plus and they do not neglect that. Breakfast, lunch or dinner!
5	Excellent experience here! First off, the location throws you off a bit; but once you get into 32 Sheas little atmosphere, you'll be surprised how nicely ambient the place really is. I ordered an iced chai latte, which is probably the best one I've had in Arizona.. Trust me, I've tried many chai lattes. I also ordered a vegetarian sandwich on ciabatta and that was excellent as well. I came here to study and its a great spot to do that. I'll definitely come back when I'm back in the area!!
4	Cool, hip little coffeehouse. The Nutella Mocha is a must. My parents were not sure what to think when we walked in but they ended up loving it. Nice ambiance inside with candles and a relaxing looking outside seating. I also got the hummus and vegetables but ran out of vegetables with over half of the hummus left ha.
5	32 Shea is a fantastic little place for a quick bite or you can sit outside and people watch for hours.  It is just about the best place in North Phoenix for less expensive food and a cool environment.
5	A friend and I went here the other day, coffee for me and a late lunch for her. I got the caramel macchiato with whole milk. The service was fast and friendly. My drink came out with an adorable heart drawn on the top in foam. The drink was warm and filling without being overly sweet. My friend got a tuna salad sandwich with chips, and she said it tasted very good, with an unexpected but pleasant addition of some crunchy apple in the tuna salad. The place is very small on the inside (maybe 8 tables that can seat 2 people each? I didn't count exactly, but somewhere around there), but there's a lot of seating out on the patio. Even though it's tiny, it's feels cool and comfortable without being over-the-top hipster. The patio was a pleasant seating place. Even though 32 Shea is at a fairly busy intersection, the green shrubs surrounding the patio lent a feeling of privacy and intimacy. There was a cute little dog watering station with signs welcoming pets on the patio area, so it's a good place to go if you're a dog person. I want to come back some time and try the food myself... maybe in the spring when the weather will be perfect for sitting outside.
4	I spent Christmas with family in Phoenix, and after taking a walk with the dog at Dreamy Draw Park, we went looking for a place we could go to lunch without dropping the dog off at home first. We found 32 Shea through Yelp, only 1.5 miles from where we were, and it was just about perfect.It was not easy to spot for those of use who weren't local, despite the fact that it's right out there by the street. Once we found it, though, we knew we'd picked a good spot. The enclosed patio was lovely, with a cute little fire hydrant water tap and bowls set up for dogs.We had glasses of wine and a table that got a little sun. For a northerner, eating outside in December is quite the novelty, and I was going to get as much sun as I could in the process. The sandwiches and salads hit the spot.My one "if only" concerns the lunchtime menu options. There was veg stuff, but it looked like asking for it without cheese would make it uninteresting. There were hummusy things on the dinner menu but not on the lunch. I ended up getting the tuna sandwich without cheese and figuring I'd pretend it didn't probably have mayo. I suppose I could also have asked if substituting hummus for cheese on the veg sandwich, but I may never know now.
5	This is a nice small place to grab some breakfast on the patio.  Their coffee is great and I usually get their breakfast burrito.  The breakfast burrito is on the small side but definitely plenty enough to get you going.  It's served with a fresh cilantro sauce.  The patio is very dog friendly which I love if your pup is a friendly one.  Leave the grumpy ones at home!  Nothing worse then trying to enjoy your meal and a dog fight breaks out right next to you.
5	Great little place tucked away on a corner parking lot. Very small inside but the fenced patio looks spacious. It is full of wonderful plants that shield eaters from the parking lot traffic and view of the strip mall. I went there for happy hour and tried their house Merlot and Cab wines as well as the tomato & fresh garlic bruschetta on french bread. Absolutely amazing! Their menu is avant garde and eclectic, with a nice selection of wine and beers. A must visit to experience all that this little place has to offer.
