5	Abel just opened up his very own salon!  I was so happy to discover that the beginning stages of his dream have started- a hip salon (up and running) and a tattoo parlor (in the works)!   The cozy salon is located just off of 7th St & Colter in Central Phoenix.  I'm so happy with my amazing hair maestro!  To be fair, I was seeing Abel (owner of Shampoo Ink) at another salon before he opened up his own and I was always very happy with him there.  For those of you with luscious curly locks- look no further than Shampoo Ink (for the men/women with straight hair- if a maestro is great with curly they'll be great with straight)!The salon is very welcoming.  The decor is modern and clean.  The chalk board with pricing info is nice to see when you go check in and the reception bar (a salon that POSTS their prices!!!!) and mini-fridge has some tasty beverages.  Abel took me back to my chair and we discussed my hair and went to work. I honestly barely noticed he was cutting my hair because our conversation was very engaging. Then all of the sudden my hair was being blown straight (a luxury for me- I hate doing it myself) without loading my hair with tons of product.  A few finishing touches and voila- I was ready to hit the town!  And after a few glorious days with straight hair, the true cut was put to the test- I washed my hair!  The curly-hair fear is after a cut and blowout, the cut doesn't fall correctly when the hair is in its natural state.  It looks fantastic!Abel is not the only hair maestro at Shampoo Ink but he's the one I know and love.  If he's not available, I'm sure one of his many associates can make your hair feel alive again!  Since they're so new, their website isn't running yet but you can find them on FB.  I do know they're open on Sunday and Monday!!! I hope you enjoy the salon as much as I do!
4	Found this place on Yelp while searching desperately for a salon that could accommodate me for a hair cut on a Thursday night.  Couldn't believe that a hair place in Phoenix would be open until 10 p.m.!  If nothing else, Shampoo Ink is worth checking out just because of their late hours.  Background:  I have weird hair (wavy in parts, straight in parts) and have a ton of it, so incorrect layering causes me a lot of problems.  What I need in a cut is pretty simple but for some reason a lot of haircutters just can't get it right.  They either cut too much or too little.  Sometimes, the haircutter can't deal with the waves and just gets creative, so when I straighten my hair one can see the obvious hack job that was done.  I have suffered many bad haircuts (the worst is getting too much lopped off the top so I look like Krusty the Clown), and often have to get a second haircut to fix what yesterday's haircut got wrong.  I hate having short hair and I especially hate it when it's forced on me by a stylist after I spend a great deal of time explaining what it is that I want and paying a good amount of money for it.  Fortunately for me, Abel at Shampoo Ink got it just right and I won't need a second haircut.  Abel was articulate, considerate and attentive.  (He's also a tattoo artist.)  His place has a good clean vibe.  I got a very good cut at a great price and will definitely go back to Shampoo Ink.
5	I've always been a dude who gets pretty much the same cut- nice and simple.. something that could be done just as well by the barber down the street for $10, or by a friend with a razor on the longest setting. I never even thought of going into a proper salon until a friend was raving about Abel at Shampoo Ink and was telling me what a sweet operation they have going on. I decided to go by and take advantage of the deal for newcomers just to see what I'd been missing and was blown away. Abel and all the rest of the staff were really laid back and helpful. He really listened to what I wanted and was able to give advice where needed, since I had no idea what I was really talking about. Turns out, the right barber can give you a great look without totally breaking from the style you're used to. That's what I got from Abel and I'll be going back again and again.
5	I love this place! I was looking to get a unique cut, I wanted something called a widows peak. I wasnt going to trust great clips for a job like this, so I looking on yelp for somewhere that would even know what I am talking about!So I walked in and it is the coolest little place, brick walls, a blackboard with the prices and such on it and an awesome, vontage, punk feel. I absolutely loved it, and I loved the way she did my hair! I cant recall her name, sadly, but she did an awesome job and was the sweetest thing!Anyways, if you need a great haircut or new style, this is the place to go, and you also get free bang trimms! Awesome place, and my new hair salon!
5	I drank a red-stripe and got my hair done by an artist - Sonia.  Why not give it a 5? Hair shampooed, cut, washed w/ conditioner and then styled.
5	What a great little place, very easy going and friendly atmosphere, not like some other salons where you feel a little intimidated walking in.I needed a change, wearing the same style for a few years. I had a coupon to get a cut, style and partial highlights with a stylist named Celi. She was absolutely awesome. I asked for some suggestions in a style, I have been wearing the short bob everyone else has.  I wanted to cut it off, but not too short, so we went with a version of the Pixie cut and did some color, a really nice wine color to go along with my dark brown hair.  It came out great, I couldn't be happier.Also met her brother who is the owner, really nice and both of them were very personable and easy to talk too.  Customer service is tops on their list. I will be back.Shampoo Ink - you rock!
5	This was my first visit, I was lucky enough to book an apt with Sally!  She colored and cut my hair perfectly! Great vibe! Tequila Thursdays! They are open 9am till 10pm! This is now my salon! Anyone looking for a place that will finally get it right, look no further!
5	I was looking to get my hair cut after having grown it out for my wedding, and came across a Weeklyplus deal for this salon with Juli. The deal was for a Cut, conditioning treatment, all-over color and style for $25, and boy was it worth every penny and more!!Not only was Juli super friendly and funny, but she is amazing at what she does. She explained everything to me as she went along, making suggestions and keeping me entertained the entire time. She is by far the best hair stylist I have had out here, and I have tried quite a few. The end result was just what I was looking for. Her suggestion for my hair color was spot on and it looks so rich! My cut was just right, and it really needed it, cutting off about 6-7 inches :) It looks amazing, lays perfectly upon just air drying, and also looks super cute when styled.Juli would get 10 stars from me if it were available. Thank you so much and I can't wait to go back for my next appointment! :)
5	Couldn't have been happier with my haircut and the place in general.  Not only was I able to get my haircut at 8 on a Saturday night, but it is the best haircut I've gotten since moving to Phoenix.  Plus, they have beer.  AND good music and art.  AND, it was only $25 for a shampoo/cut.  I didn't look at prices before I sat down, and was expecting a $40+ bill at the end so I was more than pleasantly surprised when it came to a grand total of twenty five bucks.  Definitely make this the next place you get your hair cut.
5	I went to Shampoo Ink the other day and my stylist was Kelly. The shop is pretty cool and I love that instead of being offered just water they will also offer you a beer.  I didn't know what  style or cut I really wanted but Kelly seemed to know what I wanted.  We went with layers and bangs. She even got me to go with an "edgier" bang that I would have normally been hesitant to go with. She is absolutely awesome, so awesome that my boyfriend goes to her now!
5	This salon has a great feel when you walk in.  I love its brick walls and the chalk board door used to state the menu and prices.  The people working in the salon are all warm, kind and hip.  There is a tattoo studio in a back room, a nail gal with amazing hair and 7 chairs for hair. My stylist was Kelly Kay who is amazing!  She brought my dyed black hair back to light blonde.  Her cuts are always amazing and my hair is fine and not easy to cut.  She's precise and has an quite the artistic eye!  She has also cut my teen's hair and my 10 year old.  She makes my daughter with thick wavy hair look amazing!  If you're looking for color she is the best!  I've had problems in the past with other stylist and breakage.  Kelly Kay is so careful to not overlap and damage the hair.A must check out if you are looking for a new stylist!  KELLY KAY!
5	I had one of the best experiences here! I have been looking for a salon that would be able to work with my crazy schedule have great prices and be close to my house. Shampoo ink is open late and even open on the weekends! I had JULI who was amazing!!! Went in for a cut and full highlight and it only cost me 65 bucks! Other salons would've cost me over 100 dollars since my hair is so long. However you can't beat that price!The places decor is so cute with the brick walls and chalkboard prices. Once again JULI was amazing she does a wonderful job with color and she's so precise with cutting hair. Highly recommend this place!!
5	I have not had any hair services here, however there is an awesome lady here who does nails.  I found Gaylee via one of the daily deal type sites and booked her for Shellac.  Having recently over the past year become obessed with Shellac  (My job is rough on my hands and I gave up getting a traditional manicure or painting my own nails because they would not withstand the abuse...and then I found Shellac and my love affair began) I am always looking for a good deal on it.  I have gone to a couple of places (my usual discount place where normal manis are just fine..to find that their Shellac training isn't super...to other salons...to find that they mix Shellac with other off brands and then you have to go back twice to get them fixed in one week...don't get me started).  And then I found Gaylee.....I don't know what she does different, maybe it is because she listens to me when I say my hands go through the ringer at work and puts two top coats on... I don't know...  But I have never had better Shellac manicures than I have had with her!  Now every time I see a deal of her's online (I am on a strict budget here people...sorry...I would rather spend more money on the tip than the product) I grab it...Centrally located at Shampoo Ink, she is easy to get to when I am out and about running errands... She is flexible in her scheduling and witty in her chatting (last time I was in we actually looked up a new eatery down the street on Yelp mid manicure).  I would recommend her to anyone... *Side note...parking is a b*tch at Shampoo Ink, but it is worth the minor annoyance to get the best Shellac manicure in town....(I will also re-post this under her name as well considering that is how it shows up on the deal sites...for fellow deal hunters)
5	Was lucky enough to get a coupon deal for this place, and I'm so glad I did!  I got a groupon-type deal for partial highlights, cut, and deep condition with Juli.  I left the salon leaving with silky soft hair and bright new highlites.  Juli was GREAT, and I'll be going back in the future.  Their normal prices are reasonable, better than most places I have found & although I live in Gilbert, it will be worth the drive to go here to see Juli.
5	Before I came to Shampoo Ink, I had never paid more than $20 for a haircut. My hair just wasn't something I spent a whole lot of money on. But after my first appointment with the amazing and beautiful Sonia, I was hooked. Abel and Sonia are so warm, friendly and down to earth. They are also truly artists and listen to what you want, then exceed your expectations. I never got color done, but we talked about a few times and Sonia was great at listening and talking with me about what will and won't work for me. I fully trust her opinion and skill. Most of the time, I just sat down and said "Do whatever you think will look good!", and I always walked out impressed and happy. The interior space is great - exposed brick, grey walls, fantastic art and amazing music. Pricing is completely reasonable and you get free bang trims in between cuts, which is much needed for me. I just moved out of Phoenix and am not looking forward to finding a new place to get my hair done because Shampoo Ink is definitely one of a kind. I'll be making an appointment with Sonia every time I come home. (And hoping that the tattoo studio will be open soon!)
4	I went here with a groupon.  I've been trying out different salons down town to see what I like, and Shampoo Ink has been on my list, so when I saw the deal, maybe it was actually living social?, I jumped on it.  I'm happy I did.Sally was kind, funny, and professional.  She answered all my questions, gave me advice, and told me exactly what she was doing while she was cutting and styling my hair.  I am very happy with the finished product, and really enjoyed my time in the salon.  The eyebrow waxing is a really nice additional service.The salon is clean, and the art and set up makes for a very cool atmosphere.Everyone who worked there was nice, and seemed generally happy to be working there.Sally gushed about her brother, the owner of the salon, which was endearing.  He even made an appearance and we talked about one of his past jobs in banking.  The whole experience was laid back and comfortable, made even more relaxing by the feeling that you are in the hands of a professional.I will be back.
5	I had a great experience here.  The lady that did my hair did exactly what I asked for.  I would go here again and again.  It is a little hidden but well worth the hunt.
5	Great customer service. Awesome haircut by Abel. Definitely a 5 star experience.
5	Trendy little salon at great prices and great stylists. I've received a ton of compliments on my hair since going there and will continue to be a customer in the future.Started by using a deal certificate $40 cut color, cut, style. Juli was awesome. She took the time to color my hair turning me blond while leaving streaks of my brown in. Most stylists would have shortcut it and bleached me then put in low-lights close to my natural hair color, especially when they are doing it for a discount rate. She took the time to foil my hair carefully and was doing about 4-5 foils of blond then leaving a row of my natural brown in. Looked fantastic,  and didn't damage my hair as much as the other way would have. She also gave me a trendy little cut that set off my natural curls nicely, yet still looked good when I straightened it. The second time I went in she still managed to keep most of the natural brown from the first times while doing my roots. She's the first stylist in  a long time that I would recommend, as my natural curls prove too difficult for most and have had one bad experience after another. Prices are moderate, but are an absolute steal if you compare them to the quality you get.
5	Today I stopped by Shampoo Ink and I LOVE it!!! The place is amazing and the staff is phenomenal :) Abel made my hair look alive again. I will definitely be stopping by again. My drive from Maricopa was worth it!
5	I went to Shampoo Ink after getting a deal through Groupon. I'm easy to please in the hair department, but haven't been wowed in awhile. I have longer very thick hair which makes cuts pretty hard to mess up but I've never really had a stylist layer how my hair should be layered to make styling the easiest. Sonja did an awesome job! She really took the time to cut, layer and style until she and I both were happy with it.  Very happy customer, and will be back for sure!
5	I decided to check this salon out after reading the great reviews and because it was close to my house and I am so pleased. The salon itself is cool without making me feel that I wasn't enough of a hipster to be in there. Allie did my hair and she was awesome. She was super fun to just chat with and my hair feels awesome and a ton healthier. Like another client mentioned, she took the time to show me three ways to do my hair because she didn't want me to just get frustrated and throw it in a pony. Such an enjoyable experience and reasonable prices on top of it. I will definitely be returning.
5	Thanks to all you reviewers- I found Shampoo Ink on yelp....and SO GLAD I did!!!  Kelly transformed my flat, lifeless uber-long 1 length dark blonde hair into a work of art- with bright blonde and purple highlights ombre-style with long layers and side-swept bangs.  She even styled it for me for an event I was going to the next day.  My hair got lots of compliments.  Kelly was meticulous with the color, cut and style.  She took her time and stayed an hour after closing to make sure I was thrilled with the result.  She gave me lots of tips for styling and maintaining the health of my hair.  She was a lot of fun to spend 4+ hours with and very professional.  The cost of everything she did to my hair was an absolute steal.  The vibe of the salon is creative and artsy without being impossibly hipster.  I loved every part of my experience.  I'll definitely be back!
5	Went to Shampoo Ink after buying a deal on Living Social... so glad I did! I absolutely love Sally. She gave me a fabulous haircut and she was great to talk to. It is a great small family business and I plan on going back again. Great salon, friendly staff, and great art to look at on the walls.
4	Juli did an awesome job on my hair. I did the May special, $50 for cut, highlights, and style. She was really helpful with picking out the highlight color. She was really careful and checked my layers thoroughly before letting me go. The straight across bangs she did look great; a lot of people can't cut them right. I can't believe how good my experience was for the price. I'm definitely coming back!
5	I have actually used the "Ink" side to this shop twice and will not go to another shop ever again. Marcos did both of my tattoos and I can honestly say that the one behind my ear did not hurt one bit. I have my other ear done so I can compare between artists. Wish I would have gone to him first. He has a light hand but gets full saturation :) I love the atmosphere of the shop and everyone is so friendly. I am looking forward to using the Shampoo side.
5	I bought a Google Offer for cut, style, and partial highlight. I booked with Sonia. And I paid to upgrade to Ombre coloring.The building is very cool and spacious. There is plenty of room between styling chairs.Sonia was amazing. Few places give lengthy scalp massages while they wash your hair. Sonia did, though. Much appreciated. We then talked about my cut and color. She got the perfect mix of stylish yet simple for my hair cut and my Ombre turned out beautiful. Definitely will go back.Oh, and they do free bang trims, FYI.
5	I went in the other day for a haircut with Kelly Kay and her work was awesome. I will never go to another stylist again. Her prices are fair and you will get an amazing cut, color, whatever you wanted. I would recommend her strongly. The decor of the salon is really trendy and makes for a great environment.
5	I have been living in Phx over 5 years and have struggled all 5 years to find a great salon and stylist that didn't want to charge an obscene amount of money to get my hair done.  I've been using Paul Mitchell products for a very long time and exhausted all my options for salons here in Phoenix.  That is, Until I found this place.  I'm SOOO glad they started carrying Paul Mitchell because not only is the place great so was my stylist.I love that this place is still individually owned and not all corporate.  The girl who did my hair also talked highly of the owner, which I thought was great.  I've only been here once but I will definitely be returning. I am a hair snob and have actually walked out of salons before if I didn't feel like I was clicking with the stylists.  This time I'll be marching myself back in there every few months!
5	L O V E this place, Sonia is my stylist. I found out about them through yelp.com. I came to her after a bad haricut from Arizona Hair Co in Tempe Marketplace. Sonia talked to me first and listened to what I wanted. She did a great job and fixed my hair :). After each style I get so many compliments and even from my mom which means a lot. She is intelligent and knows what she is doing. This will be my third time going this Saturday. I have found my stylist and I will be with her for awhile. Everyone that knows me, knows how PICKY I'am and Sonia is the best. One thing that is wonderful about Sonia is that she remembers our convo's and I know she take cares of a lot of people and that just makes me feel special! Cut and Color Sonia is a PRO, I trust her!!!
1	I really wanted to like this salon.  It has a cool concept with the art work and the tattoo artists that are there.  It is in a cute spot!  I just did not have the best experience.  I went in to donate my hair for locks of love.  I found this place by a google search for places who are familiar with the donation.  Julie booked my appointment and even changed my time to later because of work! Excellent right?  Yes, so far I was off to a good start.  I had measured my hair length the night before and figured 10 inches would be right at my shoulder blades.  When I sat  down in the chair with Julie we discussed my hair style, I even showed her pictures of a couple styles I liked.  She then informed me that she did not have a tape measure.  Her co-worker offered her a comb that had a ruler. Great we measured what we not agreed on 10 inches.  Her co-worker then says, well cut above the pony tail holder.  I could not see where the pony tail holder was in relation to the measure line.  Julie then started to cut...OMG it was three inches below my ears.  Oh god!  It was not like I could glue my hair back on.  She then proceeded with the color.  Meh.  It was all over dark brown, I had some highlights in the front, she said they might show through but they showed through REALLY bad!  The next day at work under the fluorescent lights it was really pronounced.  So now onto the cut.  I had told Julie that  I had wanted to make sure my hair could go into a pony tai.  She had mentioned an angled bob.  I told her I had that style in the past and did not want it again because it was a pain to grow back out.  Well, like the pony tail cutting process, she went ahead and cut it the way SHE wanted it.  The hair on the very back of my head is about two inches long ;(  I paid her the $70 for the cut and color and even tipped her $20 but I will not be back.  I went home and measured my pony tail and it was 15 inches.  How does 10 inches off turn into 15... that is such a huge difference.  I really wish that I had been listened to when having such a personal thing as having that much hair cut off.  Like I said I did really want to like this place but I just did not have that great of experience....
5	Love, love, love Shampoo Ink! I've been going here for the past 5 months and I'm impressed every time I go. Everyone is incredibly nice and the prices are reasonable. My hairstylist Alli B. is amazing! I went to Shampoo Ink to get a lilac color and Alli listened and wasn't scared of the idea. Even though we didn't do the lilac color that day (I had dark brown hair and was damaged by previous coloring) she and I decided to lighten my hair every month so I don't damage it. Instead we did a purple ombre and it came out great! I also recommended her to a friend who wanted purple and was skeptical because the other place she went to, did a horrible job, but I'm glad to say that my friend left happy.I would recommend this place and Alli B. to anyone who's looking for an urban, funky, fun place to get your hair done at a reasonable price:)
5	I first went here when I had a Groupon for a shellac pedicure. The pedicure came out well and the experience was great. Gaylee did an awesome job and was fun to chat with. After getting my pedi, I started following Shampoo Ink on Facebook and noticed that they had this fantastic Black Friday sale offering 50% off all of their services. Since I had a good pedi experience and the Yelp reviews were good, I decided to take advantage of the sale. I purchased a highlight and cut & style and they set me up with Alli. Alli definitely lived up to the Yelp reviews. Her communication was great throughout the appointment and she was honest in explaining the pros and cons of the style that I had wanted. She also is very helpful in showing how to style you own hair at home. She gave me exactly what I asked for and did such a great job at a reasonable price that she is now my regular stylist.
5	I was in Phoenix caring for family & decided I needed a haircut. I searched Yelp & decided on Shampoo Ink, even though it was a 45 minute drive. I called on a Saturday & was given an appointment the next day, which was a pleasant surprise. I found it easily. Celi gave me a wonder cut & color. Even had my eyebrows threaded at spur of the moment. Celi was chatty & likeable, as was Kelly Kay at the next chair. No pressure to buy products, though I decided to try one. Salon is super cool, art & atmosphere fun! I wish I could get my hair cut there every time!
5	Went in again and this time to see Julie. She gave me a great cut and some amazing low lights in a darker red. Still a great place and I definitely will continue to come back.
5	Shampoo Ink offers not only a comfortable ambiance, sincere hospitality, a range of good music to listen to while receiving quality treatment, but also a very sweet staff that seems to absolutely love their work place.I get my hair cut by Alli B. She is shaping my hair to grow long without looking like Carol Brady in the process. She does a great job. She is also the only make up artist on staff and apparently does a fantastic job since she was recently hired for a very special gig. Shampoo Ink deserves a try, especially to those of you who prefer a chill atmosphere.
5	OK, so I have to admit that I've been plucking my own gray hairs out of my head for too long and decided I needed to color my hair before I ended up with bald spots! I stopped by my usual salon and was quoted over 200 dollars for a trim and color. Being a teacher, this was a little steep. I stumbled upon Shampoo Ink, made an appointment, and couldn't be happier! My appointment was with Celi (pronounced Sally) and she is glorious! I showed her a picture of the color I wanted to try out and we worked together to find something similar that would look good with my skin tone. Celi is amazing, brilliant and takes the time to do the job right. I am so happy that I found a friendly place and a stylist that did a fantastic job. Oh, and the prices? Super reasonable!
5	Finally found the BEST salon and stylist ever! I've tried the expensive high end salons, as well as the small lower priced salons. If you want a place that makes you feel totally relaxed, go see Sally at Shampoo Ink! I desperately needed a make-over, and I walked out feeling and looking amazing! Trust Sally... She knows what she's doing! I already booked my next appointment with her before I left the salon. However appointments aren't necessary. THANK YOU, SALLY!
5	Many thanks to my fellow Yelpers on this one - Best cut and highlights I've had in years!Made an appt. with Sally for cut and full highlights for the summer. She pulled out swatches of hair colors that really made it easy to identify exactly what I wanted. It took awhile because I have long hair with grey highlights already (thank you, Aging...sigh), but came out great. Need something long and low maintenance and it turned out awesome!She asked the right questions and is one of the most professional and genuinely nice stylists I've been to in eons. Price was reasonable and affordable, which I also appreciated. She truly has a gift and is detailed oriented. Wouldn't go to anyone else - thanks, Sally!
5	Shampoo Ink is EVERYTHING! I moved back to Phoenix 8 months ago, and kept putting off having my hair done because I wasn't sure where to go after being gone 10 years. Made an appt with Sally for cut & highlights thanks to Yelp reviews and the internets.  Prices are definitely reasonable, and a great vibe. Highly recommend and will be back.
5	I wanted to write a review about this salon because not only does my beautiful sister Sonia work there, this place is just awesome all together. Everyone there is so friendly and they never hesitate to make sure their customers are comfortable and well taken care of. Although I only get my hair done by Sonia, everyone else there does a fantastic job as well! Not to mention Hanna, the nail tech. She is the only lady that I trust with threading my eyebrows.  All in all, this place is great and I would recommend it to everyone looking for a long term hair stylist/ nail tech.
1	I'm sad to say that I won't be returning to Shampoo Ink.I had texted Juli to see how much a cut and color was. A little on the pricey side for me, so I was going to wait awhile until I went in.Then, I was in contact with Abel, the owner. I was going to be a part of a cutting class, which gave me a free cut. So, I texted Juli to ask if she could color my hair the day of the cutting class. Giving her my business for a color was better than nothing at all (I thought). Soon after I sent this text, Abel calls me and tells me that I cannot do the class because I am Juli's client and he "didn't want to step on any toes".  I can only assume Juli had went to him and complained that she wasn't going to be cutting my hair. I don't recall ever signing a contract to only see one stylist here. Abel also had my name and either didn't look me up to see if I was already a customer, or he didn't think it was an issue that I was a customer but then Juli complained. There are plenty of other salons to go to, and many are cheaper and closer, but I liked Juli and how she did my hair so I WANTED to endure the 40 minute drive there. Abel's choice to call me and tell me I wasn't "allowed" to go to the class was a terrible business choice. Very petty for $40. Think of the customer as a person, not as an object that BELONGS to one stylist.
5	Abel (owner) cut my hair and it turned out great! Short on the sides with a really good blend. I typically go to the Scottsdale barbershop for a clean cut (gentlemen's fade), but I'd say Abel's work was better than I had anticipated. Thumbs up if you're a dude in the area wanting a fresh haircut... Not to mention, they have beer and are open 'till 10pm!
5	I have to thank Yelp for helping me find this place. I'm new to the Phoenix area and was in desperate need for a haircut. After years of paying for bad cuts, I'd rather grow my hair out and tie it up than deal with the pain of growing out a style I hate for months (which is what I ended up doing the last two years or so).I was able to make a same day appointment with Sonia. The mini massage I got while she washed my hair was, on its own, worth the price I paid for my cut. She was extremely friendly, polite, and meticulous in making sure I got the cut I described and wanted. She answered all questions I had regarding styling and made the whole experience pleasant. I think the cut was reasonably price as well.I highly recommend Sonia if you're new to Shampoo Ink. I am already certain that this will be my go to salon in Phoenix.
5	I have to credit and give a BIG thank you to all you yelpers on here for helping me find my new hair-do home!  I looked through tons of reviews for tons of locations and kept coming back here, as I found five stars almost all over the place. And for good reason, it turns out!Shampoo Ink is phenomenal. Tucked away so it's quiet and cool, and worth searching for (I got ever so slightly lost when I first tried to find it...but that's due to my OWN errors. I'm navigationally challenged).  I've been used to having to wait for sometimes WEEKS to get in to see a stylist, then pay through the nose for a color/cut service that could take upwards of four or five hours. When I booked my appointment, I really wanted the service the very NEXT day.  I was certain they would tell me there was no way, that I'd have to wait at least a week or more.  To my utter surprise and delight, I was given a plethora of options for times THE NEXT DAY to choose from!  The place is like a funky, cool art shop.  Very clean, very nice, relaxed vibe. Perfect for a downtown location.  My stylist was Juli, who was totally delightful and awesome.  She understood exactly what I wanted, I got a cut and full highlights (and I have a huge, thick, forest of hair so it can't have been easy for her). The entire process took less than 2 hours and cost LESS than I'd been paying for years.  I was amazed and super happy.Highly recommend this place to anyone and EVERYONE looking for hair awesomeness!! Thank you, shampoo ink!
5	Alli is awesome! she has been doing my hair now for about a year and a half! I drive from north phoenix to see her and she always gets me in when needed. every haircut is better than the last!!
5	Alli is great!  I needed to find a new hairdresser when my current one announced she would be closing her business. I wanted to find someone who could do wild and fun things with color and I am so glad I found Alli!  She's always up for an experiment and offers good suggestions - so far all of the experiments have all turned out amazing. We've done a few different tones of purple and even purple ombre panels. A couple of times the colors have faded pretty quickly - it's not permanent color and we're working with hair that used to be dyed black - and she has offered quick and affordable color touch-ups on short notice. I know that making frequent changes with colors like this - I'm capricious about my hair, what can I say? - can require some extra maintenance, and Alli accommodates this need in ways that fit with my schedule and my budget. I couldn't ask for a better stylist!The salon in general is great -  there's always really fun music playing, and everyone is super friendly. There's a cute little refreshment station with water and coffee (and maybe beer?) available - going there feels treating myself to a low-key pampering where I am well taken care of, without the trappings of a place that's all snobby and stuffy. The salon sells a full line of Paul Mitchell products, but no one has EVER pushed anything on me - they're just available if you need them, otherwise there's no hard sell.I'd recommend Shampoo Ink as a fun, hip, low-key place to get your hair done, especially if you're looking to do new, fun things with your hair.
5	Mark and I both tried a few places before finding Shampoo Ink on Yelp. Can't say enough about how awesome this place is! Abel (the really hip owner) takes care of Mark's hair - he's got long hair and wants to keep growing. Mark has had some bad experiences in the past and now swears he will go to Abel forever. Abel's sister Celi is my go-to for color and cuts. She is an awesome stylist and real cool to 'hang' with while I'm there. My hair always turns out exactly the way I want it, to the point where I just let her choose the color because she now knows what I like - no problem with either of them remembering  us from visit to visit, a problem we've both experienced in the past. The place is beautiful and inviting. The prices are so much better than any of the other high-end establishments we've tried. YOU WON'T BE DISAPPOINTED!
5	Thank you yelp for helping me find this place and my forever go to hairstylist Alli. Alli is amazing from color and cut to fashion styles to full head extensions. I've done it all with her. I will never trust anyone to touch my hair again. The entire staff there are very knowledgeable and fun to talk with while getting my hair done. Like I said I've done a full head of extensions and that can take awhile...especially with my thick hair, but everyone just made the time fly. I've never did a keratin fusion bond before and was a little nervous, but after Alli went over care...process...and removal I was more relaxed and excited about them. I loved my extensions and would love another set...but I'm giving my head some time to rest. What I love is that she takes what your thinking in your head and makes it better. Most stylist don't even come close...I've been a victim of hairstylist with itching fingers who can't help but cut to much way too many times. I never fear that with Alli. She's growing out her hair too so she knows how every little inch of hair counts.  Go to shampoo ink and ask for Alli...you won't regret it.
4	I made an appointment for a haircut at Shampoo Ink after finding them on Yelp.  Cassie cut my hair - she was very nice and went over everything she was going to do before she started.  She even gave my super straight hair a cute little curl when she was done.  I really like the framing around my face.  The only downside to the experience were the two ladies getting their hair and makeup done in the room with me.  They would not stop jabbering really mean things about people they knew.  It was pretty exhausting to have to listen to for an hour.
5	Sonia is the BEST! I went to the salon after reading really great reviews on Yelp and it was the best decision ever. When I arrived I was greeted promptly and offered a beverage. When Sonia was ready, I told her I wanted an ombre for my hair and a hair cut. She was able to interpret my vague idea and it turned out great. I think she knew what I wanted more than I did! She was super easy to talk to and told me what she was doing before she did anything. I would definitely recommend Sonia and Shampoo Ink!!
5	I have been a client of Sally for over a year and she does a great job on my hair cut and color. I'm a natural blonde, but my hair has gotten darker and darker every year since high school. I like to keep my baby blonde highlights and she keeps my hair looking healthy and fantastic. I always get compliments on my color. The salon is hip and upbeat, and the artwork is sometimes a bit eccentric. They feature a different local artist monthly and it often is very cutting edge and raw. Parking is always a struggle, but as long as my hair looks great when I leave, I can deal with it!  I've paid way more money for my hair to look half as great. Her prices are fair and she's a sweetheart!
5	I have been using this vendor for hair cuts for almost 2 years, but only because Juli works there. I used the same barber ("stylist", whatever) for 10 years before switching to Juli when my previous stylist disappeared.Juli is awesome, always gets my cut right, and has become the stylist of choice for many of my friends and family in the last several months.At this point, you have to book with Juli 2 - 3 weeks in advance, but she is worth it.My only complaint is that the place is hard to find, and parking (behind the salon) is a nightmare. Again, still worth it to have Juli keep my hair right.
5	Man, oh man, am I late to the party on this one! I have been going to Celi at Shampoo Ink for about 2 years now (4-5 appointments within that timeframe) and she really is fantastic for coloring and cutting curly hair. They always say "it takes one to know one," and that Celi has curly hair herself definitely gives me an extra boost of confidence (outside, of course, of the great results I get every time). She has done a variety of color jobs for me - from ombre to dark to red - and the results have been vibrant and long-lasting. Two other benefits of this great spot: 1. Price - they charge a lot  less for cut, color and style that most other places I've been and I think it's a great deal for the quality2. Hours - they are open late on weeknights which is great for the working professionals out there (don't know about you, but I can't really take a half day off of work just to get my hair done) My boyfriend has also been going to Shampoo Ink to get his hair done. His stylist of choice is Alli and she has also done a great job for him. Highly recommended!
5	For a beautiful and long-lasting manicure and pedicure go see Jocelyn at Shampoo Ink! She is a perfectionist and offers great suggestions for those of us that need help with color ideas. Her French manicure is my favorite and she rocks with shellac manis! She is always on time and professional, too!
5	ALWAYS love my hair when I walk out of Shampoo Ink. Juli is my stylist. If you don't like your hair when she's finished, just tell her! I have never had to tell her that though. The feel in the salon is trendy and modern. It's cute clean and homie. Juli is up to date on current trends and she's fun!! Today when I left I was very satisfied with my blonde partial highlights and she added layers to my long thick hair. She's quick and knows what she's doing!! Thanks for making my hair beautiful again Juli!!! Won't go anywhere else.
5	All I have to say is, GO SEE JULIE GO SEE JULIE!!!! After trial and error with a few salons in the area I have finally found the one!!! And the one stylist that I shall return to until her fingers fall off!!!Super cool and quaint atmosphere! A must for anyone.
5	I absolutely love this salon! Every time I come I feel welcomed and at home. The decor is very modern and there is lots of cool artwork to look at while you wait. Sonia colored and cut my hair. I'm not picky when it comes to color so I allowed her to do whatever she liked to it which turned out amazing! I also wanted to go from long hair to short hair and she knew exactly what I wanted. She did such an amazing job on my hair and I left so happy! No one else will touch my hair but her and I will definitely continue to go to shampoo ink.
5	I just moved to town a few months back and was in dire need to tame the mane.  I had a Paul Mitchell salon that I was super faithful to for the past six years, it was hard to leave them but after this, my very first cut with Sonia I'm positive I'm in good hands.  The studio is ultra hip but not pretentious.  It felt exclusive but I was made to feel very welcomed.  I am extremely pleased with the cut I was given, the awesome info products and even awesomer info on the hot spots (best coffee, best bars) in the area.  Big ups to Sonia for being rad.
5	I wanted to get my hair colored for the first time so I did a lot of research online before picking a salon.  Shampoo Ink got great reviews and after going there myself I was not disappointed!  Abel did a great job on my highlights and cut.  He was very informative and helped to me to decide on a color that a first-timer like me would be comfortable with.  Another plus is the salon's amazing hours.  For people with busy schedules their extend hours are a HUGE plus!
5	It takes a lot to impress me....Like a lot a lot... No really. A lot. But Heidi nailed it!!! From years of working in a high dollar customer service industry I have ... Hmmm how do I say... Maybe... Unrealistic expectations that everyone just understands how to treat a customer.,. Um I am a human just like you... Well sorta. That being said----I never really cared about my hair-- did the super cheap crapycuts thing forever. Until now... I realized I didn't care cuz crappycuts didn't care....  This place is perfect. I love the environment, fun and friendly staff. Its like a place i might actually chose to just go chill... It has a great sense of community, like it just belongs there.Heidi is amazing. She always pays attention to detail and explains all of your options. (Ps.. Keep in mind they are your options, just like any other experience you chose to partake in,,be grown act grown..what!,) You can see how much care and passion she has for the craft. The price list is on a chalk board (yea! thas cool) and wait they actually take the time to set expectations right upfront. For me, it is always hard to find somewhere you feel comfortable let alone some one who does good work. Fun place...This place truly has a good thing.. Customer service..check! Talented and professional staff..check..!Awesome location..check!Free drink.. Check!Done done and dizzzun!!Jsnow out!
5	I've been getting my hair cut and colored by Alli for over a year now, so I figured it's time for an update. My haircuts and color have been consistently great! I look forward to coming here every 8 weeks, as the salon is very comfortable, clean, and the prices are still reasonable. Alli is an amazing stylist, as well as super fun to be around, the 2+ hours I spend with her always seem to go by very fast. I still highly recommend Shampoo Ink and Alli as a stylist.
4	Love this place. I've been twice. Cost is very reasonable without a compromise to the quality. I'm one of those shy customers who is not well versed in hair, so I usually leave salons slightly disappointed...but I'm 2 for 2 on the satisfaction scale here! Both Abel and Veronica are fabulous at their job...and everyone else who works there is friendly, offering a smile and hello. They're a funky place who understand the simple too! I've never gotten more compliments on my hair. I plan to keep coming back to this place. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because both times I've been made to wait at least 15 minutes before getting started...like a doctors office, I'm ok with the wait though if it means I get the attention and care I need :)
5	First time in Phoenix and read the reviews on Yelp. I'm glad to pick this place and the employees are very friendly (Deaf Friendly too). I had Veronica as my stylist, she did an amazing job with my hair. Veronica understood exactly what I wanted and double checked with me to make sure what I wanted. Veronica did an excellent job with undercut and quiff style. I do recommend her (even she is so nice lady and cute too:She work from Tuesday through Saturday)As for interior, it's cute and rock looking salon. Very cute and simple, easy to relaxing while get hair done.I spent about $35 for cut and shampoo/conditioner plus tip too. I believe is the price is just right for me and felt it's worth it.
5	I was in town for work and needed serious work on my hair. I was lucky to get a late afternoon appointment and was attended to by the owner himself. That alone was enough to get me to return. He listened to my hair challenges, made a sensible suggestion then proceeded to do his magic!Also, he has great passion for his craft; the vision he has for his business is inspiring! It is rare to see dedication and innovation combined when it comes to a local salon business; glad to have had the opportunity to benefit from it. Keep up the great work!!! Phoenix is lucky to have you!
5	Always love this place. Friendly people and although parking can be a little tricky its no big deal. Alli took my hair from past my shoulders to a pixie cut and did a fantastic job! She always listens the exactly what I want and works with me until I'm perfectly happy.
1	I was looking for a new stylist and settled on Shampoo Ink after seeing the reviews on Yelp. I was celebrating a milestone birthday and wanted a new do.I requested an overall color and ombre highlights. I provided the stylist with two photos of the look I desired and she got started. After more than five hours in the chair (spread out over two appointments), what I got was nice, but just not what I wanted. My total cost after tip was $245. Yikes!The stylist was very sweet and most of the staff seemed quite friendly but I was put off by the fact that I was charged at the correction appointment too. It felt wrong that I was paying (in time and money) for her mistake. And alas, the overall result was still not quite what I wanted. I won't return to Shampoo Ink. I felt I was overcharged for a look that missed the mark.
5	I have been coming here for about a year and am thoroughly impressed every time.  It is on the smaller side and has a brick interior and great artwork inside. It has a very warm and intimate vibe.  Always a nice selection of music playing and the staff is sweet as could be.  I have seen Celi and Julie and both ladies are fantastic.  I trust this place to give me the look I want for a fair price.  I highly suggest checking it out!
4	I was visiting Phoenix for a conference, and really needed a haircut, so decided to take a chance on Shampoo Ink due to good reviews. I had no trouble making a same-day appointment and didn't wait at all once I arrived. I feel badly that I can't for the life of me remember who cut my hair, but she had recently moved to PHX from out-of-state, and we had great conversation as she did exactly what I wanted with my hair! I was a bit confused about the final price after seeing the blackboard with prices that were lower than what I was charged, but was so happy with my cut that I let it go. Haven't loved a haircut this much in a while!
5	Can't believe it's taken so long for me to comment on Shampoo Ink and my stylist Heidi!  I've made so many changes to my hair over the year from blonde to red to transitioning back to blonde and every change we've done I've received so many compliments.  It's hip but not too trendy to intimidate anyone.  I even recommended my boyfriend to give it a try for a professional cut and he loved the extra treatment he received from Heidi.  Heidi never pushes product, but will make suggestions when I need something.  Love this place and would suggest Heidi to anyone that needs a new stylist!
5	After just ok and so/so experiences with former stylists, I decided to ask a few friends for a referral.  My good friend- with great hair- recommended Leona at Shampoo Ink.  I've been seeing her for almost a year now and I've never been more happy with a stylist!  My hair used to never grow past a certain length (probably from being over processed).  Since I've been seeing Leona my hair has FINALLY been healthy enough to grow and has never felt more full and happy!Leona is incredibly sweet and a great listener.  She always points me in the right direction with color and toner and is wonderfully consistent with her cuts (a slight trim really is just a slight trim- she won't chop your long locks off!!)  Not to mention her blowouts are out of this world!The salon is adorable and the atmosphere is warm and welcoming.  I am one happy client! :)
5	I'm the type of girl who has never spent money on my hair... Shampoo Ink has made me realize it's totally doable! My cut and color was so affordable and didn't take forever... What?! That is never the case! This is THE most amazing spot to get your hair done! The space is incredible, the stylists (Heidi Brooks, my all time fave) are so talented not to mention the stellar art work that is displayed the space. Kudos Shampoo Ink! I will be back!
5	So I'm here to review one of the stylists at Shampoo Ink, Brittany B.FULL DISCLOSURE: I haven't been to this salon (yet) because I live in Atlanta. I am also a friend of hers, because our friendship developed over the course of time she did my hair. This is important for me to share because I will visit her in Arizona. This is relevant because I will book an appointment with her at Shampoo Ink when I do.MY HAIR STORY:I have naturally dark brown hair, and I dyed it black. Four months later I decided to be a pain in the ass and go from black to blonde, so I let a stylist friend do it. He has been doing hair for 25 years, so I figured it was fine.Long story short, by the time I realized I needed to stop seeing him, my hair was dark red on the top, light brown on the ends, there were chunks of blondish color going from top to bottom, harsh lines at my roots, and completely uneven.Enter Brittany, suggested by a mutual friend and client.Brittany is a hair wizard. She was shocked by the state of my hair, but she was able to work with it. And not just work with it, but make it blonde. Make it even. Make it BEAUTIFUL. I'm posting pictures (before and afters) so you can see her incredible skills. My hair has been killer ever since I started seeing her. But then of course she had to go and move to Arizona! Before she left, we talked about how I have been very hesitant to trust another stylist to touch up my hair, so we agreed that my last appointment with her would be more of an ombre so as the roots grew out I wouldn't look insane. Well, it's been almost two months since she has moved (and about the same time I've been overdue for an appointment) and I still get compliments on my hair. The grow-out still looks nice, and quite frankly, there is no one else in Atlanta that I trust to work with my blonde hair. So either I will keep it like this until I see her again, or I'll have to go back to brown. That is how incredible of an artist she is. And I have no problem giving this salon five stars, because if Brittany is the type of the staff they hire, then this is an excellent salon.Shampoo Ink... you guys are so fortunate. Atlanta lost one of its best hairstylists, and YOU GOT HER.
5	I love Shampoo Ink!  In particular, I love Heidi!  I've been going to her for a while now and she always gives me the cut I want.  And when I leave, everyone loves my hair.  She's consistent with her results which is a HUGE plus for me.  I've already referred several people to her who have also gone to her and RAVE about her and how kick ass awesome she is.  I love her energy and the energy of the studio and the fact that everyone is just themselves there.  I HIGHLY recommend Heidi however if you can't get in with her because she's so busy, everyone else does a great job too (you can tell when you like other peoples' haircut. ;) )Go forth and look awesome!
5	I had a great haircut at this cool Phoenix establishment. I'll definitely return when next visiting Arizona.
5	So happy I found this salon and even happier that I found Brittany!!  I've gone to about 4 different salons and could never receive the cut I was asking for. But Brittany nailed it! :) She even took the time to teach me how to style my new cut, which I now do to my hair often. I called on a Saturday and was able to get an appointment the same day. I highly recommend Brittany and so glad to have found her!
