5	Excellent food!! Great Service!! The Cajun Chicken sandwich was fantastic.. Mac&Cheese to die for.. BBQ baby back ribs, Southern Fried Chicken, ALL delish!! Being a TX girl & loving my BBQ- this has become the only place in Vegas to go to. Highly recommend for the BBQ  & it has a well rounded menu for all foodies.
5	This place literally opened a few days ago!  I knew I had to rush home and write this review, so I can be the 2nd person to review this place! When searching for a  restaurant to eat at, today at work, my eyes came across this restaurant.  I'm super familiar with Lucilles BBQ and definitely feel strongly about their food.  I was super excited to try this new location out!It's located right next to the Yard House in the Red Rock Casino.  Such a beautiful location to begin with.  When you walk in, the hostess station blocks the entire restaurant, almost creating a curious affect amongst guests.  Once you round the corner, you're taken into a backyard BBQ oasis!  Southern pictures, vintage dressers and leg lamps from Rocky Horror Picture Show adorn the restaurant. The middle focal point is definitely the bar.  Huge rectangular bar top dressed with flat screens playing sports games and other shows.  You can't help but stare at it.  The restaurant is created to look like you're on gramma's porch, then in her backyard, then in a garden and even a Bourbon style hotel.  This location is unlike any other Lucille's that I've ever been to.  SUPER COOL!The staff.  Man, the staff is on point!  I know this location just opened, however, they are really paying attention to the detail.  The greeters are perky and friendly, the seaters wasn't afraid to strike up a conversation with us as he sat us.  Our server, Joshua, was super attentive, nice and personable.  Whatever we needed, he was there to help.  All the other servers and serving assistants, kept coming back to our table and offering any type of service that would make our experience that much better.  In fact, during dinner, I looked my party and said, "wow, what I like is that they always come around and clear any dirty dishes so our table isn't cluttered."  ON POINT.  The managers, Jessica, Chila and Jeff even came by to say hi.  For dinner, we started with a full size order of the Southern Fried Dill Pickles for $6.49.  It came with 10 pickle spears, battered in spicy flour and deep fried.  This dish is accompanied with ranch dressing and creole mustard.  The batter is light and airy, the wedges aren't too sour, just right!  Juicy and delicious.  My favorite sauce, the creole mustard is flavorful and really enhances the overall taste.  Great dish.  For my meal, I got the Fried Shrimp Po' Boy Sandwich for $11.99.  One of my favorite sandwiches!  Lots of small fried shrimp served on a fresh baked baguette with shredded lettuce, vine-ripened tomatoes, smoked jalapeno tartar sauce and spicy remoulade.  The shrimp was super crispy, sliced tomatoes and lettuce offered a very refreshing taste to the sandwich.  The tartar and remoulade makes you think it's spicy, but certainly not.  The combination of both sauces really takes this sandwich to a whole new level.  It's a huge sandwich and will definitely fill you up!Between the food, biscuits and apple butter, and mason jars, this place is certainly the BEST BBQ WITH THE FINEST SOUTHERN HOSPITALITY.  I'm so jealous of Summerlin residents.  I live in Henderson and frequent the District location.  This location is new, it's fresh, it's awesome!  When you're in the area, definitely check them out.  You will NOT be disappointed!!
4	Could have been a five star review and probably will be on my next visit, but 4 for now. The reasons for the lost of a star are the air conditioning is super cold in there. Not normally a problem, but there doesn't  seem to be any spots in the back dining room to escape the AC. This is a problem, because the food gets cold quickly once it hits the table. The 2nd issue was the Baby back ribs were a little on the dry side. Good flavor, but maybe just a little well done.With that out of the way, this was still a positive 4 star experience. Service was something to be seen in person. Great model of how to service your guest. Ordered the sample appetizer platter. The tri tips were outstanding! As well as every item on the platter. The entree was the 2 meat combo. It included the already mentioned baby back ribs and Brisket. The Brisket was top notch. Sides were authentically good too. They were cheese grits and collard greens.They look to have a really good happy hour too.There's no doubt in my mind the next time will be 5 star! So happy to have Lucille's in Summerlin!
3	The appetizers and sides are delicious! In terms of meat and sauce....I say Famous Dave's has them beat on the pulled pork, chicken and ribs. Coleslaw is fresh and yummy but I prefer the extra kick Famous Dave's slaw offers with the horseradish. The rib tips were great as long as there wasn't too much sauce on them. The deserts looked amazing but we were far too full to try. The biscuits beat corn bread any day! If you're at the Red Rock Lucielle's or The Yard House is the way to go for sure.
4	So glad another Lucille's in town !
4	Had a good morning playing Hold 'Em at Red Rock and noticed they have a Lucille's now. I'm a BBQ fanatic, so a visit on the way out seemed in order.Staff was awesome...extremely attentive and friendly. Was seated and waited on promptly.Went with the lunch BBQ platter, which includes three meats. Chose a hot link, beef tri-tip, and baby back ribs.The sausage was absolutely off the hook...spicy and succulent. One of the best I have ever had.The tri-tip was excellent as well: perfectly cooked, sliced, and the dipping sauce was delicious.The baby back ribs were a major disappointment. Overcooked, dry, and stringy. The local pitmaster really needs to be more attentive to this...when a restaurant identifies itself as a BBQ, ribs need to be cooked competently.Not sure whether I like the sugar dusted biscuits...tasty, but I'm more of a cornbread guy. Mac and cheese side was absolutely solid...not the best I've had, but a solid four stars in any foodies book.No room for desert this time...will try again in a couple of weeks and focus on all three styles of ribs offered to see if the pitmaster gets his 'Q act together.===================================================Second visit. One week later.Had the three meat combo again, this time with St. Louis ribs, 1/4 chicken and another off-the-hook hot link. The ribs were very good...smoked just right. The chicken was fine, but nothing exceptional. Link was just as good as the first I had.Baked been side was a bit on the sweet side...a little more kick would have balanced it out perfectly.Had the banana pudding to top things off...in a word, WONDERFUL.One weird thing. Sat at a table by the bar...when the A/C kicked in you could feel the floor vibrate. Odd, but I can live with it. Going back in a few days to give the baby backs another chance.
5	Awesome Lunch at this brand new addition to Red Rock! Never really enjoyed previous visits to Lucille's in Cali, but my family loves BBQ so... This new BBQ place really hits it out of the park with food, drinks, jazz music mood, & staff working hard to welcome customers... Enjoyed nachos, BBQ chicken salad, peach iced tea, & Mint Julep for dessert...  Did not want to leave & will be back!
5	I finally discovered Lucille's last year and was thrilled when I found out they were opening in Red Rock - no more 30 minute drive. Got a free night and went late. It wasn't busy and I was surprised on how big it was , our waitress was Wendy and she was so nice,informative, helpful and offered us a tea to go- bf was happy ! Didn't think we'd have a bad experience but knowing restaurants that just open wasn't sure ... But it was great and of course the food never disappoints. Just wish I could make it to dessert.. Will probably be back on the weekly. Only down was the hostess were confused on reservations and got it mixed up but no biggie
4	They were located on W Charleston Blvd in the Red Rock Casino next to the Yard House in Las Vegas.  I walked in the door from the outside without going into the casino.  They have been open since 19 August 2013.I ordered from the lunch menu.  I ordered the Baby Back ribs and hot link with the  Honey Roasted Peanut Slaw.  The server brought me a large mason jar of water with a slice of lemon.The server asked me if I wanted biscuits.  She brought out one warm sugar dusted biscuit in a basket with a small container of some kind of spread.   She didn't tell me what it was.  It tasted like a cinnamon cream cheese spread.  When I did finally ask her, she said it was an Apple Cinnamon Butter.  I would go back just for the biscuits.The 3 Baby Back ribs were not very meaty, but they were almost fall off the bone.There were 3 bottles of BBQ sauce on the table.  I did not get a chance to try them since the ribs had plenty of sauce for my liking. Next time I would try the St Louis ribs which are supposed to be meatier..The hot link was grilled perfectly and I would order it again.  The slaw was crunchy  with slices of bell pepper and chopped honey roasted peanuts.  There was a little too much dressing at the bottom of the bowl. It should have been tossed rather than poured on.  The dressing was an oil base rather than mayonaise.I had to ask for extra paper napkins during my meal because I didn't want to mess up the cloth napkin.  The server brought me a hot towel for my sticky hands at the end of my meal which was a nice touch.  It was a lot nicer than a cold wet nap.I was able to use some of my Station Casino points on my player's card to pay the bill.  The manager came by and had me sign some receipts.I will be back soon with a friend so we can get $5 off a $20 purchase for signing up for their Preferred Guest emails.  Happy Hour also looks like a good deal.
3	I stopped by to check out the new Lucille's for happy hour.  They are still going through some opening pains that caused the service to be below expectations.  Hopefully the service will improve as the staff gains more experience.  The highlight was the wedge salad - delicious with the crispy smoked bacon bits.  The Irish nachos (French fries with cheese) were tasty but got soggy as they cooled off.  The fried green tomatoes were good but the batter broke off of the tomatoes when cut.  The rib tips  and sausage were well prepared but in general I find Lucille's BBQ sauce too sweet for my taste. I also didn't really care for the biscuits with sugar on top.  Finally the happy hour drink choices: They have a good selection of Skky Vodka martinis but I found their happy hour beer selections limited primarily to their house brews.
4	So happy they opened this at Red Rock! Food was great! Service was good! They just opened last week and you can tell they are still working the kinks out. Will be back, hopefully they will have it more together then.
2	This opinion may change when I give this place a second chance but for now here is how I feel.....I was really excited to try this place as I've been to their location in Southern California and loved my experience there so I did have high expectations for tonight.When we first walked in the hostess informed us that "it's a 20-30 minute wait". We ask if we can eat at the bar and her reply was "um yeah but last I checked it was full" so we give her our name as we preferred a table but found a few seats at the bar. Then, as soon as we sit down at the bar, my mom gets the "text message" that our table was ready. This was my first sign that this restaurant hired an idiot for a hostess since that was only 5 minutes not 20. We went along and ended up at a table in the loudest part of the restaurant, that was a second sign that I was not going to enjoy this visit.Then a random employee not sure what her position was but she took our drink orders and our server appeared right as she brought them to our table. She weirdly confirmed our drinks and then walked away and then finally came back a few minutes later to actually take our order. I found it very odd that when I told her I wanted the "Smoked Chicken Pasta" she had to confirm that was a real item on the menu, but then again their menu is large.So then we waited with our two complimentary biscuits and waited and waited and about 45 minutes later we finally got our food! My mom ordered the Original Pulled Pork Sandwich but for some reason they gave her the Memphis which has cole slaw, but since we were both starving she didn't care and ate it anyway. Now, when I read the menu I read the description as "pepper" not "peppers" so I didn't realize my food came with "bell peppers" which I am not a fan of. I tried to eat the dish instead of send it back but every bite became more and more disgusting and I just felt unsatisfied knowing that this dish was going to be $13.49 and I had to wait 45 minutes for it and it didn't even taste good to me since I dislike bell peppers and it was covered in them.We let the waitress know that I was not a fan and reminded her that we were trying to make a movie that started in 20 minutes and after 15 minutes the manager finally arrived at our table. I spoke with him and he did the usual, "oh we are sorry but is there anything else I can make for you" but what upset me the most was when I mentioned how long it took he became defensive and just babbled until I reminded him that we were going to be late for our movie. He finally shut up and comped both our dishes so we ended up just paying for our drinks and I left a decent tip to be nice.I'll give this place a second chance, but it won't be on a Saturday Night before a movie. At least all I missed were the previews.....
5	So glad to have another Lucille's in Vegas! Awesome happy hour. I got the fried dill pickles and the brisket and portabello sandwich. Both were delish! Unfortunately no room for dessert. Service was awesome. I was surprised the secret isn't out yet about they're opening, it wasn't crowded like the green valley ranch location. Can't wait to go back.
1	Decent food, but the service is terrible!We went to this location on their opening day, there was barely anyone in the restaurant around 11:00 AM, yet it took an hour to receive our food.  When we did finally get the food, there were lipstick prints on my friend's glass (none of us wore lipstick), which was absolutely gross.  The waiter was nonchalant, when he took the time to actually check on us. When we advised the manager of everything that occurred, she apologized and stated that they don't hand wash the glasses.  I've been to a number of restaurants that have dishwashers and I've never had fresh lip prints on my glass.The food was average.  The meat was tough and dry, everyone at my table had different cuts of meat and we all experienced the same issue.  The sides were good.  All in all, this location did not compare to the other Lucille's I have eaten at.
5	Finally fried pickles on this side of town I love the location in green valley when I lived over there I went all the time! Im so happy their in red rock.....I was light on my food order I just got the brisket nachos (O.K.) fried pickles!!!!!(these rock!) and the southern fried chicken sandwich (amazing good) .....of course I split that with my hubby.....The service was great our server mariana was awesome ...all n all I hope they stay!
3	I love Lucille's in Henderson and have been there a number of times but there's something about  this new Lucille's I don't like-  they are so chintzy! they don't want to give you enough biscuits, and the baby back ribs are ridiculously tiny.  Considering the prices, I don't want to spend my money there.
4	Wife and I have been here twice and I must say, for being open just a few weeks, the food and service has been very good. Hope it only gets better.
1	Worst Customer service!!!! was not happy at all will not come back.
3	Definitely a chain and therefore variable. We have been to Lucille's other location in town a few times and its always hit or miss.  Here was no different.  the service was attentive and good.  She kept our drinks full and brought us two baskets of biscuits as we had multiple kids at the table.  The mistake they made was bringing the adults meals prior to the kids meals.  They should have come out first or at least all together.  The baby back ribs were good, fell off the bone so they were tender but they didn't pack much flavor.  The tri tip also was tender and lean this time and the sauce it came with was better than eating it with bbq sauce but again not a ton of flavor without the sauce.  The corn on the cob my friend got was juicy and good, the veggies another one got was seasoned well but my sweet potato (and i love sweet potatoes) was runny and bland.  We were all too full for dessert........we would come back due to the convenient location but for bbq itself we would go elsewhere. The issue we had too was that happy hour was only at the bar, so if we came with the kids after school we would be able to have food but not participate in happy hour. when we asked about it too we were told definitely not. So we would just go next door where we all could enjoy happy hour.
2	Being a big fan of the Henderson location was extremely excited to have one a lot closer.The Good:Service was decentChicken wings & onion rings were very goodSide salad was decentThe Bad:We ordered a full rack of St. Louis Spare Ribs. They appeared tasty we each cut a few off and took a few bites. Something was just not right. The best way I can explain the taste is if you were to dump a ton of lighter fluid over a charcoal grill and use it immediately after. We spoke with the manager and she agreed to bring another rack of ribs. This time baby rack - Maybe it was just a single occurrence? They had the same exact flavor. Something is broken. They confirmed something was not right. Not sure how everyone else was just eating away. They comped the full meal ($15) of sides and we left feeling sick and with a headache. Extremely disappointed. Will give it another shot but not for a while.
3	I didn't know Lucille's existed at Red Rock, we were actually there to go to another restaurant and the smells MADE us walk in.  We were there on a Sunday but after the usual lunch rush and we were seated immediately.The place is designed to look like a Memphis neighborhood and it's adorable.  You feel like you are in a private courtyard having a down home BBQ.  The staff is very friendly and abundant.  At times I felt that there was more staff than customers, but they are happy to be at work and it reflects.We ordered Fried Okra http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=QPkwidK5tNowIAqaXyhW5g&userid=ZGoIAIfTuJeR0pwWDRL6sA  and Fried Green Tomatoes http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=frsSYty3-wDSpFLo6poEfw&userid=ZGoIAIfTuJeR0pwWDRL6sA  as our starters.  They were both excellent but the sauces they served them with really made them stand out.  The BBQ Ranch sauce they make is fabulous.For our main courses I ordered the Carolina Baked Potato with pulled pork, cheese, red onions and BBQ ranch sauced stuffed in it.  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=ZGoIAIfTuJeR0pwWDRL6sA  It was really tasty and I could not eat the whole thing.  It came with a side Caesar Salad.Hubby ordered the St. Louis Ribs with Tri-Tip off of the lunch menu, it comes with a side and he chose the shoestring potatoes.  He loved his meal except the ribs are a dry rub not sauced and he found them very dry.  They do have several signature BBQ sauces on the table to use though.We really enjoyed our meal but there was a very VERY long wait for our main courses, which made no sense to me because realistically this type of food has already been prepared hours earlier.  The staff apologized and would keep reassuring us that it was on the way, but they never gave us a reason for the long wait.  The appetizers came out immediately and I know those had to be prepared per order, so I am confused.Definitely would go back for another visit, but we if they make us wait like that again, it will be a pass.
5	Absolutely amazing food!! Nothing was cold, dry, or tasteless. The server Joseph did an amazing job and I didn't have to wait for refills or look for him to get me things for the table. Very glad to have a Lucille's so close to home. Will definitely be back!!
5	BEYOND THRILLED we finally have one in Summerlin! I really love this place! I've been to the one in Henderson many times, and the Summerlin location is just as amazing! In fact, I went three times for dinner the first week it opened! The servers recognized me and my kids! It was kind of funny, I have to admit. Outstanding barbeque. I just love this restaurant! Thank you for coming to Summerlin!!
5	This location is located in the Red Rock Casino. You can enter and exit either through the casino or from the parking lot. I like the fact that you don't have to walk through the casino to get inside.Great food as always. Doesn't matter which location you go to, it is always consistently good food. They have a great menu if you enjoy Barbecue.The Beef Ribs are excellent. The best I can remember eating anywhere. They are meaty and tender and the sauce is amazing.The BBQ Chicken and the brisket are also excellent. I could go over each item, but I can promise you there is nothing on the menu that will disappoint you. Catfish, burgers, salads, side dishes...etc, all are awesome!!
3	This was my second visit on a Sunday night.  We entered through the Red Rock Casino rather  than from the outside door.The hostess was very friendly.  She seated us and talked to us for a few minutes.  The server was also friendly, but very busy.  It took about 20 minutes to get our warm biscuits with Apple Cinnamon Butter  that I had been craving since my first visit.We shared the St Louis rib platter that came with 2 sides.  The ribs were meaty and tender.  I actually preferred them over the Baby Back ribs.The sweet potato fries were ok.  The Honey Roasted Peanut Slaw was a little too acidic.We were brought out warm towels for our hands at the end of our meal.We had a $5 off coupon for signing up for their Preferred Guest emails.  One of the managers took off the discount on our bill.We will be back for the biscuits and Apple Cinnamon Butter.
1	YANKEE BAR B QUE  !!!!!!!    been better off to eat a bologna sandwich .  i cant believe they can call this BAR B QUE.......
5	Oh my! This BBQ Smokehouse located inside the RedRock Casino is amazing. They actually SMOKE the meat 2-12hrs in-house.We got Peach and Watermelon Iced Tea which was served in huge mason jars with an orange wedge. AMAZING!We wanted to artichoke appetizer, but our server said it was out of season and not up to their standards so they would not serve it. bummer My sister and I shared the ribs and shrimp entree' that came with 2 sides. We chose sweet potato mash and mac n' cheeseThe ribs were tasty and not dowsed in sauced. THey fell off the bone and with their in-house spicy bbq sauce it was delish!The shrimp were butterflied and grilled to perfection. Wish there were more than 4 pieces.THe sweet potato mash had a hint of cinnamon! Perfect for beginning of fall :)The mac n' cheese was broiled to perfection.Size of the sides were enough for 2 people!My husband got the trio platter of Roasted Chiken (it melted like cotton candy!!)Tri Tip and beef ribs (didnt try but he said he can't wait to go back)overall amazing experience with amazing service.
2	First time for happy hour at Flying Pig.Friendly staff but biscuits were rockHard, ribs and pulled pork were tough!This was disappointing and maybe just an off day.
4	Had a great meal here tonight. My wife and I shared a meal and had leftovers to take home. Place was packed with a lot of smiling faces. Food and service were great as usual.We will be going back as Red Rock Casino is a fav of ours
4	Ok i may be biased because i already know of Lucilles and have enjoyed their Ribs long ago in California.  Use to love to go for lunch and get the rib tips. BUT that was over 7 yrs ago. Since moving to Vegas Famous Daves are more around than Lucilles and driving to Henderson for happy hour isnt that appealing. SO such much excitement when i found out they were finally putting one at the Red Rock Casino location. SCORE you cant get no better than that.So  this was my 2nd time to this location and i will say since its new there are some kinks that need and will be worked out. Love the Happy Hour specials just need to make sure the staff knows exactly what really on special and whats not.. dont like surprises on the bill, but manager fixed it so no problem. The biscuit was so hard i really scratched my friend as i rubbed it on her hand jokingly. They quickly gave me some soft fresh biscuits as we laughed about it.As we sat at the bar area across from the smoker, i thought i was done ordering until they opened the smoker and all that deliciousness smell came drifting out along with slabs of mouth watering ribs.  Um waitress please add some rib tibs to my order please. OMG that the best thing ever. How could u pass it up after smelling it and seeing it pass by lol i couldnt. Yep its only been a few weeks. I got faith they will step it up and be even better. The atmosphere is great nice and comfortable. Will be going back and taking lots of friends.
4	Get the costco gift certificates and save some money. The Fried chicken salad for lunch was very good, but they only have it at lunch. Portion size are good, bbq chicken was moist and sauces on the table are good. late night happy hour was good for drinks at a casino that is a plus. but the apps were disappointing, fries were small, patio skins were way too cheesy, fired pickles were ok, irish nachos were good, house beer was good.
5	I love Lucilles . Their chicken is wonderful. The bed pudding is great and the service and atomosphere are also great. I would go there over and over.
4	Ok, so I'll admit it..it was my first time. ..and it won't be my last ;)Eating at this Bbq heaven I say! !!Ok, waitress was very lingering. .felt like she wanted to braid my hair and feed me every morsel of my food. .UGG..Food was beyond delicious, wait time was a lil more than we had expected,  but my husband and I had no other obligations.Because this establishment is still in its infancy,  im sure it will get better in time.A word of business advice. ..hire older, well established staff for a brand new restaurant. .not the teen bops currently standing around in that beautiful new restaurant :)With that said, I will be back. .
2	Overpriced, save some money and go to Famous Dave's more bang for your buck and the food tastes the same if not better.
3	The food is great. The waiters are hit-or-miss. The hostesses are incompetent.  Good luck with them getting your name and phone number right on the waitlist.  Expect a text right away confirming they have the right number.  No text means they input your number wrong or not at all.
3	I enjoy Lucille's very much! Once they opened the location in summerlin I was stoked and sure enough my first meal (stl ribs Mac&greens) were bomb! So delicious I went back for seconds in the same week and I was disappointed, the ribs were tough, it just wasn't as good.. I was really pulling for them when I went back a third time after a long day of work(I just really wanted that same experience from the first meal) ugh I was utterly disgusted!!! The ribs were inedible, however it was so late at night at and I was exhausted I just chopped it up as a loss='(I pray the next time I go this doesn't happen again but when the food is good it's good that's why they get 3 stars
5	Amazing ribs and pulled pork. Also had the peach lemonade, it was great. Our server was awesome. Definite recommend to anyone who loves BBQ. I will definitely go back again soon.
1	Ok, I've been to the one in Hendo and this one is def worse than the oh so perfect Hendo location!We went here on a Saturday evening and were seated quickly. I asked if happy hour was still on and the man said no, then the sweet lady said it was and that we would be able to take advantage of it in the bar area AND still have Santiago, SCORE!We were sat next to the water in front of Red Rock, so it was super nice! As the night went on it got a bit chilly, but we were ok.Im going to keep this short, out waiter was an idiot and didnt listen to us whilst taking our order and messed up half of it. We then politley asked for it to be corrected and he AGAIN didnt pay attention so we ended up having an incorrect order. THEN we askd a waitress for a set of tableware and she looked at us as though we were asking for a million dollars, then only reason we asked was because they didnt give us enough!!The food was cold and flavorless and we were basically ignored 90% of the night due to a large party in the bar area. The supervisors and most of the waitstaff were kissing this groups behind and it was getting pathetic.There we sat waiting, and waiting, and waiting. Cold food and all!We asked to speak to the manager and our server gave us a dirty look and asked why? WHAT!? Why? Because I said so! Jesus! The manager was not helpful and said it was because they were still new and hadnt been opened a long time. BULLSHIT! Your servers and staff are just a bunch of arrogant morons. The end!
5	Our party of 5 (4 adults, 1 child) had a great dining experience here tonight. Food was great and the portions were huge. I had the Mardi Gras Chicken, my fav, and I had enough to take home for two meals! We all enjoyed our food. My fav part of dinner though was the peach lemonade,  YUMMMMMMMM!!! Out waitress, she was awesome; great sense of humor and was nice enough to laugh at our loud mouthed friend who was constantly cracking jokes. I know they're new, but we had a great experience. No complaints here. We will deff be back!
5	We had such great service from Dana, the food and drinks for great at a good price
3	We decided to try Lucille's tonight with take out.  I did an online order this morning for pick up at 4:30 PM.  I was ten minutes early and it was ready yet which is good because it wasn't made ahead of time and sitting somewhere.  The online ordering was a big plus!!I got an original pulled pork sandwich with a side of mac and cheese.  My wife got the Cajun chicken sandwich with a side of garlic mashed.  One of the problems with what I got was simply the fact that it's take out.  I live nearby, but pulled pork isn't boiling hot when it's placed in the bun and therefore it wasn't a hot sandwich and in fact wasn't warm.  Luke warm would be closer to the temperature of the meat.  The mac and cheese stayed warm.  I thought the sandwich was dry even though the menu says it's tossed in their special sauce.  Maybe I should have asked for some BBQ sauce to go.  There was no toss that I could discern.  The mac and cheese was very good.  My wife liked her sandwich although she thought it was very spicy hot.  She liked the garlic mashed side.I guess I'm just not a BBQ person.  Nothing about BBQ blows my socks off.  If I came back to Lucille's, it would be for a dinner of mac and cheese.  I'll take international cuisines or a good steak before I'd get this.  There's one other BBQ place I need to try before I put a nail in my BBQ coffin and lower it in the ground.  The price/value just isn't there.  But, Lucille's is OK--Just.
1	I specifically created a yelp account so that I could write a review of this place. First off, I would like to say that the Green Valley location is way better. My boyfriend and I have been to this location a few times and up until the last time we went and last night has been a disappointment. The last time we were here, we did not really enjoy the slow service or the mistakes that kept coming out to us. Since I work in a restaurant I never judge a place off of one single visit. Last night was horrible and embarrassing. I convinced my best friend and her boyfriend to meet us at Lucille's for their wonderful happy hour and it turned out to be a not so happy hour. First off the server (I will not mention her name) was taking way too long to get us soda. Our food came out pretty quick which was good but then my boyfriend decided he wanted coke. I asked the server for a coke and she said she would get it right away. She came back to the table with a to go box and no coke, my boyfriend attempted to ask her again and she didn't even acknowledge him, she simply walked away. We thought maybe she didn't hear him so when she came by the table again he attempted to ask her again and she did the same thing, ran away from the table. At this point, my boyfriend was upset and embarrassed because we were laughing at him so he attempted to ask a different server and again was ignored. When our server came by a third time he asked for a manager and our server looked surprised. Now, it wasn't really the server that upset me, it was the manager.Jessica was the manager's name and when she came over to the table my boyfriend tried telling her what was going on and he was trying to explain that he felt that the server was being rude and that he felt embarrassed in front of our friends. Jessica did not let my boyfriend finish his complaint and she jumped in to say "so...do you want a coke?" She did not in any way attempt to apologize. This restaurant is too big to have poor management. We never accept free food when we have bad service, we simply wanted the problem to be addressed. My boyfriend attempted to speak to a different manager but instead he got a comment card. Before our bill came by, we returned an item that tasted awful and instead of having the 4.99 taken off our bill, we only had 3.99 taken off. It's not about paying for our food when we had bad service or having the wrong amount taken off, it's the principle of it all. If we are paying to enjoy good food with good service it's what we expect, otherwise we could have ordered a pizza and enjoyed it with a good movie at home.Needless to say, my boyfriend and I will not ever be returning to the red rock location and my best friend and her boyfriend won't ever be eating at Lucille's again.
3	Tried Lucille's for lunch. The service was prompt and the server was friendly. Between the two of us we had the Baby Back Ribs. Pulled Pork, Hot Link and a Chicken Breast. The sides were coleslaw and mashed potatoes. Both sides were good.The ribs, pulled pork and chicken were tasty with the right amount of sauce and not too much smoke. The hot link was nothing special. I did encounter 2 pieces of fat in the hot link. My biggest surprise was the size of the rib bones. I have never seen rib bones that were as short as Lucille's.  I consider myself a student of BBQ, an avid backyard smoker and have had ribs all over the USA from Memphis in May to the Reno BBQ Fest. These were miniature bones. I asked the server why the bones were so short and if an entire slab would have all short bones. She did not know but was willing to ask the manager. The manager's answer was that pigs come in all sizes???There are other restaurants in Las Vegas that serve better BBQ and at a lower price point. In summary, Lucille's is just OK
4	Had the baby back ribs and the portions were gigantic! The sauce was tasty, the meat was tender, and the sides (full sized corn on the cob and huge baked potato). The best though was the Snicker's ice cream pie for dessert. YUM! Not cheap though $75 for the two of us for dinner.
2	After eating at the District Lucille's for years, I was expecting to like this location at least as much as I like the District location.  I will say, the bar is much nicer.  The seats are comfortable, you don't feel crammed, and there are plenty of TVs.  From where we were sitting, each guy was easily able to see his NFL game of choice.  But, the food fell short of the District location.  The fried onion straws were pretty much the same, they needed seasoning.  But, I find this to be the issue at the District location as well.  My catfish po' boy, on the other hand, was nowhere near the quality I get at the District location.  The bread was tough, not quite stale, but certainly not fresh.  This problem was compounded by the fact that the sandwich, which comes with 2 sauces, was nearly dry.  So, I had to order more of each sauce (a remoulade and tartar sauce).  This wait caused the sandwich to cool down, which made eating it less pleasant when I finally got the sauces.  The macaroni and cheese was standard, it was similar if not exactly the same as the District location.I'm sure I'll give the Red Rock Lucille's another shot.  The service was good, and like I said, it's a much better bar area.  But, I'll order something else and hope that this food is more similar to the food I've enjoyed for years at the District location.
5	This restaurant did not disappoint. It was amazing service and the food was delicious. I had the tritip and the bf had the combo. Also, the banana pudding was awesome!
5	great place for either lunch or dinner! i believe their lunch menu is 12-4 they have great prices on that if you're thinking about trying this place..ive been here on several different occasions and every time i have received exceptional service! theyre food is outstanding REAL BBQ!! and their drinks too my fave being the Crocodile Cooler (its got 5 diff rums). and the staff is always super friendly, i love it!
3	I order the same thing every time I go here: baby back pork ribs and mash potatoes, with a peach lemonade. It's delicious. I prefer their original BBQ sauce, but the sweet & spicy one is good too. The only kicker is that the ribs can be dry sometimes. Hmm.The service can also be a bit slow, but it's a casual spot... So bring friends and be prepared to hang out!
5	So, I (capital letters) HATE Barbecue. Ok, maybe not hate, but if I had a choice, BBQ and eating nothing I'd choose nothing ... Except for Lucille's!I'm not a fan of smoked (anything) but they put just the right amount of smoke in the Q that I don't feel like I myself am inhaling the smoke directly from the smoker. Their Memphis BBQ sauce is what makes it for me. I hearts me some garlic and that sauce has the right amount of everything!Another one of the "hooray" moments I had was when they told us that they had unsweetened flavored teas, WHAT?! I dislike sweet tea, a lot. If I want a pound of sugar in my water, I'll ask for syrup. And most places have flavored tea but it's always sweetened and me no likey. They have watermelon, peach, regular and sweet tea. They have a nice backyard BBQ theme and have a stage in the "Flying Pig Lounge" which leads me to believe that they intend to use it one day for a live band. It'd be pretty cool to come in for a live band or even a comedy show :)After the failed restaurants in this space, I hope this one sticks around!
3	I waffled on writing a second review for this particular Lucille's, as I've written one for the other spot in Green Valley before. However, I feel like the experience here was different enough to warrant a location-specific review. My other review mentions things like the quality of the meats, the sugar content of the everything, and the ever-presence of high fructose corn syrup. None of this has changed, and the food is still just "A-OK", as Yelp calls it. Not special, not outstanding, but also not bad and if you know what you're in for you will get exactly what you expect.The difference in this review comes down to the building itself, the staff, and the bar.First, the building seems either much larger or just better laid out. It isn't a great layout, but it *is* better than the one in The District in my opinion. There seems to be just more space, even if that space seems awkwardly placed.Second, the staff at this particular one seems more friendly, happier to be at work. Maybe it's because they are a new place and none of the employees have become jaded corporate worker drones yet. Who knows?Third, the bar. They mix the drinks stronger. It's as simple as that. Everything I've ordered at the one in The District has been delicious. Everything I've ordered at this one has been strong, tasted like mildly flavored booze instead of a mixed drink where the alcohol fades into the overall flavor. For some people that may be great, but I don't like the taste of well-quality alcohol and having it in the background of an otherwise delicious drink was a welcoming way to get a good night started.
5	Great to have in Summerlin
4	As far as chain Bar-B-Que goes I have always preferred Lucille's over Famous Dave's so I am happy one finally opened in my neighborhood.  Their honey butter is addicting!  Our waiter, Christopher, was friendly and knowledgeable as far as the drink and regular menu was concerned.  He didn't steer me wrong with the Minty Julep with Gentleman Jack and the Crocodile.  I ordered the half rack with two sides.  I feel the price is a little high but that's to be expected with a chain Bar-B-Que establishment.  The whole table loved the shredded onion appetizer.  We went on a Friday night around 7, party of three, and had no problem being seated.  I would like to go back and try their Happy Hour in the bar so maybe next visit.
4	We finally tried the Red Rock location and we liked it.  There were big portions and I couldn't even finish my meal. We tried the Fried Dill pickles.  It was pretty good.
4	Love the Lucille's in Henderson so we thought we would try the one at Red Rock because it was closer. Went on a sunday night and was seated promptly. The waitress took our orders but had to come back twice to see how I wanted my steak and what kind of potatoes I wanted. When the food came it was warm. Had the new york strip. Very taisty. They put a dollop of butter on the steak, but it isn't hot enough to melt it. We will go back and hopfully the wait staff is less forgettful.
5	The food was great and the service was great. Went on a Friday about 7 and was seated in about 10 mins. Make sure you do the call ahead before you go so you don't have to wait.
4	Only real BBQ in summerlin area . Cute restaurant / good service . Try the fried pickles. My kids love the strawberry lemonade .
4	My boyfriend went back to the red rock location two days ago and although we had a confusion with some tables in the lounge area not being the lounge, everything else was pretty good. I'm giving this review 4 stars strictly because of the service but not 5 because of the food. Our server, Alicia, was amazing. For being so young she was really attentive to not only us but the rest of her tables as well and she was very sweet. If we return to this location we'll definitely be requesting her!
5	great BBQ, nice and clean , good service, will go back.
5	Came here again tonight, this time just us girls, partay of 2. Only about a 5 min wait (arrived about 5:15 pm) and we didn't like our "lawn table" we were sat at so they moved us to a nice booth next to the outside window over looking the water features, kinda cool. You know what's cool also? They didn't bitch or seem irritated (that they let on anyway) that we asked to be moved. This time our server was Amanda. She was awesome. Kept our peach teas filled. Had a great demeanor. And never left us hanging. Always smiling. She was great. Thumbs up from me and the cousin! :)
2	Placed a to go order for tri tip and spicy smoked sausage. They said it would be ready in 20 minutes. I showed up after 20 minutes and the hostess acted as if she had no idea how to ring me up or ring up what I ordered. That part wasn't the problem but training your staff properly is always a good idea. My food was cold and the portions was extremely small for the $32 that I was charged. I live 2 minutes away from Red Rock casino and will drive to Famous Dave's next time.
2	I have tried the location in Green Valley as take out only and really wasn't all that impressed with the food, but after hearing of other people's good experiences I decided to give it another go. What could be better, they have since opened a newer location (August 2013) much closer to my location in Red Rock, so it was easy to get to and a straight shot from my house.Lucille's has two happy hours per day, and I was coming for their 9 till close option. I got there a bit early and hung out at the bar till 9, not an issue. When 9pm rolled around, we decided to move to a table, and I found out you HAD to sit in a special section only for it, odd but ok. Wait staff was nice, but each one had some flaw that was a bit offputing. This evening I went each person had a habit of either talking down about their employer or it's food, which is a bit worrysome if you are just sitting down to eat and somebody has been saying some unsavory things that WORKS there.The happy hour menu had a pretty good selection. We ordered drinks (which are also discounted) and found that one after the other we tried were not very strong and mostly syrup. I hope their full priced versions are a bit better, I kept my choices of drinks to a minimum. Everything tasted alright, but more commercially prepared and not something I would find myself coming back for. Wait staff was friendly, but our server did disappear from his section for a while. Each server introduced themselves as "hi my name is "x," and I'll be your server until "y" get's back from her break. We ended up having like three servers during the course of the night. The complaints I have are minor, but after time even 2-3 minor items can add up to a less then perfect evening. Would I come back...maybe. Would I suggest to others...probably not. Not bad if you don't have all that many expectations. It was simply ok, just very unorganized and servers/bartenders seemed young and just there for a paycheck.
1	Second visit here at Lucille's Red Rock and under awed with the cooking, again. First time here, a Saturday night, I had a dinner salad with tri tip and way too much long-sliced scallions (onion). Whole thing was drenched in dressing making it just taste bleh.  This time was a Wednesday, lunch special (3pm), stuffed baked potato with beef. Way hard to cut potato even using a steak knife (no joke) and the beef was chewy / rubbery, even under melted cheese - they left potato on warmer / heat lamp too long. Also, way too much long-sliced scallions as garnish. Why not offer chives as an additional pay-for option?Tried Lucille's beer sampler this time and only their version of wheat beer paired well with any of the food, in spite of what alcohol menu & server said. Three other samples (blonde, and ??) were each very bitter. Also, just an FYI, happy hour prices are only in the bar. They'd make more money if they allowed happy hour prices in the whole restaurant, like other Las Vegas chain restaurants. On positive note, the server apologized for both my kid's meals coming out ten minutes (not exaggerating) after my wife's & my plates. The fries had sat out too long & got soggy, so they had to fry up another batch.I never make a fuss in a restaurant, as I've worked in the industry. I'll go back one more time, as my kids like the Mac & cheese here. We'll see how they do then.Then, if no change, I'll just post on here and call their corporate number to check out the reviews. That'll shake up the kitchen staff and hopefully improve the quality.By the way, I'm a huge fan of the Lucille's in Henderson. Thought all chain restaurants had the same cooking practices, food & standards?
5	I was a big fan of Lucille's in GV and was stoked when I heard this location had opened. We decided Thanksgiving was as good a day as any to check this place out for some Thanksgiving dinner...even though we went for lunch. They take reservations both online and via phone, which was great for us because I had to ensure that I had enough time to eat and then go to work afterwards. Lucille's Thanksgiving dinner meal consisted of turkey or honey ham (of half of each, which is what we got) with gravy, green bean casserole, stuffing, mashed potatoes, cranberry sauce, biscuits w/ apple butter and a small personal pumpkin pie. The food was delicious and we even had leftovers because we couldn't finish it. The best part was the personal pie that was amazingly creamy and served with tons of whipped cream.The staff was nice and I like how they work as a team instead of customers only being able to flag down their assigned waiter/waitress like traditional restaurants. I also loved that they had TVs everywhere in the dining area so we were able to catch glipses of the Thanksgiving Day parade and football game while we were there. Definitely will be back to have some of their more traditional BBQ grub!
3	Unfortunately I have to give them a 3 star rating on this last visit. It started out good and then it went downhill. I sat at the bar and it was happy hour, so great prices on appetizers and drinks. I ordered a cocktail and my favorite, fried pickles. So far all is great! After finishing my pickles it seemed like a while before my sandwich came but the sandwich would be worth the wait. I get the brisket and portobello sandwich usually so yummy. The sandwich finally comes, I pick it up and oh no, the bottom bread is all soggy. It must have been sitting for a while. I eat around the soggy part, the rest is still good and the Mac and cheese was delicious. I finish what I can and decide I will get my dessert to go. We'll, when I arrived there were 2 bartenders and the guy that took my order was on it, he took my order, made my drink and he was very nice. Shortly after my pickles came he disappeared and the girl that was taking care of the other side of the bar didn't seem to have any customer service skills at all. When she cleared my plate and drink glass she did ask if I wanted more water. She filled it and then pushed my tab in front of me. I waited a few minutes and then figured I might as well order my cheesecake from the take out window, so I got out my card to pay. I told her I had wanted to order cheesecake but then I changed my mind. I know she was working the whole bar by herself but really! A few days later I got my cheesecake from the one in Henderson, they were very nice. I will probably give them another chance but might not sit at the bar.
4	Lucille's is the perfect southern comfort food restaurant. I've been to both this location and the Green Valley location. Obviously the Green Valley location has been around a longer and has service down pat. This Red Rock location is still working on things, but they're not doing too bad. The portion sizes are huge, so you can easily share a two meat dish with someone. You both will need to be extremely hungry to finish it. My favorite dishes are the southern fried chicken and the brisket. My favorite sides include mashed potatoes and cole slaw. And you can't go wrong with fried pickles as an appetizer.Want a cocktail? Those are also delish!
4	The food was awesome.  The corn bread was really good.   My wife really liked the fact that drinks were served out of old mason jars.We had the Smoked Chicken Quesadilla for an appetizer.  It was really delicious and lots of cheese and chicken.We both had the BBQ Chicken Salad and it was huge!  It was really good.My wife and I visited on a Friday night and this place was DEAD!  The service was SLOW!  We didn't get refills as much as we wanted and our waitress was missing more than half the time.Since the food was great and the place is new, we didn't worry too much about it.  We expect service to improve with time.
2	Ok lets start off with the positive, friendly server. Now the negatives, 1. It took precisely 1 hour and 35 minutes for our food to arrive! 2. When the food did arrive it was freezing cold. 3. The food didn't taste that good, i ordered the barbecue chicken sandwich with applewood smoked bacon which sounded appetizing on the menu yet when i received my sandwich the chicken was dry and the bacon had a similar texture to cardboard, it was far worse than microwavable bacon, and frankly i didn't even think it was bacon just some fake processed "bacon flavored" plastic. 4. The food didn't arrive all at once as it normally does at most restaurants, it came dish by dish, when one person finished there dish another one had arrived, and ironically (me being the only "yelper" of the group) my dish came last. I do understand they were swamped due to it being christmas day and all but this is flat out unacceptable. However they do have decent ribs. The only reason i gave this place 2 stars is because of our extremely nice server who was empathetic to the fact the kitchen had delayed our food and also because after speaking to the manager about our "lovely christmas dinner" he offered to comp our meal. If i ever do come here again ill make sure i will arrive 2 hours earlier then when i plan on eating.
4	My mom and I were at Red Rock gambling and decided to go to Lucille's for dinner.  The place was packed but we were able to get a table right away.  The waitress came over quickly and took our drink order.  I had the white sangria.  Very tasty, loved the pineapple chunks in it.When she came back with the drinks, she took our food order.  I wanted pulled pork but that is not one of the options on the bbq plates which is weird since they have it on the two meat option.  So basically I order the pulled pork sandwich and add an extra side.  I had the cole slaw and mac & cheese.  Both were very tasty.  Good vinegar taste on the cole slaw.  Mac & cheese was nice and cheese, good cheddar flavor.  My mom had the pulled pork sliders with fries.  She enjoyed her meal too.  Crisp and tasty fries. The place is a bit loud but otherwise was a good experience.  We will be back.  I love that they have Tootsie pops instead of mints on the way out.
2	By far the WORST service we ever received in any restaurant. The only reason they are getting 2 stars is that our food was good. We called ahead for a table for 8. I was told 45 min wait. Fine - we show up and waited 15 minutes longer (total 60 min) We were seated next to a large group of kids and a wall. We ordered our drinks, It was so tight the wait staff couldn't even serve water to us. While we were waiting for our beer and appetizers, (We never received the complimentary biscuits) I asked the hostess if we could be moved to another larger table, they seemed very put out and they let me know that it was disruptive to the staff. They had to change servers since the new table was 6 ft away. After moving and waiting 15 (yes fifteen) I asked the server if we could please get our beer, and the lemon we had asked for our water. I also reminded her about the biscuits. I was told they were coming. Another server brought us our appetizer, sat it on the table and walked away. Were we supposed to eat off of the table? So we waited until someone came by, I asked for plates and again asked for our beer and lemon. We were brought out salads, that was messed up too. By that time, we gave up on the biscuits. I excused myself and asked to speak to the manager. I expressed my concerns, he apologized and said he would stop by the table. We finished our dinner, apologized to the server for being apparently so difficult. Before leaving I asked for the biscuits we should've received at the beginning of our meal to go. The manager NEVER came by to say anything to my family. There were so many other instances of poor service, from refills, to us not being offered additional plates for the kids, no warm towels offered at the end of our meal, on and on. Very disappointed in this particular restaurant, but I still reluctantly tipped the server a minimum 15% gratuity. I won't be back. Ever.   I guess since it's LV, they assume we won't be regular guests, but to their dismay my sister lives here near Red Rock and strongly suggested she will never eat there again. Too bad, since we regularly try to support the business's in our neighborhoods.
1	Went on Christmas Eve...party of 6.  HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE!  Our main course (BBQ) was cold...when we asked to have them heat it up we waited 30 minutes for it to return by that time, the side dishes were cold.  We were promised that we would be refunded for the cost of the meat and for desert.  We got neither. and ended up paying an unfair amount considering our food was cold, late, and bland.  Then the manager printed up 5 receipts as an attempt to fool us.   The whole ordeal lasted almost 2 hours AFTER our meal was done.  WE felt victimized and the customer service was HORRIBLE!!!  We filed a complaint with the Better Business Bureau.  STAY AWAY!!!  At least from the one in RED ROCK CASINO!!!
3	3 stars is a bit harsh but I was not impressed. I went with my family (7) of us and the restaurant was not busy so you would think service would be on point. It was not. It took almost 10 min to get waters and another 5 after that to get our alcoholic drinks. Our server was not attentive at all. Service was horribly slow and after getting our order in, food came out in waves. My food was cold but our server never came back to check to see if we needed anything. I had to get up and seek out a manager just to get the rest of our food and other things we had asked for several min earlier. Again, it was a pretty empty restaurant. When our server finally did come back I told him he could take my plate. He asked if everything was ok and I told him it was cold. He did what he could offering to get my something else and he did take off my sandwich which was delicious just cold. He also took care of our appetizer. Everyone else loved there meals so I take it this was a fluke. The drinks were amazing!
3	This location due to the manager response to issues brought up about service in the past, I actually drop the review from a 4 to a 3.  Aside from that they make some of the best baby back ribs in town if you order them dry.  Like other bbq places in town the sauce over powers the natural flavor of the ribs.  The baby back ribs are a little salty but really work well with shoes string & sweet potato fries with garlic mayonnaise. Almost all of the food that I have tried at this location was great.
5	Great service, little.. just a little pricey  if you compare to places like chillies etc..for two ppl it was 42 and change but let me say that it was way more worth then that(see picture)...that fish melted n my mouth and  was spicy enough..loved the environment..
5	Service, prices, and meats (baby back ribs, brisket, spicy links), all were excellent. Sides (cole slaw, baked potato, baked beans) were all very good, except for mac & cheese, which was bland and boring. Overall, an excellent meal, and we will certainly be back soon!
5	Great service, awesome food it's really and the restaurant has a unique theme it's like a outdoor BBQ theme ... And we're ready to keep coming back
1	Terrible host!!  Completely ignored us.  We finally left after 10-15 minutes.  The place wasn't busy at all and like 8 employees standing around doing nothing.  Opt for better service and skip this place!
2	Stopped in today for quick lunch.Wrong answer. Server was prompt with order. Apolgized for delay. Got food 40 minutes after order with cold fries. TheBBQ was good. Portions very small.Certainly will not get locals repeat business.
2	The quality of food has gone down. Food comes out warm, dry ribs and quality just isn't the same. I used to like it here.
4	Great food!  The biscuits covered in sugar & the cinnamon butter is delightful!  Big mason jars for their drinks and massive portions. Their meats are super good. The steak is soft as butter with great flavor. It's an all around great BBQ place.
3	Came for lunch. Pretty good lunch specials. Great pulled pork sliders. The sauce here is on the sweet side...which I prefer. Overall it was a pretty good meal. The waiter was overly attentive. He would pop out of nowhere and clear the plates and used napkins instantly. It was kinda annoying.
5	This place was one of the best BBQ places i have ever been to. The lemonade was great as well! I had this amazing brisket sandwich. the beef was soft tender and almost melted in my mouth. I loved this place so much that i asked them if they had any locations in Cali. Which they do! just not that close to me. The next time i am in Vegas this place is a must for me!also our waiter rocked! totally knew the menu in and out and explained what we would like based on what kind of food we told him we liked. he was spot on with his recommendations.
2	We came here for lunch during the weekend, I like the fact that they had a lunch menu even during the weekend. They are all Smaller size plates for a cheaper price. I was a little disappointed with their food. I ordered the seafood platter and there was really nothing to it. I felt like the food was overprice for the amount and quality. The service was not bad, they were good, however, I would probably won't comeback or recommend this restaurant.
4	It was a Saturday night in Red Rock Casino and we were up for Lucille's Barbecue. So were several other people. There would be a 45 minute wait. Thanks to an innovative yet obvious system the 45 minutes would be put to good use. After the host informed us of the wait, he asked for the cell phone number. When our table was ready, he would send a text message. Lucille's just happens to be Red Rock Casino neighbors with the Yard House, an indoor theme park of beer. And when I drink a beer in the yard House, 45 minutes flies by fast and before I knew it, Lucille's Barbecue sent the text.  I had my mind set on ordering some type of hamburger sandwich. From past experiences dining in restaurants specializing in barbecue cuisine, the hamburgers are exceptional (same holds true with steak houses). After a cursory glance at the menu, the smoked beef brisket & portabello sandwich struck my eyes. I am a fan of brisket and mushrooms. After the waiter said this is one of their best sandwiches, I ordered it. Color me impressed with the sandwich. Everything from the grilled red onions to the sourdough bread was quality. The space between the sourdough buns was thick with the smoked beef brisket. Delicious smoked beef brisket that is. I appreciated that it wasn't sticky. With the sandwich, I chose shoestring fries. They were decent. And the soda that I drank was in a large glass.   Attentive and for the most part friendly servers placed the food on the table. One of the servers was attentive enough to let us know that the bread rolls were taking awhile because they were making new ones. Toward the end of the meal, one of the servers took the initiative to give us a to-go box. My one beef with the service was having to wait on ketchup.   I am impressed with Lucille's Barbecue. Especially,  when a 45 minute wait is no wait, but the freedom to have a beer in the Yard House or walk around Red Rock Casino until a text message sends the alert that the table is ready. I could see a return dinner to Lucille's Barbecue in my future.
3	Had a pretty good dinner, never have been here when I've been in Vegas before so my husband and I decided to try it.   Waitress was really nice and attentive.  Watermelon tea was new to my husband and he loved it!  The biscuits and apple butter were good, biscuits could of been a little warmer.  I ordered the two meat combo and so did my husband,  we both had baby back ribs and brisket, brisket was not as tender as I wanted it to be, ribs were delicious.   I had garlic mashed potatoes and corn on the cob, both were very good.   My husband had baked potato and bbq baked beans, both were very good and we would order the same sides again.   Overall the only thing that was weird was that there didn't seem to be crowded and we still waited to be seated.  I would hate to see what it would be like on a Saturday night.
4	I do not go crazy for barbecue, but when I do have a crave, I NEED some Lucille's!!! I can just die for their baby back ribs and their potato salad!!! I am not really crazy about much else on the menu but those two are my favorite!!! The place and location are perfect too because I no longer have to drive all the way to Henderson : )
2	Our party ordered an appetizer, sandwich, and platter with chicken, baby back ribs and tri tip. The pork belly appetizer was good although the picture on the menu was deceiving. The actual plate served is 1/3 of what it shows in the picture. The sandwich was good according to the person who ordered it. The platter was disappointing. The ribs were dry and the tri tip was tough and also dry. The chicken was good. I would not go back to this place. Not worth the prices you pay for dry food.  The strawberry lemonade was the best part of the meal. The server never came back for refills.
5	Awesome bbq, sides are great. They have nice portions for the money. Been here over 20 times, must be good lol
2	Be prepared for a long lunch or dinner.  It was a 20 minute wait, and there were more than a dozen tables available.  Frustrating start, but it got better!  The biscuits, as everyone is mentioning, are fantastic.  Watch out ordering the BBQ here, as it's extremely heavy on the mustard.  If you're looking for something more traditional, this isn't the place.  The side dishes we got (shoestring fries and Mac & Cheese) were completely devoid of flavor.Here's where it lost a couple stars: I would have ordered something different, if anyone from the restaurant would have checked on our table, at any point during the meal.  Big miss on the service.... and the food.
3	Apparently not all Lucille's BBQ's are created equal.  Our experience at this restaurant was so far off the mark, that even allowing for an 'off day', it was disappointing.  Starting with a mix-up at the hostess station, and continuing through a server who went on break as soon as we were seated, and ending in forgotten parts of the order ... The service wasn't up to the higher standard set by the green valley location.The food was good enough, but hard to judge fairly through the lense of a bad experience.I'll give them a '3', on the belief that it must be due to a misalignment of the stars.  After all it's a chain restaurant - it shouldn't be too much different from all the others!
4	This place is pretty good. We used to travel far and wide to the green valley location but now they opened a new location at Red Rock Casino. The staff are incredibly nice and helpful. We came during lunch so they had lunch specials with the right portions for me. My favorite part of this place is their sweet tea that is not too overly sweet. And, their famous complementary biscuits and apple butter. I can eat those all day! They also have happy hour!
4	I like Lucille's for a chain BBQ restaurant, it's the best chain BBQ restaurant I have been too. And yes, I have been to Salt Lick when it was at the Red Rock and was not a fan. Although, I hear the original in TX is much better.  One of the reasons I like Lucille's is that they have beef ribs, which is not always plentiful at other restaurants.  A few years ago I went on a BBQ adventure of sorts and drove around Texas and the south trying to hunt down the best BBQ. And while Lucille's is not authentic in that it is smothered and basted in BBQ sauce, I still like it.  The sauce is a little sweet, and they have memphis, original and spicy sauce bottles on each table for more.  The portions are large and the sides are tasty. Last night we had the baked beans which had large pieces of pork in them and the cheesy grits - I love the grits. They remind me of the cheese grits I had when I was first introduced to cheese grits in South Carolina. Also, their iced tea is fresh brewed and they provide biscuits with a sprinkle of sugar on top and apple butter upon request. As to portion size I would almost say that they are almost the Claim Jumper of BBQ.
1	Brisket showed up cold for the entire table.   Asked to see manager and he/she never came over.   Took  3 times asking for the check before we got it.   It is a shame as we go to the Henderson location all the time and have always had a good experience.   The server was ok but was very slow.  It took us almost 2 hours to eat from the time we sat down until we left.   Looks like we will stick with the east side Lucille's .
4	The food was decent but for the price I would have expected a little bit more.  I whent there today for lunch and ordered the BBQ lunch special 3 meat combo 15.99 I got a single hot link, the sausage was good but a bit on the dry side spice and flavor were OK nothing spectacular.  Also got the baby back ribs 3 rib bones small in size but I thought the flavor was good, sweet and tangy sauce not over smoked meat was tender almost fall of the bone but still with a little bit of chew. The pulled pork was a bit of a disappointment for me it was less than a hand full on the plate but also lacked in flavor I smothered it in there BBQ sauce and it whent down well a bit on the tough side. my side order was a portion of Mac and cheese which I thought was very good pasta was done it was hot and cheese when it got to the table. I would have wanted those sweet teas to be a little sweeter I've visited the south a couple of times and these do not really come close. The staff as a whole was great more than one person came by trough the course of the meal to make sure we were OK, the waitress was nice and made sure we were not missing anything over all a decent restaurant maybe next time I will try the different foods but as far as BBQ I will continue the search.
3	Long ago when I was a teen, Lucilles was my favorite, even though it was one of the few BBQ places available in the suburb I was in. I haven't eaten one in years so I was curious to try it and we were at Red Rock to meet some friends. We came during Happy Hour at the bar area which includes drink specials and discounted appetizers (everyday 4 ) Off that menu we got fried pickle spears which had good flavor and came crunchy and hot, but a bit harder to eat than pickle rounds as the batter flaked off. We shared a half chicken plus (2 meat) hot link and pulled pork platter. The chicken and hot link were decent enough, but the pulled pork was a dried out mess. It includes two sides; I enjoyed their baked beans as it was tangy and sweet and the potato salad was standard, but good. We upgraded our biscuits to cornbread which was a generous portion and I enjoyed it. I enjoy the fact they have various kinds of sweet tea and lemonade. I had the watermelon tea which is mildly flavored with fresh watermelon and doesn't come sweetened but very good. Service was rather good. She checked on us, we got drink refills and the check all before we needed to ask for it. I find I enjoy more their sides than their BBQ here. I find that their BBQ taste just fine and that there are better BBQ spots out there. Is it weird that they have a indoor smoker and it doesnt smell of even a hint of smoke? I think I might stick to a la carte sides, appetizers during happy hour and their flavored teas and lemonade.
4	By far the best catfish I had in Las Vegas service was good. I would come back here to try the rest of the menu
5	I love love love everything about this place. Some of my favorites: Watermelon iced tea, peach lemonade, southern chicken egg rolls, country fried chicken, BBQ ribs, pulled pork street tacos, mash, mac & cheese, apple butter with warm sugared biscuits.. Mmm :)Service is always on point. Decent happy hour food. Cool atmosphere. When my boyfriend & I can't decide where to eat Lucille's has become our go-to place!
3	Food is really good.  Service is friendly but painfully slow.  Slow to get drinks.  Slow for empty plates and glasses getting cleared from your table.  I think they just need to hire more bussers to help servers.
2	Service was good. But the food? Where do I begin!!First the food took like an hour for it to get to our table.  Then when we took a taste it was one disappointment after another!  The meats didn't taste very fresh at all. I lived in the south and if they are going to advertise BBQ they should learn to make ribs that falls off the bone instead of fighting with a dry piece of rib. Service on the other hand was good. If now the food can meet the service they would have a gold mine.
5	Best BBQ in Las Vegas! I tried the Henderson location, and now last Saturday the Summerlin location. The staff was very helpful and friendly. The food is amazing! The portions are big! I think I have tried most of their meats, and I absolutely love everything! We love riding our Indian Motorcycle out there and enjoy a meal in that beautiful atmosphere. During our last visit there, I especially liked that one of the managers was able to tell me the story of why 'Lucille's' is called 'Lucille's'. Very very nice place! I can recommend this to anyone!
1	Worst service and some of the worst good I've had. Idk what their standard is, but I suppose if this is it, then I'm not impressed. The ribs were so dry, we needed extra sauce to drown it out. The drinks were extremely sweet with practically not trace of alcohol. The gumbo was alright. The Irish nachos needed something to moisten or flavor them otherwise were bland. The waiter took our food menus away after taking our drink orders, forgot the silverware and got some of the order wrong. He even tried to reason out why it was a bad day. I'm in the service industry myself and it's simple and plain; if you're having a bad day, the customer doesn't care. No excuses. It sounds like all I'm doing is complaining but I'm really trying to be understanding and optimistic, but sad to say I won't return.
4	Went here last year to celebrate my brother and his fiancee's wedding. There were so many of us it was hard to count. The waiters were fine, kind of scattered everywhere trying to accomodate everyone. I think we had a catered dinner. My lemonade tasted actually fresh and cool. It wasn't too sugary which was a plus. The cinnamon rolls in the beginning were deliciOus! Then we had an array if ribs, chicken, mash potatoes, mac n' cheese, salad, etc. The way it was cooked was good. I really enjoyed everything.
5	Didn't realize they closed at 10pm and walked in the door at 9:20pm to feast like kings!We sat at the bar and were treated very well and will surely be back. Food was delivered promptly and as expected. I didn't have a chance to try any of the pork products (tri-tip and beef ribs)With BBQ generally being good, we were a bit skeptical on how good this corporate chain could be but were pleasantly surprised at the authenticity and commitment to house-made food. Also, we didn't feel uncomfortable with it being at Red Rock Casino because despite it being connected, it is not within the casino!
2	Wonderful service.  However their signature tri tip sandwich was dry and closer to leather than beef.  The full rack of St. Louis ribs was a fairly meager portion for the price.  The shoestring fries were great. Eat in the bar.  It's much more relaxed and less of a circus.
2	Went here a few weeks ago with a large party. Waiters and waitresses just could not get it together. About 20 minutes after we all ordered a different waiter than the one who actually took our order came by and asked us what we had ordered. -_______- It was like that throughout the whole dinner. It just seemed very unorganized. Service was slow and they kept forgetting a bunch of stuff. ***and when I say a large party I'm talking about 9 or 10 adults and 5 small children.
3	Get your Red Rock BBQ hereHankering for some BBQ close, a group of us tried this place in the Red Rock casino. Being seated quite quickly for lunch we were greeted by the server, she apologized straight away for the construction outside. Didn't even realize until she said anything.So to start we grabbed the Peach lemonade, and id like to say that even though it was a non alcoholic drink it was pretty amazing.Grabbing the Chicken and Pull Pork with a side of Sweet Potato Mash I dug in right away. Both the chicken and pork had a great smokey flavor to the them with the chicken nice and juicey. The surprise of the meal was the Sweet Potato mash!!! Highly recommend if your unsure of a side.OverallThe service was good, the food wasn't bad and the business was clean.I can't say it was the best BBQ dishes I've ever had, but I'd say it's on par with famous Dave's or alike
4	This joint doesn't fail. Happy hour until 7pm is not a bad deal either. I ordered some Mai Tais and it's yummy. The portions are big, I ordered Cobb salad and I can't finish it. I've been to other branches and their ribs are the best, must be the special sauce that they use. Will definitely come back when we go to Red Rock!
2	What's the deal Lucille? Disappointing. I forgive those who 4 and 5 star the baby back ribs, for they simply don't know better. Kinda dry, kinda lacking a masterfully applied smokey flavor, kinda skinny on the meat, which would be forgivable, had they rocked in the flavor department. Skinny fries were good. Cold slaw decent, didn't suck, no wow factor either. I had to go find my own damn silverware and napkin. Not once did the server ask if I wanted a refill for my beverage. It was exactly what I expected, pure mediocrity across the board, including 90% of the half assed attempt of outsider folk art on the walls and watered down blues on the sound system. I would have never stepped foot here, but met my folks and their friends. Lucille, your meal did not appeal.
5	Had the St. Louis ribs, they were excellent! Service was excellent, we will be back. You must come and check it out.
5	Delicious everytime we order from here. Usually we always order to go, and everything taste amazing!
4	Great service and great BBQ!  We are so glad we have another convenient and tasty option in Summerlin.  Buy some BBQ sauce to take home!
4	Because our first visit was amazing, we went back for a second time only a week after.The second time wasn't as great as the first. Our bartender didn't seem as genuine as we would have hoped. This could have been perhaps she didn't think we were locals, but I guess that could be expected in a casino restaurant. We also noticed that the restaurant doesn't have a restroom! You have to walk into the casino to use the facilities :( Beef ribs were much more fatty that I had remembered and because our last visit was so great, we didn't realize that this place is pretty expensive!We'll be back, but be much more picky about our visits.
4	Being from the south and having roots to the Carolinas, Memphis and Texas, I'd like to think that I've had my share of good bbq. When Lucille's was suggested, I didn't get too excited but I was willing to give it a try. We arrived in a Friday arrived 5 for a party of 8. The hostess was great and suggested we look at the menu and let us know it would be about 15 minutes. Though it took almost 25 minutes to get seated, it ended up being worth it. We were seated right in between the kitchen entrance and the smoker which worried me at first. But it gave us the best seat on the house to see (and smell) all of the meat. Plus, we were constantly checked on by the flow of staff going by our table. Our drinks and appetizers were quickly served and everything looked great! I was overly excited about my sweet tea (which they perfected) and the sangria. There was an assortment of beers at the table that all got the thumbs up. And those sugary biscuits. Oh my!! I could have ate the biscuits and drank my sweet tea all night. I really hate to say that I didn't bother with the butter. I was temporarily in a sugar high and my vision was clouded. Once the food started coming out, we were ready to get our hands dirty. Since my southern twang was out in full force, I went for the southern fried chicken sandwich. Even the smell of the bbq could stop me. And that was the best choice. That had to be the best chicken sandwich I've had in a long time. The brisket from the table that I sampled only confirmed that I had made the right decision with the sandwich. And unfortunately even the greens were blah. And there was no salt on the table so they eventually got cold and weren't eaten. Our waitress was amazing. The food was overpriced but nothing to deep to keep me away.
5	So the first several times we dined at this Lucille's, the family left the restaurant feeling the same...good food, friendly service, painfully slow.  I posted a short review stating this and did receive a message from management apologizing for their service.Well I'm assuming they made some changes because the service tonight, a busy weekend night during peak dinner hours, was superb.  Drinks and good came out quickly, and our table was cleared promptly.  At one point we actually had two servers helping us.  Food was good.  Their bread basket is delicious.  Apps were excellent.  Fried okra, fried shrimp, and baby back rib appetizer plate.  Entrees were good.  Blackened catfish with garlic mashed potatoes is my favorite.  The two teenagers had the spicy jambalaya.  Before paying, our server brought a refill for the boys in a large to go cup.  Wow!  Any restaurant that takes criticism constructively and makes immediate adjustments deserves a 5-star rating.  Great job Lucille's!!
2	I had high hopes for Lucille's BBQ at Red Rock Casino based on other Yelp reviews. Things started out quite well.  I was lucky enough to score a table quickly (less than 5 minute wait) on a Saturday night.  The server came by promptly to provide menus and get our drinks orders.  She came back quickly with our drinks and was ready to take our food orders. We hadn't had much time to look through the menus but we had some meals in mind so gave her our orders.Turns out this would be the theme of the night - service was too fast. Not something you usually want to complain about but we felt that we were rushed out.I had ordered  a salad to come before the meal. They brought the complimentary biscuits and the salad almost instantly. I managed to eat two forkfuls of salad before the main meal came out.  So I had to set aside the salad to eat the meal while it was warm (shame it was not hot).  I had only eaten half my meal when the server came by to see if we were ready for dessert.  We said no (as might be obvious from our half-finished plates)  - at which point she left the bill and took off.  Overall the food was just fine - though not the best bbq I've had.  However, the service and meal timing was way off - which left a less than enjoyable dining experience.  Perhaps this was just a fluke so I woiuld be willing to try Lucille's again but I'm in no hurry to repeat that dining experience.
5	Love the big portions and location of the new Lucilles!!! The hosts were great and the service was ok! I have always loved Lucille's back in the south at but once I moved to Vegas the only one I could find was in Henderson. They were smart to open one up near the southwest/ summerlin area !
3	Growing up in Texas, I'm a pretty hard customer to please when it comes to barbecue. Lucille's did not do it for me, but with limited options in Vegas, I wouldn't completely write them off.Opted for quite a variety of menu options, don't know that I'd highly suggest any of them. Definitely consider starting with an alcoholic beverage, the house margarita was tasty- I forget it's clever name though.Complimentary BISCUITS upon seating- topped with cinnamon sugar why? Would be so much better unseasoned with regular butter, as others have said.BRISKET CHILI- large portion, tasty, but brisket isn't as flavorful as I'd like. Adding cheese and sour cream kind of covers up some of the flavor. Cornbread is sweet, which isn't my preference.PULLED PORK SANDWICH- large and juicy, top bun is disposable as there's nothing on it and the bun is quite large. Not really a sandwich you can easily pick up to eat. Served with fresh-made chips, which were actually quite delicious. TRI SALAD- salad topped with tri-tip and grilled veggies, gigantic in size and fresh. Worth a try if you're on a salad or health-centric kick, the meat is a good portion and isn't dry, which still makes it enjoyable for a steak at a bbq joint.CHICKEN QUESADILLA AND GRILLED ARTICHOKE- had high hopes for this meal made of two half-size entrees, but was underwhelmed. Barbecue chicken in the quesadilla isn't particularly flavorful, despite simply being accompanied by grilled peppers and onions. LIghtly topped with a mostly-decorative design of red pepper sauce and barbecue sauce, this simply had too much going on and the chicken seemed bland, easily overpowered by everything else in the dish. Artichoke was artfully presented but a little difficult to eat, all but diehard artichoke fans need not apply.Layout is a little odd, with a street entrance and a casino entrance- on a weekend afternoon, signage at the front of the latter instructed us to go through the restaurant to the other side of the bar to the other hostess stand for seating. Having never been there before, it was difficult to find and we basically wandered the dining room until we turned the corner making the stand itself visible. Not such a great plan- maybe have staff on the lookout to escort guests to the right place.Service was fairly attentive despite a shift change during our meal, bonus points for the classic Ball canning jars used as water glasses. We were seated facing the bar, which has three TV screens above it, someone please change the middle TV from cartoons- bizarre choice of programming as this isn't really a child-friendly place.
2	Since moving to Vegas, whenever the topic of BBQ comes up, someone always mentions Lucille's.  Despite being very close to the District location, I never made the trip.  Recently I was up at Red Rock Casino around lunch time and thought it was time to try some Lucille's.Since it was a casual lunch and we didn't want to spend forever in the dining room, we opted to sit at the bar.  Normally we sit at the bar to avoid waiting for a table, but this was about 1145am on a Saturday and there were maybe 20 other diners - in other words, it was empty.The bartender took our order soon enough.  She was knowledgeable, she was pleasant, she tried to up-sell us on a few things.  She offered us biscuits but not in a manner that suggested they were complimentary (or apparently delicious); it seemed like the last in a long string of up-sell.Our food eventually came and was decent.  It was not the best BBQ I have ever had.  It wasn't the best BBQ I have had in Vegas.  It was good and satisfying but that's about the extent of it.  DC's mac and cheese was a pitiful attempt at mac and cheese.  It was stringy and mushy and flavorless.  His chicken sandwich, ordered with ranch dressing on the side, also came with a healthy slathering of ranch on the sandwich itself.The bartender checked on us once, right as we were taking our first bite.  Despite that fact that she was never more than ten feet from us, she never checked in again.  In fact, the only time she acknowledged us again was when we were laughing at something on the TV and she turned around and asked "what's so funny? are you laughing at me?"  It was an odd question to ask and a little off-putting.  I'm not always the nicest person but I dont laugh out loud at someone when he or she is within arm's reach.All told it was just a mediocre experience at Lucille's.  The food was alright.  The service was questionable (especially since it was quite empty).  I may still have to give the Henderson location a try, but I will keep on moving past the Red Rock version.
4	Lucille, oh Lucille. We enjoyed our meal! It's a solid 4 for BBQ. The service was a wee bit slow, but it was Memorial day weekend. The hostess was welcoming, and seated us right away. We did make reservations, and happy we did. The wait was about 20 min. The server was very busy, but she managed to keep a smile answering our questions. We ordered 3 of the half appetizers. The fried pickles were perfect. Nice flavorful breading, crispy, deliciousness. Fried green tomatoes were ok. The sauce was different, and reminded me of fancy cheese whiz? The artichoke was my favorite. I love artichokes. Kid's ribs with shoe string fries, awesome. Mom's rib tips; she didn't make a sound. She was too busy eating. Dad had the blackened catfish, and loved his meal.  The portions were big. Breadpudding for dessert was nom, nom, nom.
2	One word review: Meh.Three word review: Meh, at best.I was pretty excited to try this place- obviously I had my initial "BBQ in Vegas?" skepticism, but then it seemed to get a lot of positive reviews on yelp. I live close to the Red Rock so having a good BBQ joint in the neighborhood would of been pretty awesome. We arrived around 6pm and the place was pretty empty- not a good sign since the Red Rock itself was pretty packed. Despite being nearly empty it still took about 10 minutes to get a table as the 3 staff working the door discussed the conundrum of where to sit us over their headsets with the mothership. It was another 10 minutes before someone took our order. Wanting to try a bunch of stuff we decided to get the App sampler which includes sweet potato fries, fried pickles, rib tips, okra, chicken tender, some sort of southern egg roll, sausage link, and some other unidentifiable food stuffs. It was all about the quality you would expect from making the same items at home in 1 oven at the same time by just guessing at what temperature would best suit all items. Sweet potato fries were mushy, fried pickles were tough, rib tips had bones in them and were tough, sausage was cold. Overall very dissapointing.I also ordered the Brisket chili which was on the special menu- figuring after the app platter I wouldn't be able to tackle a whole rack of ribs, perhaps an error I admit. The chili was just very bland and only lukewarm. The cornbread that came with it was very dry. Throughout the meal service was slow, and despite the jars they bring the water in being enormous I was frequently without a drink which is a pet peeve. for 24 dollars a person it was on the expensive side for BBQ, with low quality.
3	This was not the first time I've been to Lucille's, which us good cause if it was I doubt I'd return. The food was ok, but the gravy they gave me for my steak looked like an oil slick and didn't taste much better. Thank goodness it was on the side. My sisters Mac & Cheese took forever to come out which I didn't understand at all. We actually had to ask our server about it. Our servers name was Wendy, try to not get her when you go. She came to our table very rarely, never asked how the good was and didn't ask if we wanted dessert or anything else, which we did. She just dropped the check. Next time I'll just go to Yardhouse.
5	My husband and I wanted BBQ since it was Memorial Day weekend and stopped by Lucilles at Red Rock. We came on a good day I guess based on some of the reviews. We were seated very quickly. The food was great. My husband had the Beef Rib/Chicken combo and I had the Tri-Tip/Baby Back Ribs combo. Loved the biscuits with the cinnamon butter. The fried pickles as the appetizer were the highlight of my day. I have been to the one in Henderson and this one. Both times, my meals were superb. I will return.
3	For our occasional Happy Hour get-together with some of the friends in my development, we chose Lucille's this time.  It was new to six of us, and suggested by #7, who'd been there before.I called the day before because we needed a special accommodation for one friend who's in a wheelchair.  The manager, Evan, graciously said that we could sit right outside the bar area, where there were regular tables.  But when we arrived, we were seated at a booth.  They did allow us to move, though, which was helpful when we ended up being two more than originally scheduled.Our waitress, Barbie, started out great, but dropped the ball early.  One drink was never brought.  A water refill required two requests before it was done.  One friend had to send her burger back, but it wasn't returned until we were all nearly done eating, and then only after she corralled a different waiter to get her food.  With our drinks empty and 20 minutes to go before HH ended, we were never asked if anyone wanted another drink.  I was a little miffed that at the end, my friends decided to not only give the waitress a break, but even to go slightly above the 20% tip.  I wouldn't have stiffed her, but sure wouldn't have been that generous.I had the Cuervo margarita, and it was very good.  One friend ordered the strawberry lemonade, and only liked it after she had them add a shot of vodka to it.  She didn't get a sense of any of it in there the way it should have been.Now for the food:  the complimentary biscuits were good, even for this non-biscuit lover, but they didn't need the sugar sprinkled on top.  I like to save my calories for more important things.Almost everyone ordered something different, so I got to taste most of the HH offerings.  I had gumbo and a blackened chicken quesadilla.   The gumbo was more like a stew, the thickest one I've ever eaten.  It came with a small mold of white rice on top.  It had good flavor and just the right amount of spice for me, but way too much salt.  What it didn't have was a single piece of okra and not a shrimp in sight.  A friend who also had it found one little shrimp in hers, but also no okra.My quesadilla was okay, nothing to write home about.  Not a lot of chicken, and the chicken was barely blackened.  The one thing I can recommend is the wedge salad, ordered by another friend.  It was huge, and would have been a much better accompaniment to my gumbo.The rib tips were dry.  Isn't this a rib place????  Glad I didn't order them.  I didn't taste the pulled pork sliders, but they looked juicy and my friend said they were.  Fried tomatoes - a new experience for the northerners among us (and that's all of us, except for the one Australian!) - were devoured happily.Overall, Lucille's is okay, but just okay.  I don't think I'll use my gambling points to rush back.
1	Shenanigans.This place is like "Shenanigans" from the movie "Waiting."  You could call it a BBQ version of Chili's. It's run by kids who have no idea what quality guest service is. They all look so unhappy.  It appears as if each employee is waiting for the other to do whatever the task is. It wouldn't be so out of place if it wasn't connected to a beautiful resort. God knows what they are doing to the food. The one fall back they used to have was great live music, which they decided to discontinue...
4	Really enjoyed my dinner here.  The food was excellent, the service was rock solid.  We were not rushed out of there to turn the table.Tri-tip sandwich was excellent.  The cornbread was also excellent.  The watermelon tea was okay, not likely to be something I would order again.Will return, will recommend, looking forward to my next trip in.
5	I love the fried pickles that's the reason I came to Lucille's however I do have to say the sliders (pull pork) are delicious!! My server make me fell welcome from the moment she said hello, even when she knew I was waiting for the rest of party and they were running very late she was on point kudos to her she is actually the reason  I'm giving a five star 3 for food and ambiance and two extra for Wendy ( my server) btw happy hour is great, prices are good and portions big!!!
5	This restaurant is the BBQ king in Vegas.  Setting is great and food tastes wonderful.
4	The food is fantastic! Server DreAnna needs to learn better service skills. She is not attentive.
4	Great food. Good sized portions. You can get most of the appetizers in a half size. Fried pickles are the best. Peach lemonade  is too good. Ask for a to go lemonade...it's huge and great for these hot Vegas days.
5	Probably my favorite chain restaurant, consistently great food and attentive service. If you like BBQ I doubt you'll be disappointed.
4	I had dinner here again recently and it was really good.  I had the beef brisket dinner with the succotash and cole slaw. All of it was very tasty.  Even though I got the smaller portion of beef, it was still too much to eat.  The meat was nice and tender and not fatty at all which I like. My mom had the catfish and shrimp platter.  She really enjoyed it.  The only issue was that they don't serve cocktail sauce. But my mom used ketchup so she was fine. Our friend had the half rack of baby back ribs.  He seemed to like his meal too.  We also started with the onion strings.  They were delicious.  Our waitress was very good.  She came by often and was very attentive.  As my mom and I visit Red Rock often, I am sure we will be back to Lucilles soon.
3	Lucille's. Well I must say the portions were pretty huge. Their brisket was really good and also their barbecued baby back ribs. The gumbo however made me really sick when I got home and had been throwing up all night.
3	Pretty good food here imo.  Been here twice now. Had pork sandwich and jambalaya.  Both were good. Jambalaya was very spicy...be careful if you dont like spicy. Skinny margarita was excellent. And their honey blonde lage is also tasty. Only bad part was the fire alarm went off during our meal. It was extremely annoying. After asking several employees about it including a manager, they nonchalantly said it was the hotel and they couldn't do anything about. It was a little frustrating no sympathy, no apologies, just an oh well it happens all the time type attitude.UPDATE: The owner reached out to me regarding my experience. He was understanding and will be reviewing the training practices for the employees for situations like this in the future. Excellent follow up and glad to know my opinion does count.  Thanks Brad.
2	As I sat down to order food with my girlfriend I saw an ant crawling on my menu . My girl sat the menu aside and then her shoulder started itching to find 2 to 3 more ants crawling on her shoulder. Trying not to cause a scene we sat down and flicked ants off of her shoulder. My girlfriend stood up and got a waiter and the booth we were sitting in had 6-8 ants crawling on it. Can somebody please ask me if a manager EVER came to address the situation ? NO.... But of course who got the straight and narrow check at the end of it? THIS GUY
4	Awesome tri tips. The meat was tender and moist. Sauce was great.  had the 10oz portion and 2 sides.  it was more than enough food.  i didn't have room for dessert.  they had a live band playing so it livened up the evening.
3	Great bbq. Really bad service. I was shocked. Forgot our appetizer, didn't bring the right sides, never checked on us, didn't apologize for the mess up. But, did give us free dessert. Will come back for the food and will review again. Better luck next time.
4	First off, the four stars is for the food here.  Very close to five stars.  The service though is a a three at best.  Seems like we have been consistently ignored, long waits to see our server, order mistakes and other annoyances.  That being said, the food is so good I keep coming back!  Feed me that BBQ goodness!Recently came for lunch and they have a good lunch menu, again, service was awful.  Waited too long to see our server, another 10 minutes passed between drink order and food (they weren't busy) and they brought our orders out separately.   Again, food was bomb though lol.  I had the fried chicken sandwich and almost made love to the second half.
4	To start off, the Peach Moon was excellent! I love Blue Moon and this is a drink that takes this beer to a whole new level. Our server was Anthony was very attentive, my girlfriend kept telling me how cute he was. (Awkward I know) He suggested the tri tip and pasilla sandwich and that is what I ended up getting.BEST SANDWICH EVER. We will be coming back asap! I also like this location more than the GV location. Much more open and friendly environment.
4	Awesome BBQ! This place is giving Phil's a run for their moneyyy in terms of sauces. First of all, the restaurant was huge and really clean. Our waitress was really nice! She even explained the 3 different type of sauces available &general info about Lucille's. She started us off with freshly baked biscuits. These were no ordinary biscuits though. Some may argue that the bread was "hard" but I felt that it was necessary to have them a bit sturdy rather than having them fall apart. It had butter and some type of sugar? on top. Not sure what it was but it was something different and definitely tasty! Their sweet tea was good too, all their drinks were served in mason jars btw, so hipsters rejoice. Also note that they do serve their drinks in shareable portions. Onto the food: We got the "BBQ Lunch Platter" [$16]. Came with baby back ribs (3 bones, normal or St. Louis rub) AND "your choice of two of the following: pulled pork, brisket burnt ends, tri tip, hot link, rib tips or one quarter smoked chicken" (from the website) PLUS a side. I opted with the normal baby back ribs- juicy and fall of the bones type- & brisket as well as tri tip. All great choices! Their mac & cheese was cheeeesy just the way I like it. Tasted their potato salad too, Phil's won in that department by a long shot. Now in terms of sauces, Phil's has more of the tangy-spicy taste whereas Lucille's has the tangy-sweet taste which I liked better.. In terms of size & tenderness, I feel like Phil's is better. IN CONCLUSION: They're both great BBQ places (:
5	Absolutely amazing. Ate here for Father's Day and fell in love. The food isn't rushed, the flavor is explosive, and the strawberry lemonade that comes served in old fashion mason jars is UNBELIEVABLY GREAT! The atmosphere and service was also a major major plus! I'd recommend eating here for any occasion. Very reasonably priced menu might I add.
3	I love BBQ! I love BBQ that I don't have to travel far for. I want good BBQ! Luculle's is deliverable on that, to some extent. It really is a hit or miss here, more service wise but sometimes food wise. The majority of my dining is done in the day here. And we've come to the conclusion that sitting in the long big booths beside the bar are cursed. But in my restaurant world mind, I know why we usually get crappy service here. The bartender. This is the bartenders section and the day bartender always has sidework that has to be completed for the night bartender. SO their tables are a forethought in their mind. But I see her looking at us out of the corner of her eye and she's thinking let me finish this last lemon, or let me just finish prepping garnishes or re-filling mixers...but you took too long to finish and while we are here for a quick and speedy lunch, it always fails. We often have to ask for the biscuits, to tell her we are ready to order-which she probably already knows because as I said I saw her looking at us, for refills, the check, a box. As soon as the check dropped she was all smiles and thank you's. Nope, I don't fall for that and I am happy to educate the people that do not know better for they shall not be taken advantage of. The food is good. The portions are either too small or ridiculously big! Once I got a BBQ chicken salad for lunch, it was served to me in a soup bowl. UGH! Half of it ended up on the table after having to cut the large lettuce pieces. It was a $10 salad in a soup bowl. Their lunch prices and items are decent selection. On another visit I got, I think it was a special, BBQ chicken lettuce wraps. Could I have some more toppings with my lettuce. Thank you! But overall it lacked flavor anyway and I didn't finish it. The best things are their Fried Green Tomatoes with the Red Pepper Sauce! So yummy! Let me say though, I have had dinner at this location once and everything was great that night, service and food! Their drinks are probably the second best thing...their GIANT quart sized drinks will give you a sugar stroke if you are drinking pop but if you get their iced teas they are so good! Peach and Watermelon and they are not flavored with syrups! So they are unsweetened. That makes me a fan. The other is their cocktails while I've only had one at this location, Lucille's Big Peach, it was strong without being gross and I love peaches! I'll be back, it's not awful but I hate that I have to be sure to ask for a certain sections and have to limit what's good and not good on the menu when I like everything!
2	Worst bbq ever!  Meat was dry and no flavor without the sauce,  bread dusted in sugar is not a good thing.Coupled with lackluster management.  I kept thinking the buffet is better than this place.It is no Salt Lick.Not worth the price point.
3	Had a $9.99 BBQ Chicken salad that was the size of a dinner salad; that was pretty depressing.
4	I come for lunch and I have ordered BBQ chicken sandvich, I liked it very much, only it takes very long to bring food specially when you have only 1 hour lunch time
2	I give our visit to Lucille's 2 stars for a well deserved reason. Our server was not attentive and didn't even take our order. The server that eventually took our order, Travis, was very friendly and we wished he would have been with us from the beginning. The air conditioner was blowing on us the entire time making us want to leave even faster than our horrible server. Our sides came out at the end of our meal and our server never checked on us during the meal. They also forgot our peach lemonade and then tried to charge us for it. The food was mediocre and not worth the trip out or it's price. This will more then likely be the last time we visit Lucille's. On a positive note, the sauce was good. Maybe they should go back to the basics and start from there.
3	Overall, it was a little expensive for what the food was worth. It was well presented but  the taste was so-so.
1	It started off promising... BBQ smell was amazing and had my mouth watering. Got some wings as an appetizer. They came out fast but were really bland and lack that BBQ flavor I was craving. Next I waited for my brisket... and waited... and waited. An hour and a half later I got my food and it was flavorless.  They wouldn't even comp my appetizer for the wait. I will NEVER eat here again. Such a shame
4	The food was delicious, but the service was slow to start. The two bartenders who were back there never greeted me when I met my friend who was always sitting there. He finished his beer & was waiting for one of them to cash him out. He even asked one of them who was walking by & he ignored him. I left the bar to get a table and my friend was still waiting for the bartenders to cash him out while I waited for the table. When we finally got our table, we waited for a good 5 minutes before the server came, but after that she was very attentive. She was knew the menu well & was able to answer our questions. The food came out quickly & it tasted great. I got the brisket & cleaned my plate. I would definitely try this place out again.
2	I only gave them 2 stars because the food was good. Everything else was bad, really bad. We went on a Thursday night at 8pm, they were not busy. We were sat in a booth and it was freezing, not just cold. I would say it was at best 60 degrees, not enjoyable when you are trying to eat. Our waitress came over after 5 mins. at which time I asked about it being so cold, she response was the casino controls it but the servers love it because we get hot and it feels good, but not to worry that was the only cold spot in the resturant (judging by the people in jackets, in vegas, in summer, that was a lie) We ordered drinks, and when she brought them 10.mins later  we ordered an appatizer platter as well as our food. After 15 mins our food comes out, but no appetizer.  Our waitress is no where to be found, so we grab another waiter and tell him, we go ahead and eat because it's so cold our food is getting cold. My sister goes to take a drink of her sweet tea and there is fruit flies frozen into the ice. At this point myself and my food are frozen and I'm pretty upset. 15 mins. Go buy (Still no appetizer) and our waitress shows up and says, "yeah so your appetizer is coming, I charged you for it so it's on its way" I say ok that's fine but there is bugs in this drink, she looks in it and says "oh, it's just fruit files, we have a problem with them because of the bar, did you maybe want a new drink?" Of course we wanted a new drink, that is gross. She takes the drink, 2 mins. Later our appetizer comes out, now that we are almost done with dinner. 6 mins go buy before she brings the new drink back. I was pretty mad so I asked for the manager, who I tell the story too his reply was sorry we don't control the air. No mention of sorry there were bugs in your drink, or your food got cold, nothing. It really made me mad and I told him we would never be back and I was calling corporate. When our check came he had taken our appetizer off the check. I will never go back again, I should have paid more attention to the yelp reviews about this place. Good food does not make up for horrible service.
5	The most consistent BBQ joint on the West Coast. I have enjoyed Lucille's for approximately ten (10) years. I believe others have also.
2	1.  Waitress forgot extra dressing when main salads were brought out.2.  Second time she came back she said "If we want the extra dressing still she could bring it out".....when we clearly asked for it when requesting our food order.3.  By the third time she came back my salad was totally soggy and watery; wasn't even worth it.I'll give them another chance; I understand that times can get a little busy and hectic.
5	The most consistent BBQ joint on the West Coast. Without question, one (1) of my favorites. Joel, Christopher, Toby, and Stephanie know everything about BBQ and customer service. You will not be disappointed.
1	First time trying this place, and left much to be desired.  Hostess staff attempting to use the southern drawl .."Ya'll"... Just stop, this is Vegas, act like it and quit the stupidity.  The waiter also did another annoying throwback to Olive Garden and other large chain restaurants by squatting at our table to take our order.  I hate nothing more than trifle attempts at a larger tip thinking that such actions are welcomed.  Just take my order and take it well, do a good job is all I ask. Annoyance level - High.I ordered the Hawaiian Mojito and my husband ordered the Dixie Sweet Tea.  These were the only reason that this review warranted the single star.  We ordered the fried Okra, which obviously is a pre-packaged item that is simply dropped in the fryer at the time of ordering and not made fresh.  We did not mind so much, because it was not entirely bad.  For our entrees my husband ordered the Po'Boy and I the Steak Sandwich.  His Po'Boy was overkilled by the bread, the catfish nuggets had no seasoning, the sauce on the sandwich had no flavor and the mac and cheese side was simply macaroni with cheese melted on top with no flavor.  My steak sandwich was completely overloaded with the peppers and onions and greens, the meat was extremely tough for supposedly being marinated the night before.  The Chiabata bread had to have been at least day old or older as it was hard as a rock and impossible to bite into.  I finally tried cutting the bread with the steak knife provided and the bread crumbled... The Baked Beans were edible.  The meat was inedible and my dog will be the only one to actually enjoy this meal. Of course, only after I take the meat and rinse and soak it before sharing with her. I could not get out of there fast enough out of fear of being sick from what I actually consumed of the meal. It is really sad, because we did enjoy the atmosphere.  This was a waste of money and not anywhere worth the price point.  We will not return, nor recommend to anyone. Nice touch at leaving was that tootsie roll pops were given in substitution of mints at the door. Do not waste your time or money at this place and save your stomach.
4	I've been here a few times, and the service has always been good. The BBQ is really good. I got the tri-tip sandwich, I'd definitely recommend it. The corn bread is delicious. The catfish is very good, very fresh tasting fish. I thought the Mac and cheese to be average.
5	The most consistent BBQ joint on the West Coast. This establishment is quite excellent. I recommend any location. Thank you. I'm here all week. Every location. I'm here all week. Every location.
4	I had been wanting to try Lucille's since they've opened at Red Rock. There was a 45 minute wait to be seated, which gave me an idea that it's a good place to eat. They had a table ready for us earlier. However, we refused it, so we had to wait the 45 minutes. Once we were seated, everything flowed like clockwork.The ambiance is very nice. The restaurant is well decorated, clean, and holds a lot of people.The food was very good. I ordered spare ribs, with mashed potatoes, and veggies. My wife had Beef ribs, and was very satisfied. I've had better veggies before, but nobody goes to a BBQ restaurant for the veggies.The prices were very reasonable. I expected to spend way more than we actually did.The service is outstanding! Every employee we encountered were all very friendly, and helpful. Our server was on top of refilling our beverages, checking on us, and brought our food out in a very timely manner.I would definitely go to Lucille's again!
2	BBQ and Las Vegas. A very touchy subject. Adding franchise bbq joints to Las Vegas sounds like a great idea. Unfortunately, having all the pieces to operating a great restaurant includes customer service, presentation and maintenance. I had the displeasure of enjoying all  3 of these this last Friday for a colleague's going away lunch. The hostess was rude/stuck up, my forearm stuck to the table she seated us , and the server's service was less than sub-par forgetting 2 items we ordered because she did not write them down. This place only gets two stars because of its location and because the pitmaster actually knew what he was doing.
2	It's an overpriced Chilis. Portions are decent sized, but taste is lackluster. Came with a party of 8. Appetizers were ordered 1/2 hour before the entrees, but came at the same time. Unfortunately, all the entrees came 10 minutes apart from each other, and they "forgot" a kids meal. Only redeeming quality were the martini's at $8.50 a pop. Very strong and reasonable for Vegas.
4	The food was fantastic! I definitely recommend any of the steaks but not the ribs. The staff is friendly but not very attentive. The ambiance was fine, nothing special. The 4 stars were based on the food not so much anything else.
5	CALL AHEAD and get your name on the list for quick and easy seating. I've been to Lucille's at Green Valley a couple of times, so I was excited when they opened a Red Rock location last year.   Since they opened, I've been there 3 times and I always feel like I'm getting good value for my money.  They have great food, good drinks, and my girlfriend and I are both light eaters so we usually split a full rack of ribs and do fine with that.   I don't know about anything other than their ribs; it's what I go there for.   Don't bother with Ellis Island or (not so) Famous Dave's.  Go to Lucille's and enjoy a good meal.No live music at this location.  They built a stage in the restaurant, but Red Rock Casino won't allow them to bring in live music.
4	Me and my girlfriends just came back from the theater and needed some food! They told me about this place, and were so excited for me to try it. I love Bar-B-Que food! No way I was saying no!We got seated quickly and the TV's had the typical sports on it. :( Our waiter was nice and let us have a right amount of time to over look our menu. The drink glasses were huge! I was not going to bother my server for a refill.. The only complaint about this restaurant was it was way to COLD. They had the A/C blasting... my hair was waving in the wind and all. I couldn't wait to eat to get warmed up..BBQ Tri Tip was my choice.Angus Beef tri tip, and served with the savory mop sauce. The food looked good, and tasted good. Meat was tender, so you know they were cooking it for hours. Loved it! Another amazing BBQ restaurant!!
2	Went here with some girls for happy hour after work. I really wasn't impressed with anything, but here's a run-down of what we got:Pulled pork sliders: pretty good according to the girlsBrisket sliders: dried out brisket like it was sitting under a heat lamp all day waiting for usPotato skins: dried out and staleWedge salads: good (but how do you mess these up?)Biscuits: I just don't get all the sugar on it...it was crusted on in sheets. Snickers ice cream pie: this is where they really got downgraded. It's supposed to have a cookie/oreo crust. Mine came out with only the crust on the back, nothing underneath the pie! Like they couldn't get it out of the pan, so they said screw it and just gave me the ice cream. That's a big no-no for a girl who really only likes the crust when it comes to pie.
4	Listen closely, I am going to have to whisper this in your ear.... remember all the stuff about Rudy's BBQ, next in line this, n next in line that.... yada yada???? Well, I cheated. I went to Lucille's in Vegas. HOLY PETE! This is Texan style bbq= the real deal. Warm, moist fork tender brisket, sausages, ribs, steaks, even a lil chicken...I do not do fish, so did not even look to see if they serve it...ew. Rich tomato based BBQ sauce in the standard Texan rich and thick style, and they offer two others a spicy and a something or other= I was busy with the rich and thick.. Fresh made from scratch warm corn bread, real butter, real bbq beans, you know the kind with strips of beef in them.... sweet potato fries, reg fries, mashed taters, tater taters, garlic taters, crisp fresh salads, including tater,  real, home brewed tea- sweetened or not..... beer, wine,.... and a fabulous desert menu. Don't say you heard it from me, but schooch over Rudy's, mamas got a new bbq love! There are a couple of locations, I have only ever been to this one. It just occurred to me... I may be a bbq addict.
4	Love dining at Lucille's.  Had the tri-tip and pasilla pepper sandwich.  Sandwich could have used a little more meat.  Very tasty tho.  Good service.
5	Great food and good atmosphere but tonight service was bad. So that happens but your waiter should not take a dinner break and not cover there customers. Started strong never saw him until the check!
1	Ribs are good. But this place is waaaaaay overpriced. Go to Rolling Smoke it's better and cheaper
5	We tried it again, as Brad the owner reached out to us & they were spot on. Hot meal, great taste, they brought is extra sauce... It was a totally different experience. So happy to be able to put up a positive review & to have a great experience as this restaurant is very conveniently located for us. The ribs we like best are the St. Louis ribs are juicier. I love the portobello mushroom & coleslaw is delish!
3	We had a little better luck at the one in at The District in Henderson. But this was good, none the less. The only issue was the service. It seemed to be lacking at this location. The people seating us were friendly, and our server was at the onset as well. It wasn't until after we ordered that things got a little dicey. The server promised bread and then after 20 minutes of waiting our food came out instead. So we had to ask again for bread. They were missing aspects of our order, one part which did not even come out until we were almost done and full. The food was good though, but the price at this joint is quite steep for what you get. We will probably go back but not often.
2	Gave this establishment a chance to redeem themselves, but they were unable to. My hubby loves bbq and I love dessert, so we headed to Lucille's the other night. The wait was supposed to be 15 minutes, but we were seated after 30 minutes. The restaurant was maybe 2/3 full and the service was super slow. I ordered the "Famous" Banana Pudding and the hubby got the 1/2 chicken and two meats with two sides. He liked his food with the exception of a random piece of zucchini in his pulled pork. I had asked for my Banana Pudding to come out ASAP since my blood sugar was low. It didn't come out til my husband was halfway through his meal even though I ordered it as soon as we sat down. The waiter apologized and said that the first one fell on the floor and they had to make a new one. That happens, I get it...but it doesn't take 30 minutes to put together a new Banana Pudding. What I wasn't crazy about was this:1- the pudding was at room temperature - which tasted really weird.2- I asked for them to go light on the whipped cream, but it was served with tons of whipped cream.3- there were only two tiny banana slices on top of the whipped cream and none in the actual dessert. Any other banana pudding I've ever gotten had bananas in the mix.Overall, I still can't recommend this place. The waiters have no energy, the food is served without pride and I don't think the food justifies the prices charged.
4	Nice atmosphere, seated prompty, server was right on. Drinks were brought quickly.We ordered a full rack of baby back ribs which were excellent.  The side of mashed potatoes, and cole slaw were very good. The biscuits and butter were also fine.Al and all one of ther best ribs we have ever had.
3	We ate here twice while at the casino. The food was okay a lot better than you would expect in a casino. The onion straws were very good
4	We haven't had a chance to revisit Lucilles since the last visit, but after my recent review I received almost immediate feedback from the management of the company. The apologized for the issues and mailed me a gift card and ask that we give them another chance. Any company that operates like that instantly deserves a one star bump. So 4 stars for these guys now and we will be back soon.
2	The original location in town is at The District & for years we drove across town from the west side to enjoy the sweet tea,warm biscuits with apple butter & ribs. When it opened at Red Rock near us I was thrilled! Unfortunately the quality isn't the same. It's as if the magic touch was lost at the new location.Last night our tea was so bitter it was sent back, the biscuits were burned & hard & at that point I told myself no more trips to this location. Not sure what's going on but it's not the first time we had issues here. We always voice our concerns but I don't see improvements. Looks like we'll occasionally make our way across town because we did always enjoy the other location. I hope they eventually get their act together.
3	The decor is cute and the restaurant is huge. The waitress was very nice and handled our large party well. I had the crocodile cooler to start my meal. That was dangerously delicious. We got several appetizers. The fried pickles were ok, but I always like the slices more than the spears, since they are easier to eat. The chicken tenders were good. The fried green tomatoes were a little greasy. I did not like the spinach artichoke dip. I got the trip tip sandwich for my entree and I was disappointed. The meat wasn't very tasty and the house BBQ sauces are really unappetizing. They are far too sweet. My favorite part of the meal was their burnt ends. If I ever had to go back, I would stick with those alone. I would also get a side of the garlic mash. Those were pretty legit too.
3	This was our 2nd visit at this location.Went about 10:30pm Saturday for late night bite.Wife ordered Pulled Pork Sandwich with Sweet Potato Fries & I ordered the Tri Tip Sandwich with Pasilla Peppers, Jack Cheese with Honey Roasted Peanut Slaw.Nothing special about the Pulled Pork Sandwich or Sweet Potato Fries.Decent amount of Pork in Sandwich & good flavor but easily forgettable.Wouldn't crave it or make me want to come back to order same.Fries were barely warm & not crispy. More like having sit for some time?The Peanut Slaw was good but sure Stingy with amount served.The Tri Tip Pasilla Pepper Sandwich had good flavor in general. Meat was tender, juicy & tasty.The slivers of Pasilla Pepper with Jack Cheese added flavor to the meat.However, again, stingy with the amount of meat & slivers of Pasilla Peppers. They, like many Sandwich places, pile most of the meat in the center so when cut in half, appears to have adequate amount of meat?But the center pile was not very high & had to move some meat from center area to edges where no meat existed. At first I though sandwich was going to have a whole Pasilla Pepper stuffed with Jack Cheese, which would have been great but as it turned out was only slivers of the pepper in very limited, sparsely spaced amount.You'd think that, for $14.49 you would get a little more meat & an adequate amount of the peppers and use somewhat larger slices of bread? The advertise thick grilled sourdough but I would prefer regular thinner larger slices!They use the thick sliced bread to make the sandwich appear bigger but in reality,  it's just a Small Fat $14.49 sandwich!I'll have to try ordering the same sandwich at the District location to determine if that is same or not?My guess is that the District location will be better all around.On the upside, the waiter service was great this time.
4	Do i really have to review Lucilles.. well here we go this location is in the Red Rock Casino and its a bigger place than the green valley location. As far as food goes theres only a couple things that i look forward to when i eat here.Beef Ribs & St Louis Ribs and sometimes when im really hungry ill order a mardi gras chicken to go. The biscuits and apple butter is always a great bite. The only bad side is the smoking from the casino does come into the dining room so i guess that will be the reason i go to green valley over this location. but food is always consistent
1	Absolutely poorest management. Service was horrible. Truly horrid. Lots of staff walking around.  Our waitress was totally inefficient.  Lots of wasted steps.  She was gone from her section for long periods.  Pork and bread were dry.  Not as good as the Lucilles at the District.  And also they need busboys/girls. Overstaffed but inefficient.  Bartender is also waiting tables plus serving at the bar plus performing bartender duties.  Will not be back.
4	Said it was a 30 minute wait. Waited 27 minutes. Meat was great quality. Full of juicy goodness. Ordered half rack of ribs with corn on the cob x2 and mixed veggies (more like zucchini) and half chicken/burnt ends/rib tips with corn and mashed. Hubby had to take the chicken home the portions were so big.Worth the $ for the quality. And who can resist hot towels?Waitress overcharged for an extra tea but it was quickly fixed. Hence the 4 stars.
2	I haven't been to a Lucille's for a pretty long time. I would say the last time was 4-5 years ago when I lived in California and when it was actually really good. The husband and I were at Red Rock and we decided to eat here, since we ate at Yard House not too long ago at The Linq. We were seated right away on a Sunday afternoon, but service was a bit slow. Our waitress was friendly and always had a smile on her face, but it seemed like she disappeared for a long time while we were waiting. She also forgot about the beer that my husband ordered, so we had to remind her when she brought out our food.I ordered the pulled pork sliders, and geez, they were horrible! The sweet rolls were very soggy from the beginning. I decided to push those off to the side and just eat the pork by itself. But then the pork was waaayy to salty. It was like they went overboard with the sauce, then decided to dump even more salt over it! Even the sweet potato fries were very salty and over cooked. I can't remember what it was called, but my husband ordered some kind of meat combo and said it tasted fine. So I'm not sure if I just happened to come in on a day that the pulled pork was pure crap? The only highlight of this place was the sweet tea and the Totsie Roll Pops, so 2 stars for that! After we finished eating, there were flies flying around our food. I understand that the restaurant has no control over that, since they can come in whenever someone opens the doors, but it's still annoying. At least they weren't around while we were eating.Well, I gave Lucille's another chance, but won't be back! There are definitely better bbq places here in Vegas! It's sad how this chain has gone sooo downhill.
3	This is a good, consistent BBQ place! Is it the best in the city? Probably not. But I am always happy when it is the suggested spot to meet. Yes. They are great groups or if family is in town! Affordable and super kid friendly too!Every time I have been the service is A++The food has been a solid B+The apps are some of my favorites. Love the Caesar salad. Maybe small plates for dinner might be the thing to try next time?
4	Great happy hour menu! We sat at the bar. We had great food (off happy hour menu) great drinks, and great service. We will be back.
3	Nice location but the other location in henderson is better. The biscuits were hard and the service was slow. But still good food with improvement would give 4 stars.
4	Love this place, so happy to see that they're by the house now too! Food is good, and the lemonade is the best! Recommend this place for a "quick" bbq spot.
5	Absolute blast!! Our first visit and all the food was incredible!!! From pulled pork sandwiches, tri-tip, brisket to all the sides; everything was very good.  Our party of 8 enjoyed the meal and the beautiful of the outdoor water display and Palm trees.  We will return again.
3	We enjoy the Lucille's in Henderson way better.  It's funny how the same joint can prepare food differently.  The taste, presentation, service, and portions are a little lacking from the Henderson spot.  Nevertheless, if you are in the mood for some BBQ, this is a solid 3 star.  The sauces are a thumbs down.
2	Wife and I went there for lunch around 2 PM. Ordered a beer and waited about 10 minutes. Thought they must be really busy, got up to look around, hardly anyone there. No one behind the bar. When food came the guy didn't bother to ask who order which plate, just put them down in front of us. Wrong plates. Fries were cold. Called waitress over and asked for hot fries and also the biscuits she never brought. She was very polite and took care of it. Must say, the meat was excellent. Baby Backs, burnt tips and chicken.
1	Worst customer service. The hostess gave me a table by an open window.  It was cold and I finally asked to be moved. The waitress didn't bother to move my drinks nor food. No utensils were provided , so me and my friend just left.
4	I've been here a few times and it is kind of a mixed bag. I go for the brisket, which is great. I think  that 7 oz of brisket for $18 or so is a little much, but what can you do? Go at lunch.  The good: iced tea, fantastic potato salad, and the brisket. The cocktails are good. I wish I could remember the name of the one I had. The bad: the weird greasy spread they give you with the biscuits. It is always waxy and not very flavorful.  It seems like they use cheap margarine. The hot links - too much garlic in my opinion, but I haven't had them in ages. Service can be iffy.
3	Lucille's is right next to the Red Rock Casino. Parking is scarce on weekends, so we parked at the Red Rock Parking Garage and walked 5 minutes. We made a reservation online, so we didn't have to wait 40 minutes like many.It was good solid food, but not great or spectacular. I ordered my favorite type of BBQ, beef brisket, and my wife had a Tri Tip Salad.  The service was a bit slow, but somewhat understandable due to the amount of people there.  The place was nice and clean.We are glad we went, but might not go back unless we are in the area and in the mood for BBQ.  Another restaurant in town has a better Texas Brisket.
4	This is the best South-Eastern style BBQ that I have tried so far.  I am more partial to Texas style, but this one is very good.  Had to ding them for a star because the BBQ sauce had a slight molasses taste to it (perhaps because it is South-Eastern style) and I thought it was slightly pricey (but it was in a casino).  The burnt tips are really not burned (that is a good thing) and are the best I have ever tried, including Texas style.
3	I'm sorry to have to do this, as the manager was so nice as to contact me, but I have to stick with my 3. I went with a large group again. The waiter was very nice, however, he was not well trained. He seemed very flustered and confused. He would come up and get half the drink orders and then walk away, and come back later to get the rest. He walked around the table and sporadically asked for people's dinner orders, which left 2 of my friends without putting in an order. We had almost all the appetizers and most of them are good. I tried the ribs and they were okay. The sauce is too sweet for my taste. My order didn't come out with everyone else's. The waiter said that it was still being prepared... it was a salad. All in all, it's a good atmosphere, the service needs work and the food flavors are very sweet, which is good for some pallets, just not my own.
2	Ok. We'd been wanting to try this new spot at Red Rock casino since seeing adverts prior to its opening. To be fair here, they haven't been open that long and I'm sure are working out kinks in their overall service and kitchen teams. All that aside, we probably wouldn't eat here again. We arrived on a busy Friday night and had a modest wait. A good plus; they communicated wait time and updates via text to our phone. Useful for service and accountability. After about 10 min, and two couples who arrived after us being sat before us, we were seated and promptly greeted by our server who was friendly and refreshingly honest about the menu. We ordered beverages, no issues there. We ordered an appetizer and our meals and commenced to conversation, nay...yelling at each other whilst waiting because the dinner rush was so damn loud where we sat. And we waited...and waited...and waited...15 min in, we got biscuits and butter. Another 10 min later (frankly, we thought our waiter forgot about the appetizer) our half size ordered app finally arrived. Let me pause here...the biscuits...not so much. Soft, crumbly and kinda sweet...not like any biscuit I've ever had unless you would call a flour-y, sugar dusted yeast roll a biscuit. Not horrible...just not great either. The half order fried okra...meh...too much breading...fried too long but not horrible.We commenced to waiting again for our meals. Ribs for hubs, pulled pork for me. We waited a little more. Then a little more. After nearly 40 min following the time we ordered, we asked to speak to a manager. The manager arrived table side shortly and confirmed they would investigate the delay. After about 5 min, she reappeared, plates in hand. Let me pause...ribs and pulled pork are not things you just whip up...these things take time (when done right) so I'm not really sure where the delay stemmed from. Either the kitchen died a terrible death in the weeds of the Friday night dinner rush OR our server forgot to enter the order OR food was left to die in the expeditor's window. Doesn't really matter because the food wasn't all that great anyway. The floor manager comp'd us 20 bucks on our meal which was quite nice. Our server was generally attentive so no real complaints there. The pulled pork...meh. The ribs, apart from being cold, were average. Not a huge fan of their house sauces; a mustard/vinegar based Carolina style sauce, a molasses based sweet sauce, and a hot "have mercy" sauce. All meh...I can't justify a third star for a place we won't be going back to but our waiter and the manager deserve some positive recognition.Perhaps you'll have a better result!
1	The worst food poisoning experience I ever encountered I experienced following a trip to Lucilles!    I was there November 3rd for Monday night football and as it was a little chilly outside I decided to have some corn chowder soup.   The waiter who took our order was brand new as the woman behind him mentioned that as he took our order.  I got the soup with cornbread and should have said something about how it wasn't that hot and tasted a little off.   The way he served it with an uncertain look should have been a sign.   That night I encountered the worst level of food poisoning ever which carried for a few days. I will spare the review from being descriptive but I don't wish my worst enemy to experience what i went thru.    When I finally had enough energy to call them (not being able to eat anything at all for days) i called to speak to the manager who rushed me to expect a call from HR later that day.   It was a day later and instead of asking if I'd like to see a doctor, she told me she would call in a few days.   That never happened and instead I got a gift card from them....    I wouldn't consider going back and called the HR woman telling her how disgusted I was on how sending a gift card was there way of handling after throwing up for days and being as sick as I was (I should have been in the hospital).  She said I would get called over the next day or two by her supervisor as well as the insurance company...  Her supervisor never called and today the insurance company called and basically told me they wont do anything making me feel like a victim with all their questions.   I tried calling to speak to the owner, got the HR person again and I'm done feeling like a victim.  I've contacted the board of health based on getting food poison following being there and if you also got food poisoning following going to Lucilles I'd recommend you do the same!   If I could give negative stars I would!
5	This was the first time I had been to a lucilles. It was excellent. Way better than famous daves.The service was great for a busy Friday night. Ordered ribs both beef and baby back. Both were delicious as we're the burnt ends app. The best part, the biscuits and the hot towels at the end. We will definitely be back
3	Food is always good but the to-go guy seems a little lost when you are waiting for your to-go food.
3	We got the family feast $124.00!  Plus I had to order another $8 side and extra biscuits.   It served 5 adults and 2 kids.  I think for the amount of food we had it was very pricey.  The ribs were good, didn't love the sauce.  the chicken was super dry.  The bisquits were like rocks, no one ate them.  Beans and cole slaw pretty good.  I would definitely not return due to the small overpriced portions.
3	After reviewing this place on yelp.  The owner contacted me.  He offered me a gift card.  I went back today.  However little had changed.  The biscuits were not very good,  the rib tips were fatty and filled with bones. The burnt ends were fatty as well.  Compared to the henderson location they have alot to work on.  It was very nice of the manager to offer the gist card and the service was good however I come for the food.  So I must be honest.
1	The worst 2014 Thanksgiving take-out ever!  We were so disappointed that the food was so awful after they had told me that everything was cooked and smoked there.  It might have been--but from last year since the turkey and ham were so dry, hard, and tough.  It was like it had been micro-waved.The sides were salty, and the gravy was thick as pudding. The sweet potato pie was fair. The packaging was nice, but we wanted some good food and that didn't happen.We won't return even though we use to like the pulled pork and ribs.  It's true what people say that it is a hit and miss there.  The sign of a good restaurant is that it is always good.
1	Our experience today was very disappointing.   The server was so disinterested in her job it was more than apparent.   The food was cold, and the "brisket" was burned...  so disappointed. .
5	First time here last night. They offer variety of natural flavored teas and lemonades. For me, everything is perfect from drinks to food to staff to dining setup to variety of sauces on the table. We tried the watermelon iced tea. I love it when they serve it on a jar. We had tri cut, beef rib and baby back ribs. Meat is tender, juicy and flavorful. Im definitely coming back and bringing more friends.
4	The BBQ here is good. Not great but good. The chicken has spices I don't really like. The ribs, pork and brisket is good. What makes this place a four on my review is the fact that they offer very good fixins . the cornbread, okra, beans, Mac n cheese and their buffalo wings are all very good.I like the location and atmosphere here. Good eats.
3	My wife and I decided to give them a try last night as we were both wanting bbq and I didn't have time to do it right.  It was early dinner time so we were able to get seated quickly, with no wait.  My wife ordered the two meat platter, $30 and I had the 10oz. brisket dinner, $21. Our waitress was friendly and went over some facts about Lucille's, which was kind of nice.  She off us "some" biscuits and apple butter, which of course, we accepted.  We got two biscuits, no more, we were never offered more either.  Our dinners came and what a disappointment.  My wife ordered hers with the burnt ends, tri-tip and baked potato.  She got three sliced of tri-tip and a small handful of burnt ends.  Not worth the price, even the potato was on the small side.  The tri-tip was quite tender and had a good flavor, the burnt ends on the other hand  were cut quite small, maybe 1/2" square and were on the chewy side.  The potato was, well a potato.My plate had four slices of brisket that were cut in half, mac and cheese and what were supposed to be french fries.  The brisket was very tender, but lacked a smokey flavor that I expect from truly smoked meat.  The mac and cheese was quite good, nice and cheesy.  The fries, or what were supposed to be fries, were the shoe string type that seemed more like shredded hash brown that didn't stick together when they cooked. Overall we were disappointed.  The small portions and mediocre flavors were definitely not worth the price we paid.  We've had much better.  Would we go back???  Maybe to give another try, but just maybe.
5	Tonight, Dec. 23, 2014 was our first time at your restaurant, everything was perfect. My husband ordered the Mardi Gras Chicken, and I ordered the Southern Fried Catfish and Shrimp. For starter, we ordered Fried Okra and Sweet Potato Fries. It was a lot of food. Everything was delicious and the best. We loved everything including their services. We are planning to go back next year...Thank you Paulina for your Excellent Service. The manager was impressive. She came to our table 3 times to makes sure that everything was satisfactory. Thank you. Your hostesses are the best.
5	Delicious!! My husband loved the beef ribs!  Brisket salad was perfect, large & tasty!  Service was friendly, fast, & informative!  Would definitely come back!!
3	Very good food but the service was horrible! The restaurant was only about half full. We were in a back corner and it took forever to get a waiter to come over...then the manager came, took the order and drinks, and then introduced us to our actual server...who never came back. We had to call the manager over again to get refills on drinks. All the servers were too busy talking to each other.It's always disappointing when good food is ruined by poor service...
2	First time take out.    Ribs overlooked and dry.  Brisket was like jerky.    Beans had weird taste, but that is probably their recipe.    Chicken fingers for our son were pretty bad as well.      Can't see this place sticking around long with better barbecue places close by.
1	I'm so scared or brother-in-law wants to go eat there today last time it was so bad I don't know everybody wish me some luck hope I live have a great New Year's. Happy New Year's to all.
1	I really hate having to write a bad review, but my visit to this location warrants this.First, I'll talk about the food. Overly priced, the portions were small, our biscuits were hard, and in general for the price, it did not seem worth it. The restaurant was almost empty, but it still took a long time for everything to come out. And we didn't order anything "well done" or anything that would be a reason for it to be so slow.Service - Our server was nice and informative. But I saw him so busy running food to other tables, refilling drinks for other tables, even bussing other tables, it was hard to get his attention, when we needed things. I don't fault the server for this, it just seems unfortunate that a restaurant gives so many duties for a server when all they should be doing is working on customer service. Most likely won't be back. I tried the Green Valley location a few years ago and enjoyed it, but this one wasn't up to par unfortunately
5	One my favorite dining places in the red rock Hotel in my personal opinion better today no doubt this is the best restaurant get burgers I ordered the mushroom burger and it was the best decision I've ever made in my restaurant eating life is so goodthat after I was done my mouth is still watering I definitely recommend that you should come here and order the mushroom burger you won't be disappointed but it did take a while for the water to come so if you're thirsty bring yourself a water and welcome to the new age to the new age I'm radioactive radioactive
