1	So, my dad took me here today and billed it as an "upscale Houston's."  I think not.This place is a total Houston's rip-off.  Seriously, the decor is the same, the smell when you walk in is the same, the servers' outfits, the menu, the drinks, the silverware - I guess you see the point.So I ask the server, "are you affiliated with Houston's?" He goes off on a story about how the WCG is an original concept and much better than Houston's - yada yada, save it for someone who isn't an aficionado of the Houston's persuasion.If you are going to say all of that, and clearly be a rip-off of my *favorite* restaurant, then you had better live up to the name.  And frankly, they don't.  I had the seared ahi tuna salad with mango and avocado (surprisingly, Houston's has the EXACT SAME SALAD - only better).   It was good, as I was jonesing for some tuna - but I could have done without the heavy sesame crust and the drenching with dressing.  My dad has the rotisserie chicken, and was so disappointed that they ended up taking it off of the bill (it was cold and dry).  We both had fresh-squeezed Arnold Palmer's - and they had ooky sugar-coated rims.  No thanks.The french fries were excellent, yay french fries.  Oh, and surprisingly, you can get them with mustard-honey dressing, just like at Houston's - though again, it wasn't as good.You know, it is probably a 3-star restaurant, but I was so put-off by the whole "we aren't Houston's and that restaurant sucks" attitude - when they are so clearly trying to be Houston's, that I will not ever be back.  If I want Houston's I will get the real thing, and it will taste better.Plus, I think the name is super lame.  The service was fine, the place is fine - but just go get the real thing, it is worth the wait.**UPDATE**I upped my star rating to 3 because the GM contacted me and explained a bunch about the restaurant.  I really appreciate such personalized customer service - he certainly didn't have to be so nice.  So, I will try WCG again and hopefully pull the rating up another star!  I still think the name is funny . . .** ANOTHER UPDATE **I was harassed by a fellow "reviewer" of the WCG who was clearly affiliated with the restaurant.  This "reviewer" has no other reviews and is a bit fishy.  I do not appreciate being contacted to argue about the experience I had and this type of activity destroys the integrity of Yelp.  I will not be returning to WCG and neither will anyone I know in AZ (they will all be hearing this story!).  Plus, we like Houston's better, anyway, so this will not be a loss!
3	I must admit, the idea I had of this place totally did not fit with reality. And that's not their fault. Somehow, I had this image of the White Chocolate Grill as a chic place - but it is far from it. The decor really does remind me of Houston's. The place is very dark and fairly masculine. Not exactly what I had in mind for lunch with mom, but whatever ... I was ready for anything.Still, I never did quite get my bearings in this place. Service was rushed and the food wasn't really that great. I can't turn down an Ahi Tuna Salad, which is what I ordered here, but the dressing was overpowering, even after I sent the salad back asking for less of the creamy stuff. So that wasn't good, but even more disappointing was the tuna, which really had no flavor. Oh, and the server never did return to ask how everything tasted. Given that it didn't taste that good, that was disappointing.The bar was beautiful and I may be back for a happy hour drink. But overall, not a place I'm clamoring to return to.
3	While some friends and I were looking for a place to eat before our movie at Scottsdale 101 we decided to try White Chocolate Grill. This restaurant has a very sleek modern look and the inside is very dark as if trying to create more intimacy at the tables. The menu offers mostly sandwiches, burgers,  various meats, and some salads. I was not in the mood for meat, but was to hungry for a salad so this put me in a bit of a dilemma. Finally I decided to order the club sandwich with a side choice of steamed broccoli. The broccoli was actually my favorite thing I ordered. It was steamed perfectly and sprinkled with what I believe was Parmesan cheese and some sort of red pepper. It was really delicious! My sandwich was really good as well, but I thought it was a little pricey. Later we followed our meal with a molten chocolate souffl. The souffl was amazing and came out with a layer of white chocolate around it. There were many other white chocolate dessert items going along with the restaurants name such as a white chocolate brownie. I also had a taste of their white chocolate raspberry cheesecake, but it was a bit to tart for my liking. The restaurant was a bit fancier and pricier then what I was expecting, and although the atmosphere was very nice, there was not enough items on the menu that I was interested in to go back soon.
3	Ok so if you've ever been to the Daily Grill, same deal.  Food is good, very nice looking in there.  They did the happy birthday trick well.  I would eat here again, was yum.
3	I really wish I could rate their food and their desserts differently using the yelp 'stars', but sadly I can't.  More on that in a bit.One of the first things you notice about this place when you step in the door is how strikingly it resembles 'Houstons' -- the set of chain restaurants.   As other reviewers have pointed out, they really seem to want to emulate this chain.  Badly.  The interior is cool and dark, they have the same style Houstons high-back booths, and even the menu is pretty much the same.  Right down to the thin-cut fries!  I ordered their club sandwich and fries (because I have little faith in 'trendy' restaurants that serve American fare -- and I figured it would be hard to screw up a club sandwich).  I was pleasantly surprised by their version of a club -- with hand cut turkey and apple-smoked bacon.  It was 'good' -- not 'excellent-and-I-need-to-come-back-here-to-enjoy-this-again'.Where the White Chocolate Grill really shines is in its dessert selection.  Their desserts are quite good.  A bit more expensive than most places, but they give you large portions.  I ordered the 'White Chocolate Banana Cream Pie' and was surprised to get not a slice -- but a whole small pie!  The pie WAS 'excellent-and-I-need-to-come-back-here-to-enjoy-this-again'.  Its served cold over a very thick (and tasty) graham cracker crust, with shavings of white chocolate as garnish on top.And man, if you like white chocolate you'll be in heaven in this place.  5 out of the 6 desserts offered by the White Chocolate grill have white chocolate in them.I would give their desserts 4 stars, and their food 3 stars.  Definitely come here if you want a place to take a date for dessert and a coffee.
4	very houstons-esque. i hear that an old houston's employee started this place. the decor, menu & feel is very similar. the chicken was great.  they serve cous cous as one of their side options (crazy! very tasty as well). their wine selection was varied & good as well. service was good & attentive. a big plus- for a party of 8 people there was no added gratuity.
4	I went here with some friends over the weekend and a good time was had by all.  We sat in a great booth/chair combo table and the atmosphere was comfortable without being too pretentious.  Too bad I can't say them same about most of the patrons.  We didn't hang out in the bar, but it's a pretty amazing setup.  The food was delicious, but nothing over the top.  Their desserts are their real money makers.  There were four of us and we each decided to order one and share them.  Banana Cream Pie - Yum.  White Chocolate Brownie - Double Yum.  White Chocolate Raspberry Cheesecake - Cheesecake Factory who?  Apple Pie - Fab take on an old favorite!  They are very large though, so one is enough for two folks to share!  They had a favorite wine of my friend's which is not all that common - a definite plus!  I would go here again, but I wouldn't go out of my way to do so.
5	Yes, it may be a chain (there are locations in Vegas and Chicago too), but WCG is a special restaurant... with top notch service, awesome food & drinks, fun atmosphere, and moderate prices, I have to give 5 stars.  I almost don't want to give 5 stars, just because they're a chain, but after my experience there tonight, I feel they deserve an all-star rating!I arrived first (as usual) and put our name in (party of 4)... it was prime time (7:30 on a Friday night), so I expected a wait.  (They don't take reservations during dinner; only lunch).  I was given a beeper thing, and no more than 5 minutes later, it vibrated.  The rest of my party was not even there yet!  The hostess sat me anyways - there was a great table available in the bar area.  Alicia was our server and approached me within minutes of sitting down to take my drink order.  I also ordered the artichoke appetizer for the table.  The rest of my party arrived and Alicia was back to take their drink orders. share the specials, answer questions, etc...3 of us ordered the crab cake entree (2 with a side of broccoli and 1 with a side of honey roasted carrots) - and my dad had the halibut with fries... everything was delicious!  The crab cakes are not breaded at all; they melt in your mouth!  The broccoli is steamed just right and sprinkled with parmesan and some special seasoning that makes it taste great.  The carrots are sweet like candy.  I didn't have any, but the fries that came with the fish looked good too!In the past, I've also had the Four Cheese Spinach & Artichoke Dip (served with warm tortilla chips and salsa), the Rotisserie Chicken Tortilla Soup, and several salads... I've always been impressed with the quality, taste, and serving sizes too!I didn't tonight, but if you can - save room for dessert!  The desserts are actually listed at the top of the menu, so they stand-out - for good reason!  They are all phenomenal!  My favorites are the White Chocolate Brownie, the White Chocolate Banana Cream Pie with Graham Cracker Crust, and the apple pie a la mode!Yes, the menu is similar to Houston's; yes, the bar is a replica of Ocean Club... but, the service and quality of WCG make this place unique and worth every bit of the 5 star rating I'm giving them!EDIT: Service on a Friday night was not quite as great... I'll keep their 5 star review, but i'm rounding up now from a 4.5.  We'll see what happens next visit!
3	I have been here several times in the past and was always pleased.Went for lunch yesterday and was not so pleased, here's why:Our server was not on top of things, he did not fully explain the special, only noticed this when I overheard another waitress describing it.I ordered the Blackened fish sandwich(mahi-mahi) (see pics) I chose to have the Vegetable of the day which he told me was roasted spaghetti squash.  The fish itself was very good, the sauce however had a weird herb or spice that just didn't sit right with me and the squash was riddled with raisins and pistachios (that would have been nice to know beforehand) it was also barely warm. My husband ordered the Balsamic Rib-eye with mashed potatoes (see pics) I tasted it it had a great flavor and he loved it! The mashed potatoes however were lukewarm at best.......sigh........I ate the tomatoes that came on his plate and they were the best part of the meal, so sweet and juicy drizzled with balsamic Yum!We  Finally got a refill on our soda when we had only a few bites of food left! Our little waiter was too busy pretending to be cool holding up the bar.There is nothing worse than food that is not hot, except not having anything to drink while eating!!They are only getting 3 stars now because I KNOW they can be quite good.Hope you make it up to me WCG!!
3	My first visit, I thought this place was dope. Very Non-North Scottsdale... kinda. Whatever this means. I guess its meaning, I was impressed without catching an uncontrollable itch. It is cool, quaint, a bit chainy... but ok for a new experience.The basic menu is what you would expect from a chained "Grill." The main reason to visit is the dessert menu, which most of the reviewers have agreed. The White Chocolate Brownie IS better than sex. Yes, ok guys... not many men say this, but obviously you don't know my ex-, unless you were in Old Town Scottsdale 3 months ago and the douchnozzle reading this review. It just wasn't that great, but the White Chocolate Brownie... scrumpths without her 14 yr old boyish figure.Go with someone that isn't a cadaverous lay and has great taste in dessert delights. You'll be happy with the visit.
4	The White Chocolate Brownie is the BOMB. It is pure white!! Not a chocolate brownie with whit chocolate chips, the whole thing is albino!!I havent been there in over a yr though. I will have to call and see if they use hydrogenated oil. If they do I wont be going back.
5	Did I die and go to dessert heaven? White chocolate is my favorite edible thing and their desserts definitely deliver. My favorite is the white chocolate banana cream pie. Get it... you won't be sorry. I have also had the pleasure of trying the white chocolate brownie and white chocolate bread pudding, both amazing as well. As far as the restaurant and food itself... the food is good for a "high-ish end" chain grill. I had the Parmesan crusted steak (it was cooked perfectly) and my garlic mashed potatoes were fabulous but let me talk about the appetizer. I was pregnant the last time we went, so it could be the hormones talking BUT I know a good artichoke when I get one. It's not many places you can order a grilled artichoke appetizer and this place made me one extremely happy pregnant lady because it was one of the best I've ever had.
4	Came here with some friends and ordered drinks and dessert. Nice decor, ordered some food to go and it was delish!
4	I went here the other day and forgot how fucking good and moist their rotisserie chicken is, seriously never had white meat that juicy!!The honey glazed carrots are bomb the are filleted long ways, I thought it would be like baby carrot grossness but no, filleted long ways and taste like a roasted buttery marshmallow try them!!The only thing that has trans fat is the ice cream they use dreyers, Ive written them a letter with alternative ice creams that are cheap and do not use the gross oil. Waiting to hear back. The roasted artichoke is also super good, a little pricey at 9 bucks but good. The service is really good, the only bad thing Ive had is steak but I hate steak when I eat out its never as good as I make it.
5	I have been here a few times for both lunch and dinner....and I will keep coming back. Its in a great location to have dinner and a movie, since the Cine Capri is a stones throw away.Their menu is the only one that I have seen that starts listing the desserts first!! HELLO - I think they are onto something here!My recommendations: the Blackend Fish SandwichThe Mahi MahiRainbow Trout (yeah I like my fish...living in the desert!)Parmesan FiletThe service has always been great. I really like the interior  - wood from floor to celiing and the lighting is a good mood-setter.Thumbs Up for me!!!
4	Is it wrong to update a review a lot?! I went in and decided to try a new item other than my usual rotisserie chicken , which did I mention was like the most delicious thing ever?For some reason I just wanted like a sandwich. I wouldn't think of them for a sammy(my girlfriend hates when I call them that) I got the club BUT it isn't like other clubs. They actually rotisserie up the turkey themselves so it isn't shitty processed nitrate grossness. it was moistest, non gamey, turkey ,the most crisp bacon,awesome cheddar and peppered tomatoes so damn good!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I got it with no mustard or mayo and a side of BBQ.  The mustard I got on the side too. mayo is gross. But the BBQ I think they make, it is kinda fruity like cherries or something perfect to dip every other bite in. The have crappy fries so dont get them as a side the mashed potatoes are very good and they added a speck of nutmeg and have a fresh thin jus from the chicken. They are really good and normally i would never order mashed potato's. The cous cous is pretty good it has a cilantro yogurt sauce and raisins and pistachios. very pleasant ;)I did try to get a burger once and I took it back, never get a burger. If the burger was good they would get 5 stars
5	This would probably have to be one of my favorite restaurants. The service and food are exceptional. Usually when we go to the same restaurant I stick to the same thing, but WCG is the exception. The crab cakes delicious, prim rib fantastic and the dessert is awesome. Love love love this place.
4	Ok, this is one of my favorite type of places - the type where you pick dessert first and then plan your meal accordingly. The service was very attentive and, for the record, my steak was very tasty. In fact, my steak was better than the one I had at bourbon steak during restaurant week and for about half the price. but, the desserts here are truly the stars of the show. there is a reason the brownie is "famous" and the white choc. banana cream pie was wonderful. Seriously, you will want to cuddle with these desserts when you are done.
5	If I could give it 4 1/2 stars I could.  I'm feeling generous today so I'll round up instead of down.  The only thing I didn't like about the experience were the onions in my salad...But I'll get to that:I enjoyed the Prime Rib French Dip.  The roll was soft and perfect for the sandwich.  The meat was very tender.  The horseradish sauce was spicy and creamy.The french fries were real thin...perfectly crispy on the outside, salted perfectly, and "mushy on the inside".I also enjoyed the Bacon Blue Cheese Salad.  The Maytag Blue Cheese was intense.  It was dressed perfectly.   It had tons of bacon, walnuts, and cheese.  It was a worthy salad.  The onions were unfortunate. They tasted bad.  I will go forth with good intentions and ASSUME that this was a one time event.  The service was spot on from greeting to delivering the check.  Knowledgable and attentive staff will always get a return visit from me!  5 stars for sure!
3	Nothing to complain about.  The "perfectly grilled salmon" was actually perfectly grilled.  Great service.  It's just not a 4-5 star restaurant.
2	I've been here a few times with friends and it's always been the same. The service is great, the atmosphere is fine, the food is adequate, and the dessert is definitely a step or two above average......but it's a bad copy of Houston's. And they tend to be very snippy about any sort of comparison with them.Although, again, if I could rate them differently for their dessert, they would have received possibly 4 stars. It might be a place where a few cocktails over dessert could be quite appealing. But I can't shake the fact that, while the two menus share many similarities, the menu at Houston's is more streamlined and just provides.. more.It's sadly a forgettable dining experience.
5	Had the best BEST time here tonight! My mama and best girlfriends treated to me a fun day for my birthday and I insisted on wrapping up the afternoon with happy hour on me. I've never been but we wanted to go somewhere nice and stopped in. The restaurant is beautiful- we sat in a high back comfy booth in the bar which is really nice. The bar has shelves of backlit colorful liquor bottles above it (ala the Ocean Club bar). We has 2 rounds, including the Vitamin C martini, White Chocolate Martini, Flirtini and Black Cherry cocktail- they were all really great! We also got the colossal shrimp appetizer (which technically weren't all that colossal, they were just normal), the sliders (the bacon and maytag bleu cheese was amazing!) and the AZ Eggrolls (a bit on the greasy side but very tasty and perfect for happy hour). The tab was only $65 (it was happy hour and the prices averaged about $6/ drink and app). The service was also extremely good. It's been a long time since I felt like raving about a restaurant- it was great!
4	Had a great dinner at the White Chocolate Grill on Friday.  The atmosphere was nice - high-backed booths and relaxing lighting.  Our server was attentive and took very good care of us - always a plus.  The filet with bleu cheese was fantastic, and the white chocolate brownie was the perfect ending to the meal.  That with a couple of glasses of wine left me a happy girl!
5	I've been having dreams about the Famous Grilled Chicken Salad.  It was so good, I wish I could go to the White Chocolate Grill every week and eat one.  I keep thinking of ways to make that convenient for me, but in reality it's crazy to schedule your life around a salad.  It does remind me a lot of Houston's, but that's okay, I like Houston's... and Houston's doesn't have that salad.  The service was great and I like the intimacy of the booths.  The lighting is really neat if you pay attention to the details. In the bar, narrow streams of light wash out strips of color and expose the texture of the brick wall.  I will be back and I will eat that God among salads.  Seriously, if you like a good salad, get the Famous Grilled Chicken.  I gave 5 stars because of the salad, I just couldn't help it.  I mean, salad's not that great and that is how good it was.  All my dining companions enjoyed their food too, by the way.
3	I came here a few weeks ago with my sister and soon to be husband and this place is very Arizona.  It looked like pretty much any other upscale chain restaurant in the area and it didn't really have any personality of its own. Don't get me wrong, I have nothing against chains or the decor of this place, but it was just uninspriring.I had the ribs and they were tender and the meat fell of the bone. I love when restaurants smoke/steam their ribs. We also had an ahi tuna appetizer which was on point. I was a little disappointed with their deserts though. I mean with a name like White Chocolate grill you would think they would represent on the desert category but alas they did not. The white chocolate brownie was way too sweet.
4	Came by here for dinner while we were in Scottsdale and had a wonderful time.The house specialty: Tomato Gin Soup Fire roasted tomatoes, cream, bacon, mushrooms and Tanqueray Gin was really good and the first time I had a soup where you had to be 21 to eat it - but it was really good.I like to start a meal where both the food & drink might give me a buzz!
5	Amazing food quality- had the Tuna sashimi appetizer- amazingly fresh and wonderful flavors.Dinner was tilapia- excellent choice and perfect portion size.Save room for the cheesecake- it was seriously amazing with the strawberry sauce.
4	So I know the name is cheesy. But this place serves up a mean burger. Too bad we didn't have more time to explore it for dinner, because it had a sweet looking bar filled to the ceilings with hard liquor. Dark ambiance filled with booths, a visible kitchen, and lots of lively conversation.Yes, this place is known for fabulous white chocolate desserts. But dammit, that cheeseburger left room for absolutely NONE of that. It's sad, but true... we left here without eating a bite of anything that had white chocolate in it. Fail.Caprese salad was surprisingly good, service was excellent, and did I mention the burger??? Try it, and please have some dessert for me. The WC bread pudding looked sinfully ass-packing-fat good.
4	This is a great place, let me say that first, right off the bat. My companions and I had to wait about 10-15 min for a table during a busy lunch hour. Was it worth the wait? You bet. My companions and myself had a burger, the French Dip and I believe some kind of BBQ. Let me say they all looked delicious. I can only comment from personal experience on the French Dip as my dinning partners liked theirs so much no offers of a taste were forthcoming. The French Dip was quite a mouthful. Crusty bread with layer after layer of tender roast beef stacked and packed. The aus jus could have had a little more bite to it but everyone has differing tastes when it comes to the Dip in the French Dip. It was quite tasty and came with matchstick fries. They reminded me of the kind you can get in a can in the grocery stores but fresh. The decor is quite attractive. Rather dark with pools of light around the tables and bar area, making for quite a contrast to the blinding light of lunch time Scottsdale. In addition to the attractive dinning area, there is a bar that although I spent no time in, looked fantastic. An oversight to be corrected next visit. Did I enjoy it? Yes. Will I go back? Of course.
3	I have been here a few times when visiting my mom. This past weekend the place was empty and were seated right away which was a nice treat. The interior is dinner appropriate with dark woods and colors plus dim lighting. I wouldn't dine here during the day though. It would put me to sleep after a big meal.Our waitress was very nice and gave good suggestions.We started with the Caprese Salad which was tasty. But something wasn't timed correctly in the kitchen and our entrees arrived 3 minutes later. We would up taking 1/2 of the appetizer home.I was in the mood for something different. In past trips I ate the crab cakes which are good. This time I got their Rotisserie Chicken Crepes. The crepes were filled with spinach and mushrooms & topped with Madeira sauce & parmesan cheese. The spinach was so finely chopped I didn't taste it. It was good. If you like mushrooms you'll like this. I have now had my fill for 6 months. We managed to find room for a dessert and chose the White Chocolate Brownie with Callebaut Chocolate and French Vanilla Ice cream. It was wonderful!
2	My GF and I fluttered over to the WCG the other night.    I was informed that WCG is "reallllly good but kinda pricey".  Pshaw, I laugh in the face of pricey... (except at Mastro's, then I cry like a little girl).  Walking in, I noticed the  oustide of the place was modern and lemmie tell ya, I like modern.  Well lets say modernish...yeah.  Before we took the plunge inside, I decided to read the gilded framed menu suspended next to the entry door;  while I was reading at least 2 different blue hairs going in had to stop and tell me how FABULOUS the food was .  Hook , line and sinker.  I mean, if you can't believe the old farts, who can you believe?This place is kinda dark inside. Not deliverance or deer hunter dark, but "I need a night light" sorta dark.  I agree with the other yelper, this place is a nap-danger for adults.  Soup should be served sparingly inside to prevent table drownings.  It was rather nice inside though, I liked it.. just dark.  The booth was nice and squishy too, just the way i like em'.I had the 6 oz filet, and my dahlin' had the crab cakes.  Both were quite tasty, but my mashed 'taters were kinda sub par considering the price tag. (why are masheds so ignored?? WHY??)  Granted we orderd off the date menu, a fixed price bastard that let us choose 1 app, 2 salads, 2 entrees, and 1 dessert to share.  I'd bore the crap outta you if I went into details about every course, but they were all good in a passable kinda way.  I'm writing this review aren't I?Irony upon irony, the desserts you could pick from on said "date" menu, even though ALL desserts are listed at the same price, did not include the white chocolate cheese cake.  Black flagged again.  I even tried to substitute and the staunchly refused.  I will get even with them I swear.Synopsis (sp?)not bad, but once again AZ has introduced me to another restaurant that I don't want to frequnent often if I don't have too.  I really wanted to love WCG, but I think I'll stick with TGIF's.
4	Another on the list of items that you simply must have before you die:the tomato gin soup at WCG.  I will agree that the place has its misses on the menu, but overall it is a very solid place with at least one completely exceptional soup.They have a filet cobb salad with a red wine vinaigrette which is really good and I always love the baked broccoli or the honey-gooped carrots (not their real name).  Finally, their sandwiches are really tasty.The story goes that some people split off from Houston's and went off to start WCG.  You'll see that right away.  But whereas Houston's is a five star delight, WCG merits only four.  But trust me when I tell you to get the tomato gin soup.  Today.
3	We went on Saturday night and this place was packed. Luckily I had made reservations beforehand. The bar area is pretty cool, but it and the dining area were so loud. We sat on the patio, which is covered and has fans and misters so we could actually hear each other talk. We tried the date night special. It included 1 appetizer, 2 salads, 2 entrees and a dessert to share for $58. The AZ rolls were a pretty tasty appetizer, even though I had to pick the corn out of it. I enjoyed my WCG Bacon Blue Cheese salad. It would have been a lot better had they used spinach instead of mixed greens. The Caesar came with some nice big shavings of parm. Yummy. We both decided on the Parmesan Fillet for our main. The parm was a little overwhelming. We both pushed most of it aside, but the meat was very tender. My mashed potatoes started off yummy, but got pretty hard toward the end of the meal. We split the White Chocolate Brownie for dessert and it was pretty good, but we were so full we didn't finish. Service was slow. We were here for almost 2 hours, but our waiter was very friendly. Everyone I know really likes this place so I think we may come back and give it another chance.
4	White Chocolate Grill's Famous Chicken Salad is my absolute favorite salad in the world. I can't say much about the rest of the food, because I always get the same salad, but I've tried things others have ordered, and they've always been fantastic. The tomato gin soup is crazy good, and if they happen to have the cold sweet corn salad as a side dish, don't think twice before ordering that! Desserts are also good, as you'd expect from a place that lists them first on the menu. Service is always terrific, and the atmosphere is very nice (think Houston's).
5	This review is purely for the Banana Cream Pie.....as I am from Australia I had never had Banana Cream Pie....so my husband ( who had a major craving for one)...phoned around some restaurants to find where they served them....The White Chocolate Grill delivered!...It was awesome and made on site. Our waiter was very friendly and didn't mind that we were taking up a table in a very full restaurant just to share a piece of pie. The atmosphere was very nice too and next time we will go before we eat dinner and order a little more! The menu looks very good.
3	Went there last night for dinner because hubby had a gift card. It was quite a drive from where we live in Gilbert - the restaurant is near the 101 and Scottsdale Rd. The decor is very nice, with dark woods and booth seating - like many other reviewers it kind of reminded me of Houston's but not quite as stuffy. Their dining room is quite large and they have a large bar area as well. We only had to wait about 20 minutes on a Saturday night, but we were there pretty early too. Service level was just right - we were always attended to but didn't feel like we were being rushed.Their menu had many great selections but hubby and I decided on their limited-menu "Date Night Special" for $29 per person. We split an artichoke dip appetizer, each got our own salads and entrees, and split dessert. Our salads were just OK - I had the blue cheese WCG salad which I thought would be more like the yummy wedge salads you can get at some places. It was more of a mixed green salad with vinaigrette dressing and sparingly-added bleu cheese and pecans. I was actually impressed at the many entree selections on their special menu. I decided on the bleu cheese filet and hubby got the crab cakes, each with mashed potatoes. We both thoroughly enjoyed our selections and ate every bite.For our shared dessert we chose the white chocolate brownie which is their signature. It's a delicious hot blondie brownie with a few chocolate chips, topped with rich vanilla bean ice cream, chocolate syrup and a few shavings of white chocolate. YUM - it was so good even my husband (who's not big on sweets) ate as much as me. We were fighting for the last bite!Overall food was very good and the value was excellent with this special. I do think we could have had a dinner just as nice closer to home so I doubt we will be back - it's not worth a special trip for us. Still, we were very happy and in fact stuffed when we left!It's a great place to celebrate a birthday or take your mom when she comes for a visit. You would be comfortable wearing jeans with a dressy shirt, or you would also fit in if wearing a dress or jacket. Great place if you just want to have dessert, too.
4	Great place for happy hour! (4-7pm). I've had both the triple sliders and the half-rack ribs (on different days btw). If you near 101 & N. Scottsdale near happy hour, this is the best place in the area to eat!
5	Their Filet Mignon Cobb is my all time favorite there, its already perfectly tossed in dressing and is a meal.. not bird food by any means. I have also tried their mushroom/chicken crepes and Im not a crepes fan and I was more than impressed. Great place for a date or just meeting a friend out for a bite. Its swanky yet you won't feel uncomfortable dressed down. Not pretentious and the waitstaff is fantastic. My only complaint is on their mashed potatoes..too much oil and they're whipped to death.. but hey i like mine with lumps..so it's a preference thing.
5	Let me just be blunt and cut right to the chase here, this place's bread pudding dessert is amazing. Like to die for. i live in New York and went here to visit Arizona State, but may i say one thing Arizona has are resturaunts! I also have to say that the Baked chicken dinner with the Candied Carrots is delish!! i absolutely love this place and will be returning on my next visit.
5	Did Friday Happy Hour in the bar, and boy do they have a good Happy Hour deal with half price appetizers and signature drinks.  They do HH in their patio too, but if you can, sit in bar because the atmosphere is pretty chic for N. Scottsdale.  SO and I got the sliders; a set of three little burgers that were so good.  Ate them with the fries that are on the HH menu, and White Chocolate Grille does some good fries; skinny, crisp on the outside, tender on the inside and well seasoned.  Downed all this with their cherry cola signature drink; made with vodka (I believe Absolut?), sprite and maraschino cherry juice..perfect with the burger/fries.  Since we ate so light for dinner, we finished up with the white chocolate raspberry cheesecake.  Need I say more?  Service at the bar was very attentive, friendly and highly competent.  The bill was the best surprise since all were on HH menu except cheesecake.
4	I have probably eaten here close to 30 times over the past few years.  Even after all of those meals I can't remember either myself, or the people I have eaten with, being disappointed.  And for those of you who haven't tried the restaurant yet, or for those of you who don't like to make many decisions for yourselves, here you go: start with the AZ egg rolls, order the Cajun chicken sandwich for your main course, and then chase all of that with a fresh baked apple pie for dessert.
4	Very yummy... The tomato gin soup is to die for (must have a lot of gin in it because the asked to see my ID before they would serve it to me lol...) The Blue Cheese Crusted Filet and the Barbecued Baby Back Ribs were both really good also. The prices are not to high for what you get. The  Apple Pie was soooo good and the White Chocolate Raspberry Cheesecake wasn't bad either
5	Stumbled upon this restaurant on line after searching for a place in Phoenix that was a bit nicer than the usual casual restaurants at Arizona Place in downtown PHX (think hot Mexican with cold beers, which we also like) - yet we still wanted to wear just nice jeans and a sweater. Great choice. Worth the 20 minute drive from PHX. We were a bit skeptical at first because it is a free standing restaurant in a mall parking lot, and in Boston, that usually means chain restaurants with mediocre food like Applebee's. Service was the best we had in Arizona. Four of us all loved our meals - Ribs, chicken, salmon, Guacamole (wow), trout & shrimp; steak were all cooked perfectly. The drinks were great as well, and the dessert is a must (any of them). Everybody has a different experience with the atmosphere, but we went on a Thursday night at 8pm and the place was only half full. Ambiance was nice: dimly lit, but not too romantic where you have to whisper. If you are with a group or a few people and are sitting around like we did - saying "I dunno, where do you wanna go?" Then head here. Menu on web site as well.
5	White Chocolate Grill came highly recommended by friends and it did not disappoint.  The service, the food and the atmosphere were excellent.  We dined there for lunch after making a reservation on opentable.com.  We both had premium salads that were fresh, filling and delicious.  We didn't leave room for dessert this visit, but we surely will next time.I look forward to returning to White Chocolate soon for a steak.  The menu posted on their website, www.whitechocolategrill.com, has a good steak selection and I am anxious to try one soon.  My lunch partner had the filet mignon salad and the filet was excellent.
1	I have dined at WCG before and attempted to make plans for my group of friends and I to celebrate a birthday there. Unfortunately, WCG does not accomodate parties greater than 4. You will have to wait until tables become available as they will not even take a reservation for anything greater than party of 4. No, this isn't advertised on their website. Seriously...and in this economy? Really?Keep this in mind as you all are preparing for your holiday celebrations and go somewhere where your business is appreciated.  I sent them a copy of the receipt from our party of 9's  dinner elsewhere to the corporate offices to let them know what they missed out on. I doubt they will care as Jillian, the hostess who answered the phone when I called about our reservation was completely unfettered  to lose our business. Absurd.
4	This place is consistent and one of the only chain restaurants I'm willing to visit.  Last I went my friend and I ordered the same thing, so they brought us out something different to try. On the whole the place is a little on the pricy side....but a nice way to grab something to eat before or after a movie.
4	My cousin and I are very, very bad influences on each other. Fortunately it's rare we're together otherwise I'd be about 20lbs heavier. This week, while both home for the holidays, we set out for one of our signature indulgent meals. White Chocolate Grill's name was like a beacon to us... how can you go wrong with a dinner place named for dessert? This has gotta be delicious and bad for us I figured. Turned out I was right on both counts. We ended up getting the "date night" menu... 4 courses for $30 each. Insane amounts of food. We had:First course - grilled artichokes. best artichokes I've ever had. they're grilled perfectly and sprinkled with Parmesan so full of flavor.Salad course - blue cheese bacon salad. ridiculous. i probably had more calories in this salad than in a normal entire dinner. But hey, when you're going big...Entree - we both got fillet mignon. mine had balsamic mushrooms and you chose a side to go along. the mushrooms were a bit aggressive on the vinegar, otherwise perfectly cooked.Dessert - white chocolate bread pudding with creme anglaise. bring on another obscene dose of fat (it's made with croissants) and tons of sugar. oh so good though.Quality of food overall was good, but it was really more about having your dessert and eating it too just in terms of everything being full on fat+flavor. If I lived in the area, I'd love to come here for happy hour drinks and apps, and save a full meal for a rare treat, after lots of working out.
5	Yummy!  We went here for New Years Eve and had some really good food.  Service was awsome.  We ordered the asparagus and cheese dip, good stuff.  We even got more chips delivered to our table without asking.  I got the Ahi tuna salad and the carrots.  I also got to try the salmon, green beans, french fries and grilled chicken by stealing off everyones plates.  All was good and everyone ate way too much.  We decided to share a brownie for desert...warm and sweet and I want another one now that I'm thinking about it.  The only sort of down side was how dark they keep the place but I do understand the concept, there is a light shining down on each table and this does keep your focus on the food and each other.  The staff is all dressed in black and sort of blend into the dark setting.  Kinda like ninja waiters, they show up and then disappear.  Very reasonable prices were a plus.  I want to go back an try other things on their menu, very good meal.
4	This place was a nice find in the Scottsdale area. The area is chain ridden, so you could pick any number of places. I saw the decent reviews on Yelp and gave this a try. We sat on the back patio, which was dark, but gave a nice romantic atmosphere. The food was very good, as well as dessert. Wait staff were friendly. Overall great experience!
5	I suggested to the man that we go out to WCG as I had been there once before.  Shane made a reservation for 9:00 pm which was convenient as we are late eaters from time to time.  We were greeted and seated very quickly.  The atmosphere is very dark and intimate, very nice for any couple or date.  Our waitress greeted us with a smile and was very knowledgeable of the menu.I have to say that this place serves one of the BEST Pork Tenderloins I have ever eaten.  The meat is so tender you could cut it with a fork and it came with a very complimentary apricot glaze and mashed potatoes.  Shane had a stake and a few mohitos and I had a pomegranate martini both were equally fantastic.In all we both had our entrees, an appetizer, desert, and 4 drinks for under $100.00.
5	I LOVE WHITE CHOCOLATE GRILL!!!! It's the perfect combination of consistently excellent food at a fair price, and is a great spot for dinner, lunch, happy hour or brunch.  First time I went to WCG, I actually got food poisoning.  That was 4 years ago and I'm happy to say they have improved.  THE BEST happy hour in town, in my opinion.  My husband and I go regularly, always seem to get a good table in the bar, and have a drink and a meal each for under $30 total.  There is a $7 happy hour menu including sliders and ribs, but I always get just the steamed broccoli ($3) and couscous ($3) with a glass of the Bogle pinor noir ($6 at happy hour).  Seriously, the couscous could possibly be the best thing on the planet.  Big, yummy cous cous grains with pistachios, raisins and just enough dressing to make it tasty but relatively light.  This is not fluffy cous cous, but a cous cous salad. The ahi is wonderful, the steaks are delish, and the chicken sandwich is yummy too.  They do a nice brunch too, and did a fantastic job for my post-wedding brunch for 30.  The patio is NOT air conditioned however, so keep that in mind if you're planning on dining there in the summer (or on a particularly HOT morning in early May).  The servers are all young but relatively professional..friendly without being "I want to be your FRIEND-ly".  WCG chef was recently a finaslist on the Regis Philbin show for Top local chef, and that makes me happy. : )
4	Decided to try this place the day before Valentines Day, which meant a little longer wait than usual since all the lovebirds were out and about.  Well, we finally got seated after about an hour wait and decided to try a four course selection that was about $30 bucks per person.  One of the courses was a salad, which neither of us are very big fans of at all.  We asked our waiter if we could substitute chips and salsa ($5 bucks value) for a salad that we wouldn't even eat ($10 buck value).  The waiter just shook his head and gave some lame excuse about the computer not being able to do a switch and that we would have to get a salad, even if we weren't going to eat it.  We were disappointed that they could not even compromise at all and told the waiter to not even bring out our salads since we weren't going to eat them.  Well, besides that small let down, the rest of the meal was very good. For our appetizer we got AZ egg rolls, which were really melt in your mouth good, served with some delicious dipping sauce.  For the main dish, we got the pork tenderloin and center cut steak with Parmesan cheese melted on top, which came with fries that were very tasty.  Our dessert was a really rich white chocolate brownie served with ice cream and chocolate sauce and real flakes of white chocolate on top.  It was so rich that between the two of us, we probably had 5 bites.  So all in all, I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a nice place to go on a Saturday night, the prices are reasonable, the service is good (even if they aren't as flexible as they should be at times with the menu), and the food is very tasty. 3.75/5.
5	Did I mention in my profile that I LOVE white chocolate? :o) It's not a brainiac that for our anniversary I chose to test-drive the White Chocolate Grill. Thank God that I reserved a table in advance with an easy on-line service on their website, because apparently this place is very popular and was pretty crowded already at 6 pm on a Sunday night. In my reservation I specified that we were celebrating our anniversary and all of my requests about a quiet romantic table were satisfied :o) It was actually very nice to receive greetings from the staff too!We chose to go with the "Date menu", which allows you to taste an appetizer, 2 salads, 2 main courses, and a dessert all for a little under $30 per person. You would think the portions would be smaller... Well, that's what we thought and were wrong! For main course we had rib-eye steak and blackened mahi - YUM! The portions were real size and we thought we might need to take some of this fabulous food home, but then decided to finish this deliciousness there. I could not leave without the famous white chocolate brownie dessert! Big chunks of white and milk chocolate in the cake and they even accommodated my request for extra white chocolate on top :o) YUM-YUM! Great food and service! WTG definitely satisfied my hunger for white chocolate for a while now! When white chocolate fever comes back - I know where to find it now :o)
3	We went there two times so far, If you get there right before 6 you just miss the swarm of crowds waiting to get in. The Happy Hour is only in the bar area, where they serve 20 OZ Hefeweizen's and Kilt lifter's as well as some other beers for $4.00 from 2-7pm M-F (I believe, they have a weekend happy hour too if I remember correctly). I did love the rotisserie chicken with the asparagus for the side, My boyfriend ordered the SW chicken salad and The chicken Madeira which he liked both dishes. The first time I got a chicken crepe dish and although it was very good, it was not what I expected. It seemed more like a lasagna style chicken Stroganoff. I think I was expecting something in a crispier crepe style but it was good. I also have to add the Manager went out of his way to find us a table at the bar to be able to enjoy the happy hour specials, despite it being very busy. I was impressed by that!
4	This place is so wonderful.Just went back for the 4th time. They have a $30/person 4 course meal special that is SUCH an amazing value.The AZ Eggrolls are SO good.The Bleu Cheese and Parmesan ecnrusted fillets are exceptional both flavor and quality-wise.I highly recommend the Gin Soup.
5	The White Chocolate Grill is a great place to meet friends for a dinner and a drink.   I love the decor of the restaurant.  The menu is unique and the food is unbelievable.  ( It can get a little loud when it's busy. )
4	Very nice place.  Prices are not outrageous considering they type of place it is.  The only thing they are sorely lacking on is really good salads.  They all seem to have have the same "field greens and cherry tomatoe" theme to them with slight variations added items.  The cesar is "real" with all the correct and authentic ingredients. The other entres where very nicely presented and flavor nice.  Nice place to relax over a few drinks.
2	I took a friend of mine out for her birthday last Friday (May 9th) and The White Chocolate Grill was her choice.  Neither of us had been there before but the menu looked very intriguing.  The facility is stylish and intimate - better suited for couples than just friends - and we were seated quickly and courteously.  I ordered the Citrus-Soy Glazed Salmon.  It was over cooked and floating in far too much, and quite non-distinctive, juice.  I didn't finish it.  When the wait person asked if I wanted it boxed I honestly told her that "it wouldn't be worth it."My friend had the Blackened Mahi.  The menu indicates that it was 'grilled, topped with crab meat and a tomato Creole sauce".  When it arrived we both wondered where the crab meat was.  We envisioned something that would be at least visible.  She said that it was 'ok'.  I was probably more disappointed that she was because this was part of her birthday 'gift'.  For desert we split the White Chocolate Raspberry Cheesecake.  Although it was good I personally couldn't help thinking that is was just a 'dressed-up' Costco cheesecake.  The wait person was pleasant but disinterested and didn't even put a candle in the desert even though she knew it was my friend's BD.  I raise this as an issue only because sometimes the wait person can make turn an unpleasant experience around by doing something 'special'.  But it apparently never occurred to her that she was an integral part of the 'dining experience.'  Overall, our experience at TWCG was mediocre and in this price tier Houston's has them beat 10 to 1!  Maybe it is a good place for happy hour and a desert or maybe it's a 'date value' thing but I won't bother with it again.
4	3 of us went to dinner here while on a trip.  I ordered the WCG bacon blue cheese salad as a starter.  It never was delivered, so cannot say how good it is :(Also ordered the Rotisserie Chicken on recommendation from the wonderful waitress.  It was as good as she said.  they do it in-house in their rotisserie oven.  very flavorful and juicy.  about a quarter of a chicken.  choice of one side:  french fries, Israeli Couscous,Freshly Mashed Potatoes, Steamed Broccoli or Honey Roasted Carrots.  I had the steamed brocolli- and it was as good as broccoli gets.Others with me had the rotisserie chicken and rib combo.  the ribs literally just fell off of the bone.  one had the broccoli and the other the fries.  The fries were  very good!they also brought us out a sample plate (for free!!!! :) )  of the pork tenderloin and veggie of the night - snap peas.  Both were excellent, and I would order it off of the menu.wine list was very nice and not just the usual selections.  Lemonade was homemade but very tart.we were originally led to a table  in the bar area, but it was very noisy so we were shown to a table in the back.  much quieter, but the AC vent was right above the tables and made it feel like a meat locker.  we all commented how quick are food got cold from the vent blowing on the food.we made a reseravation for 7:30 on a Tuesday, but it really was not needed.  Very nice atmosphere in the place, except for the noisy bar area.  very reasonable prices for the quality of food.
4	Even if you don't like to eat white chocolate, you must get the bread pudding. Even if you are beyond full, you must get the bread pudding. It is that good. Ask for it a la mode, it's so worth it.The four of us went to dinner at WCG on a saturday night at around 9 pm. We had a 10 minute wait, and afterwards we sat at a comfortable booth. The atmosphere is very nice and is good for a relaxing meal. To start, I shared the AZ egg rolls with my girlfriend. These come with 6 pieces (3 egg rolls cut in half), and coupled with a jalapeno ranch type dip and a side of salsa, all over shredded lettuce. For dinner I ordered the Prime Rib french dip sandwich. The sandwich is delicious. It comes topped with horseradish sauce, a side of au jus, and a side order. I recommend the mashed potatoes, I ordered the fresh cut french fries, though these need work. They do not taste like fresh cut fries, but like greasy lower tier french fries.For desert we shared the bread pudding and the white chocolate brownie. The brownie was meh, maybe a 5/10, but the bread pudding was great. Mix it with vanilla ice cream (which it doesn't come with, we took the ice cream off the brownie), and it's perfect.I give White Chocolate Grill a solid 4 stars.Egg rolls were around $9.00, Prime Rib french dip was $14.99, and the bread pudding was like $9.00. Not bad for a 3 course Saturday night.
4	I've now been to the WCG twice.  The first time I went, I only had a salad.  Only salad has new meaning here as they have some fantastic salads.  In fact, several people at the table said they had never had a salad so wonderful.  I also heard that the seared Ahi was to die for.  Salads were just filler as prelude to desert however.  Everyone at the table ordered something different and they were all passed around.  I can highly recommend the cheesecake and the banana pudding.  Both were outstanding.On my second visit I tried the Parmesan crusted filet.  It was to die for and I ate way more of it than intended.  I also enjoyed the mashed potatoes and shared someone else's honey roasted carrots.  Tablemates had ribs and the steak sandwich and both had rave reviews.Overall the service was wonderful, the atmosphere is relaxing and reasonably quiet even when the place is busy.  The food is excellent (I have not heard a bad thing about any dish) and the dessert is worth the trip.  They even list it first on the menu; a sure sign of something great!
4	Great food. Great bartenders and great Happy Hour.
5	First time here for lunch. Had filet salad which was wonderful. Can't wait to go back and try something else. Service was great. Attentive, friendly, refills without asking. Very pleasant atmosphere and service.
4	Today was my fourth visit to WCG (twice for lunch, twice for dinner).  I've never been disappointed in anything I've ordered there.  My favorite lunch was the tuna burger that they offered as a lunch special--a patty of tuna grilled like a hamburger, only it was still nice and pink on the inside.  It was served with a wasabi sauce that made it scruptious.Tonight for dinner I had the 6.5 oz filet mignon, and it was absolutely perfect--medium rare, melt-in-your-mouth tender and perfectly seasoned.  My hubby had the ribs and raved about them (he also brought half of them home since it's a large rack.)I have two favorite dishes that I MUST have at WCG each time I visit.  The first is the Israeli couscous.  It's a delicious side dish of pearly Israeli couscous mixed with golden raisins, pistachios, chopped herbs, in a creamy flavorful (curry?) sauce.  It's amazing!The second dish is their white chocolate bread pudding.  It's a large portion, enough to feed several people, and it's so rich and decadent.  It comes with real whipped cream, and has a scrumptious white sauce.  Superb!Service at WCG is generally attentive and prompt.  The decor is upscale with lots of dark mahogany wood, mood lighting, booths and tables.  The bar area is very cool with a lighted display of various liquor bottles.  The entrance to the restaurant features a seating area with a fireplace that comes in handy on the few cool evenings that we have here in AZ.I definitely recommend WCG!
5	Amazing Prime Rob French Dip! Not to mention the burgers, fish, and steamed carrots. White Chocolate has the taste, the quality of atmosphere and reasonable prices. This is one of my favorite restaurants in the area!
4	This place opened on Mayo a few years ago.  I never went because I don't like white chocolate...so it didn't seem appealing.  I should have been more open-minded.  The menu has a great variety but I always end up ordering the Ahi Tuna Salad.  It is amazing.  However, it is rather small and pricey and each time I wonder if the salad is getting smaller and smaller.  Important to note, they do have a dark chocolate lava cake on the menu for dessert.
4	Yum!  This is another place up in N. Scottsdale worth trying.  Their burgers are tasty and cooked perfectly!  Fries aren't much to rave about, but if you need fries go where they serve sweet potato fries.  I can appreciate places where they don't try to do the fusion thing and stick to what works (though I love fusions!)  I've had dessert here before and it's a dessert lovers dessert for sure -- so sweet mmm!  They have happy hour which I haven't ever attended, but it's definitely a tryout!  Ambience is low key/loud steak house feel.  Yeah right - loud and low; how's that work -- trust me it works :)
5	came here after playing tpc scottsdale. My dad got a chicken sandwich and loved it. We had the az. egg rolls, ive had  these before somewhere but dont remember where. I ordered the wcg cheeseburger and it was great. I tried finishing it but ate to many egg rolls and way to many glasses of fresh squezzed lemonade that was great also. I kept trying to finish the burger because it was so good but just couldnt and i still had to leave room for the white chocolate bannana cream pie. that was great to but i only wish it had more white chocolate.
5	Best ribs I ever had!  Service was also great.
2	This would have been a one star review except the incredible management which comped our meal. Let me preface by saying we came here from a very poor experience in Tucson. Literally drove back home and decided to hop by for a meal end dessert, hoping to override a poor experience we'd just had.Well, unfortunately, it was "not my day" for dining, and our experience here was pretty aweful. As I said, we stopped in for dessert. We were seated in surprisingly short time, considering the line and proposed "20-minute" wait. However, despite our short wait, we were in there for 45 minutes. Yes, 45 minutes, for dessert. That is how much I ususally spend if I am chatty with friends for an entire meal.A friendly waitress greeted us and took our drink orders (Some Cherry Coke to compliment) We then waited quite some time for our "official" waitress to come, and when she got there, she did not smile, say thank you for coming, or anything. We gave her our order and asked for a side of grenadine to make the cherry coke stronger. She obliged the grenadine and ran off with our order. We were not attended to until the dessert came out. I would have waited an hour for good, fresh, and warm dessert, but alas after about 10 minutes they came out. The White brownie dessert was cold, the other lukewarm. When she brought us a second cherry coke (which had no extra grenadine, despite the fact I had to order some earlier) My twin got her attention and said "It's cold".  She did not say "I'm so sorry" she just said "Ok" and snatched, literally, the dessert from the table. She asked me if mine was too, I said it could use a little warmth, she took them both back. NO APOLOGY, no NOTHING. We waited another 10 or 15 minutes, and got warm dessert. DURING THIS ENTIRE TIME she talked and checked on the table across from us NONSTOP. We had to sit around with no soda, and had had the cold dessert for some time. We were relieved when they came back out perfectly warm, although there was more dark chocolate sauce on the white brownie this time. They were delightful! Finally, she checked on us, brought our bill again and I asked for a to-go for my bread pudding. I watched this woman bring out 5 other tables dishes, two to go boxes, and chat with the table opposite us 3 times. We were waiting for her also to take the card. FINALLY she came over, by this time I muttered "about time" under my breath, thats how long it was! Another someodd minutes and we finally had the bill back. We were angry, we loved the food, but this woman had not SERVED us, so I wrote a big ZERO where the tip was. It would be different if she'd smiled at least ONCE or apologized for being so busy or had a good attitude, but this woman had a big frown the whole time. So we asked for a manager to tell them about this. She comped our meal, even though we were perfectly happy paying for the food and not the service. The food was delightful. I was very grateful for the dessert meal comp, but I will never go back again. This was pretty aweful in service. It should never take 45 minutes to get and eat a dessert. Period. It wouldnt be worth going back.
5	We shared the Sesame Crusted Ahi Tuna starter which was quite good, and after that I had a quite amazing Caesar Side Salad.For the entree I went for the Barbecued Baby Back Ribs which are described as Tender-smoked, fall-off-the-bone pork ribs grilled and finished with signature BBQ sauce -- and yes, they were just that. I cannot say they are the best I have ever had, but if they are not, they are certainly a close enough runner not to be able to tell.For dessert we had to sample what the place seems to be named for: the White Chocolate Brownie and it was indeed amazing.Beyond the food, however, was the service -- it really was one of the best places we have been to. Our waiter was extremely knowledgeable about the menu and the support staff that catered to the table were quick and efficient but no where close to annoying. I will probably pass on the ribs next time not because they were bad but rather because there are other things I am longing to try in one of the best places we have been to during our visit to Scottsdale.
4	Great Father's Day meal.  WCG has  a special for $28.99 a person that includes two entrees and an appetizer and dessert to share.  I was stuffed after the appetizer (Arizona Egg Rolls v. good) and a few bites of salad.  I think the blue cheese salad was my favorite thing of the meal.  Our servings were very large.  The entrees delicious, I really enjoyed the corn salad.  I thought the desert was good not great, but I would definitely go back.  Service was good.
4	So our waitress at Durants told us that this is another good spot to try. She was a pretty awesome waitress so the lady and I decided we would try it out. It was indeed another good spot. The waiter guy was a bit of a douche as he kept staring at my girlfriends breasts most of the time. However even though she said she was dressed the way she was because it "was so hot out" I believe she likes the attention. ;) That being said the food was really good. We started withe the Ahi and I also had the Mahi Mahi. Now I don't think I've had this much seafood in the middle of the desert( except Vegas) which made me wary. I was worried for nothing. Both dishes came out superb. Perfectly cooked the Mahi was nice and flaky and the Ahi was very fresh. The girl had something they called the famous chicken salad and she said it was awesome. I have to believe her as she rarely finishes a dish and she sucked this up like it was the last bag of potato chips at a Cypress Hill concert. If I come back to AZ ( Better be in freaking December too damn hot out here) i will return.
4	I enjoyed the prime rib, and I thought it was reasonably priced. We sat in the bar which was noisy, but we still got good service from the waitress. The trout and cous cous was also very good. We split the banana cream pie for desert and it was so fresh with real banana's. Would definitely go back.
4	The service here is wonderful. Let me start by saying that, our waitress (I'm mad I didn't remember her name) waited on us on the patio. She was so nice and our friend can be a little overwhelming and has a strange sense of humor. She made sure everything we wanted we got. Even modified the desert special so we could have a hybrid of the white chocolate chip ice cream and a brownie dessert. My filet was wonderful and at a great price of 24 bucks... Me living in san francisco where filet's cost 40 bucks a piece this was up to par. The corn salad is also worth mentioning, wonderful flavors. Anyway, I could have been happy with many items on their menu... Also, get the dragonberry lemonade it is on their specialty drinklist and is great on a hot day!!!
5	I have to lawyer up a little early in my review this time...http://tinyurl.com/4julqgDo you miss the simple, twisted genius of Warren Zevon, too?At any rate, to fully disclose,  I know the owner of WCG personally and businessally...You'll just have to trust me when I tell you that this didn't shade my review...in fact quite the opposite...I have been sitting on this for a while...trying to figure out how write this without sounding like a shill!Then I thought, "Well, Donald, everyone is still entitled to my own opinion" so here we go!WCG is one of my favorite places in the Greater Phoenix Area for a number of reasons:* The menu is so varied, creative and well executed...everything from the Mesquite Grilled Artichokes to the Roasted Chicken to the Filet Mignon Cobb Salad and my favorite, the Maytag Burger (more about that in a minute) is well prepared and delicious* The service has always been first rate (and I have to say that I expected that when the server is aware that I am friends with Bobby, but there are ton of people there that don't know me from Tyler Florence and we still get great service!)* Extraordinary care in the preparation of the food, from the grinding of the beef for my burger to the grilling of the artichokes and the construction of the puff pastry crust Apple Pie for desert...they pay incredible attention to detail* The atmosphere and ambience remind me (and not by accident) of one of my Northern California favorites, the Rutherford Grill...all cherry tones, leather and soft lighting...it always puts me in a great mood and compels me to eat more than I shouldToday was no different...The Beautiful Carin and I stopped in for a lunch meeting to discuss our business, our branding, goal setting for the company (is world domination within 48 months too lofty a goal?) and what not (I set foot in this Northern California inspired place and I start to sound like Ah-nold again and so forth).For my lunch, I had one of the best burgers in town...the Maytag Burger...they grind the meat on the premises, daily, fresh...no kidding!For the "Maytag" portion of this earthly delight, they bake and crumble the bacon into the Maytag Bleu Cheese (notice my fancy French spelling there...merci') and form it into a disk of cheese and bacon that they drop onto the burger a few seconds before it's done and voila'...the best bacon/bleu cheese burger around...bacon and cheese in every bite...genius!Carin has her favorites, too...the Filet Mignon Cobb Salad is one, as is the Spit Roasted Chicken and some of the best Crab Cakes you'll find west of Baltimore.I smile every time I walk into WCG...I smile even more (and I usually burp a little, too) when I walk out after another great meal!But don't take my word for it (another disclaimer to end my review on the right note)...go see for yourself...and try the Apple Pie...you'll be happy you did (and quite possibly burping in delight, as well).
3	The service was awesome and the atmosphere was fun.  It was a little dark inside for how light and bright it was outside... but I guess that's the atmosphere they are going for.  It's a loud and trendy restaurant... lots of wait staff so if your waiter is unavailable someone is ready to help you.  Our waiter, Ivan (I think?) was a good guy.... he was on top of refills and giving us excellent menu suggestions.The food was aight.  I got the salmon and it would have been fine if the bottom of it wasn't burnt to a crisp.  Luckily I could scrape that part off.... but I was definitely disappointed.  I may try again in the future hoping for a meal that isn't on the burnt side.
5	I brought my wife here because of the reviews of other Yelpers. We had the dinner for 2 for $29 bucks each. Outstanding dinner. The servers were very attentive. No empty glasses here.  Our server, Colin, knew how things were made and offered some great recomendations. Next time we're in Scottsdale we'll be sure to come back. I've paid a lot more for a lot less. Thanks for the nice evening.
5	I cannot gush enough about this place. I have told so many people about it already, that I had to write a review. The food was DELICIOUS!! When you don't have to use the salt and pepper shakers at a meal, you know it's good! We started off with the AZ spring rolls, they were perfectly crunchy on the outside and served with yummy side sauce choices ( I told the waiter I could of ate 20 more)!  For the entree I had the Crab Cakes and Garlic Filet Mignon, served with  mashed potatoes and their  "good gravy". The tarter sauce on the Crab Cakes was home made and was perfect, I could of licked that sauce bowl. The "good gravy" was really f'ing good! It wasn't a traditional brown gravy but more of a clear color. I am a mashed potatoe whore so I know good potatoes and these were killer! I didn't need to use any kind of sauce for my crab cakes or filet, they were good just the way they came, filled with flavor. I also ordered a Long Island that was one of the best I've ever had, later the waiter told me the sweet and sour was home made too!Being so impressed with everything, we decided to do two desserts. We had the white chocolate brownie and the bread pudding. Both rich and tasty. The waiter warned me that  I might not be able to finish both desserts ( boy, he didn't know who he was talking to!) I finished all my plates and dessert!I was so incredibly happy with this place. I have seriously not been this impressed with everything (from service to food to drinks) in who knows how long. I guess I'm spoiled with the chef I work with,  I have high expectations on food! Go try this place, it's SO worth it. And if you get Anthony he rocks! He knew the menu like the back of his hand, which was so helpful for my friend who has allergies.  I plan to go there and just move down the menu, it's my new favorite spot in Scottsdale!
3	WCG just isn't as good lately, and the difference really requires an update here.  In the past couple of months I've been a few times, and every time our server seems inexperienced, is neglectful and has gotten the order wrong for 1 or 2 of our party.  Most recently at lunch, I swear our server was a robot.  Whenever she came to the table she started rattling off what she was supposed to say at that point in our meal like she was reading it off a wall and we weren't even there.  Talking a hundred miles a minute and no eye contact.  And clearly she wasn't listening to us, because two of our orders showed up wrong.  Furthermore, what was the aversion to drink refills?  We must've sat with empty glasses for 20 minutes or more on two occurrences during the meal.  This experience is typical of what I've experienced lately, so I'm taking a breather from the WCG frequent diner's club for a while to see how things work out.
5	From the moment I walked into this place, I knew I was going to enjoy it.  I cannot explain why I liked the atmosphere, but it had a fun classy feel to it. A little dark, but still has a cool vibe. My girlfriend and I arrived a few minutes before the other couple we were dining with showed up.  We were still seated right away, and we spent the whole time looking over the menu.  I could have ordered anything on it!  Everything sounded spectacular. The group decided to start with grilled artichokes as an appetizer.  After a very short wait two good sized artichokes, with some parmesan on them, and a really good dipping sauce arrived.  Then our meals arrived at what felt like the perfect amount of time later.  We had citrus soy glazed salmon, which was probably the best salmon I've had at a place that doesn't just specialize in sea food. The fish was cooked perfectly and the sauce was sweet, but not overpowering.  We also tried what looked one of the most unique dishes on the menu.  Rotisserie chicken crepes.  It was covered in a mushroom and Madeira sauce.  Very different, and very good.  Most of their entrees come with some really good sides.  We had the honey roasted carrots (Delicious.  I was told these were good and they did not disappoint), and Israeli couscous (also delicious). The big kicker was the dessert.  The place is called The While Chocolate Grill, so the dessert has to be good!  The table all split the french white chocolate bread pudding.  I cannot explain how great this was. Bread pudding made from croissants, topped with white chocolate, caramel, and cream. It was irresistible! The prices were good, and the meal was worth every penny.  There's so much more on this menu that I want to try, so I will definitely be back.
4	This was my 3rd time here and I'm really starting to like this place.  I really like the decor which is pretty dimly lit, modern, etc.   It has a really nice vibe and looks almost exactly like Houstons.The service was excellent, the food came out quickly and everything was very tasty.  Here are the highlights I would go back for in an instant:* Grilled Artichokes - they were excellent and so was the aioli they serve it with* WGC Bacon Blue Cheese Salad - excellent and even the "side" salad portion was sizable* Honey Roasted Carrots - I never thought I would actually like to eat carrots but these were phenomenal and an excellent side* Corn Salad - this was also an excellent side.  Fresh cut corn off the cob with some other stuff in a light dressing.  Very very good.I ordered some steak thing that was a special.  It wasn't memorable so next time I'm going to stick to what is on the regular menu.  My wife ordered the trout and it was excellent.I have to say thought my favorite was their bread pudding.  Wow.  Just Wow.  I want that for dinner next time.
4	We have been here once before over 5 years ago, so I thought it would be nice to come here for my birthday dinner. We had reservations for this past Saturday at 8pm. When we arrived we were promptly seated at a two-person booth, kinda small but just right for the two of us.For an app we ordered the grilled artichokes. They were good but not great, would have preferred less leaves & more hearts. I also ordered a cocktail, the Flirtini, it was so tasty! For our entrees my hubs ordered the stacked chicken enchiladas with a side of rice & I ordered the ruby red trout with a side of mashed potatoes. My hubby liked his enchiladas but said he's had better. I loved my trout & so did my hubby because he helped me finish my plate. The herb goddess sauce that came with it was delish as well. The mashed potatoes were ok, definitely not "freshly mashed"-more like from a box! But the "good gravy" that came with it was indeed good. For dessert I ordered the bread pudding with ice cream. This thing was HUGE & oh so yummy! I took it home & bought some more ice cream & devoured it. Our total came to about $85 (including tip), not bad at all! We would definitely come back.
4	Great selection of contemporary american cuisine. They do great things with their veggies, have several good salads, an amazing French Dip and Turkey French Dip, and do wonders with both their fish entrees. Desserts are quality and the ambiance is great. Only complaint is that they have no seating options for large groups.
5	This place is pretty good. I have been here a few times and enjoy this place a lot. The price isn't too bad, and the food is very delicious. I usually get the jambalaya, it is so tasty! They also have very good salads, and the burgers are also very good. The service is great and the atmosphere is quiet a bit dark so no one should be sitting at the table with sunglasses because that would just be creepy. Check this place out, if you enjoy a nice quiet place to enjoy a nice fine meal.
5	We had a birthday lunch here for a friend in mid-September (2010).  I adore this place, and went back when my daughter came to town from out of state 2 weeks later.  I just had to have another Portobello Sandwich with Israeli CousCous!  Fabulous item!My daughter loved her meal too, but I forget what she had.  We split our dinners, and she loved the Portobello too.  Very tasty, and reasonably priced. They had dimmed the lights and it felt like an entirely different restaurant than when I was there for lunch.  Very classy, with great art work.  Lunch was busy the first time I was here, so the service was much slower but that was OK.  Took a long time to get our coffee, must have been some problem with the brewer.  Other than that, I was really impressed and it has quickly turned into one of my favorite restaurants in the area.
5	I adore this place, I'm a BIG fan! I have been here 3 times and I have only known about it 3 months! This place is classy and clean! The first time I was there me and my Fiancee sat at the bar ( Which was a gorgeous well stocked bar) we had lunch we both got chicken sandwiches OMG Delicious!  They have the BEST desert! We are big Fans of bread pudding so we got the white chocolate bread pudding! OMG wow! Very good! We were very impressed. The cost for that was like $30.00 it was quite cheap! We received WONDERFUL service. The next time we went was on a Friday evening and we were celebrating my new employment. They had a date night menu which we decided to order off of. The date night menu Included appetizers, two salad, two entrees  and a desert. it also included a drink, or for a little more a bottle of wine. We got the spinach artichoke dip, which was good, we got there WCG salad OMG so good! I had got the prime rib and my fiancee the rotisserie chicken and ribs... All of it was delicious! Then finally desert we did the white chocolate bread pudding becuase it was so good last time! The price was good we spent $58.00 plus tip so it was fairly inexpensive considering all we got. Again Great service and  GOOD food! The last time i went i went with my sister. She loved it, we got the WCG salad and shared a chicken sandwich all oh so good! This time I switched up the desert. We got the white chocolate brownie! oh my it was tasty! I will definitely return! Every time I go good food, great service and its a cool and clean place!
3	Spent a few hours here this past Friday with some coworkers. I loved the ambiance...fireplace outside, soft amber glow in the interior. My blackened whitefish sans bun was delish, the honey carrots tasted and felt more like yams?! The waiter helped me pair a fresh white wine that I seriously enjoyed...wish I could have had a few more glasses. The blondie brownie is huge...delicious and more like enough for 4. I still am not sure I get the correlation of the name to the restaurant menu...maybe if they had chocolate fish or other odd creations like that... Overall a pleasant experience, very pleasant.
4	This place is on our usual restaurant rotation.  Nice rich woods and modern decor, dimly lit with spot lighting on tables and such....great patio seating with outdoor fireplace. The patio does face busy Scottsdale Rd, but they did a good job of blocking it in.  There's nothing better than sitting outside in Scottsdale when it's nice out.   If you have never been here before, you may mistake this place for a Houston's knockoff (overall feel of restaurant, lighting, menu....) I swore up and down they were sister restaurants, but indeed, they are not.  I still prefer Houston's quality of food/serfvice better, BUT, when it comes to menu selection, price points, ability to make reservations, and THE DESSERTS...WCG wins.  I guess I will start with dessert.OH my...the White Chocolate Banana Cream Pie....This is soooooo YUMMMM! It can feed at the least 2 people.  It isn'y your 'typical' pie crust...Graham cracker crust filled with fresh bananas and pudding/filling, fesh whipped cream and copious amounts of shaved white chocolate curls....I love it because it isn't overly sweet and heavy.  Which I'm sure is misleading because the graham cracker crust probably has a nice amount of butter in it....MMMMMMMmmmm!Their dinner for two (should be dinner for 3-4) special is a really great deal under $30 pp will get you 1 app, 2 salads, 2 entrees, 1 dessert. *note...banana cream pie not available for dessert....BOO The prime rib is delicious! Juicy, tender, nice flavorful crust. good jus.  They serve it with the horseradish, but I've had better, stonger hoseradish elsewhere...but still great! Definitely a good value and worth ordering.Ribs are delish as well.  Good flavor...Is it super fall off the bone like Houston's ribs? Not quite, but still very good! These are definitely shareable. Burgers are good too...Don't bother ordering the chicken tortilla soup.  It's edible, but it is seriously heavy and not what comes to mind when I want a tortilla soup.  It should be called a chicken enchilada soup. That is EXACTLY what it tastes like, an enchilada. Not bad tasting....just not a tortilla soup. Crab cakes....MEH....Blah. Good flavor, but cookie cutter, (canned?)  crabcakes. Kind of expected from the price point....lots of filler.  Of course, I am spoiled by Ruth's Chris CRAB cakes, so this may be a bit harsh.  I don't want my crab to look like  canned tuna mince! The artichoke dip is good too...especially to  munch on at the bar. Nicley backdropped by backlit alcohol bottles arranged by rows and flat screen tvs. Comes with a ton of chips and the salsa it comes with is soo tasty and fresh.  Could totally come from a mexican restaurant. Make reservations if you don't want to wait...at least a 40 minute wait w/o them...EVEN ON WEEKDAYS! At least there is a nice outdoor seating area complete with yet another fireplace and someone to come by every so often to offer drinks. No waiting at the bar/bar tables, but they fill up quick b/c they do offer a selective happy hour menu. Over the course of our many visits, we have only had one not so great experience there while having lunch at the bar tables.  I think the gal was new, but we have come back since, and everything was great!Nobpody's perfect!We will keep this place on our rotation for sure.
4	Being new to Phoenix, my first lunch outing was to The White Chocolate Grill! I didn't know what to expect with the name of the venue but I'm really glad I gave it a try.For an appetizer, we had the Ahi Tuna, which was fabulous but took long to come out of the kitchen. We wondered why, then a manager came to our table apologized and informed us that the ticket was overlooked and the cost of the appetizer would be taken off our bill. My boyfriend and I both agreed that even though it took longer then expected it was not a big deal and the app was definitely worth the wait. That kind of recognition is always a plus and makes a customer want to frequent a place more do to the venues thoughtfulness and great customer service.For the main course of our lunch, my boyfriend ordered the baby back ribs with mash potatoes and broccoli as his sides and I ordered the Chopped Salad. Both dishes were delicious! Can't wait to go back and explore other items on the menu!
4	It was a quick decision on WCG for our business lunch since it's right across from the office, didn't really know what to expect, but the first experience was truly great! There were 8 of us and of course I did not remember everyone's dish, but definitely remembered a few of them. Especially my Ahi Tuna Salad, it was delicious!! The salad had a really nice presentation, a good amount of dressing, and the fish was just melted into my mouth! The Filet Mignon Cobb salad looked really good too, and apparently was very tasty after seeing the empty plate. Another coworker had the Center Cut Filet, and according to her, you can really taste the flavor of having it on a wood grill, she liked it a lot and definitely enjoyed the side of roasted mushrooms as well. We also shared a few desserts since the dessert section was on top of the first page of the menu..it means something, right? They were all good, but the one I was highly expected - the White Chocolate Bread Pudding - was just a okay, I guess I was expecting more of a real pudding, but not soggy bread in a chocolate and caramel syrup....if you're a texture person, I'll go for an alternative..
3	I had been wanting to try this place for a really long time and finally we decided to give it a try before seeing a move at Harkins.  I was impressed with the decor and the fast pace of the place.   We  were seated promptly and the waitress was there with a smile on her face within minutes to take our order.   Tried the wood grilled filet mignon chopped salad and it was quite good, however after the first encounter with the waitress the service went all down hill.  Our waters were never refilled nor did we ever see the waitress again..we had to go look for who in order to pay the bill. the food was good thus the tree stars, but I think that they need to work on the service end of it to make it a complete dining experience.  Will give it another try though...
4	I have driven by this place many times when I am in Phoenix but finally decided to try it last year.  Now I frequent this place every time I am in town.  Their cobb salad (house speciality) is a must to try. It's "to die for".  Proportions are large so you can easily split some entrees.  The glazed carrots are VERY sweet and filling. My husband said they were a disappontment last night but the crab cakes were "tasty". Con: can sometimes get noisy in the resturant.
4	In AZ for the week and had some friends come to visit. First place we took them for dinner was, "White Chocolate Grill". Sat outside in the patio area where it is a lot easier to talk than in the main restaurant.  Since it's mid-November it was a little chilly but with the heaters on it was not a problem.  My girlfriend had the blackened fish sandwich which she said was "outstanding". Also tried the grilled salmon and Cajun chicken sandwich which were both "excellent" choices. Waiter was very attentive and service was "unbeatable".
4	I was pretty impressed, once I could find the place: its the NW corner of Scottsdale Road and Mayo.Cobb salad gets a 4.5 and the waiter was great, too.  Put it on the list.
4	Okay...so this is my second time there and my second review.  the first one was not so good and in all fairness I was contacted by someone from the white chocolate grill and they sent me a $25.00 gift card apologizing for my past experience and asked me to give them another try.  i found this to be quite refreshing and it says a lot about a place when they try to make things right!  So, with that being said..off we ventured to give it another try!  From the moment we arrived we were greeted by the hostess who sat us promptly and informed as that Tara would be our server.  from the time it too Tara to reach us ( about 10 minutes) we were helped by the busser who made sure that we had drinks, etc.  this time here our water glasses were refreshed constantly and the service was very attentive.  My wife and I both ordered the date night out special which you had choices of an appetizer, salad, entree, and desert all for 28.99!  Was a lot of food, but a really great deal.  The food this time was decent as well except the steak could have been seasoned a little bit more.  I must say that they did a great job this time and I am glad that I got the chance to go back and have them make it right!  I will continue to come here in the future because of that effort of theirs alone!
4	On our anniversary night we finally made our way out to Scottsdale just to give this place a try. For an appetizer, we had the grilled artichoke with aioli sauce (which was recommended by the waitress, supposedly it's one of their popular appetizers). we've never tried a full artichoke before, but it was actually good..you could smell and taste the wood grill in the artichoke and it was even better with the aioli sauce. Just wish there was more to eat because towards the middle it was mainly just the leaves so there was not much to eat. For dinner we had the Rotisserie chicken crepes with mashed potatoes topped with mushrooms!! lots of mushrooms!! and their signature gravy. This was truly amazing! Their gravy had such great flavoring that it made everything just taste so good!  (we couldn't finish it so we took it to go, heated it up the next day and it was still THAT good!) We also had their Balsamic Ribeye with Israeli couscous. They could of used a bit more balsamic for their ribeye just to add a bit more flavor to it, but overall it was good, not bad. and last but not least the white chocolate banana cream pie for dessert!!!!!!!!! I was mainly excited for this particular dessert and it was soooo yummy!!!! One of our favorite! and we wanted to order more and more and moreeeeeee! we would drive 45 min. just to go eat more of that banana cream pie!
4	Made our way here last night for my Birthday Dinner.  THANK GOD.  I have been looking for a restaurant like this since I left Chicago 5 years ago.  The style was perfect, the prices were not exorbitant, the food was delicious, the service was tremendous.We had a table at 7, and even though we Happy Hour had passed, they still let us order off of the happy hour menu, so we had four courses for $30 a piece.  We started with Spinach Artichoke DIp, each had a salad (I had the Bacon/Bleu Cheese/Walnut - YUM), then I had the Balsamic Ribeye...  It was so delicious.  One complaint, half of my steak was medium, a quarter was rare, and the other quarter was practically blue, but it still tasted great.  Oh - and the carrots were a little too sweet for me...  They tasted like sweet potatoes....Anyway...  For dessert we had the bread pudding which was the best damned bread pudding I have ever had.  Add in the drinks (which were tasty) and our bill was still nothing too crazy.Our server was just the right combination of hands off and hands on, and i dug her big time.  We ended up having a long leisurely meal, were there from 7-9, but it didn't feel like we were there a long time.  It was just a nice relaxing meal...Loved it - best restaurant experience I've had since I moved here three years ago.  Can't wait to go back.
4	My boyfriend & I have drove by this restaurant probably a dozen times and finally decided we should try it out. Went to an early dinner on Saturday December 18th. The atmosphere was nice, bar looked very nice with all the bottles lined up as a back drop. We sat in the dining room and ordered a bottle of wine. One good thing about this restaurant is that any server will act like your server. The servers were very helpful overall. We ordered a bottle of Chardonnay and Caprese ($5.99 - Fresh tomatoes, basil and mozzarella cheese in a balsamic reduction) and a side of Israeli Couscous ($2.79 - topped with roasted pistachios) to start. Both were good, the only thing is that the Caprese was 75% tomatoes and 25% mozzarella, I guess that is why it is only $5.99, but it was good. I am a vegetarian so I ordered the Famous Grilled Chicken Salad ($14.89 - Field greens tossed with sliced grilled chicken, goat cheese, toasted almonds, golden raisins, cherry tomatoes and croutons in an aged balsamic vinaigrette drizzled with yogurt sauce) WITHOUT chicken (of course!) and I loved it. I asked for avocados and extra goat cheese to substitute for the chicken and they brought both without charge. My boyfriend got the Rustic Club Sandwich ($10.89 - Marinated turkey, roasted and sliced with smoky bacon, cheddar, lettuce, tomato and mayonnaise on toasted whole wheat bread). His only critique of the sandwich its that it was too heavy to enjoy with the entire meal (apps, wine, dessert) He found himself at the end to be lethargic. Great overall sandwich but a little too heavy for his taste. Even though we were both stuffed we decided to order dessert since that is what this whole restaurant is about...white chocolate! We  ordered White Chocolate Banana Cream Pie ($7.59 - A Graham Cracker and Chocolate Chunk Crust, Fresh Bananas and Vanilla Pastry Cream. With Caramel, Whipped Cream and Shaved White Chocolate) and I was actually expecting it to be really really good. But it was not that tasty, kind of bland. But overall, I would definitely go back to WCG for the wine, apps,and salad! Definitely a 4/5 stars for a nice weeknight meal! :)
3	This place is a Cheesecake Factory Restaurant wannabe.I decided to write this review with apprehension. Much to mention and much to question.Not trying to make enemies in Phoenix with the yelpers, or for that matter the restaurants but I will start by questioning the yelp reviewers from this area and why  3 star restaurants (clearly just an A OK where I am from) are being rated 4 and 5 stars? This place is simply not a 4 or 5 star where I come from. Yes I am being snobby but thats partly what yelp is about.Let's just say that I have spent much time on the phone with management and the insurance company trying to resolve my issues here @ this restaurant. I have been promised that my issues are being addressed and that management takes them very serious. I do have reason to doubt but will give them the benefit of the doubt for now.The great service that people claim here is ok (3 stars) but the people operate like they are on auto pilot. They know the company motto, fast and service with a smile but it fails to be anything personable and i just find personality equates into stars...more stars than just one. The food runner asked who was eating one dish, placed it in front of the wrong person and while we were saying "no" he kept putting down the second wrong meal ( when you get one meal placement wrong, chances are you'll get two or more wrong). We started to switch the plates ourselves since the food runner was already running back to the kitchen.Food, the food was ok, seriously ok, just ok. See, three ok's equal three stars not 4 or 5 stars. The steak 6.5 ounce was cooked right but was just ok. Again, ok is 3 stars on yelp. The rotisserie chicken, 3 stars, just ok. The caprese salad, odd with cherry tomatoes with lil balls of mozzarella, balsamic vinegar...ummm guess how many stars? Yup, 3, quite possibly a 2. The dessert was the banana thingamajig, I didn't partake so let's say a zero for that which won't effect the overall score. It is cute that desserts are placed at the top of the menu in the beginning but they should put the dessert at the top of the bill too. One weird thing, when seated with two kids and two adults, they switched the kids black napkin roll ups with white ones? Hmmm, profiling kids? Why?The place is dark, loud but good people watching place. Nice fire pit outside for waiting, lines move rather quickly but seriously it's a knock off of the cheesecake factory but the cheesecake factory is much better!I reserve the right to re-star depending on the outcome of the management and the insurance companies response.
4	my gf and i go for martinis. we imbibe in happy hours and happy hours alone. the thought of paying three times more for the same thing by arriving one hour later offends me deeply. having said that, i will pay full price for one item on their menu.grilled artichokes. i have prepared artichokes for ages and i love them done in every way. but, this. this! is undeniably the best prepared artichoke ever conceived. it is cut in half, grilled and served with amazing grated parmesan. full of flavor and absolutely worth paying full price. the rest of the menu is all right. there are a few plates that are tasty, but you can get the same dishes in fifteen different restaurants in the same zip code.
4	The food was delicious, the service was great, the atmosphere was amazing. I would definitely come back.I took my team there for lunch to celebrate the holidays.  It was a little pricey, but I expected that.  We had a great time in a place that was just made for comfy beautiful dining.
2	Read some of the other reviews and can't understand how people give this place more than 3 stars, especially when they had a complaint about the food!  This place was a huge disappointment.  When we arrived, we thought we were in for a treat since the place was packed.  Unfortunately, the food was just mediocre.  Had the spinach/artichoke dip and AZ egg rolls .... nothing special.  In fact, they tasted like your typical "chain restaurant" fare.  The entrees were just as uninspiring.  I had the crab cakes and my husband had the trout.  Best way to describe both.. "meh".  Here's the kicker though - with a name like The White Chocolate Grill and the desserts listed at the top of the menu, you would expect them to be exceptional. Not! Silky Chocolate Souffle Cake was dry and one dimensional.  The crust on the White Chocolate Banana Cream pie was so think and hard, it was impossible to cut into.  The crust so dominated the dessert that you could barely taste any of the other ingredients.  We're from Chicago and maybe there's just a lack of exposure to good food here, but no way does this place rates even close to 4 stars let alone 5.
5	I went for happy hour in the bar and it was great! It was so busy, but the server was able to still be really nice and get us everything we needed. We had the chicken egg rolls on the happy hour and they were so good! We also got the banana cream pie, it was so amazing! It melted in your mouth! I cannot wait to go back!
2	over-hyped TGI Fridays.Ate here on a business dinner while in Phoenix.  It was not a memorable experience and I would recommend that anyone considering going here takes a look at anywhere else nearby.  Five-Guys burgers would be a better bet.Sorry, not a place I would like to return to
4	Diet advice: Never eat more chocolate than you can lift!Placed gets packed quick! Make sure you have reservations!The food was good. Expensive but good. Honestly it takes a lot to screw up Traditional American food. They had a deal that at $60/per person you could sample a lot of what they had to offer. Everyone at my booth took it and we got to sample almost everything! Their white chocolate brownie was amazing. I usually don't like white chocolate. I like my chocolate like I like my.....nights? Dark? (dumb dumb dumb) but it was really good.Go for dessert. Stay to people watch- seriously, the people in AZ are different. Or maybe it's just because people think I look Mexican. You won't deport me back to Cali!
4	This place is AWESOME. It is very similar to Houston's and I am totally fine with that since the closest Houston's is in Old Town. This is a usual Friday night date spot for me and my boo. Usually has a wait but we get lucky every time to find a seat at the bar to order a pre dinner cocktail. The lemon drops are tasty, the BF gets gin and tonics normally. He wishes they had a little more selection of gin..but no big deal. We like to go for the date night special where we can sample an app, salads, and a main meal for about $30 bucks a piece. We are not strict on how much we spend on meals so it just depends on what the main entrees there are offering at that time.My typical eating style is big eyes, smaller stomach. I order way too much food but luckily, my man usually eats any left overs the next day. I am a big fan of the the artichoke dip with the salsa as an appetizer and I usually go straight for the ribs. They are damn good! I have also had a steak that is marinated in balsamic vinegar. The steak looked funky when they brought it out, I didn't say anything and they said they were already making me another steak to take home. OK! Steak and eggs for breakfast. Go to this place. You will make it one of your weekly destinations.
4	I love White Chocolate grill.  I'd love it more if they took reservations so I didn't always have to wait an hour for a table, but it's worth it.  I have been here quite a few times and both the service and food have always been excellent.  In fact, I've never had a bad meal here.  They have a diverse menu so there is something for everyone.  I have tried their ribs, salads, fish and steak and they've all been delicious.  They have a fun drink menu too.  If you are looking for a good meal, attentive service and a nice setting, you won't be disappointed.
5	One of My favorite Restaurants.  I have been here so many times and each and everytime i have not been dissapointed.  I won't go into detail because my fiancee already did, although she rated it at only four stars....
5	I love this place..ok only been here once, but the experience was fabulous and can't wait to go again!It was girls dinner out - five of us gals on a Saturday night - we had reservations and were seated close to our time.  It was a stormy night and they had to close the outside patio, so they were really slammed with diners.One gal ordered the grilled artichoke appetizer and it was so delish!  I will definetly order this next time.   For my main dish I had the Dancing Crab Cakes and Holy Crab!  There was no filler - all yummy crab - served with a plain tarter sauce which they didn't need, so wasn't too sad it didn't have a creative dipping sauce.     I was so into my dish - I don't even remember what everyone else had.   The best part was the dessert - only two of us were having dessert and on the top of the dessert menu - it says "desserts for two" - well....we still ordered two of them to share!   White chocolate banana cream pie was my choice and it really had an amazing flavor, but the dessert you must have is the French white chocolate bread pudding - wow - wow - wow!   I am not a big fan of bread puddings, but this is made with croissants and is not your typical bread pudding.  it melts in your mouth with white chocolate godiva liquer, caramel sauce, and golden raisens.   You must save room for dessert!My only complaint is that the restaurant is so loud - it was really hard to carry a conversation with your table - it also is a bit dark which is great for a romantic couple dinner, but not the best for a gals night out.oh, just remembered - get the side dish of the honey roasted carrots - that is like a dessert in itself!
4	I love their dessert! It's my favorite thing to eat here. The best one is the freshly baked apple pie. Besides the dessert, their burgers and sandwiches are great too. Food 4/5Service 4/5Atmosphere 3/5- it's really dark inside, I wish it was brighter
4	Good vibe and mix of people. Enjoyed the food. Quality of steak was a pleasant surprise. Nice choice of brews on tap with a trendy bar area.  Good service. Reminds me of the Cheesecake Factory.
2	Sometimes policies are great--like "all employees must wash their hands before leaving the restroom." Other times, policies are ridiculous. Today, at White Chocolate Grille, I experienced the latter, which is a shame because I usually experience fantastic customer service there. The prior two days, I suffered a spat of food poisoning from another restaurant that will not be mentioned, so I've been in recovery mode pretty much eating bread, cheese, rice and potatoes to gently rebuild my appetite. So when I learned that we were going to WCG for my coworkers' going away party I figured I could still partake in the farewell by having a grilled cheese sandwich--an item that's not on the menu, but seriously, what place can't make a grilled cheese sandwich that has other sandwiches on the menu that contain bread and cheese? I ask for a grilled cheese sandwich, and the waiter tells me that I can't order that. OK, I'm not some difficult eater who hasn't moved off the kiddie menu, so I explain to him my food poisoning rationale, but no. He can't put that order in for me. I ask for the kids menu because I bet it's on there--nope, can't see that. I ask for the manager, but the waiter goes and comes back and tells me that I can order the Rustic Club Sandwich instead. So I proceed to order that, hold the turkey, tomato, lettuce, bacon and mayo. My coworkers were amazed that I was willing to order an $11 grilled cheese sandwich. The price didn't matter to me--it wasn't on my dime. It was the process of finally getting to what I wanted that bugged me. Now, I did get my sandwich, and it was a great grilled cheese, but I must say, it would have gone down better had the policy been bent a little. It's a shame because I honestly really enjoyed their Grilled Artichokes. I guess I'll just be going to Houston's now when I want to get my "dark restaurant" fix.
4	Food and service both deserve this rating as does the other location outside of Chicago.
5	Great overall value.   Food is great and you can get  good healthy selections, too.  Bar has great ambiance.  Tomato Gin soup, to die for.  Cajun fish sandwich is a favorite!  1/2 rack babyback ribs at happy hour for $6.00!! Other decent selections as well.  Regular menu has something for everyone that won't break your budget and plenty to share if so inclined!  Great place for a nice night out when you don't want to spend your entire paycheck! And I didn't even mention the deserts...heavenly!
4	Second visit to WC confirms my four star review.  Tried the stacked enchiladas and they cured a little Tex-Mex craving.  Magarita sealed the deal for a very enjoyable meal.  Service was very good, and everyone walked away happy and with to-go boxes.  That being said, if their desserts were better I would probably give it another star.
4	3.75 *'s rounded up to 4. Had a 2 hour late-lunch business meeting with a client here. It was nice and quiet at 4... but the noise was roaring when we left around 6pm. White Chocolate Grill... like others, I wasn't sure what to expect from the name. I was thinking maybe like Cheesecake Factory or something?? But it was a nice, upscale restaurant with so many different entree choices to probably please everyone. There were salads, sandwiches, entrees, and steaks. I chose to go with the Rotisserie Chicken Crepes, with mushrooms and a madeira sauce. It was good... not out of this world unbelievable, but it was good. For my side I chose the honey carrots, per all the recommendations here on yelp. Oh, for starters I had the house salad w balsamic dressing. It was great!My colleague had a soup and chicken enchiladas -- she said both were good. And we both had white chocolate brownies to go! They packed whipped cream, white chocolate shavings, chocolate sauce,. AND vanilla bean ice cream in our to-go containers. It was AWESOME! (My husband appreciated that I actually brought him leftovers.)Service was not as good as the food. It was pretty spotty. But that's alright.... the white chocolate brownie made up for it.
3	WCG has a great ambience, even for those who wait for a table outside. FYI, dont bother making a reservation, you still wait. We had made a reservation for 4 guests (through yelp) when we called 10 hours prior to change it to 5 guests, things just got weird. My husband spoke to 3 reps on the phone, only to learn that they have a policy prohibiting reservationsmore than 4. So when we got there, we were put in line with the rest of the patrons. We had a 35 minute wait for dinner, not bad, but come on customer service!!Finally inside (or on the gorgeously heated patio) our service was fantastic at table side. Immediate drink service and no cups left empty.food was delivered quickly and with good timing.We had a spinach dip to start that was good. I had the Perfectly Grilled Salmon that was more than a bit over done. 2 out of 10 on that one. The sides of shredded butternut squash and honey glazed carrots stole the show. My companions had Bacon burgers and crab cakes that they rated as good.Conclusion; a great ambience, with a mixed bag of staff (quit hiring junior high students to hostess). not much more than average food. could've been because a busy night, no excuse, but I will try it once more before I call it average.
5	My sister and I go here for the dessert...so that is where i am going to start...the white chocolate breadpudding OMG OMG OMG!!!!  It is fabulous and the blond brownie with chocolate sauce AWWWWWWW i think I just had an orgasm!! I love how they say the desserts are for two, but my sister and I always split two so we are each eating two desserts!! ITS AWESOME!!!  Now the food is wonderful too...I got the blu burger and the gin tomato soup...delicious!!!!!  I love it here...i love the atmosphere and the food and the staff...its a perfect combo of deliciousness!!!
4	I went here with friends for drinks.  I had the mojito and my friend had some lemonade/stawberry drink at the bar.  They were both delicious.  I ordered the Caprese salad and she ordered the southwest egg rolls.  My caprese salad was very fresh and delicious and her egg rolls were really good.  We then ordered The White Chocolate Bread Pudding to share.  I had a White Chocolate Martini to go with it.  Couldnt be better.  So delicious.  Great time!
5	The White Chocolate Grill never disappoints. Sure, the ambiance is nice, the servers are awesome, and the location is great as it is located on the brink of north Scottsdale, but the highlight of my most recent visit was sinking my chompers into a juicy, fall-off-the-bone rack of baby back ribs with fresh mashed potatoes and french fries to compliment (I'm all about potatoes, but different sides may be chosen). I'm crazy about this place alright; I'd even be crazy enough to say that the artichoke dip beats Oregano's Boom Dip as it does not have any oil or grease - ftw! And then there's the white chocolate brownie a la mode that is totally drizzled in milk chocolate, totally covered with white chocolate shavings, and totally worth the entire trip alone. Can I get a "yes please"?My only other thoughts: 1) Why isn't there more white chocolate on the menu? 2) There was no puff to my chocolate souffle, which would've made worlds of a difference as souffle loosely translates into "puff up". Regardless, puff or no puff, this may not be the best chocolate souffle out there, but it still makes a damn good chocolate lava cake. 3) Service is great - my water never gets beyond the halfway mark :)
5	The flavor in this food is truly amazing. Everything we ordered was stellar. Even the kids ribs and burger were so delicious. We had the brownie for dessert and it was demolished by the four if us in less than 5 min. Check this place out. You won't regret it.
3	Alright..a first time yelper so not sure what to say but here I go.It was our first time dining at the restaurant and I''m not quite sure if we'll be going back...  It was a night of sub par service, average food but a really great dessert.  We were turned on by a friend who raved about their Baby Back Ribs with the glazed carrots. So being from the south I can appreciate a nice slab of meat but this was either an off night or my friend has horrible taste.We were greeted and sat almost immediately to our arrival without a reservation. We were put at a booth for 2 in the bar which wasn't as bad as one might think. The restaurant isn't a loud and rowdy one so a bar atmosphere was very mellow.  But after being sat we didn't get any form of acknowledgment for almost 10 minutes. No water, no hello, nothing. Finally the server came over and instead of apologizing for the delay, asked if we had any questions with the menu. My date replied with, " we've actually had enough time to memorize it by now so we're good, thanks!"  Awkward. :)  To save time we went ahead and ordered our drinks and our dinners in the first go around with the waitress.  We started out with the Ahi Tuna Salad which was amazing, however 5 minutes after we got that, our food came out.  I never understood why restaurants rush food out, especially on a Sunday night.  We're not in a rush so let us enjoy our meal! The meal itself looked great on the plate. Carrots were steaming and the garlic mashed potatoes were plentiful, however cold for both of our entrees.  Unfortunately the waitress never came back to check on us so I had to walk over to the bar and ask the bartender to find her for us.  When she finally came over she tried to take our plates so as she could reheat the meal instead of just bringing us fresh potatoes.  Common sense is lost sometimes on people...Ok now to a good point!  The white chocolate raspberry cheesecake! Amazing.  Creamy, rich and sweet!  Priced right and calorie free!  Well up until the first bite im sure... All in all a night of average.  They've lost us for dinner but a dessert and cappuccino is not out of the question here.
4	I had never heard of this restaurant before and was introduced by some business associates. We came for lunch with a party of 8. We were seated in the back patio in a semi-private area. Our server was great and we had a good meal. Most of the girls had the salads (all gigantic sized) and most of the men had sandwiches and things of that nature.They had lemonade which I had and it was just okay. I had asked if they could flavor it and was looked at like I had asked if they could add alcohol to it. Usually in Seattle, you can get a strawberry lemonade, etc so I didn't think my request was too strange but apparently it is in AZ. The atmosphere was nice and I can see it being a good spot for happy hour. The interior bar area definitely had a hip feel to it.
4	Went with a group here and had the blackened fish (think it was catfish?), which was good but not great.  I wouldn't get it again, anyway, cause it broke in small pieces and was just too darn sloppy to eat while trying to pretend I'm a lady.However, everything my friends had ordered looked fantastic.  Some had the salad and soup, and that was the best looking salad!  Yum!I love this place, love the name of this place and would go back there in a heartbeat when I get over that way again.Next time I might even venture over to the dessert column...The atmosphere is excellent for talking.  I could even hear what everyone was saying..surprise, surprise...so the sound level is well done there.I just loved this place overall, and heartily suggest you try it.
4	Above average upscale chain.  If you have ever been to a Yard House and enjoyed it you will like the White Chocolate Grill.  Good (if a bit expensive) bar, good service and good food.  Usual selection of sandwiches, salads, fish, chicken and steak to pretty much keep most people happy.
4	Alright, it's only fair that I write an updated review for WCG since I have had good experiences there since my grilled cheese sandwich fiasco. I give the place props for being very easy to work with on last minute reservations for big groups. Several times, about 16 or so of my coworkers and I have decided to do a last minute group outing, and they've been able to accommodate us in a pinch. During our group outings, the waiters and waitresses have provided excellent service, making sure everyone in our large group was well set on drinks and such. WCG, you've won me back.
4	It's as yummy as it sounds! I've been known to only order their sides for a meal, they're super delishhhh. The Honey Roasted Carrot are a MUST. If you think you don't like carrots, get that look of disgust off your face long enough to savor this delight.If you're into burgers (I'm usually not), you must try their BBQ Bacon Burger. Also, if you're looking for recommendations a lot of people swear by the Filet Mignon Cobb Salad.
4	went here when all the snow birds left town (5/18/11) noisy but good atmosphere. tomato gin soup was awesome as was the salsa... i know..salsa?.. but i would have eaten it with a spoon!!! great service (yo, Jaime!!) had a great burger and wife had a chopped salad both at a fair price good drinks... will be going back next trip
4	Let me start out by saying that this place is amazing! I've never had a problem with the service or the food myself, so if it were just based on what my experiences were with WCG, it'd get five stars. Unfortunately, and this is a rare occasion, take out orders get a little messed up. Once, they forgot a complete order. They did offer to correct it, and they did, for free. Its nice when a place will say they screwed up.Now on to good! The Spinach Artichoke dip is sooooo tasty! I always get it when I go. The tortilla soup is amazing. The caesar salad is ok, the dressing isn't my favorite, but it's not bad. The rustic club is THE sandwich to get (unless you like french dip..... then that's THE sandwich to get....)I have yet to try dessert, I always get too full from my meal to try it, but they look very tasty!
5	My second time going to this restaurant. Was in the need for a good burger and received a great burger. They recently added a new corn salad to the menu which was juicy. Finished of the meal with their white chocolate cheesecake. Unlike most cheesecakes, theirs is light and fluffy. I also think that the service is great. Very attentive and they allow their personalities shine. I like when the staff believes in the restaurant and e food that they serve.
4	Great food, great service. Only complaint is that it is very loud.
4	Finally had a burger here for lunch with my family the other day.  I know that they burgers are handmade and they make a big deal about it since everything here is homemade.  I got the Maytag burger which isn't something I would normally try but the server recommended it and I did not want to go with a regular cheese burger this time.  It came with blue cheese (not a fan except on steak) and small pieces of bacon (nice touch), with all the fixings and it was pretty darn good.  I thought the blue cheese was a little strong for my taste but the burger was very good.  I have had dinner here a few time and cant recall what I ate but the food is always fantastic.  The service is always top notch and the lemonade is fresh and very good.  I like that they have call ahead seating here so that we dont have to wait long on busy nights and the atmosphere is very Scottsdale and the price isn't cheap but it is a nice place to take a date (or in my case my lovely wife).  I sometimes forget about this place since I live so far but it is great.
2	four star average?Why?This place is a chain restaurant with a silly name - the family made me eat here and I will tell you this - the only thing four star here are the sexy tall young fit waiters.... everything else is weak and salty...At least they serve bourbon - but seriously the cocktail menu was silly and the preparation by the untrained bartenders was obvious - silly rolls with honey butter oh that's cute -the food was applebees meets outback  - one of those taste of the world menus - my dad was silly enough to order the prime rib - it looked like a swanson frozen dinner - poor dad - IT IS CALLED WHITE CHOCOLATE GRILL - what does that mean - oh it means we are silly and have duped people into thinking we are a trendy restaurant.So sad - seriously the service is lovely and attentive the food is better prepared and home with more flavor and less salt - i guess the real french fries - the string kind were yummy but I needed to up my BP meds.oh and a funny decor thing - they use rolled up, stacked utensils in napkins as sorta sculptural decor around the restaurant - sorta weird
4	We enjoyed our meal very much.    My daughter got the ribs and they were tender and falling off the bone.   The summer corn salad as a side dish is perfect for summer in Arizona.   I got the glazed salmon and it was cooked perfectly and the cucumbers on top were delicious.   My only complaint is that we ask for rolls and when they came to the table they were very hard and not warm.   Besides that everything was delicious and the service was great
5	Ok, so 2nd visit was much more enjoyable. WCG knows red meat and knows what med. rare is. THX WCG, most establishments are scared to prepare beef that way. I had the blue cheese crusted center filet, my Husband had the balsamic infused rib-eye. Both were terrific and the only item finished on the plate! I love the honey roated carrots, and the Israeli couscous has a nice, refreshing tang that I like.Thx WCGwe will be back.
3	First time review: Great food and service! We received everything very quickly, and the server was friendly. I ordered the French Dip, and it was delicious! The white chocolate dessert (must get it here!) was great as well! Second time review: We came here for happy hour, and everything was pretty good.
4	We are frequent visitors of the White Chocolate Grill ever since it opened.  We consider ourselves foodies and appreciate fine dining and trying new restaurants.  The service has always been great and the food has never disappointed.  We usually split the prime rib french dip sandwich and the meat is cooked medium and is very lean, hardly any fat.  The Au jus is standard.  It also comes with a horseradish dip as well which packs a little punch although not enough to open up the nasal passages in the summer.  The spinach/artichoke dip is very good!  The chips are thin and tasty with just the right amount of salt and the spinach/artichoke dip is better than Houston's (I know that sounds blasphemous).The star of the show however is the "soon to be famous" White Chocolate Brownie...THIS is the most incredibly rich and pure decadent desserts we have ever had!  It is a MUST to try this dessert!  The combination of the the brownie, chocolate sauce along with white chocolate shavings, vanilla ice cream and whipped cream is the perfect blend of all things sweet without being overly sweet.We've frequenting this place since our daughter was 6 months old and that was 4 years ago.  WCG has always been one of our favorite Saturday lunch destinations!  You gotta go!
3	Upon entering White Chocolate Grill, it's immediately apparent that they've tried to recreate the decor and atmosphere of Houston's which simply invites customers to compare their experience to a comparable dinner at the restaurant that they are attempting to emulate.  Perusing the menu confirms this as there are many of the same items listed.  Unfortunately, however, the food quality and wine list do not compare to Houston's and I would have gladly paid the extra $50 to have simply dined there.At 8:45 on a Saturday night, we arrived to find almost no other customers dining.  We ordered the tortilla soup, Caesar salad, and veggie burger, all items that we've had before at Houston's.  The soup was flavorful, but not as good, the salad was glopped with a heavy Caesar dressing (it's counterpart at Houston's is light and eggless), the veggie burger was good, but nothing that would bring us rushing back.  A positive, however, is that we did get a side of mashed potatoes with the veggie burger which was very good and is an item not offered at Houston's.  All in all, this appears to be an example of a situation in which the original is just better in all regards than a knock-off. Our meal wasn't terrible, but just not nearly as good.  Next time, we will drive a few extra miles south and head to Houston's.
5	We've lived in AZ for over a year now and TWCG is one of our most frequented restaurants. I don't think we've ever had anything bad there. The roasted chicken is unbeatable. Over Thanksgiving they had the best pumpkin pie I've ever tasted. They have plenty of service and everyone is always nice. Its a little dark so its more of an intimate feel. Definitely recommend this place!
4	I love their Ahi Tuna Salad! I usually don't write reviews on chain restaurants, but I had to because I eat here frequently and love their tuna salad. I have been here many time with family, friends, coworkers, and clients and there are not many complaints! The servers are always very attentive, sometimes overly attentive. The ambiance is nice and how the tables are set up makes you feel like you have your own space (not overly crowded). My biggest complaint is that all the desserts are white chocolate desserts...I know it is the 'white chocolate' Grill but, another option would be nice. I love chocolate, but I am not a fan of white chocolate. On the weekends and Friday, I would recommend having a reservation otherwise the wait could be quite long.  If you are looking for all around good food, good service with a pleasant atmosphere this is a great spot!
3	Once again another "this place is awesome" word of mouth place in Scottsdale that let me down.  I had been hearing about this place for awhile but its kind of far so when I saw the groupon for WCG, it was the push I needed to head north.  Things that went wrong:- I didn't know it was a must have reservations kind of place, but it is.  Thats fine though- you live and you learn, but the way the hostess handled it was the problem.  She was very rude, took our name and gave us the vibrator thing.  After sitting for 30ish minutes we heard another host tell people coming in that they could sit in the bar area or the patio instead of waiting.  Would of been nice to know when we came in!-I don't like the fact that you have to ask for bread.  If a restaurant is gonna have bread it should just be automatically taken to the table.  It makes you feel like a fatty, cheap ass wanting free food when you have to ask. -I got the chicken crepes. The madeira sauce was just a dark gravy, it just wasn't my thing so I can't blame them for me making a bad choice.  What I was mad about was the broccoli.  I've had better broccoli from a school food service buffet line!  The broccoli was so overcooked that it turned to mush when you touched it with a fork.  AWFUL!  Should NOT happen at a nice restaurant.Things that were good:-The server-My bf said the ribs were good.  I didn't try.-The white chocolate blonde brownie was amazing.  It is the only thing that is making me choose 3 stars rather than 2.I will most likely not be returning here.  Not worth the drive or money.
5	Food was very good. We had the ribs. Thy were cooked perfectly! The arriving duo could have been warmer. My daughters child's meal was freshly made chicken fingers, they were excellent. Service was fast & efficient!
4	Great service.  We enjoy the food, but I believe the Naperville, IL location is better.  They seem to offer a larger variety of specials.  But, and thats a large but, the Scottsdale location is still a must try.  My favorite item is the Quinoa veggie burger.
5	This place has a great atmosphere, perfect for dates, groups, and girl's night! I came with my parents for a family dinner. We came on a Friday night without a reservation in mid-July, and had only a 15-20 minute wait. We got drinks at the bar and hung out. At some of the tables in the bar area, you can seat yourself if they're open. A waiter came and let us know, which was really nice of him. We ended up being beat to the table, but we weren't worried!I enjoyed a pomegranate martini. It was delicious, and I love that they bring you a chilled glass about halfway through. Totally unnecessary, but TOTALLY appreciated! We shared the spinach/artichoke dip as an app. Yummy! I had the bleu cheese crusted filet, which was perfectly prepared. Dad had the ribs/chicken combo and thought the ribs were surprisingly good for a non-barbeque place. Mom had some kind of salad, and it was huge. When she was done, she barely looked like she touched it. We tried the White chocolate banana cream pie.... it was a little weird. Came on a crust that looked like a cookie. Dad said it was okay, but then.... I noticed a very small hair on the whipped cream. We quietly told the waitress, who immediately apologized and offered another. Since we weren't impressed, we declined. She comped the desert and our appetizer.Food was great, drinks were great, desert was just fine. Service is where WCG shined. We were really impressed with the way the waitress and the manager treated this hair. Probably 4 apologies total... It was nice to NOT be blown off for a small complaint, or made to feel like we were making a big deal.I would definitely return! Yumm!!
4	Don't get me wrong, I've been to WCG many times. I've gone for date nights, family gatherings, etc., but after my most recent visit I feel posed to finally write a review. Now, it's not that WCG wasn't worthy of a review, it's just I normally don't write reviews for chain restaurants, but I am making an exception because I REALLY like their food and service. So, my favorite things to get here are their salads. I've had most of them besides the Tuna one and each one is fresh with quality ingredients that alone are standouts. The cajun chicken sandwich is amazing as are the crepes. The desserts are great- I judge a dessert on whether or not it is served warm (if it should be) and this place passes the test with flying colors. The service is great- in fact one time we got a free dessert because dinner took "too long" to get to us- the thing was we didn't even complain, nor did we think it was taking long... of course I will take a free dessert though! Reservations are a must and sometimes you will still have to wait, but for a good standby for a nice occasion, WCG is the place to go!
2	Service was excellent and the atmosphere was pleasant, but the food cannot be recommended.  Filet was thin, dry and not particularly flavorful, and the broccoli side was over cooked.  My wife's crab cakes had nice large pieces of meat, but seemed a bit old.  There are must better choices near by.
3	I think I had high standards for this place before I even set foot in the restaurant just b/c the name sounded so delish, unfortunately that's where all the magic stopped.  The decor was nice but it kind of has that chain restaurant vibe and the food just didn't make the cut for me.  I tried the artichoke dip for appetizer, the salmon as my entree, and the souffle as my dessert...none of the dishes blew me away so I didn't end up finishing any of them even though i was famished!
5	Amazing food, amazing service, amazing atmosphere!  That says it all.  Check out the White Chocolate Grill for yourself and I think you'll agree.  And if you're from Maryland, check out their Maryland-style Dancing Crab Cakes.  You won't be disappointed.  Moist, jumbo lump crab meat with Old Bay seasoning. Yum!
5	Before I dive into the food, I got to say the atmosphere seemed mystical.  With the dim lights setting into the area, it almost seemed like a little smoky and magical within the restaurant.  That might also have to do a lot with the kitchen closer to the dining area.  It was neat to actually see the chefs in action, as though I was watching an episode of Hell's Kitchen.The food was absolutely stunning.  We got a light caprese appetizer.  The flavors of the balsamic, oregano, and olive oil was amazing.  As my main entree,  I got the Famous Chicken Salad.  The chicken was kind of braised and it tasted tender with the balsamic vinagrette dressing.  The light appetizer and salad was a good segway to a white chocolate brownie.  I got a white chocolate martini to pair my dessert.  The brownie came with tasty vanilla bean ice cream and shaved white chocolate pieces.  I am not a big martini person, but this had a flavor of liqueur to go along with the white chocolate taste.I came here with a Groupon, and I am definitely coming back for more!
5	came here for lunch the other day and finally had there WCG cheese burger and OMG was it flipping awesome.  Dont wast your time with the Maytag burger and you must try the WCG at least once in your life.  GET IT DONE!
3	Had high expectations and im starting to think I sometimes go in expecting to much. Don't get me wrong, its a nice place. Nice dark and comfy ambiance. they were out of the artichoke appetizer we wanted, we tried the spinach dip and it was pretty good. I had the salmon, and it was very tasty. The glaze they   put on it was fantastic, and our waiter told us their salmon dish also has won several awards. Lover tried the snapper special and he enjoyed it a well. Overall everything was pretty good and the bread pudding is a must as well!P.s put in a reservation online. We showed up and we were seated right away..
4	i'm still full with all the delicious food from wcg!  ordered the shrimp cocktail which had 6 jumbo shrimp with 2 different sauces.  i had the half rack ribs and chicken which i liked them both.  had the side of corn salad since the server said it was his fav.  pushed our luck and continued on to dessert with the special pumpkin cheesecake.  OMG!  it was soooo goood.  will go back.
5	Had dinner here for the first time and we will definitely be back.  Our server Seth was the best I've had in a while. He knew everything about the menu and made great recommendations. I'm surprised we hadn't heard more about this place before. The crab cakes are fantastic, as were our drinks. Very enjoyable dinner!
5	Excellent food and service!!!  We make a point to visit this restaurant at least once a week.  I always order the Famous chicken salad or the French dip but my husband orders many different things on the menu and they are all wonderful.  Dessert is a must!!!  The White chocolate bread pudding is the best bread pudding I have ever had!  The white chocolate brownie is very rich and tasty.  The cheesecake is by far the best cheesecake in the valley.  The only thing I can complain about is they use to serve a coconut cream pie as a special desert and we have not been able to get this is a very long time.
1	Went to WCG on Saturday with my family. My daughter eats anything, my son does not eat red meat and I don't eat any meat/flesh.  I was very disappointed to find the only thing that I could eat, other than a green salad, was a side of broccoli and a side of summer corn salad.  The veggie burger has walnuts which makes it hard for someone with nut allergies.  The House Special Tomato soup has bacon cooked in it and the couscous has pistachios on it.  Making it through the meal, we ordered dessert. We were again disappointed.  The Silky Chocolate Souffle' Cakes was neither silky nor souffle'.  It was more like a dense brownie cake.  The French White Chocolate Bread Pudding was burned on the bottom and I suppose the Fresh Apple Pie was good, my son at it all, but I couldn't taste it because it too had nuts in it.  Please, when making your menu, consider customers who may have allergies or desires to eat or not eat meat.  I will not be back to WCG unless some changes are made to their menu.
5	I had such a wonderful lunch experience here, that I took my dad back for dinner.  The Ahi grade tuna burger I had for lunch was simply divine.  It was a special, and I expected it to cost more than the reasonable price of $11.99.  It was so very delicious.  The service was excellent, and it's obvious that this restaurant prides itself on teamwork and efficiency.  My dinner experience was wonderful as well.  We both ordered salads, and they were excellent.  We also ordered desert, both the brownie and the cheesecake.  The brownie was good, but the cheesecake was to die for.  I will definitely be dining here again.
3	I suppose it's good....for what it is: a generic, chain restaurant eerily similar to Houston's, or Hillstone, or whatever the hell generic shit it is. It isn't that the food that I ordered was not good, but it wasn't very creative. It's all the same shit you get at Cheesecake Factory, or a steakhouse, or whatever. There wasn't much exciting about it. After a 30 minute wait to be seated, service was good. The clientele is a bit, um, on the older side. Again, it's a chain.... that's pretty much what you get.We didn't order dessert and am now regretful, they looked absolutely fantastic!
3	Great place for dine-in and pick-up!Ambience: Contemporary/ CasualFood/Drink: American.  Good salads and desserts!
4	I wish I could say I've tried everything on the menu here but unfortunately, I keep going back to some absolute favorites that I can't get away from.  The Famous Grilled Chicken Salad, Classic French Dip, Spit Roasted Turkey Dip are all pretty freakin' amazing.Notice their menu starts with dessert too...I mean the place is called WCG anyways right?  The White Chocolate Brownie, Bread Pudding, and Fresh Baked Apple Pie are all choices that are going to make you wish you had stronger will power.  But we know you don't...neither do I!!Bottom line...it's pretty hard to go wrong with anything on the menu!  See if you can guess how many bottles are behind the bar too!  The person least closest has to buy dinner!
4	Great place to take company. A decent variety on the menu. And the food is good. Expect to pay for the area it is located in. The one reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because I wish they had more choices on their dessert menu. Plus we were not asked if we wanted dessert. The server brought the bill and we felt like it was time to get out. So we didn't order dessert and left. Their loss. Never assume. Always ask.
5	My girlfriend and I love this place. Great atmosphere, service and food. The bar is really cool looking. I have never had anything less than outstanding service. My girlfriend always gets the balsamic infused rib eye and I can't blame her. It is really good. I like to try different things, but my fall back is always the Maytag crusted fillet. I like that they have interesting specials too. the best was a special vegetable side. Buttered mint green beans sounded odd to me, so I had to try it. I am glad I did because they were awesome. Great place to take a date.
5	WCG has been a favorite for years. There is always a crowd so make a reservation. Very cool ambiance with dark lighting. The wait staff is very professional.We order the artichoke app every time. Recently I had the ribeye (their most popular steak) it was cooked to perfection. Nice and tender and juicy. My wife loved her tomato soup. And our 2 yr old scarfed down the kids pasta ( and my skinny French fries). The food is delicious.This is truly as good as it gets.
1	I don't know if it was just this location, but I was totally underwhelmed. So was my friend. I was so excited to eat here. Everything was just blah. The drinks were so bad, we didn't finish them. One drink tasted like Nyquil. Their signature drink tasted like it was made with rubbing alcohol. I wish I had just gone to the cheesecake factory.
3	The other night, my girlfriend and I decided we would have a nice dinner at The White Chocolate Grill. We knew about the restaurant because we had our senior prom dinner there last year. From what we remembered, it was a wonderful place. However, we were surprised when we arrived. Perhaps the thing that bothered me most was to see the wait staff walking around in jeans. Something about jeans makes the atmosphere blase -at least when you're anticipating an up-scale steakhouse restaurant in scottsdale.Aside from the carefree outfits, the fact that entree's were delivered by stacking the plates up their arms was so entirely tacky. I don't appreciate the skill of being able to balance dishes from your forearm to your shoulder, therefore, use a tray. For dinner, my girlfriend and I both had the new york steak. The presentation was less than nice and the steak was decent. Not great, decent. I loathed the garnishing sauce that contaminated the steak so I would recommend requesting it on the side. For dessert, we had the raspberry cheesecake which was superb. Along with the cheesecake, we enjoyed a wonderful cup of coffee. Through out the night, our server was distant yet sweet. I prefer a more engaging server which she was not. When it came time to clear the table of empty dishes, you better believe it that they stacked plates on top of each other, stuck silverware into empty glasses, and then juggled them to the dishwasher by balancing them up their arm. Again, USE A TRAY!I'm getting to lengthy with this review, its just that I have so much to say.Let me sum it up by saying, The White Chocolate Grill felt like an over priced Elephant Bar and for the moment, I won't recommend nor return.
4	Jumbo lump crab cakes are one of my top favorite foods. The jumbo lump crab cakes at White Chocolate Grill were certainly not my number one crab cakes... that honor would fall to somewhere back east. HOWEVer, they were lumpy, not too bready, quite tasty. We also go the souffle cake the only REAL chocolate dessert on the menu! yumm.We had a lot of fun here, splitting the cheapest bottle of wine on the menu and enjoying some pretty good food. From the outside I expected the experience to be similar to Bonefish or similar chain-- you know what you're going to get. Pleasantly surprised.
3	I enjoyed dinner here. The service here is pretty amazing. Never a moment when you're left looking around for a server. I lucked out and got Josh as my server. He was wonderful. I explained to him that I was just visiting the area and had never been to the White Chocolate Grill. He immediately offered me a complimentary bowl of gin tomato soup. All I can say is - AMAZING! Definitely ask for Josh.Initially I ordered the Ono with a mango shrimp relish as my main entree. I was over cooked, so I sent it back and opted for the balsamic ribeye. I really enjoyed the flavor but it became tough at the end. Not to worry, I would definitely give this place another try.
3	My hopes for White Chocolate were high, especially upon walking into the place. The decor is very nice, and the staff are attentive  After dining here one word sums it up:  meh.   The waiters do a good job of refilling beverages, but this doesn't make up for the lackluster fare. The spinach dip was so-so (ask for a side of raw veggies to accompany it). Our entrees were the biggest disappointment. When I asked my waiter what was better, the classic chicken salad or the veggie burger, he said the latter. He wasn't convincing.  I asked about the minted green beans, he responded "they're not my favorite, but I eat them all the time."  Okay...points for honesty. the most impressive part of the place is the bar.  It's gorgeous.  I could see myself lounging around here for a couple hours, soaking up the atmosphere, enjoying good company...if only food lived up to this standard.  It was a decent experience, nothing to rave about.  Meh.
5	This is by far one of my most favorite restaurants.  Their ahi tuna appetizer is better than most Sushi restaurants, the service is always great.  I think they have the best hamburger and fries in town.  However, I love their ribs.
5	The list of things that makes this place awesome can go on and on.  The service is top notch, you will never be in need of anything.  The food, beyond outstanding. I LOVE the Filet Mignon Chopped Salad.  This salad will move you, it is unlike any other.  I took a friend there the other day, boasting about this salad, and he was impressed.  Yes, it's a man friendly salad as well.  The ingredients are fresh and crispy and let me tell you about the dessert.  We had the White Chocolate Brownie, which was beyond amazing.  The place is usually pretty packed, so it can be a bit loud but there is ample seating both inside and out.  Overall love the place, it is a bit pricey spent $60 on lunch for 2 people so heed that warning but aside from that, it's AMAZING.
4	went to the bar during HH, had a pear martini.   EXCELLENT..had one of their egg roll type appetizers.  great as well.  a bit spicy but that's just me so don't take that as i didn't like it.  both were wonderfully presented.  have been here on occasion..nvr been disappointed.
3	We have dined at WCG about 20 times in the past and it has usually been a consistently good experience, regarding service and quality of food.Fast forward to tonight.....our 7th anniversary.  Hubby says lets go celebrate at WCG.. Usually this would be an instant YES....but after our last visit there, I am reluctant and hesitant to go, but willing to give it another try.................Wait staff is always excellent and attentive.  We always order the same meal.  Mine is Salmon (perfectly grilled salmon)... Hubby is French dip sandwich with fries. I order a 1/2 salad this time and broccoli ...al dente' which I have to explain to the watiress is just barely cooked and crisp (after a blank stare when I say Al dente').Dinner is served...............no salad, and the broccoli is overcooked and mushy, with way too much seasoning and not acceptable.  Salmon is getting smaller and smaller each visit as is hubby's sandwich which is the incredible shrinking machine, along with miniscule fries that used to be heaping!!Hello waitress.............the broccoli is not acceptable and with apologies, another order of broccoli appears by another server we have never seen before.  The difference in what was served with the fish and the plate brought out is huge!!  I ask to see the manager because the difference is worth noting.   She agrees with our issues and apologizes as well as agreeing it was not up to standards.We finish our meal and the waitress approaches and acknowledges our anniversary and offers a desert.  We refuse as we were not planning on having desert and were full.  She brings us the bill and they have taken off the dinner, only charging for the drinks.  Now we feel guilty as we told the manager we did not expect anything other than knowing we could come here and have a great consistent dinner as we have experienced in the past.  We pay the bill and tip for the full amount.  Waitress is busy and possibly avoiding us?  Not sure, but feeling pretty uncomfortable by now.Will we come back.... hmm, good question.... I guess trying for the third time is the charm type of thing is what we will strive for, but at this moment, not too sure.Question????  Why is it so difficult to have quality control in the kitchen??  Maybe if the person taking the order would also serve the food, they could make certain the order was filled properly and the customer was satisfied.  That might help.  Like I said before, the service has always been good, Just wish the quality of the food would remain what it has been in the past.
5	Great food and a great atmosphere!  I have been celiac for about a year now and TWCG has a great gluten-free menu too!  Love it!Dr. Michael L. Johnson
5	Had lunch with friends and of course we were not disappointed. WCG is consistently good. Service and food terrific. We all has the Filet Mignon Chopped Salad. Yumm!!!!  I highly recommend WCG to everyone anytime!Another one of my fav's is the Maytag Burger...absolutely delicious!Go Visit White Chocolate Grill...you will NOT be disappointed...!Tell them Van sent you!
5	Everything I've had here is wonderful.  The service is wonderful.  The ambiance is comfortable.They recently added guacamole to the appetizers and I'll tell you what, I think its one of the best ones I've had outside of my own.I crave the Spit Roasted Turkey Melt.  It really does melt in your mouth.  Wish I had one now.I've enjoyed the Tomato Gin Soup, Filet Mignon Cobb Salad, Classic French Dip and Rotisserie Chicken Crepes.  All wonderful.Sides I like: Israeli Couscous, Fresh-Cut Fries and Freshly Mashed Potatoes.
2	Upscale bar and restaurant (like Yardhouse).  The interior is dark, zen, with modern touches.  The food was forgettable.  I tried the ribs (fall off the bones, but sauce was too smokey and sweet - $21 ish), bbq bacon burger with fries (burger was nothing special and the fries were thin and crispy; meh - $12) french dip sandwich (bread was soggy and meat was flavorless; meh - $12), WCG brownie (blonde brownie with white and brown chocolate sauce topped with a scoop of vanilla ice cream; meh - $7), and the banana cream pie (home made granola crust that is crisp and not crunchy; meh - $7).Other important info: abundant parking, server had to nearly scream the daily specials because the place was too loud, bathroom stalls have frosted glass doors, this place is located in SCOTTSDALE.
5	YUMMMMM.  Love this place.
5	One of my my favorite salads is at the White Chocolate Grill. The Filet Mingon Cobb Salad is FANTABULOUS and DELICIOUS!! Their seasonal Pumpkin Cheesecake is the best cheesecake I have ever eaten and wish they had it all year (except I would gain a few pounds). Their other food is also very tasty, great service and ambiance! Not a place for groups though, they only have booths...  highly recommend you try White Chocolate Grill though... It's fabulous!
4	Fun restaurant for lunch or dinner, we went for early dinner and had a 35 minute wait.  We sat outside around the firepit then went into the bar and waited for a first come seat in the lower area.  Started out with ribs, fabulous, egg rolls, fabulous and spinach/artichoke dip, fabulous.  Tomato gin soup recommended on Yelp was fabulous as stated.  I had the crab cakes, they were not the best I have had,but not the worst.  Hubby had the Ahi tuna salad and like it.  Great place for parties, meeting with friends are just having a date night.  Will definately be back
5	YUM! Nuff Said!
3	I went to White Chocolate Grill for my birthday this year and was slightly disappointed. The restaurant has a great appearance but I thought it would be more upscale for its name and location. It reminds me a lot of Yard House with its burger, appetizer and salad options. I didn't have room for dessert so I couldn't try the chocolate souffle I had my heart set on. The food and service was great but my experience was average.
1	They don't do take out between 6-9 on the weekends bc of how busy they are...REALLY?
2	Dark, mysterious and sultry inside and out, but lacks that passion, that soul, that oomph.  Wanna be upscale, but you can't dress up a boring personality.  Ultimately just your cookie cutter chain restaurant.  Beautiful decor, menu is just bland and limited compared to the variety you'd get a CAKE or Yardhouse.  Southwestern egg roll appetizers were nothing special (can't beat CAKE avocado egg rolls). Had a unmemorable french dip.  Really wanted some mashed potatoes w/ some gravy, but their special gravy is basically just like a runny au jus.Service was decent, but sadly can't make up for the unexciting grub.  Eat here if: You like driving a Prius around a racetrack.
4	Big Juicy Gourmet Burger melted cheese with bacon  crumbles underneath. salted golden shoestring fries that compliment the juicy thick patty of beef well. The beef is ground on site so i enjoyed a medium rare burger. Very delicious.   On the bar is a "Whisky Book", filled with about 20 diffferent whisky's.  If you like Bourbon's or Whisky's this is enough reason to go. Wish they had a few more beers, but i have a feeling i've only scratched the surface here.  burger was $9, beer was $4 on hh.
2	So long wcg from a longtime diner.  Yes I'm breaking up with you.  Your ingredients aren't the same quality.  Your new menu items are crap (honestly' was that tortilla soup or tomato soup?)  The changes might make your new geriatric crowd happy, but not me, your longtime customer.  Your cocktails may still be top notch, but cocktails don't make a fulfilling relationship, do they?  Have a great life.
3	It had been eons since we were at the WCG, but somehow it seemed like a good choice as with our party of four, we all wanted something different and the WCG menu delivered. First of all, let me proclaim that I was SHOCKED at how busy they were at 5:30 on a Monday night. They must be doing something right.There was nothing particularly bad about our experience there, but then again, there was nothing that stood out either.  Some of the highlights:My friend had the Famous Grilled Chicken Salad and she was thoroughly delighted by the quality of the chicken.The french fries that accompanied the burgers were thin-cut, crispy, not at all greasy and very tasty.The squash soup was delicious.They managed to cook my salmon on the rare side!The low lights:My husband's burger was cooked medium instead of medium rare.They didn't serve bread before dinner, but I didn't bother to ask for it either.They cleared plates before everyone was done (my pet peeve).The waiter who brought my cocktail said "You'll love this one . . . " It was exactly the opposite for me; I hated it.The mashed potatoes that accompanied my salmon were watery.No one has any real enthusiasm, from the hostesses to our various servers . . . pretty dull.Not a huge disappointment, but an overall blah experience.  Now I know why I waited so long to go back!
5	After reading the 1-3 star reviews on this place, I am beginning to wonder if we ate at the same place!?DH and I went in at 4:00 on a Sunday - neither of us hungry but both of us unwilling to miss a chance to (finally) eat here.  We live in the wild, wild west and north Scottsdale is just NOT on my food rotation.So... the menu.  We couldn't pick an app - there were so many good choices!  It is usually the opposite for me because I am so picky.  We decided to stick with apps because neither of us were hungry enough for a sandwich or other meal.He ordered the chicken egg rolls (pretty sure there was more descriptor, but I forgot it) and they were PLENTIFUL (I think six?) and HOT and delicious.I ordered the homemade guac.Let it be known - I love my OWN homemade guac, so this was a real test.It was SO fresh and SO amazing - just the right amount of cilantro and just the right size of avocado pieces.We ordered the white chocolate raspberry cheesecake to go.  The white chocolate literally melts in your mouth - worth every freakin' calorie.Our drinks were never down more than 2 inches (a biggie for the hubs).If we lived closer we'd probably go biweekly... too bad we need a small plane to beth there from home.
4	I was visiting Scottsdale and wanted to try someplace new.  I noticed that the White Chocolate Grill was nearby and had wonderful reviews so we decided to check it out.  What a wonderful surprise!  The decor is cozy and chic.  The outdoor entryway patio has a very inviting fire pit around which people were sharing bottles of wine.  We each had the pyramid hefeweisen and the chips and guacamole, which were very good.  The waiter noticed that we ran low on chips and brought us more without us having to ask. I the seared ahi tuna appetizer as my entree.  It was perfectly cooked, and the portion was so large it was definitely enough for an entree.  My dining partner had the balsalmic ribeye with the Israeli couscous, which was fantastic.  For dessert we had the chocolate souffle cake which, like all chocolate souffle cakes, was delicious.  I would definitely recommend trying this place out.
5	I went here in Valentines Day, third time I have been here, started by going to the bar for happy hour. The place is always busy for dinner on Friday nights. They have some very good martini's, I'm a gin drinker and they use tanqueray for their martini's. The caprese salad is a good appetizer.I love there french dip, I a meat sandwich guy, and am always on a lookout for these. They have this down. The Banana Desert the the white chocalate shavings is really good finish. The services is really good, only one time at the bar, the bartender couldn't keep up on the ordering, didn't work a good uniform method of serving everyone, kind of favored the middle seated patrons.
3	This type of restaurant concept has been done to death...mediocre bar-and-grill food, nice decor, with a white-chocolate variation on the theme.  The service is decent, but these kind of restaurants are a dime a dozen...no real character.  Someone could put up a sign with "Cheesecake Factory" or "CPK" the next day, and people would probably hardly notice.  The benefits of going to a place like this though, is that it's bland enough that it wouldn't offend anyone if you have a larger group.Their one unusually unique appetizer though was their tomato gin soup...honestly never had anything like it, and that was interesting enough with a nice kick.  I was hoping for same kick in their bread budding, and was quite disappointed.
4	Oh dear God, people should NOT compare this to CPK or Cheesecake Factory. Yeah, okay, it's themed around white chocolate. Does that make it bad? No. WCG serves decent food in a nice atmosphere that doesn't give off the mass produced feel of those other places.And just to clear things up, only the desserts incorporate the namesake ingredient. You won't be seeing any white chocolate shavings on your filet. Last night we had the chicken madeira, the blackened fish sandwich, and a chicken caesar salad. For dessert we tried the white chocolate raspberry cheesecake. Overall everything was pretty good. The chicken and fish were cooked perfectly. The madeira sauce on the chicken was thick with mushrooms. The mashed potatoes were different. They have a hint of nutmeg or cinnamon, and the gravy is more of jus with peppery flavor. I liked it, but my brother didn't.The cheesecake was good. Not the best, but good. The graham cracker crust and white chocolate shavings made it. Coulda used more raspberry.I'll be going back. But I will be making a reservation. The wait is pretty crazy on the weekends.
4	yumm for the 2nd time.  went and had the ribs, tomato gin soup without any regrets.  the ribs fell off the bone as they described.  made reservations via yelp which i recommend since it gets super busy for dinner.  the service was great.  will go back.
3	I need to per-qualify this rating by saying that I'm rating this off one dish. Unlike other posts here our server was very respectful and nice.  OK, let's get to it. I had the chicken Madeira. I cook a fabulous chicken Madeira but when I go to a classy place such as this I expect to be wowed. The anticipation was great as the build up came from the surroundings of such a modern restaurant with a very balanced darkness which completed the experience with atmosphere lighting.  You certainly felt upscale. Seeing the rest of my party being served certainly had an impact as their orders were very visually appealing. However, when I was served I found their chicken Madeira leaves a lot to be desired. It was definitely  a let down from first sight which unfortunately continued until the last uneventful bite.  The sauce was bland and not seasoned at all and carried none of the tastes you would expect from such a dynamic dish. While the sauce required more flavor for sure, the three chicken pieces I received were so small I almost laugh out loud, but managed to keep it under my breath. The only thing salvageable were the homemade French fries which I'm convinced you can't really mess that up having deep fried many homemade fries myself.  Didn't justify the $17.00 charge.. no way.    Just saying... stay clear of this dish...
1	Having to ask 4 times for water is never a good sign. Its also not great when your food is delivered after the two tables next you who actually sat down after you ordered already... Seriously, this was bad.  Mediocre food, poor service and a manager that just didn't care... Bad combo. I won't be back
2	My hubby and I were in the area and saw this place had good reviews so we gave it a go.Why does this place have 4 star reviews, let alone 5?!Place was packed, ambiance was pleasing but service reminded me of being on a commission-based sales floor with how many people/times interrupted our 25 minute visit. Now on to the food...Cold mashed potatoes in water... I mean gravy - we thought maybe they were trying something avant-garde but nope, they were in fact cold mashed potatoes which were quickly - I assume - microwaved since they were returned to our table in about 2 minutes.Soggy blackened fish burger with bun and condiment quality akin to In-N-Out Burger (I'm not exaggerating - check out the pics).Watery cream-based gin tomato soup (house specialty).  Wish I had something to rave about here.So I figured out what the 4 star rating is for: the ambiance and PRICE (too expensive for this quality of food)!  There are so many great restaurants of similar pricing in Scottsdale - I recommend you head to one of those and pass by the White Chocolate Grill.
4	Good food assisted by great servers.  Try the bread pudding dessert which is In my all time top three.
3	There are two types of experiences you can have here; very good personalized weekDAY service, and very rushed and sterile crappy weekEND service.Most recently my mom and I came here on a Friday, we made reservations and were seated right at the reservation time. It was very busy so I definitely recommend the reservation.Our server was nice and smiled a lot but I have no idea what her name was and she had the personality of a beer coozy,  helpful but not necessary. She was obviously very busy because we were greeted by one person, had our drinks dropped off by someone else, she took our order and then another new person dropped the food off. The food was okay. Nothing amazing, but good. We ended up taking some home as leftovers. If your dish comes with a sauce that you would like to take home, you have to ask them for a separate container, they only bring you the one box for everything.About $25 each for one entree and one glass of wine. I'm not rushing back any time soon.
4	I have eaten here several times most recently about a month ago.  They occasionally have a Pulled Pork Sandwich Special that is one of the best sandwiches of this type that I have ever had and that's saying a lot coming from an Iowa Hog Farmer.  IT SHOULD BE ON THE MENU THAT MIGHT GET UM 5 STARS.  Kinda funny but last time I was there we were sitting by the bar and the waiter accidentally hit the wall with the plate and dropped the hot sandwich on my leg and the floor.  I damn near chewed my leg off.  HaHa.  You could tell he was very embarrassed but there was no way I was leaving until I finished my delicious treat.  So I simply cleaned myself off and waited for the replacement.  The atmosphere is casual comfortable and dressy all at once so thats cool.  Great place to bring your significant other.  Highly Recommended.
2	White Chocolate Grill = Heaven's Waiting RoomThere are more old people crammed in here than the dining hall in a Geezer Ghetto on Bingo night.  Food is PRICEY and bland.  Think of a Piccidilly or Wyatt's or Luby's cafeteria with nice decor and table side service.I will say this - they do a fantastic job at what they do.  It just isn't my cup of tea.  If you like OLD and BORING, you might give this place a solid 4 stars.  Just not my scene.
2	A much anticipation of a return trip to WCG,and I must say I was terribly disappointed. For starters, we HAD a reservation and it still took us 40 minutes (and several inquiries) to get our table..... Once seated, a good 10 minutes passed before our server came to our table. Had to ask for water refills. The food, while good was a bit pricey (accept for the dessert, I will say it was yummy)Sadly, I will not be returning here anytime soon.
5	Weekend plans prevented me from kicking off AZ Restaurant Week on Saturday. So on Monday, Venyse and I headed to White Chocolate Grill where we both had our cherries popped.We started out with the spinach artichoke dip. The blends of cheeses made this perhaps the single most spectacular dip I've ever had the honor of putting in my mouth. O.M.G. Venyse and I were practically clawing at the bowl to get the last of its creamy loveliness. But when you hit a home run so soon in the game, the rest of a meal can seem at odds.However, I was not daunted. She ordered the New York Strip with a side of mashed potatoes (with good gravy...what exactly is that?) and roasted carrots; I the blackened Mahi [*back story to follow] topped with crab and a side of Israeli couscous. We didn't share our protein, but we sampled each others sides. All were very good, but the carrots really stood out. The gravy and the potatoes were good and I loved my couscous. But halfway through here steak and by the last few bites of my fish, we both hit the wall. A food coma was certain. I persevered but Venyse relented and boxed the rest of her meat and carrots.Then came the white chocolate brownie. So sweet, so rich, so topped with vanilla ice cream. It was all we could to to make a dent in it. We both felt bad, because isn't white chocolate supposed to be their signature ingredient? Regardless, this was a terrific first restaurant to go with which to begin. And we both agreed it would be a place in our future dinner splurges. I also must admit I love LOVE the belt buckles. Having about 42 myself, I was intrigued when I first noticed what I thought read "SWAG" after staring for perhaps too long in that general region of one of the staff. (Really super sorry if that creeped you out.) It's actually WCG.[* When a group of us went to Key West one December to escape of the harsh winter of NWOhio and Detroit, we went to a restaurant the listed "Dolphin" as one of its menu items. I asked in a slightly shocked voice if it was really dolphin, to which the server responded it was actually Mahi. 'Oh,' I responded. 'Then I'll have the veggie burger.' Because even in 1998 I was a food bitch.]
4	Food was amazing! The staff was great! Prices not bad for what it is. Little bit loud in there, but it was packed and a Saturday evening. Had the special,steelhead. Holy Smokes it was awesome! Wife had ribs,very good. Didn't blow me away, but very good none the less. I would recommend making a reservation and getting your behind in there.
4	Came here for restaurant week and I very much dug the decor. Especially the wall of bottled spirits. That was kinda kickass and the only thing it was missing was one of those rolling library ladders.The food itself was alright but nothing mind-blowingly spectacular. For appetizers, we had the chips and spinach artichoke dip which was extremely cheesy and creamy but not overpoweringly so. An excellent appetizer, I must say.Next was the entree. I ordered the blackened mahi. It was topped with crab meat and tomato creole. Didn't really taste much of the creole sauce but the crab meat was pretty good. The mahi itself was kinda bland and didn't have much flavor. A friend ordered the citrus-glazed soy salmon or something and I had a bite of that and it was pretty good! But on the side, the honey-roasted carrots were super awesome. They were soft, gooey but not mashed gooey, sweet, and just very flavorfull.And finally dessert, the white chocolate brownie was quite good. Complex in its design and presentation but simple in its taste. But sometimes, simplicity tastes excellent! What we have is essentially a brownie topped with a scoop of vanilla ice cream and ribbon-like shavings of white chocolate. Can't go wrong with that, yeah?So in the end, I'd give this place a 3.5 stars. The food, while good, wasn't spectacular and my mahi was kinda bland. But the dessert and the decor made up for it and it's a neat little place to take a lady out on a date to. Yay!
4	Bobby runs a great operation. Other than the enchiladas, I have never had a meal that I didn't like.
4	Atmosphere is nice. Very popular restaurant, a lot of people were waiting on Friday night. Waiters are all nice! Entree is OK. Dessert is fantastic!!
4	This is one of our favorites and last night was no different. Glad we made reservations because it was quite crowded. Very friendly and capable staff makes dining here very enjoyable.
5	They have a really cool bar and "desserts for two" (um yeah right for two) that were amazing. We got the blondie brownie with vanilla bean ice cream, chocolate sauce, and white chocolate shavings. Dessert for two? I beg to differ. Or maybe it was just my inner fat kid talking but I could've downed the whole thing on my own.  If you're in the area and you're looking for a nicer place to have dinner, especially dessert then this is your place. I'll definitely be going again...once I can find an excuse to go.
4	I never thought much of this place from the outside but the inside is really well done. I will keep this short and simple.. their happy hour is great and you MUST try the ribs. You get a half rack (which was a huge half rack) and fries for $6.99. The meat falls off the bone and it is tender and juicy with a sauce that is incredible. I also enjoyed the $6 martini.  You can get 20 oz beers for $4 as well. I will be going back to try a  full meal next time.
5	The name of the restaurant intrigued me and so I gave it a try to see what it was all about.  We've been here four times and even brought out of town guests here who also enjoyed the place.A few things that we've tried so far:Fresh guacamole- served with warm tortilla chips and a side of salsa. The guacamole was definitely made fresh as you can tell from the taste and color. The tortilla chips are light and crisp and works very nicely with the creamy guacamole. We liked it so much we ordered this again. Four Cheese Spinach & Artichoke Dip- served with warm tortilla chips. This is one of their more popular appetizers so I gave it try.  Maybe it was an off day when I ordered it, I found it very salty...probably won't order this again.WCG Bacon Blue Cheese Salad- assorted mixed greens, blue cheese bits, bacon, candied nuts and red onion with a light vinagrette. I ordered this as a side salad and I was actually pleasantly surprised how great this tasted. Yum!Fish of the day- Steelhead trout with herb sauce and fried shrimp with a side of vegetables.  I ordered this and was surprised that the trout tasted and looked a lot like salmon. The waiter mentioned that this particular trout had a similar lifestyle as it swam from the ocean to the river to spawn.  There was a creamy herbal sauce and a smattering of crispy fried shrimp on top.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/UE3AvVnaPEBPneVahYT2eA?select=tF2C4TMHcohGdMiZ3EEIcw#FNWVAqP8NlvZ4Hm1TIR5RgBalsamic Ribeye - ribeye that is infused with balsamic vinegar and grilled. This was an item that one of the waiters recommended on our second visit. He recognized and welcomed us back again. This is a nice option for a twist on regular grilled steak. The balsamic vinegar has a nice tang and sweetness to it as it is caramelized over an open fire.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/UE3AvVnaPEBPneVahYT2eA?select=tF2C4TMHcohGdMiZ3EEIcw#tRk182jI0MgeSm8WpHz4pgRotisserie Chicken Crepes - crepes filled with spinach and mushrooms & topped with Madeira sauce & parmesan cheese. I ordered this the 2nd time we went to WCG. It sounded interesting and I decided to give it a try. I would give it a 3 out of 5.  Maybe it was the parmesan cheese but the sauce was too salty for my liking. It wasn't so bad that I would send it back, but I probably wouldn't be inclined to order it again anytime soon.Prime Rib-slow roasted with au jus. Delicious! They have prime rib after 4 pm and I think on holidays as I well. We went again on Father's Day and the waiter mentioned that they will be serving prime rib all day.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/UE3AvVnaPEBPneVahYT2eA?select=tF2C4TMHcohGdMiZ3EEIcw#VpmZd5AfZmF4vExYIM_dowSave room as their desserts are quite good.White Chocolate Banana Cream Pie- the banana cream was smooth and creamy and there were slices of banana and ribbons of white chocolate on top. However, the best part was the graham cracker and granola crust. Highly recommend this dessert!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/UE3AvVnaPEBPneVahYT2eA?select=tF2C4TMHcohGdMiZ3EEIcw#vy0bhfeJMAHo4pfvpTZ_YAWhite Chocolate Raspberry Cheesecake - the cheesecake was a generous piece and was drizzled with raspberry sauce and caramel sauce. This was probably one of the best cheesecake I've had in a while. It doesn't compare the cheesecake from the "Cheesecake factory." This cheesecake was silky smooth, creamy and surprisingly not very sweet. Highly recommend this dessert too! lol.Freshly Baked Apple Pie a la mode- the waiter told us that this dessert takes about 10-15 minutes as they need to bake the crust and since we weren't in a hurry we waited. Sliced apples sprinkled with cinnamon filled a round flaky pastry and there was a scoop of vanilla ice cream and was drizzled with caramel sauce.  This was pretty good dessert if you like something similar to an apple tart.Regarding the waitstaff Devin was great. He was attentive but not intrusive. However, on Father's day for lunch, another waiter who served us was less experienced and less attentive. It wasn't particularly busy that day either, maybe he was new and in training.  My friend and I both ordered the balsamic ribeye on Father's Day. She ordered her's medium but when it came out, it was more like well done. We mentioned it to our waiter and he promptly brought it back to the kitchen. In about 10 minutes or so, I think it was the manager who brought the entree to my friend. He asked her to cut into the steak to make sure it was cooked properly and it was.I would definitely call ahead to make a reservation as this place does get busy.
3	Funny, I didn't remember going to this place until I saw I did a review over five years ago.  Good place, very aggressive on the customer service.  They followed us in and asked if we had been there before.  When we said no, they asked if we had questions on the menu.  We had not even taken our seats yet, so we politely said, um, we haven't seen the menu yet.
4	Their quinoa veggie burger is the best veggie burger I've had in a long time. It's not dry, it's flavorful and has texture to it. This is a place where I consciously choose to make room for dessert. The bread pudding is amazing, it's light, it's fluffy, it's sweet but not *just* sweet. You know how some desserts just seem to have only one taste setting and they might as well have brought you a huge pile of sugar? The souffle is delicious as well. Nice atmosphere,  relaxed but classy.
4	Wait until summer to come here, when the winter crowds have finally subsided.On any given weekend during the summer, usually between one and five, you can waltz in, take practically any seat in the house and enjoy a few glasses of wine prior to your movie at the nearby Harkins 101.If you decide to have appy's, the guacamole is fresh and creamy, not overloaded with lime juice or spices. In other words, the taste of the avocado is strong and delicious.Their salsa is also very good.Fire roasted and mildly hot, it has a hint of sweetness, I presume from the veggies caramelizing during the roasting process.Tortilla chips are light, warm and crispy.It should be noted how the guacamole portion is fairly large, I'm guessing at least 1-1/2 cups worth.In short, this is a nice place to while away the time, where the drinks, appys, ambiance and service are all well above average.
5	Have been a couple of times now and have ever been disappointed.  Honestly, the main reason I went back is their desert, and specifically, their bread pudding - I DO NOT LIKE bread pudding, but this one is to die for - it is frigging awesome.  They use croissants - OMG.Anyway, their regular food is good too - steak sandwich, salads etc, but just make sure you leave room for the bread pudding.Service is always good and just love looking at the bar as well - it is so pretty.
4	The manager contacted me after reading my review, suggesting how reservations are available and how this could help with not limiting my visits to only the summer.The truth is, I don't like crowds, or the noise that belongs to them.I like empty restaurants that make me feel like King Fahd himself, as the staff showers me with attention.I like that the server isn't rushed, and will take time to tell us how her homophobe boyfriend refuses to accompany her to the movie 'Magic Mike'. \And I like that I can have a conversation about anyone and everyone I know, talking more smack than a Navajo code-talker, my decibel level ever ascending and tethered to my alcohol consumption, while never having to worry who's within earshot.(The downside of being a native Phoenician...always running into people you know)The fact is, sometimes I enjoy the solitude of an empty restaurant. White Chocolate is a busy place during the winter, less during the summer, but almost always during peak times of the day.It's comforting to be able to enjoy a nice place like this, and have it all to yourself during non-peak hours. Thanks anyway WC Manager, but I really like you best at certain times. Like Sundays...in the summertime...at three o'clock in the afternoon.
4	I've been here a few times and have always found it so-so.  Our past visit rocked my socks!  The mojito was delicious - wonderful balance of mint, lime, sugar and rum.  My steak was a tad pricey but it too was delicious.  It's a bit on the spendy side but I'd definitely go again.
5	I have eaten here about 6 times and I have loved every meal. The atmosphere as another review said is elegant and casual. But the food is the best, I've had chicken enchiladas, Rib Eye steak, Hamburger that was to die for, Jambalaya, Mahi, and a few other things that I can't remember. And all the deserts are to die for. This place rocks!
4	The white chocolate martini is great! The crab cakes are good but the place is a little over priced in general. I prefer to visit for happy hour when I can make it. If not the drive is still worth one of the best martinis ever.
1	I've had several bad experiences here.  While I've really enjoy the food they serve, that was the end of the good experience.  The staff is rude and for all the attitude they still messed up their jobs.  I'd rather go anyplace else.  Thanks!
5	If you're using Yelp to find a restaurant you obviously haven't eaten here - and if you haven't eaten here at least once, you must!It's not even a burger place, but The Maytag Burger will crush any bacon/blue cheese burger you have ever had. The Israeli couscous is unusual and excellent. The food is incredibly flavorful but tastes fresh. I HIGHLY recommend to anybody who wants to go somewhere "new" with great food and some unique options without going off the deep end into "crazy-unique".Prices are ~$10 - $20 per entree.
4	Very enjoyable. The BBQ Bacon Cheeseburger is awesome and tastes a lot more sophisticated than its name suggests. Ribs are amazing too. My Dad has a hankering for their blue cheese martini which sounds odd, and is, but he says they're good.
5	My wife and I were in town for a meeting and found the WCG on Yelp. Made a reservation through the Yelp app and it worked great - and would highly recommend a reservation on the weekend.  I had the center cut filet and it was amazing! My wife (also an obligate carnivore) had the bleu cheese crusted filet and, while good, I think the bleu cheese actually distracted from an amazing steak. The white chocolate-raspberry cheesecake was outstanding! And the Dean martini was pretty well done. Highly recommend.
5	We decided to make the trip to No. Scottsdale today to have lunch at WCG, as it had been recommended by a couple of my coworkers.  It's pretty far for us, but I wanted to see what the place is about since I had been told so much about it.I pretty much live off of grilled meat.  More specifically, grilled chicken, steak, and salmon. So when I saw the menu item at WCG called "perfectly grilled salmon" I was like 'yeah right it's going to be just as boring as salmon is everywhere else.'    But was I ever wrong.  It is just exactly that: perfectly grilled.  It's crispy on the outside and just right in the center. It is so good that I am inclined to go back and find out how they do it.  My Fiance had the baby back ribs, which she said were about a "7," which for her is pretty good.  We also had the white chocolate brownie which was very rich and delicious, but probably not good enough to warrant the calories.The prices are reasonable, especially for a nice restaurant in Scottsdale. The ambiance is nice and upscale and it would make a great place for second date with someone you are trying to impress.
5	This place was really, really good. So good I would drive from Gilbert to go again. I had the prime rib and it was excellent! The dessert was also amazing.
5	Two words: Balsamic Ribeye.
4	always friendly service and good food.  I like the atmosphere.  It's not too crowded to feel you have a little privacy...and it's not too noisy to have a conversation.
5	I love WCG! It's one of my favorites in the valley. The Quinoa Burger is amazing, it's a must try!
4	Visited many times! Filet mignon Cobb salad never disappoints and always, always order the glazed carrots with and entree.  The dip sandwich is also a favorite! Usually very consistent as far as service and quality.  Can't wait to go back!!
5	This place really is as good as it gets.   I don't really understand how anyone can give this place any less than 5 stars.   Lets start off with walking in.....The place is great...warm and cozy, beautifully decorated,  very clean.   The kitchen has the open glass view so you can see the kitchen staff working.   The hostesses are very attentive along with the wait staff.  You can tell the place has great management.  And now for the food.   Its delicious.   From the appetizers to desserts this place is 5 stars.   one main thing I love about WCG is that the food is always consistent.   I hate certain places where you order something and it comes out good one time and the second time it tastes different or not as good.   Not with WCG.  Its always great.   And the desserts are to die for.  Especially the white chocolate brownie.  I read a review on here where someone said "I know its the white chocolate grill, but cant they have something other than white chocolate for dessert"  How could you write that?  You go to a place called the white chocolate grill and your gonna complain about the white chocolate desserts?  Whats next?! are you gonna go to an italian restaurant and complain cuz they serve pasta?  Are you gonna go to a steakhouse and complain cuz they serve steaks?   Next time don't order dessert.   This place is fantastic.  Decor, ambiance, service, and Food.   A plus!
4	This is a pretty solid joint. A little pricey, but it's worth it if you're eating with the right folks. The summer corn salad was the 5-star feature of this meal in my view. It occasionally happens that a side dish outshines the main attraction, and this definitely fit the bill.  Not that my main dish was bad: the chicken crepes had a pretty catchy sauce to them, and they were cooked really nicely.  The place was a little noisy, but that's a fair price to be paid. Yum.
4	I cleaned up early from Saturday's honey-do's and, left the Michigan Notre Dame game early to come here....and for what?Happy Hour ends at 5 on weekends. What a waste.I probably shouldn't be grousing, it did get me out of some weekend chores so that's not all bad and as it turned out, the game was on in the bar. Double bonus.Last night's activities began with two twenty-ounce Lagunitas for 6.25 each. Along with the beers were chips and guacamole followed by a salad topped with ahi, and all of this followed by a short walk to Harkins 101 for a movie. Date night...arghh.The salad and the guac are chart-toppers. Loved 'em both. It's also important to mention how getting here by five insures you'll get a table in the bar, this so you can ignore your wife and watch the Michigan, Notre Dame game.It gets better.You can also watch the bar crowd file in during your stay as they scout for an empty table. Well fuck 'em dry.They should have dropped whatever it was they were doing, gotten cleaned up at four o'clock like I did, missing almost thirty minutes of the game like I had to. They can stand there all night staring at my empty plate and my unpaid bill for all I care. I'm not moving til this game's over or five minutes until the movie starts, whichever comes first.I probably shouldn't have included my going to a movie afterwards in this review since it really has nothing to do with my WC experience, but I did want to warn my bro's about ingesting 40 ounces of Lagunitas, chips and guac, and a big tuna salad. It's a triumvirate of fart cookery and WILL produce some major room-clearing farts....the kind you TASTE at the mall.... the day after Thanksgiving. Although, I wasn't too bummed out pumping out heaters during the movie. This was mainly because of the jerky bitch in front me who kept slamming her chair into my knees each time she was frightened. I hope she huffed each and every one of them. No, wait, you know what... I hope she tasted them before smelling them. Ha!Ha! Ha!My knee still hurts. What an a-hole. Thanks White Chocolate for unknowingly supplying me with ordinates.
2	Sure the food is low in price, but it is also cheap in quality. They cover everything with made up unhealthy sauces. The service was annoyingly attentive, the "ambiance" music was distracting. Overall a place that wants to be super fancy but leaves much to be desired. "Different" traditional food is an oxymoron for a reason.
3	They do a pretty good Houston's impersonation. Highlight is the roasted chicken.
5	Went here for our anniversary dinner. Great place. Food was great! The pumpkin cheese cake was a surprise. My wife loves pumpkin and I hate it but I ate most of it. Be sure to make reservations!
4	So I met a friend there for dinner last night and the joint was jumpin'!  i was absolutely floored by the tomato soup...OMG, it was just delicious!  I also had the sesame tuna for my main course...it was only OK, cooked too much for my taste.  It's a cute place and the staff is really well trained so that was really a nice treat.  I don't know if I will make this a regular since it's so far away but it has potential.  NOW, if they had a good happy hour, it might become a stop.  Just sayin'
4	The name is completely deceiving.  When my friend mentioned this spot as a place to have dinner at,  I imagined a chocolate fondue place with a chocolate waterfall to greet me at the entrance to the restaurant (don't ask me why about the waterfall).The best way to describe the decor and the type of food served at The White Chocolate Grill is...if the Cheesecake Factory and Houston's gave birth to a baby restaurant. I ordered the balsamic ribeye with a side of couscous. My friend ordered the trout with a side of couscous. In a nutshell, our server was efficient :) the food was good :)  the decor was nice :) but there wasn't any cascading chocolate waterfall at the entrance to the restaurant :(
5	AMAZING!!  My husband and I are obsessed.  I always order the ribs and roasted chicken with mashed potatoes.  Ribs fall right off the bone, and the chicken is fabulous!  I would recommend this to anyone who loves effecient service, great food, and a nice atmosphere.
4	The grill was good. Service was pretty good, food was pretty tasty, and the ambiance is nice. We all had something different. I had chicken crepes, very rich, lots of mushrooms, very tasty. Good job. My boyfriend ordered a Prime Rib, which they were out of, and he ended up ordering another steak, which was tasty.My friend had a cobb salad. More items in the salad than lettuce, yummy, good job. Her boyfriend had a prime rib dip. Which is made out of prime rib, which we were told they were out of. I guess it is pre made? Not sure. But the sandwich was really bland, definitely not the best dish on the menu. Now, the mashed potatoes. I was NOT a fan. Who puts nutmeg or cloves in mashed potatoes and doesn't tell a person!?!? I see mashed potatoes and thing, YUM, butter, maybe milk, maybe cream, maybe even garlic. But nutmeg and cloves? Unless you like that, don't order the mashed potatoes. Now, the not so tasty mashed potatoes also came with a hair. Doesn't totally gross me out, but isn't pleasant. I asked for mashed potatoes to go, hoping I would like them later, but nope I did not. However, the manager comped some desserts and whatnot to make up for it. We did not ask for this, so I am assuming he did because we were really nice and easy going about the whole matter. So, although parts of the dishes I would not order again, because of the other food, the service, and the overall care of the manager (generosity as well), I would definitely go back. The desserts we had wereL:A chocolate souffle thing, which was yummy, and a banana thing, which I personally was "meh" about, but my friend LOVED it. Thanks wcg!
5	Good food, service and one of our favorites
4	A little pricey, but delicious!  The salad with the yogurt dressing is amazing (though heavy on dressing so you may want to order it on the side). The Artichoke appetizer I dream about even though it is only available like 1/4 times I go. And the cheesecake...YUM!
3	Cool place with a nice outdoor patio area.  They have a nice selection of whiskeys.  The food and drink are also priced nicely.  Everything is affordable.For my meal I ordered the blue cheese crusted filet.  Instead of mashed potatoes I requested their fresh cut fries.  The steak came prepared as requested, medium rare.  That is always a good start.  The steak was seasoned well and tasty.  My only issue is it was very small.  It might have been 6oz., no more, possibly less.  It was smothered in Maytag blue cheese.  The fries were also solid.  They were shoestring, not my favorite but good for eating with steak.
5	I would've cleaned out what remained of the three desserts for our table if only my 5 coworkers weren't starting to stare at me like I was a starving yeti.Desserts:-Seasonal pumpkin cheesecake, very fluffy with a rare naturally fresh pumpkin flavor, one of the best of its kind-French white chocolate bread pudding, loved the spongy texture and the smooth silky blend of sauces drizzled all over-White chocolate brownie, unique and has my stamp of approval as wellOther dishes:-Blackened mahi topped with crab meat and tomato creole sauce, I don't usually like blackened fish but this one was thoroughly enjoyed-Israeli couscous, unexpectedly delicious, and with the aggressive rate at which I fed myself, I might as well have sniffed the couscous grainsService:-Very good-Our waiter put stars in my eyes after giving us that heavenly pumpkin cheesecake for free since I couldn't decide on a dessert (or 5)
4	Came here on new years eve because I wanted to see their gluten free menu. Im newly diagnosed with celiac disease so Ive been on the hunt for places to eat.I tried their GF grilled artichokes and holy crap were they delicious. Seasoned well with a yummy aioli sauce. Seriously would make a trip way the hell up north just to eat those again.For my entree I had the GF burger. Unfortunately, it was just a burger with no bun, I was kind of hoping it would either be wrapped in lettuce or they would have a GF bread. But, it was good. Their french fries have so much potential, they were shoestring and cooked perfectly, but had almost no seasoning. All they need to do is throw a little seasoning on those puppies and they would be fantastic. Service and management were really great. They gave us a free dessert (GF souffle) because we had a little incident with another patron. It had nothing to do with them, but they apologized for it and gave us the dessert, which I thought was really nice. And the fact that they remembered I was doing the GF thing was really cool. I would definitely go here again and they had a fairly decent size gluten free menu if you need it. :) TVs in the bar area.
5	Excellent service and menu options.  It was a short wait and we were promptly sat and greeted.  All around a great meal and experience!!
5	Always consistent service  and outstanding food
5	This is one of the spots we really enjoy eating at fairly regularly in the North Scottsdale area.The food has always been consistently good. The grilled artichokes appetizer is something we get every time we go and they are always quite enjoyable. Service has always been very good and its one of the few places I order dessert at, always enjoying their bread pudding (which I normally don't like). The dining area is nice and provides a nice atmosphere to enjoy your meal in.If you are looking for a consistent American grill style restaurant in the North Scottsdale area that delivers your money's worth, White Chocolate Grill is a great choice.
5	I took some clients there and it was a nice place for a business lunch. I had the Citrus-Soy Glazed Salmon and the roasted beets with walnuts and goat cheese and it was excellent. It was a nice medium size lunch which is exactly what I wanted. Both my clients had been there before and like the place as well. Next time I'm in the area, I'll go again.
3	We've been to White Chocolate Grill two or three times before this visit. I like the ambiance and I love the food. They have a nice selection to satisfy the vegetarians  and carnivores in my family. The latest visit, however, prompted my us to never return.We made a reservation on the patio since the inside tables for a party of five were already booked. They said the patio was heated and has a fireplace. Great! On arrival, we were seated underneath a spinning ceiling fan next to an idle heater. The waitress tried in vain to fire up the heater and could not turn off the fan. They turned on the overhead heaters for awhile then they mysteriously turned off. Why?The patio was also a little dark; several wall sconces had burned out bulbs. This immediately put us in a bad mood. Although the food was really good, we suffered through dinner with our jackets on. We could not move to the empty table next to the fireplace because it was "reserved." Consequently, the fireplace table was never occupied! White Chocolate Grill - get your act together. Check your lights, heaters, and fans BEFORE you seat people on the patio. The table next to us complained as well so it wasn't just my problem. Perhaps you had unforeseen technical problems. I at least expected an apology from the manager or some freebie for our discomfort. You delivered neither and lost a customer.
1	My husband and I come into the restaurant about twice a month. We love the ambiance and the food. But I cannot help notice the last few times that we have been in there we have heard the general manager talk down to his employees openly in the restaurant. One of the instances happened to be tonight. I happen to be a restaurant manager and this is unacceptable. I will be making sure that the owner will know about my experience tonight. I will not be returning to the restaurant and I will making sure my friends know about this.
5	Stumbled upon this amazing spot on my recent business trip - Everything about it was exceptional. The ambiance is very cool, almost swanky. The highly attentive and well trained staff look like they were hand picked from a J.Crew catalog.  Bar area is stadium seating with cool high ceilings, and comfortable plush  leather seats.  Even the bathrooms were minimalist class in stone grey w/recessed candle cubbies. Food is as amazing as the ambiance - Cajun Chicken sandwich was one of the best I've had. Reportedly good burgers with melted in to patty cheese and salads. It was so good on my last day and given there are many other eateries to try in the area I was drawn back to the same place to see if they could repeat the performance.  They did and it was actually even better - amazing team service - awesome steak and turkey sandwich and some unidentifiably delicious mashed potatoes and mystery gravy. Really impressive - I will be back
4	It was a good experience, only because we were smart enough to get a reservation while the car auction was going on nearby.  My meal was very good, ribs/chicken/pork combo.  My friend got the pork sandwich and her pork was not the same or nearly as good as was in my combo.The prices were a bit high is all.  Pinnacle Peak Patio has as good BBQ food and for half the price.I wouldn't go here again unless my snooty friend wanted to again. .
5	Really good food. Fair prices. Nice decor. Bar area is really nice. Service was solid.Upscale casual in scottsdale
3	This was the second visit made to The White Chocolate Grill- allowing another chance for this popular and well-regarded restaurant to give me a reason to include it in the repertoire of eateries I frequent.I wanted to like the place so much, the name just spoke to me with my love of all things white chocolate, but it seems I will have to find a way to convince myself to give them one more chance to redeem themselves...I'll tell myself that this time I should cut them some slack because it was not only Valentine's Day, but our reservation was so late, at 9:30pm. I'll tell myself that this time I had a migraine and, yeah, we ordered with a few minor changes to accommodate our personal tastes and dietary / allergy needs... (Could she please substitute Monterey Jack for the Pepper Jack and please no mayo on the chicken sandwich... And could I please have either avocado or guacamole instead of the mayo on my burger? Which one? Guacamole, please. Thank you.)Did we get seated fast after arriving early and there being more than a dozen people waiting for seating before us? Was both our hostess and server polite and perform professionally? Did the food arrive quickly and presented nicely? Was the atmosphere pleasant and tasteful? Was the food delicious? All these are "Yes"Was the food prepared correctly? Well, not entirely. The burger was served with avocado rather than the requested AND confirmed guacamole, however, it was also served with the dressing still on it. Minor and easy mistake really, but was really expecting "perfection" after seeing the ruthless corporate efficiency with which this restaurant is run during our short time there. Oh... and the fries (ugh- shoestring), while seemingly homemade, well, they left much to be desired- at least more than the messy scattering of limp, greasy potatoes that adorned our plates (sans the ketchup which one must order with their food- we did).Am I being a tad harsh? Probably. The problem, though, is that my previous visit several years ago was marred by two pretty major issues... My mother chose to treat me to my birthday dinner at WCG- she arrived earlier than I did and was directed that she should sit in the bar area to wait for me. Mom sat directly at the bar top and when asked what she would like to drink, requested a margarita. Her bartender flitted away without further conversation and returned a few moments later with her beverage.I arrived and joined her at the bar top, whereupon I asked what she was drinking, and she informed me a "regular margarita, nothing special"... I inquired whether she had asked for something specific- be it by drink name or alcohol brand / variety- since I had also picked up the tab in front of her to pay it so we could move to a table for dinner and saw a check for nearly $20! She confirmed she had said nothing more than "margarita" and the bartender had not made any suggestions, let alone ask if she wanted something more than a simple "well" margarita. Nice way to take advantage of your guest, not to mention one who is a senior citizen.After paying the tab, we had the hostess arrange a table for us and we were seated promptly. Dinner plans came to a screeching halt within minutes, sadly- I'm a vegetarian and there was nothing, save one salad, the chips & salsa appetizer, and dessert (at the time, not a one made with white chocolate, consequently...) on the menu for me to order. We inquired of our server whether there were any items on the menu which could be made vegetarian-safe and were told, after she had gone to the kitchen to verify, that the menu items I mentioned were the only ones available- others could NOT be modified (?)Needless to say, we left and ended up having a nice meal at The Blue Agave Mexican restaurant in the same complex.So, one star for the first visit, a generous four for the second visit- weighted average of three stars given. Let's hope the third time's a charm...
5	I believe I have reviewed this place in the past but its one of our favorite restaurants in the valley. My personal favorite is the parm crusted fillet. I love it! It comes on a bed of mash so don't order mash!! Order carrots or a different side than mash. Anyways you cat got wrong with anything you order from WCG. The food has never disappointed me or my Wife. We didn't try desert this last time but love apple pie in the past. Please try the Apple Pie...it takes a little while to bal but out of all of the deserts this was our favorite!
5	Has to be one of my favorite places to eat.  I have never had a bad meal or experience, and I have been many many times. Prime rib has to be my fav.
4	Delicious but very pricey, their brownie dessert was amazing!!!
5	Ate here for lunch on a weekday. Parking lot was packed! Although I had been here years prior, I couldn't remember what the bar area looked like, or if it was accommodating for a quick lunch on a weekday. Long bar area with a lot of lone people grabbing lunch, so it was perfect.Asked for the Gluten Free menu and was pleasantly surprised at the selection! I "think" that they may actually make the GF items in a separate area of the kitchen. Had the caprese salad, and it was delicious. Also had Tomato Gin Soup (House Specialty) Fire roasted tomatoes, cream, mushrooms and smoked bacon. Topped with Tanqueray Gin. Both were delish. Only had iced tea, so the bill came out under $20 bucks.Can't wait to go back again for dinner and try some other GF options with a nice glass of wine. Thanks to other Yelpers for letting me know about the GF options here... I never would've known!
2	Do not order a Caesar salad with fillet Mignon.  The fillet had no taste, and was chopped into such small pieces it felt like something I would feed to my dog,  I honestly felt like I was eating something that had been left over from a previous customer.  Major disappointment,.  Our waitress was inattentive as well., as she never returned to us until another staff member reminded her we were there.   My girls  birthday group (9 of us)  have  selected this restaurant for next months (March 16th) birthday luncheon, but I am going to recommend that we find another restaurant.  They are all major foodies having run the Scottsdale Culinary Food Festival for years.  Steak salads are a favorite among my group and I know they will be MAJORLY disappointed.   My daughter chose this restaurant to celebrate her 21st birthday.  2 out of 4 of us did not enjoy our dinners.
5	Very consistant!  Love the WCG Chicken salad & the Tomato Gin soup is AMAZING!  But I can honestly say that everything I have had on the menu has been delish!  Can be a bit of a wait tho, most good things are.  Stand by the bar while waiting as it is first come first served :)
4	I really do save my 5s for OUTSTANDING restaurants.  But WCG deserves a 4.7 or so.  Absolutely delicious and I cant wait to try something else.  We skipped appetizers to make sure we had room for dessert.  I got the bacon burger (over the steak sammich) as the waiter said the burgers were great.  And he was right.  Very fresh, nice seer on the outside and perfectly cooked. very fresh and seasoned well.  The mashed potatoes were good as well.  had a bit of a nutmeg/cinnamon thing goin on with it.  Different, but I liked it.wife had some type of Salmon.  I hate fish, but I tried it since she was raving about it.  It was actually very good and that pains me to say it.  I would actually order it...(if they ran out of red meat).Then comes dessert.  Neither of us are bread pudding fans, but the waiter said it was the best.  He was NOT wrong.  Ive never had bread pudding like this before.  it wasnt mushy at all.  it was a hugemongous, dense, amazing, tasty treat.  the vanilla ice cream was a nice touch although it should have had a bit more of that.  Were goin again this week!
5	This place was incredible. Great service and EXCELLENT food. My wife and I both had the Balsamic steak with veggies. We split a dessert of the white chocolate brownie. This was one of the best dinners we've had in a very long time. Food, drinks, dessert all for less than $80 in a classy environment. You cannot go wrong here.
5	A perfect place to go for an evening out.  Interesting food, great atmosphere and excellent service make it a place I would go back to.
5	I love this restaurant. I order the same thing every time. I wish I could try something different, but I miss my favorites when I am not here. The Steak Cobb Salad, and the Chicken Salad are my favorite. The bread pudding is fantastic, as well as the banana dessert, although I order it with a side of milk chocolate and puddle it all over. Its time for another visit. :)
5	Great food, excellent waiter, Justin, if we are ever in the area again it would be on our list
4	WOW!! Found this great place on Yelp and was so amazed at how delicious! It had a full Gluten Free menu which is hard to come by in 5 star places. Had 3 kids with us, and they loved it and were treated fabulous. We came in late, at 9:00, with a party of 7, which is a nightmare to most places. We were not rushed and felt so welcome. Highly recommend!!!! Loved it!
4	My fiance and I love coming here as often as we can.  It's also where I proposed to her. All of the food is fantastic. Big fan of the pulled pork sandwich with their delicious lemonade.  The salads are also superb, we've gone through the menu pretty extensively trying a lot of the food. Never disappointed! The only reason I won't give the 5th star is due to our issues with making reservations and having to wait for a pretty length amount of time to be seated for two people. Excellent place overall.
4	Family of six went to celebrate Lord's Day.  The place was empty so we were seated immediately.  I would have liked to sit at a table since there was 6 of us but they put us in a huge booth.  Spencer our waiter was real nice but seem a bit nervous.  You can order bread but you must ask for it to get it,  nice hot bread with warm butter plus we had the spinach dip with nachos and the artichoke with cheese.  The artichoke was overpriced @ $10. so do not get it was not worth it, plus had no taste and was very bland.  The filet salad is huge and 2 people can share it, the pork loin was melt in your mouth.  The NY Strip is a solid 10oz and huge.  It was a bit tough, tougher than I am used to so next time I will order the Filet.  I was not happy with the fact that Atlantic Salmon sold for close to $19. and you can buy it for less than $3.00 a pound also the fact they did not tell their customers Atlantic Salmon is farm raised and loaded with chemicals, preservatives and anti-biotics.  No respectable restaurants should even serve farm raised Atlantic salmon, it is very unhealthy and linked to numerous diseases..  I was looking forward to the bread pudding but was very disappointed.  It was very sweet and just okay nothing to rave about.  I have made better bread pudding as well as you can get much better bread pudding else where.  The apple pie dessert is big enough for 4 people - some desserts are bigger than others and some are only big enough for one person. I would go back to try something else, like the chicken crepes or the filet.  The couscous was real good and the first time I had it.  The service was great.  The cost well - for the 6 of us - 5 adults and one child, the children's menu was great - 1/2 slab of ribs, with fries and a drink for only $5.99 - awesome...the total price with tip for the 6 of us was about $200..
4	Went here for my birthday dinner! great happy hour special. Love the steak I had it was cooked to my liking and seasoned prefect! I had a nice glass of wine and dessert wonderful selection. The staff was busy but all seemed to help on another out to make it all work. We will go again.
4	Excellent service and food.  The "Perfectly Grilled Salmon" lived up to its billing.  The White Chocolate Banana Cream Pie was also very good.  We would come here again.
5	I do like White Chocolate a lot.  The food is very consistent and the service is freindly.  I wish they would allow take out on the weekends, as not everone has the energy (quite frankly) to go out to dinner on a friday night, sometimes take out and a movie at home is best, and depending on the day, they don't do take out orders.  other wise I really like the WCG salad and one of the better hamburgers in town!
2	My wife and I stayed at a nearby hotel. I searched yelp to try to find a really good but not excessively expensive place to eat dinner. This place was our choice based on the reviews and we were trying to avoid the drive into the heart of Scottsdale. It was a mistake. While the food is ok, this place is nothing more than a run-of-the-mill, strip shopping center concept restaurant. If you would be satisfied with something like that then go there. Otherwise make the drive into Scottsdale to one of the more quant places that I wish I had tried.
4	I didn't realize this was a chain (I don't have them near me) and I don't generally rave about chains (as others have said) but this was really good.  We had drinks, appetizers, dinner and desserts (it was a work event) and all were very good.  We sat outside on the patio - it was a Wednesday night and the place was packed.  The service was a little on the slow side (for drinks) but not horrible considering we were a big party and it was really busy.  The deserts were TDF - so save room for those!  I had a steak, others had fish and everything was the right sized portions (not too big and not too small) so that we could enjoy appetizers shared and still have dessert as well :)I will definitely be back
2	Umm I can't see what the fuss is about in the other reviews.  Our server was mediocre, passing by our empty glasses, and food was just, meh. I had chicken soup that tasted like enchilliata sauce. The Caesar salad was big and in a big bowl-nothing special. I agree with Justin from Dallas.  Anyone from out of town, keep looking.
4	Good food.  Fairly priced.  Comfortable atmosphere.
5	Amazing food and desserts, my new favorite place. I had the chicken crepes and oh my gosh I will go back for that again and again, they were delicious. The bread pudding was fantastic, so light and flakey, simply perfect!  We all loved it, one of the best meals I have had and  definately worth the calories on the desserts. Thank you for making my Mother's Day so Yummy!
4	Very good food, the French Dip was excellent. Definitely worth a try.
4	Great food and dessert...total scottsdale snobbery atmosphere.
2	This place is unique.I don't really care or observe these kind of things, but the interior looked pretty nice. I am saying this in the manliest way possible. The ceiling was my favorite part of the entire place.The food choices was typical, salad, sandwiches, burgers, meat and seafood.I had the jambalaya and my girlfriend at the pork.3 things...1) The portion was tiny for the price, everything is averaging $15 if you exclude the seafood etc, but you you see more plate than food.Tip: Use smaller plates, it will give the illusion there is more food2)The food wasn't that great, yardhouse or cheesecake factory tastes WAY better (I didn't think I would ever write that)3) Dessert was good, but it really wasn't that great, I was expecting it to blow my mind considering it is called "white chocolate grill" Their white chocolate isn't anything special.Also, it was my birthday, and my girlfriend asked if they did anything and the waitress said, "We can put a candle in it," as she tilted her head at an awkward 45 degree angle and smiled at me. I almost choked on my water because I got scared from her smile. That and felt insulted like I needed a candle, I'm in my mid 20s man! I said no, but she put a candle on my dessert anyways, how kind of her. I didn't really mind, since it was my birthday, I didn't have to pay. hahaha. But still, it was the first time I been to a restaurant that never offered anything on a birthday. Pretty ghetto for a place that gives off such an expensive vibe.All in all, the interior is nice, it gives a snobby vibe. So it tricks you into thinking the food will be amazing. But it is overpriced and not good and small portions.I should have just went to bobby q or yardhouse or something. I wouldn't come back here. 2 stars for the nice ceiling. Go ceiling
5	Fantastic food and service. They made the steak too well and we ordered something else. Guess what? They comped it! Unheard of and especially nice! Can't wait to return. A special place!!
4	The food at White Chocolate was outstanding.  Compliments to the chef(s).  Best burger I've had in a long time and I didn't even eat the bun. The dinner salad was beyond great.  I would have definitely given them 4 stars but they had so many of their people in training that night and it showed with minor mistakes by their food runners. Our actual server was professional and friendly.  All in all, I know where I'm going the next time I'm in town.
3	Wasn't that thrilled with this admitted knock off of Houstons(opened by former executives)Retarded name first of all, which elicits all kinds of questions.Completely same interior of Houstons, with exhibition kitchen seen through glass walls.Service was decent, but food was really lacking.  Had the Balsamic ribeye with mashed potatoes and was disappointed.  Small portion and the portion of mashed potatoes was a joke, maybe two table spoons.  Granted we got in just before closing(which is the time to get the food quality shaft).  Steak tasted okay but it was tiny.Caesar salad was a 7, Service was an eight, but the menu items we all ordered just weren't spectacular, which I am a firm believer that if an item isn't , take it off the damn menu
1	Ate dinner there last night.  Four hours later, I had vomiting and diarrhea.  I have been throwing up all night.I had th Ahi appetizer and trout for a main course with the corn salad as a side dish..
2	Not impressed with the service or the food.  Too many choices in town that are less expensive
2	My husband and I enjoy coming to WCG when we're in Phoenix however, this may be our last visit. We were in town over the long Memorial Day weekend on our way to the resort we stopped for lunch. I had the Flirtini which was good, we ordered the rib eye sandwich and the dip duo and it was all good. Our waitress was sweet, she had a great personality and took really good care of us. We decide to have dinner there on our last night in town, the shrimp cocktail was not cleaned properly and I proceeded to clean the shrimp myself and make a "poop pile" on the appetizer plate.  When our waiter (he had NO personality) came by my husband told him to let the chef know that this is unacceptable. He seemed unfazed so I interjected and said "I love to cook and I would never serve that to a guest" he mumbled something then walked off with the plate. We ordered the prime rib but they sold out. Okay, no problem bring us the rib/chicken platter with mashed potatoes. The chicken was dry and really had no flavor, the ribs were decent nothing to write home about. Our waiter comes back to check on us then leaves a dessert menu on the table when we just started to eat our dinner.  This is my husband's biggest pet peeve, if you ask my husband if he is interested in dessert and he has a plate full of food in front of him your tip just went down. If you ask him if he'd like a coffee or cappuccino when his glass is full of wine, your tip just went down.Our waiter never came back, we had to ask someone else for our bill. The shrimp cocktail was not taken off of our bill nor was any apology from the manager or chef, no dessert was offered for having to clean the poop shoot of each and every shrimp we ate. Long story short, my husband left 0 tip and wrote the waiter a note saying the shrimp cocktail was $13 that would have been your tip but you didn't take the shrimp off of our bill, customers don't want to eat sh*t and shouldn't have to clean their own shrimp because the cook staff is too lazy.
5	White Chocolate is one of my favorite restaurants in town (and also one of the coolest nicknames for a basketball player,  but I digress).  Everything on the menu is delicious, the drinks are fantastic (they have a really extensive bourbon list) and the desserts are fantastic.  The ribs and rotisserie chicken is probably my favorite dish, but I've never had a bad meal here.  Highly recommended.
2	Abject disappointment is what best describes the whole of this experience, starting with happy hour on a Friday night only lasting until 5:30. Imagine that. I'd happily slogged a beer halfway down before last call cast its gloomy shadow. Quick, another beer and some appetizers before the cutoff. "WAITER!"DM: (disappointed me) Uh, I'll have another 8th St and an order of the        happy hour chips and guacamole.HD: (harbinger of disappointment, speaking uncannily like Bill Lumbergh from Office        Space) "Yeahhhh, nooooo, the guac isn't part of the happy hour menu        anymore. It's a side order. It's $9.99."DM: (looking perplexed, thinking, what the fuck?)  "WHAT THE FUCK?" (FUCK         was heavily inflected)HD: "Yeahhhh, sorrrry."DM: "Alright, bring another beer and I'll have my order ready when you get back."Beer arrives. It's 5:30.HD: "Are we ready?"DM: "Yup. Eleven more beers, the happy hour ribs, the happy hour shrimp, and          the happy hour Arizona egg rolls. That's for me. My wife wants seven          pomegranate martinis, an order of ribs, a water, three glasses         of ice, and about thirty napkins."WTJA: (wife, now turned Jodi Arias, to me) "Have you lost your fucking mind?         (my heavily inflected FUCK had nothing on hers) Two hours from now you'll be         sawing logs on the family room floor and I'll be watching Dateline...again...        by myself. WE'RE LEAVING, NOWWW!"NWOSIM: (neutered without surgical instruments me) "Yeah...just bring the check."Our beloved White Chocolate Grill has, like so many other restaurants of its ilk, succumbed to cheaping-out on happy hour, overcharging for popular menu items, and now hosts a waiter whom if this was 1920's Alabama, I'd shoot him, barbecue him up, and feed him to local law enforcement officials at their annual picnic.White Chocolate, I've been patiently waiting for this joyous time of year, the time when faux-Arizonans mass exodus to their cool summer abodes just like rats jumping off a sinking freighter. This is when I come knocking, so I can have you all to myself. And you pull this shit?We're FUCKING through White Chocolate. (and this FUCKING has nothing on my wife's, which had nothing on mine). DISCLAIMER1.) I had just finished watching Office Space before heading out for happy hour.      Bill Lundbergh was everywhere.2.) I wouldn't really shoot anyone like the girl in Fried Green Tomatoes. I would     however give them a savage tongue lashing, and not the Michael Douglas kind.3.) My balls are detachable in situations such as this.4.) I wish I'd taken the Rodeo Clown career path. Being gored a few times would      beat this. 5.) Mrrrrrrr.
5	Obsessed with the "famous chicken salad".... One of my favorite places!
5	I travel to Scottsdale a lot on business and ended up eating at White Chocolate Grill for the third time this past Thursday. The first time I had Jambalaya almost as good as my momma makes. Second I had a hamburger made from fresh ground beef that they grind right there. It was incredible. And this last time I had Macadamia Mahi Mahi. WOW! And everyone else loved their food also. What a great Restaurant.
5	One of my all time favorite places.   The French Dip is amazing.  You must try it if you are there for lunch or dinner.   Save room for dessert.  Also try the white chocolate martini!!
2	I used to go to this place when it first opened - something has changed. It used to have a upscale feel, without a minimal menu, and mediocre food -- USED TO.It used to have a friendly wait staff, that explained the menu items of question, and filled empty drinks in a timely manner - USED TO.It used to be a good place to take the family, know we were going to have a nice meal, and have a good time - USED TO.It USED TO be one of my favorite places to go, sadly no more.
4	Great food, great drinks...If you like Houston's, you'll like WCG.  I've had great meals in the dinning room, and great times in the bar as well!
2	I had a yummy White Chocolate Martini, but other than that, it was average.  Seems like plenty of people really like it because there were lots of people willing to wait.
5	Favorite place ever. I've gone here quite a bit and every time it's been awesome. There usually isn't a wait during lunch time and I did have to wait only once during dinner time and the wait was only like 15 minutes. The service is great and the employees are always super nice! I was here about two months ago with my family for lunch and our order ticket got lost so the manager nicely came over and told us and said that he would be paying for our lunch. So nice! Shows how nice and how the employees care about their customer service! I always get the "Spit Roasted Turkey Dip" and it is awesome! The mashed potatoes are to die for and the mushroom dipping sauce the sandwich comes with is the best thing i've ever tasted! The prices can be a little pricey but it is worth it since the food is great, the service is great and the portions of meals are huge! Definitely will be coming back here a lot for great food!
5	I absolutely love this place. Excellent food and atmosphere. Anytime I'm in the area I eat there, and I have to sit by the bar (it's gorgeously designed). If you're looking to not spend a great deal of money just get a burger (and their white chocolate bread pudding!), they're delicious and worth it. Also, make sure you make a reservation in advance for Friday and Saturday nights because, it can get PACKED. Lastly, it's good for any night really, a family dinner, friends/ladies night, date night, etc. It's a classy place with style. (Yeah if you've noticed I haven't been there during the day so I don't know how lunch is - but I have been there for all of the previous reasons/nights mentioned).
3	The food here is just okay. The service is okay as well. There's really no "oomph" to anything here, especially for the prices, which I find to be a bit high. I've been here a few different times, and once got the chopped salad and the other got the club sandwich. Chopped salad was of decent portion size, however didn't have any wow factor. Club sandwich was a little better, but like I mentioned, nothing to be amazed about. One time I came here with my boyfriend and he ordered the filet mignon salad and said it was really good, which is a plus. Other than that, certainly average.
5	This has really become our go to spot. The restaurant has a wonderful feel to it and the staff has always been great. We often bring friends and out of town guests here and everyone loves it. I have never had someone not like a meal they have ordered. The menu is extensive and prices are reasonable. I love the famous chicken salad and my husband goes crazy for their burgers. Be sure to save room for their banana cream pie! I don't like pie (or bananas really) but this is one of the most incredible desserts I have ever had!
3	The food was good but definitely average. We waited a long time to put in our order, and it took just as long to order dessert and get our checks. The only above average part of our experience there was the white chocolate raspberry cheesecake. To die for!
5	Love the food but have issues with the service almost every time we come here.  Ahi tuna salad is amazing!  Filet Cobb salad is amazing!  Fire Roasted Turkey Dip is amazing - instead of gravy I sub out for the au jus from the french dip sandwich or you can just get the french dip... its amazing!  Got the burger once... just okay.. nothing special.  Love the very thin french fries and the garlic green beans are sometimes the daily vegetable... yummy in my tummy if I choose to sub out fries and be a little healthier.  People love the carrots... they are carmelized and sweet if you like that.  Definitely a must for just about anyone...  prices are mid to high.  Salads are Ahi - $13.99 and filet one is $15.99 during lunch.  Haven't been there for dinner so not sure about that.  Nice decor...  gives you a nice upscale feeling without being snobby.
4	Great food. Fantastic service - if its possible to have almost too good service it's here. Salad so good it didn't need dressing. Soup and salad combo huge. Must have been regular serving sizes. Really pretty interior.
5	Wow. Nice place. Good food and prompt service. I had never been here before but heard from friends and colleagues that it's a great place to go. Wife had the Atlantic Salmon and I had the New York Strip Steak. We'll be back for sure!
5	Yummy! The chicken salad with goat cheese is a favorite of my whole family! I live in California and hope for WCG to make its way there. Delicious!
5	We had been to the White Chocolate Grill in Denver and so when my husband planned a trip to Phoenix, I told him we just had to go to this one in Phoenix. This time we also had my mother in law with us.The food was just as outstanding as my first experience in Denver. I ordered the same thing: the spit roasted turkey dip with honey roasted carrots. There is a wonderful wild mushroom sauce that goes with the sandwich and I ate every bite. This is amazing considering I have a strong dislike for mushrooms. Yes, it is that GOOD!We also had the white chocolate brownie which was so rich that we could not finish it. It was very very tasty. I also had the white chocolate martini made with Godiva liqueur. Yummy! I will definitely go back next time I am in town!
2	A disappointing evening at the white chocolate grill. Apps were good, my salad was fresh and tasty and the bread pudding dessert was amazing. Unfortunately my balsamic ribeye came out completely raw.. I ordered it medium rare and it wasn't even close. I mentioned it to our server who agreed with me and took it away. I would have been happy if they offered me a free dessert at this point but they put the already thin piece of meat back on the grill, burnt it and brought it back out with some fresh rice and fresh balsamic drizzled on it. I assumed a new steak was coming but I paid 26 bucks for an entree that was minimally edible both times it was brought out. I was surprised because I have had good experiences here in the past, and I should know better than to order a steak in a non-steakhouse..its my fiance/professional chef who insists I complain.. I just can't imagine Ruth's or Mastro's putting a served raw steak back on the grill, burning it to a crisp and re-serving it..
5	The food and service here is always excellent. Nice casual and comfortable but upscale environment. On the expensive side, but quality and service live up to the prices.
1	Well it has been a week since I dined at the WCG and had a bad situation. I sent the Managing Partner an email that evening expressing my concerns. By the way the Managing Partner has his email printed on the front of their menus. You would think that after a week someone would respond to my concerns....BUT NO!My email stated that while dining at the bar I had two insects crawl across my bar napkin in front of my Prime Rib dinner as well as a dead fruit fly. I asked for my check and to bag most of my dinner up to take home to my dogs. The server just shrugged her shoulders when I said I wasn't happy with the uninvited pests. On the way out I looked for a Manager but only two hostesses were at the front desk who were busy seating customers.If you are going to disclose your email on your menus you should respond to them in a timely manner! #BadStyle
4	Ok I am a fan.  First of all, great job with the name.  It's catchy and peaks your attention.  I came here with 2 co-workers after a day at the office.  None of us live in Phoenix so we found this place through Yelp and loved the name.  Plus it got good reviews.The interior of this restaurant looks very expensive.  Darker woods, an expansive bar, an open kitchen.   It's very clean and crisp and you feel as if you may be sitting in an exclusive steak house.The menu is wonderful!  Tons of fresh soups, salads, sandwiches, and entree's to choose from.  I love this fresh, upscale American dining experience and The White Chocolate Grill nails it.   The prices are unbelievably reasonable for where you are and what you are getting.  I got the rotisserie chicken because they described it on the menu with "really good gravy".  Again, great marketing because we all know that really good gravy can make your whole meal.  It was wonderful.  The chicken was perfectly seasoned and tender and juicy, and the gravy was, in fact, really good.   I also had a few bites of the chicken tortilla soup and loved every slurp.I was too full to order dessert which kind of upset me because I was looking forward to trying the white chocolate banana cream pie.   Although I would have had to unbutton my pants, I hear it's worth it.
5	This place was a rare find!  Yes it's been there for a while, but I never see it when hitting the Harkins for some R & R.  My girlfriend and I were looking to have sushi at that place down the parking lot, but they weren't open yet. So we said "hey let's try this place" and walked into WCG.First thoughts.. "ok this looks kinda nice and fancy"   The hostess was really nice and sat us quickly.  The waiter came over and got us drinks pretty fast and was also really nice and helpful. Looking over the menu I wanted something light but also something that i was familiar with, so I went with a simple club sandwich.  Let me tell you history with club sandwiches for a moment. Every time I have one at other places, they are always the same.  One sandwich, cut into different triangles, stacked 5" tall with a tooth pic in each slice.  That's fine.  Many places are also dry.How does WCG do it?  They use one whole sandwich, stack it high with FRESH ingredients, slice it ONCE in half and it also comes with a nice side sauce (forgot the kind).  I also got a side of fries with it. I don't think in the history of having club sandwiches, have I ever verbally made a noise when eating a sandwich.  My girlfriend even commented to me "Enjoying your food?"  It was THE best club I've had.  She got a spicy chicken sandwich that she really enjoyed too!  Then we actually got dessert.  We had their cheesecake and it was the best we've had.  Yes.. better than Cheesecake Factory.We've been here twice now and it's now a favorite of ours.
5	I've eaten here with gusto it was so good.  Can't remember what I had a year ago, but I had a Maytag blue cheese burger (which was so melted on the burger I actually asked where the cheese was, but you sure could taste it..yum!) and it was superb!  Came with a big whopping hunk of homemade cut fries--which I certainly didn't need but loved scarfing down like a hog!  Just fabulous quality of food here.Their meat--and I mean the hamburger quality--is excellent, too, for what America offers (nothing compares to the beef in Argentina where I just returned from).Love this place so much told the son to take a date there if he wants to impress her with good food.  Atmosphere is nice, service was great, just love this place!One of my very fav places to eat here in Phoenix for sure under $20 each!  Yummy delicious food here!!!
5	My tip is definitely ask for Angelo or call in a resevation with him he's one of the best servers iv ever seen he knows his stuff ! His suggestions for meals, wine, and dessert will have you coming back for more.
5	This has now become my go-to restaurant when visiting Phoenix! In fact, we went out of our way to come here last week because we knew it would be a 5-star experience.My new favorite salad in the world is the seared ahi tuna with ginger and sesame dressing - it could not be more perfect! We also ordered the crab cakes (light and fluffy) and of course, shared a dessert. The dessert was a little rich for my liking, but it was to be expected from a place with Chocolate in the name. Hope I get to come back again! I don't mean to be predictable but obviously I will be ordering the Tuna!
3	I ate here twice this week while I was in Scottsdale on business. I always try to stop at White Chocolate Grill when in Scottsdale. Service is great. Sometimes too fast between courses and I have had to send food back so I could relax between courses. Not sure if they kept it warm or prepared fresh. They always appear to have sufficient staff and they are always busy. Watch the bill as they like to up charge for "rocks" in your cocktail even if not ordered straight up. Not a big deal but annoying.
5	great spot..we live up the road and is our go to restaurant. i've had about everything on the menu and its all awesome..my fave is the citrus soy salmon and the cucumbers they put on the on side are heavenly! During the fall they have the pumpkin cheesecake that will make your tummy very happy. Do yourself a favor and go to WCG!
5	@quinterogolf. We had the best meal tonight at white chocolate grill.  The service was fantastic.  The meal was served so promptly.  I had the fish of the day.  snapper!  It was perfectly cooked.  The steamed green beans were crisp and lovely.  My husband loves the rib and chicken !
5	A wonderful place for dinner in north scottsdale.  Particular highlights include the mayo burger and steak sandwich. Great baked crab cakes, and the most excellent appetizer in maricopa county...the venerable Arizona egg rolls!
5	I first came here on my first day of work.  My managers took me out to lunch and all seemed to really love this place.  I got the filet mignon cobb salad, amazing! Honestly it's the best salad I've ever had.. it has a lot going on.  Along with the filet it comes with hardboiled egg, cherry tomatos, mushrooms, greens, croutons, and blue cheese (I get it without this).  The dressing was a bit overwhelming so I would suggest getting it on the side.  I have yet to try something else.  I will be sure to update once I do!
5	Nice atmosphere, not too bright. Ate on the patio which was covered and very comfortable at 7pm. Had the blackened mahi with crab sauce. It was really good, tasty and no too heavy. Had an assortment of items on the menu from fancy salads to steaks. All priced reasonably.
5	One of my favorite restaurants by far!!! They have an awesome gluten free menu and a gluten free desert that is to die for!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The restaurant itself is beautiful and the bar area is so unique. You just can't take your eyes off of it. The way they have the bottles organized on the wall with the lighting is awesome and an art piece in itself. The service there is always top notch which is a plus for me. Its probably a good thing that I don't live closer because I would be in there everyday. lol Love this place.
4	Pros - The food was great and prices in the $$-$$$ range. A good variety of foods as well; something for everyone. Our party had the AZ eggrolls, the chicken crepes, filet mignon cobb salad, the NY strip and the white ras. cheesecake. The salad was very large, easy to share with 2... the steaks were done as ordered, the chicken crepes I was told were so-so and the cheesecake was very rich and easy to share with 4. The service was also very good; quick and kind server... came back to the table several times to check on us.Cons - The only con for us was the noise level. We sat near the semi-enclosed open kitchen area so we really had to talk loudly to hear each other from across the table. Noise seems to carry here just because of the large layout and high ceilings.I would certainly go back again... perhaps just request to be seated away from the kitchen area, especially if you are with any soft spoken people.
4	We mostly go for happy hour. It has a good one. Last visit I was the only person at the table of four who exclusively consumed happy hour fare. I love the slider plate. It is three little burgers in different styles. Others had sandwiches from the menu. They all love the cous cous side and an order of the cooked carrots was shared by the table. I was the only drinker. I like the happy hour martinis. The others had ice tea or Arnold Palmer. Dessert was good too but not a happy hour item. The regular menu has some great entree salads and excellent meat dishes. I have enjoyed them in the past.  Service was not too good at first but her shift ended 15 minutes after we arrived. From there service improved dramatically. We will continue as customers. It is a great place!
4	Wow!  We were impressed.  A great lunch place.  Not sure we would do dinner, but definitely a movie lunch or dessert post movies.  I had a salad.  Ahi tuna was pretty good too.  It has a nice chic vibe inside too.
5	Love this place, yummy menu! I went here a few times before and liked my food but wasn't in love with anything until I discovered their filet cob salad and now I am hooked!!! I crave it all the time. Steak is cooked perfectly and the salad is huge and has a little bit of everything in it. I also am a big fan of the grilled artichoke appetizer and of course like the name says they have a great brownie dessert!
5	This place is great I had the most amazing salmon there with a citrus sauce and i was cooked perfectly like seriously if you've never been go to this place for your next date night!
4	Visiting from out of town, and this might have been the best tasting food in this town.At first, I made a reservation for 730 and arrived 10 minutes early, but our table wasn't even ready at 730 :/ I understand your restaurant is busy, but when you accept reservations, have some available tables. Our server, Brian, however, is probably the best spirited guy we met waiting tables! He was funny, responsive, and checked up on us constantly. On the other hand, the food was pretty good--hot and tasty. It wasn't super excellent, but satisfying. I had the balsamic rib eye steak, fish, and rack of ribs from here. (We all shared. I didn't order 3 plates lol) All flavorful and cooked perfectly. There was something off however; for the number of people that eat there, you'd think it'd actually be more gourmet, but the taste is anything but. I did order a cocktail, the key lime martini...don't order it. It's like a milky vodka with graham cracker on the rim; sadly, the cracker was the best part of that drink. The dessert, however, is excellent. Sweet and delicious for those that have a sweet tooth. And they go well with tea and coffee ;) I would say this place is the best in the area for ordering American :)
4	I went with my servers choice while visiting this restaurant, I ended up having the soy salmon. It was definitely a great choice and was delicious to the last bite but was kind of on the expensive side. The interior of this restaurant is gorgeous, the staff was a little bit on the slow side though.
4	Citrus soy salmon is my favorite. You should try the couscous. Best in town. It's a little noisy but worth the trip. I did my reservation through open table and got on at the time promised. They serve bottomless drinks.
5	Oh my heavens, can you say D-E-L-I-C-I-O-U-S???? This place has the most amazing food ever that is home made.  I cannot wait to try more on the menu along with the desserts which im really bummed we did not get to try.  The chicken crepes were out of this world with the honey carrots.  I tried replicating and could not even come close to how good those were. Mouth watering goodness. Make sure if you get fries to get the house ranch they also happen to make from scratch its unbelievable.  If I win the lottery I would eat here every day and not get sick of it!
5	Been here four times and have never had a bad meal or experience.  The food is delicious and the portions are generouse, service has always been perfect, and the restaurant itself is beautiful.  I've had Maytag burger  (blue cheese) served with spaghetti squash, wow, (I'm not even the biggest burger fan) it was incredible.  Had the grilled chicken salad for lunch one day and ate the whole, huge thing, couldn't get enough of it. Highly recommend WCG!
4	I think this is my new place to go for real good food. Made to order and very fresh. It's hard to find good food and service nowadays. Thanks for actually making me leave a restaurant with mouth watering tingling aftertaste... ha :)
4	Second time for lunch here and once for dinner.  Consistently good.  Nice atmosphere, but can be noisy when busy.  Really like covered outdoor patio.
5	Great for the entire family, great service, Fantastic food. Try the grilled artichoke, man is it great!
4	To get more detailed I would give it a 3.7. The highlight of this place are the drinks and desserts. The meals are above average but it wasn't as great as I expected it to be.
4	Date night standard! One of the few restaurants the hubby and I can agree on.We have visited WCG at least a dozen times and always had a great meal.Our favorites: filet Cobb, honey carrots, BBQ bacon burger!!!The only bad thing I've had here is their house margarita, which is made with a mix not fresh lime! Ew
1	I called to make a reservation for 6 people and I was told that, reservation for large party was no longer available. In a way, I am glad we are not eating there after reading about finding worms in the artichoke and insects crawling on the napkins.Too bad... It was a decent place to eat.
2	I find WCG to noisy for my taste and we tend to avoid it because the wait can be prohibitive -- when we try to make reservations (for six), it is a chore. We went tonight because it was my daughter's birthday choice but she was disappointed that they don't do anything to acknowledge birthdays.. even if you're a kid.
2	So the food was okay nothing was great. Here were my biggest problems, 1st the plates are to big, meaning I ordered the filet and broccoli. The steak is small being a filet and the mashed potato that was supposed to come with it was smaller than the steak. The plate was big and the portion was not, so visually it was disappointing. Second issue was the dessert, we ordered two the first was the brownie and that was great the second was the white chocolate raspberry cheesecake. Here it is, that cheesecake is not a raspberry cheesecake. It is a regular cheesecake with white chocolate shavings and raspberry sauce. That was not what I was expecting.
5	My wonderful in-laws took me here for a late birthday present. (My birthday was several months ago) I had the fillet topped with blue cheese and it was outstanding! I've been to this place three times and every time it was nothing but extraordinary. It is a little pricey but if you have a few extra bucks and are hungry (I always am!) I highly reccomend that you stop by here if you're in the Scottsdale area.
4	Always enjoyed coming here.  I've been to the location in Scottsdale and Denver at Park Meadows mall.  Never disappointed.Decor is beautiful.  Great for lunch or dinner.  The one at Park Meadows is located next to an American Girl Doll store that doesn't have a cafe inside.  They honor the girls bringing their dolls to lunch.  Cute.Skinny on the food:I am one for mixing things up when I go to a restaurant BUT this place is the exception.  Filet Mignon Cobb Salad every time.  It's big enough to split with another person too.
5	Everything I've eaten here is wonderful.. The steak salad, pulled pork sandwich and of course the bread pudding
5	I have eaten at this amazing restaurant many times. I take all my out of town guests here and they love it as much as I do. We found this place by accident, but it was an awesome discovery. Don't let the name fool you. They are apparently known for their desserts, I have only gotten the banana cream pie. It is so good, I cant resist but get it every time. Between myself, my husband and our guests no one has had a bad meal. My favorite restaurant in north Scottsdale! I promise you wont be disappointed.
4	It took me almost a year to come back after a poor dining experience.  However, I tried it again and really enjoyed myself.  The service was very good, the salmon was prepared to perfection.  The other meals at the table: the jambalya, the French dip were equally prepared well.  All in all, a very nice meal.  Would consider returning if I was in the area.
5	My colleague suggested to check this place out for our client lunch. Wow the menu looks amazing. I went with the suggested salad which was filet mignon and I was not disappointed. Yummy!!! We also shared the grilled artichoke was super good too. Great service who kept refilling my Arnold Palmer's. I definitely will be back next time I am in town! I am a fan!!
5	The is a great restaurant with an off-putting name. The food is consistently delicious. I love their salmon dishes, their salads, and the service. The WCG salad with bacon and blue cheese is a guilty pleasure. My husband loves the crab cakes, which are much more crab than cake. The spaghetti squash side is delicious. Always ask about the specials. I had a divine beet salad special. My husband always orders the grilled artichoke appetizer when in season. My friend Jazz loves the chicken enchiladas; the tortilla soup is good as well. This is our go-to place when visitors come in from out of town. A reservation is a must if you're going at a peak time. Forget the goofy name and go! We're glad we did.
4	Food was great. The crab cakes are the BEST I've tasted. Only the bottom of a huge pile of crab meat was breaded to keep the shape. The crab was sooooo tasty and not ruined with heavy sauces. This is our 4th time there in 2 months and have been consistently impressed by everyone from greeter on the way in to greeter saying good night as we leave. The only reason for 4 stars is the noise level is very high. Guess it's a eat, pay, get out philosophy although we were never rushed.
5	The best white chocolate bread pudding I've ever had!!!
5	Best service we have ever have ever, our server BRIAN was very helpfull , helping us decide , polite, just absolutely the best server I have ever come across in all my dining experience . Because of service like BRIAN now it's one of my favorite place to eat! Ps : the food was outstanding we literally ate even after we were full even the dessert! This place was outstanding !
4	I've been coming here since they first opened.  Consistent quality of service and great food make me a frequent diner here.  Plenty of seating area makes easy to get seated right away during lunch time.  Perfect for business lunch, with variety of menu, we all can find something we like to eat.My favorite is Tomato Gin Soup, followed by Ahi Tuna Salad.  I like the hamburger, grilled salmon, crab cake... I don't think I ever had anything I didn't like.Don't forget the desert too. Can't pick my favorites. All good.  Desert potion is large enough to share with others. I wish they have smaller portion desert, then I will be ordering desert all the time.
5	This restaurant is top notch. Great food, the Crispy Chicken Salad is to die for, and the service is really good. Very attentive restaurant staff.
3	We came here for Valentine's day dinner as a special treat. I was a little disappointed with the food. For the price I was definitely expecting way better food but this seemed nothing to write home about. The best part was the appetizer, grilled artichoke with parmesan cheese with lemon aioli. That definitely would get 5 stars on its own. However, the runner who brought out our food took my artichoke and it was only half eaten! I asked them to bring me another one to replace it since that's like throwing half your meal away. Not sure if we'll be back but we shall see.
5	Dined here a couple of nights ago. Excellent food, wine and service. My friend had the jambalaya and said it was the best he has ever had! Cobb salad with steak was also a winner. Always enjoy coming here as it is very consistent.
3	This is the first time I have gone here.  We had a group of about 11 people, and had reservations.  We were seated right away on the patio.  It was a nice evening.  The food was quite good and reasonably priced.  I would have rated the restaurant as 4 star.  So far, so good.  My problem is that the waiter (Westmorland?) could have done much better.  He took our orders and the food was served in a timely manner.  As is often the case, people from the kitchen brought out and served the meals.  Our waiter never came around until the meals were almost finished to see if everything was OK.  It was not.  Had he come around, I would have asked for Tabasco sauce, as well as bread.  By the time he asked, there was no need for the Tabasco sauce.  In terms of the bread, he said that it is brought only if asked for.  If that was the case, I think he should have asked if we wanted bread.  If it is the management's policy of not delivering bread unless asked for, the menu should have stated so.  Would we come back?  Sure.  Would we ask for Westmorland?  No.  If we were seated put at his station, we would not ask to be reseated.  He did not do a bad job, but he surely could have done a lot better.
4	We had some high hopes for this restaurant based on the posted yelp menu. I guess there used to be a Date Night 4-course meal, but it doesn't exist anymore. Not a big deal, but changed the game since items were priced around $15-20. The food was tasty. We tried the Famous Chicken salad and the baby back ribs. Both were delicious and we loved them. My only complaint is with the service. Our server seemed a little inattentive and preoccupied. Who doesn't bring extra napkins with an order of baby back ribs?! I don't really believe in docking stars for 1-time service, but just a tip to ask for this napkins while you order! ;)
4	This is the second time we have been to WCG and we had another good meal and great experience!  The service was good and so was the food!Keep up the good work!
4	best french dip ive had in a long time my wifes bbq platter was good too she really liked the ribs the only down side of this place is the wait and its just too dang dark its nice to see the food your eating
5	Lunch business meeting this week....had reservations at noon.  Place is usually packed, and for good reason. Owner Bobby Fitzgerald has put together the right combination of service, ambiance, value and taste.  Had Ahi Tuna sandwich with fries.  Perfect.
5	I had a business dinner here during a conference a couple of months ago and enjoyed the food and atmosphere immensely. The two of us wanted to try everything, so we shared. We got the two specials: spaghetti squash with garlic butter & roasted pistachios and the blackened Ono. Both were beautiful and delicious. We also shared the cheeseburger. I noticed that they grind the meat in-house. It was simply one of the best burgers I've ever eaten. I would definitely go back for that alone!  Add the French White Chocolate Bread Pudding and we were on cloud nine. Great value for the price.
5	Salads all day. I've had almost every salad they make. All of them are amazing. My favorite is the steak salad hands down.
4	I had a filet mignon salad, which was great. Took too long to bring the food, but the manager was super nice and offered it for free! Can't complain.
5	Our second time dining here and another superb dining experience! Friendly and attentive service with absolutely delicious food. My family all enjoyed their entrees. A special shout out to the quinoa burger, carrots and cold green beans with pistachios. Yum, yum, yum. We topped it off by sharing the divine white chocOlate blonde and banana cream pie. We will most certainly return here when visiting Scottsdale!
4	This place is delicious. The food and service are always consistent. I gave it 4 four stars for the lack of diverse appetizers.  However don't let that deter you and if you save room for dessert the banana creme pie is fantastic. My girlfriend and I will be repeat customers for the foreseeable future.
4	Great food, great service, great prices... The White Chocolate Grill reminded me of Houston's, but with cheaper prices.  I had the prime rib with mashed potatoes.  Cooked perfectly, very tasty.  My wife had the citrus-soy glazed salmon, it was sweet, spicy, savory... very tasty.  For dessert, we tried the apple pie, it was ridiculous.  Our server was excellent, very knowledgeable about the menu and had great suggestions.  Definitely make a reservation!  We will be back.
5	Very nice place. Didn't have dinner but the menu looked delicious. We went for desert, but will come back for dinner. We had the white chocolate brownie. Good lord it was awesome. Gooey and warm
3	The food is ok. A little over seasoned. The restaurant popped up on here when I did a search for organic restaurants however, nothing on the menu is organic. Thats a disappointment.The staff is very friendly and on point. I won't be back but only because its not conducive to my eating style. How they got categorized in organic is questionable.
5	One of my favorites in Scottsdale.  Best whiskey selection I've ever seen.  If you're a bourbon fan this is a must visit!  Ribs and bread pudding are equally amazing!  I'll be back at least once a month!
1	I used to refer lots of business here.    NO MORE. Host too busy on his phone  AT DOOR to direct to restroom.  Found it.  Bartender refused to serve me.  Curious since I was at a concert from 7PM...never served me at all other than soup and sandwich order an managed that order..    Ate my soup and then asked for sandwich to go.  Back turned....didn't see me leave, ACTUALLY, I suspect he kept his back turned.  And I was happy to leave.  I could understand if...I ordered FIVE glasses of wine or drinks.   NO...had not ordered ONE.  I will not be giving this place my money NOR will I ever recommend this place.again.     Yardhouse, The Keg...Sandbar...HIgh Street.  The JW Marriott.   The Princess.  ANYWHERE but here.Being greeted by a host of the phone SUCKS.  Tthe treatment I received tonight  by the Bar UNTENDER SUCKED, big time.although I can appreciate close to his quitting time.  SORELY disappointed in what I thought was ...NEVER will I recommend.
5	You will never find a better restaurant. Hands down the best. My husband and I go here all the time for date night. The service and food is worth every penny. And we have yet to try something that we don't like. And you must always stay for dessert. The White Chocolate brownie is beyond praise.
5	Finally, a great all around dinner.  I ordered the NY Strip which was prepared perfectly.  The server was excellent.  Gave great menu descriptions of flavors and suggested sides and wine with our meal.  My wife had the grilled salmon which had a great light flavor.  Next time we make the reservations we will request for the same server he really made the experience wonderful. The best part was that the entire restaurant was packed and the kitchen made it seamless.  Awesome fresh food and above and beyond service.
5	What a great place if you are looking for a good (reasonably priced) steak. It is one of my girlfriend's favorite restaurants. She loves the Parmesan Crusted Filet and my Filet Mignon Cobb Salad was delicious. The bread pudding is the bomb for dessert! Nice restaurant environment, intimate setting for date night, and the restaurant was pretty quiet.
5	My husband and I ate here for Restaurant week, and we were VERY happy that we did! It was definitely the best place we went all week, and we will be back! Sean was our server, and he went above and beyond to make sure that we had a great experience. I had the salmon, my husband had the steak, and both were great! I should have gone with Sean's suggestion for the side of carrots, but chose my own, the mashed potatoes. They were okay, not amazing, but I guess not everything can be! We will be back, and hopefully get Sean as our server again. He made the dinner a very good and memorable one!
2	When we go out to eat this is often our go-to place because it's easy and the menu has something for everyone, but the food quality is hit or miss. Unfortunately after my last experience I doubt we will return. I took some family on Saturday (day before Mother's Day) we arrived at 11:30am and the restaurant was very quite. They sat us at a booth that had a horrible stench of dirty mildew. We moved tables, but they were all the same. For just opening for the day this was just disgusting. We had their chips and guacamole to start and the chips were old and stale and for my entree I had their "famous chicken salad" and I can tell you it was far from famous. The chicken had an old foul smell and taste (the kind that makes you worry how sick you will be the next day). Horrible experience
4	I really enjoyed this place, we sat outside which was kind of enclosed and misted so it was pleasant to eat there.Our waiter was really nice and got us some drinks started which were pretty strong, so no complaints there. We had the bacon, blue cheese salad and added steak and it was so good. we also shared the blackened fish sandwich which was also amazing. I had the Israeli couscous as a side and it made the meal. The portions are large but we managed to squeeze in a dessert, who wouldn't in a place called the white chocolate grill?!We had the white chocolate brownie, made for two it was huge and after dinner we didn't finish it but definitely worth a taste. I would recommend it to anyone in the area looking for a casual dinner. The bar area was nice too with tables all facing the tvs if thats your thing.
4	Came here for a dessert only sit down, after the movies.  We had a date night with some friends of ours and were so pleasantly surprised!  It was about 9:00pm and so we had the restaurant to ourselves. We ordered the banana cream pie, bread pudding, rasberry cheesecake and the chocolate cake.  All were amazingly good!  I especially liked the bread pudding.  Make sure you share, their portions are for 2 people.  Needless to say, we took the leftovers home.
5	This has become my once a week splurge.  Everything I have eaten has been absolutely amazing.  My favorites:Filet Cobb SaladFilet steak sandwichFrench dipBurgers are amazing as well, I do need to try the steak and prime rib one day.
1	I would give zero stars if I could.  My water remained empty the entire meal.  We were there to celebrate my wife's birthday and dessert is not free on birthdays.  Not a big deal, but Denny's has more class than this joint.  They have a "vegan" burger.....served on an egg bun.  Sharp thinking, genius chef!  Their $14 kale and spinach salad has only one vegan dressing- oil and vinegar.  Gross!  The people I was with said their food wasn't that great, either.  My wife had a field greens salad and currently can't drink enough water because something was spicy and she has an awful taste in her mouth.  Their $8 "birthday" bread pudding (thanks for the free candle, cheapskates) "sucked" according to everyone who tried it.  Awful, awful, awful.  Never again.  I hope this place is boarded up and replaced with ANYTHING- even a Chili's, Applebees, or Sizzler would be higher end than this noisy dump.
5	Went here with my boyfriend for our anniversary. Top notch. We both got coffee Jameson's to start out. Both of our drinks were very strong and that is NEVER a problem. I also got a vodka water and it was very strong. Drinks here are great!As for food.. I got the Cajun chicken sandwich with a side of fries. The sandwich was pretty amazing! The fries are shoestring style and tasted amazing. My boyfriend got the prime rib and said it was absolutely perfect.We got the white chocolate brownie for dessert.. Definitely one of the best desserts I've ever had! And I'm a sweet food enthusiast ;)Our waitress was Tara and she was great! Service was a bit on the slow side, but it was Saturday so rah is to be expected. Overall superb experience and we will definitely be back!
4	I've always been a happy camper leaving this place. They have a very cool looking bar with their bottles lit up and colorful. I like sitting at the tables around it even though the lighting is bad. It's like the flashlight under your face effect. Not cute!I prefer the Sesame Crusted Ahi Tuna for the appetizer. The tuna comes out on a slaw that tastes amazing with a soy dressing and a side of wasabi you can mix in. This isn't a fish restaurant but I get on a fish-kick and LOVE their Blacked Fish Sandwich. It's always cooked perfectly and really like the sauce. The steamed broccoli are big pieces and always fresh. I wouldn't recommend the honey roasted carrots - they are soaked in whatever they are calling honey roasted and just tastes like carrots coated in sugar. Yuck. I like dessert and like chocolate but don't like anything from here. Maybe too much white chocolate for me.
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants. I love the shrimp cocktail for the appetizer and filet mignon steak salad as an entree .  I've been here maybe 6 or 7 times and I still love coming back.  The ambiance is great, service is great, food is good, and the deserts are to die for. Prices are $$ to $$$ but I  don't mind paying for good food and good service.  They get kind of busy in the regular eating times, i try to go a little later to avoid the rush.  Highly recommended!  You won't be disappointed.
5	We love White Chocolate Grill. The desserts are listed on the top of the menu (and for a reason). We will come here literally just for the bread pudding ! Top notch service ... The chocolate martini is a great after dinner drink. Whiskey selection is amazing. I would recommend it to anyone.
3	It's hit or miss here.   The Tomato Gin soup is "off the chain"....but the gravy on the rotisserie chicken crepe will have you running to find the nearest outhouse.  The desserts are blah.    You would think being named the "White chocolate Grill" you would have some awesome desserts.  No, they are simply "okay".  Nothing to write home to mom about.   On the other hand, the service is awesome  and there is no pretentious behavior from waitstaff.... in spite of the location.
4	Nice place. I went there for lunch with my coworkers, had tuna grill burger it was awesome. Service: I order for Tuna but instead got the veggie burger, waiter and manager both came over to apologize and didn't charge me for burger. Which shows me how much they care about their customers.I would recommend this place to anyone.
4	Absolutely love this place! The bartenders are great! They are very knowledgeable. They have a great happy hour with both food and drink. Classy atmosphere. I do have two complaints. The lighting in the bar and the A/C. Please turn down the lights a little. I feel like I'm being interrogated. Also, cool the bar to a comfortable temperature.
5	Nice atmosphere and great service.   I had the Parm crusted filet and it came out slightly over cooked.  The server agreed and immediately grabbed the plate to have them refire a new steak and let me know it would take a while and offered soup or salad while I waited.  The second steak was melt in your mouth amazing.   When something happens, taking care of it promptly and effectively is what service is about.  I would return to WCG and recommend it to others.The server was also very helpful with recommendations for wine pairings as well.   Excellent dinner!
5	Best happy hour and great food!! Love the chicken tenders, burger sliders, ribs and southern fried chicken salad!!
5	This place was fantastic and the service was fabulous! I had the tomato gin soup, which is one of their house specialty. I almost locked my bowl clean. Our group had the mahi mahi, the soy-citrus salmon, the perfectly grilled salmon, and he balsamic ribeye. Everything was perfectly cooked and absolutely delicious! The white chocolate brownie was mouth wetting and a great finish to the meal. Our waiter was very attentive and helped us with our decisions and what to order. His recommendations on food and beverages was perfect!
4	Food was excellent. French dip sandwich was excellent and had no fat on it. The banana cream pie was excellent too. Service was excellent and all servers seem to help out. A little bit pricey but overall was an excellent place to eat.
2	My boyfriend and I received a gift card from a friend so we decided to dine last night. The server was very sweet but lacked professionalism and experience. I ordered the Dragonberry Lemonade and the server had to come back and tell me they were out of the Dragonberry rum. I picked another drink - but... I have to say, I work for 8 restaurants in food and beverage at a resort and in no way do I think it's acceptable to run out of an ingredient for a cocktail featured on the menu. We ordered our entrees, my boyfriend the filet and myself the prime rib. The server tried to suggest adding mushrooms to his filet but couldn't tell us what kind of mushrooms they were and instead settled for drawing us a picture of what the mushroom looked like. 10 minutes after we ordered the server came back and told me they were out of the prime rib. It DOES say "limited availability" on the menu and I understand this is an easy item to run out of but I think a server should know this prior to taking an order at the table. I opted to have the balsamic ribeye instead. When our food arrived everything was cooked perfectly but we both found everything to be over seasoned. The balsamic ribeye was delicious but the flavor was too intense for an entire steak. I could only eat a couple bites because it was so rich. For dessert we had the brownie which the server said was the best which we thought was just mediocre. This isn't a restaurant we would recommend or come back to. It was just "eh".
4	Enjoyed the BBQ trio, and a very good selection of draft beers. I'd recommend it, and will be back next time I'm in Scottsdale.
5	A very lovely atmosphere. Our waiter was Anthony and he did an excellent job, especially with my gluten free allergy. If you go there, get the ribs. They literally fall off the bone!  My only disappointment with this restaurant is the seats, I hate having to look way up to my waiter. That was annoying. Otherwise, reasonably priced for the quality you get. They even have a gluten free dessert to die for!
5	Our Server Sarah (Short hair) was very pleasant and attentive.  My girlfriend and I dined at lunch on a Thursday in the heat of late July and they were moderately busy.  It seemed like a lot of business lunch and early retirees.  All the servers helped to fill drinks which I thought was great because most restaurants have servers who are snippy/greedy about their tips and only care to serve their own tables/needs.  The teamwork here really helped to elevate the service.Great decor, not too dark but dark enough to create the right ambiance for this upscale American food.  Healthy comfort food.  The appetizer special was the double dip which came with freshly fried tortilla chips and jalapeno queso dip/salsa/guacamole.  Great portion.  Good dips! For Entree it was the Filet mignon Cobb Salad for her, and the Spinach Kale salad for me.  House made dressings really make a salad and theirs were on point.  The filet cobb had a bite from the intense bleu cheese they put on the plate but combined with the steak and their red wine vinaigrette with marinated mushrooms, it was so good!The tanginess from the asian dressing on the kale salad worked well with their strawberries and sesame seeds.  I believe the kale was either quickly blanched or massaged into submission to lend it's mellow and comforting texture.  This is crucial for a kale salad otherwise you'll be looking like a dinosaur trying to conquer those big leaves.Great place and my girl and I will definitely remember this place and be sure to be back!
5	A client of mine gave me a $100 gift card and I've gone in for lunch twice in the last month.  I've had the French dip and the Southwest Chicken salad....yum on both!!
5	Went there for my baby's birthday for the first time and it was amazing! We had the double dip app(8.99) which was so tasty! The chips were thin and not oily at all, the guacamole was awesome and the cheese was yummy even if it was a bit spicy! My baby ordered the balsamic ribeye( 27.89) with broccoli as her side. The ribeye, huge tomatoes and the mashed potatoes were awesome! The broccoli on the other hand was soooo salty!! It was more like a side of salt with some broccoli. I ordered the kale salad ( 13.99) and it was huge but tasted so good! It wasn't too much dressing and the chicken that was mixed in the salad was delicious! We will have to go back to try desserts because we couldn't eat anymore after all this yummy food!
5	Went here for the first time this weekend on Saturday night with some friends. The place was packed. Great ambience and excellent and prompt service. I had fried artichokes for an appetizer and the Filet Mignon Cobb Salad. They were both excellent choices but the dessert blew me away! I'm from the South and have tried lots of bread puddings but the White Chocholate Bread Pudding was by far the best I've tried! Will definitely be going back soon!
5	Let me just start by saying OMG!!! My hubby and I were in the neighborhood and came here for lunch. walking up to the place you see a huge outdoor covered patio with big cushy chairs and huge fireplace. Great place to chill while waiting in the cooler AZ months (they also have a huge dining patio on the back of the building with an even bigger fireplace). Upon walking in the front door, there are lit rock walls with dark wood through out. To your right is the bar with a floor to ceiling liquor wall that is lit from behind making the whole wall glow with booze!! It's very eye catching. The seats in the bar area are quite unique too, all half booths which face the wall o' booze and a few large flat screen tv's, it's also teared like stadium seating.We sat in the main dining room just to the left of the bar. It was a very upscale, yet chill/cozy atmosphere.  throughout the main dining area are mostly all cozy booths and half booths. the lighting is dim but not so dim that you can't see your hand in front of your face or so dim you can't read the menu.The wait staff is very friendly, accommodating, and efficient. The prices, are actually quite decent. I didn't see anything on the lunch or dinner menu that was a break the bank kind of price. Since we were there for lunch, we just had a sandwich and salad. My hubby got the French Dip. I know that sounds average and boring, but it was the best looking and best tasting french dip i think I've ever had and my hubby said the same thing! It was freshly sliced roast beef, like prime rib sliced thin on a french baguette. The meat was buttery soft and melted in your mouth. I just had a salad, their Southern chicken salad. it was HUGE! It's a salad, not much to say with that other than it was also very good. The most awesome part of our dinning experience was dessert!! this is a place you go to where you NEED to save room for their desserts! We split the White Chocolate Brownie. This thing was a meal in itself! the brownie had to be at least 3 or 4 inches square then topped with vanilla ice cream and white chocolate shavings. When the brought it out it had to have stood about a foot tall! We devoured it! how we had room for that is anybodies guess. It's very rich and decadent and you can bes' believe I was at the gym for a loooong time to work that off my waist! So well worth every single calorie!! I'd say this is a great date night spot! Can't wait to get back up there to enjoy their dinner menu and another over-the-top dessert!!!
4	I have been here many times and usually order the WCG salad and soup, as I did tonight. I'm not a fan of onions and tonight I accidentally forgot to order my salad without onions. The server, Michele was very pleasant and noticed me picking the onions out. She was very quick to offer to have a fresh one made without the onions. I would not have asked since it was my mistake. She didn't hesitate. The salad was wonderful as always. The dressing is the perfect compliment too. I love the chicken enchilada soup. My mother loves the tomato soup. The WCG brownie dessert is wonderful and my husband loves the bread pudding. We didn't order dessert tonight, but it was really hard not to. We are not dessert eaters when dining out so When we do order dessert it's usually here and It's always difficult for us to make a choice between the two. The service tonight was on point and well managed. We noticed this restaurant clearly trains their staff to help each other. Our drinks were always full and our completed dishes promptly removed.  We had a great date night experience. We will definitely be back!!The only reason I didn't give a full 5 star rating is the noise level in this restaurant, as in most places anymore, is kind of high.
4	I took my wife there for my anniversary. The service was very good. I had the WCG salad. Best of all was the desert we had the white chocolate brownie. It was great they took reservations.
5	Came here with my god-daughter to celebrate her 18th birthday.  We had a great time and it was perfect.  I ordered the New York Strip and their mash potatoes.  Cooked to perfection....  Roast Prime Rib with asparagus.  She inhaled the whole prime rib and all the veggies.  WOW, I think she loved it?  LOL!  We had White Chocolate Brownie for dessert:  A Warm Blonde Brownie, Freshly Baked with Callebaut Chocolate and Topped with French Vanilla Ice Cream, Warm Chocolate Sauce and Whipped Cream.  It was so good!  The service was outstanding.
5	This place has wonderful food! We had never heard of this place before but drove up on it looking for a place for dinner. We lucked out on a wonderful place. Great quiet atmosphere and very good food. The desserts are to die for. This place won't disappoint
3	First time here with my date.. The food was great an tasty though a bit on the pricey side. Very nice place and again the food was good. The service on the other hand was very weak at best. She never said her name, only asked to fill our drinks one time, and really was not very communicative. Hopefully she is just having a bad dayI would still come back because the food is good.
4	Been meaning to hit this place up for awhile now and finally had the chance to do so last week. We made reservations, but arrived early and they were very nice to seat us right away despite being early. Our waitress came over within a few minutes and took drink orders while also filling us in on the various specials of the day. I opted for the filet sandwich and he went with the au jus. Both sandwiches were delicious and I wouldn't hesitate to get either of them again. They also came with fries that were cooked perfectly.We skipped on the appetizers so we could order one of their amazing sounding desserts and we weren't disappointed. Went with the White Chocolate Banana Cream Pie - "A Graham Cracker and Chocolate Chunk Crust, Fresh Bananas and Vanilla Pastry Cream. With Caramel, Whipped Cream and Shaved White Chocolate" - make this happen if you go...seriously.Overall: AIf you want happy hour deals - sit at the bar, otherwise the dining area has great ambiance, and the food won't disappoint!
4	Good service.  Had the Kale and Spinach salad.  Even though it was lightly dressed, it was a little salty for my taste.  But the good service and nice decor makes me want to go back.
5	Great dinner choice. Simply delicious food. Great service.
5	Definitely our family favorite place to go! Love the French dip and the code steak salad! Amazing glazed carrots never disappoint! White chocolate martini is a must have!
2	This place had amazing reviews and I heard people rave about it! But it turned out to be a disappointment not nce but twice. The first night I got their house feature, scallops, they came charred giving them a bitter taste. The side of mashed potatoes was delicious. I went back for lunch the next day, because I wanted to make sure I wasn't missing out on something great, I got the French dip sandwich with fries which was good. Service was bad, the waiter was slow, brought in wet plates and didn't check in for water refill until the end of meal! I also got the bread pudding, bad choice too sweet, bread was hard. I have eaten much better bread puddings. All in all disappointing will not go back!!
4	Returned today for the Tomato soup and WCG salad lunch.  Was disappointed in both.  Had dines there about 4 weeks ago and the above was delicious.  Not so this time.  The soup was lukewarm at best and the salad had too much dressing which had more acid than last time and there were far less pecans in the salad.  The pecans would have cut the excessively agressive dressing.  If ordering this, order the dressing on the side and hope for the best.  Would recommend this restaurant with the above note.Will I return?  Most likely.  My companion had French Dip and fries, this meal was met with success.
4	I took my mother here for her birthday. She loved it and it was good food. Food is a bit pricey but not unreasonable. I would go back to this place again. Just wish they did something for people's birthdays.
5	My wife and I love this place. A bit out of our budget to go as much as we want. The artichoke is a must when you can get it. Not sure how it's prepared, but it is amazing. Be adventurous and try the tomato gin soup. I can explain exactly how delicious this is, just trust me ( you have to be 21 to order it).  Great Salads, steaks, and seafood. I am not a dessert person, but I do like a bite or two of my wife's favorite desert....white chocolate brownie with ice cream.
5	Just had a wonderful dinner at White Chocolate Grill! Heirloom tomato Salad and Prime rib were amazing! Our server Rachel made us feel so welcome and taken care off,  as if we were in her home!
4	This is my absolute favorite place. I have never had a complaint about any of their food or service until last night (I have been going here for dinner for about 3 years now). I ordered the parmesan crusted filet and when it came out there was no parmesan on it so the waitress took it back to the kitchen and had the chef put the parmesan on. By the time it got back to me my fries and mashed potatoes where about cold. The manager was the one to bring me my meal and he apologized for the mistake. I said it was fine and thought nothing of it; when the check came I saw that my meal was complimentary. I love them and will continue coming back!!
5	Great American/ fancy food, always busy.  Attentive and professional wait staff.
5	We had a wonderful experience eating at The White Chocolate Grill.  We decided to come during restaurant week to take advantage of the special menu. My husband and I both had the prime rib which was delicious!  Our spinach dip appetizer and the white chocolate brownie dessert were both also amazing. But I think what made me enjoy this place so much was how great the service was.  I waited tables for many years so I'm kinda picky about service and our server was top notch. Our food and drinks arrived quickly, we never had to ask for a refill and our server was very knowledgeable about the specials going on for restaurant week.  Great place to go on a date night!
5	The ahi tuna salad is amazing!  If you swing in before the lunch hour rush you can be seated right away.  The staff is so nice.  I can't wait to go back next week!  YUM!
4	We ate at White Chocolate while visiting a friend in Cave Creek.  I love a great hamburger and over the years have also come to love a great veggie burger.  One that doesn't try to imitate beef but rather can stand on its own veggie legs, so to speak.  Their quinoa burger just rocks.  Crunchy on the outside, great bun, excellent toppings, and full of flavor. We came back for another round on a different night.  Their other dishes were very good as well.  Everything fresh and tasty.  The flash grilled tuna over salad was particularly good as was their caprese salad.  Sides were equal to the main dishes.  Service was friendly, and the atmosphere very nice.  Definitely worth a visit.
2	I just don't know about this place. We  had to wait for a table for an hour and a half.  Menu deceiving - oven roasted beets??  They were cold!!  Steak listed on a bed of mashed potatoes and we got maybe a tablespoons worth.  Waiter was not attentive.  Manager not very accommodating but did offer a side of mashed potatoes.  Not sure if we will return???
5	Great food. Great service. Always been fantastic. I use open table to set my reservations and never had a problem. Just keep up the great service.
5	I wish I could tell you how awesome their entree's are but I can't. We had an awesome appetizer and a dessert to die for!!! To say they were good would be a lie. I might sell my husband just for another brownie!! If you looking for great dessert you HAVE to try this place!!!
5	Being that my office is near this restaurant, I have probably been here about 20 times in the last three years. The staff are always accommodating and friendly. The assortment on the menu is excellent, and everything I've ever ordered there has met or exceeded my expectations. The ambience is quite inviting, but it is not a place for young children. One of my favorite things on the menu is a turkey dip sandwich that comes with a side of mushroom gravy. It is delicious! In addition, their couscous cannot be beat. My favorite dessert...when I allow myself to have one!... Is the white chocolate bread pudding. It is simply a slice of heaven! If you're looking for a great place to meet somebody for lunch or a romantic dinner, this is the place. Some of the menu items can be a little pricey, but their food is the best. As I said, I have been here several times throughout the past few years and I've never had one problem with my order. This is one of my favorite places restaurants in the Valley! Try it...you'll love it!
4	This place is rapidly becoming one of our go-to spots.  My wife loves the ribs, and I am a big fan of the chicken sandwich.   Also a great place for for a salad at lunch or dinner.  It is always jammed, but the service is spot on, and we have not had a meal there that we didn't like.  But better make a reservation.
5	When a glass of wine and beets can make my day. The food is unbelievably good for such a casual place. The French dip was absolutely amazing and you must order the cous cous as your side . We love this place and always go here for lunch when in the area
5	We love this place.  Each year we come to Scottsdale for a week and always eat here.  We have had a full dinner but most times we eat in the bar for happy hour; it's t from 2PM until 6PM and you can make a reservation for the bar area as well as dining.   The menu is limited to 4 or 5 items but how about a  1/2 rack of baby-back ribs and fries for $8.99 and 3 pork sliders and fries for $6.99;  it's perfect.  The happy hours drinks are the usual Cosmo's, etc so if you want a scotch or something of that sort expect to pay about $10 for a moderate priced brand like Dewar's.  Love this place.  The staff is friendly and the restaurant and the bar nicely appointed.
5	WCG has been our favorite place for awhile. Menu choices are great. Never been disappointed and staff is very accommodating. The tall gentleman behind bar enjoys mingling with bar guests as he is constantly staying busy. This is a great stop for lunch, HH or dinner!
5	This restaurant is my favorite of all time. Tonight my dad and I enjoyed two specials that I have never had, the side of spaghetti squash and the pumpkin pie cheesecake as dessert. Both were fantastic and the spaghetti squash is gluten free, which I love. If you are in the area, definitely give this place a try, you cannot go wrong with the ahi tuna salad, the dancing crab cakes, or anything else for that matter.
4	The food was good. What did we eat?We had the Jumbo Shrimp, The Blackened Mahi, The Mahi burger, The Trout and something I can't remember. For dessert, we had the bread pudding and the white chocolate brownie.I recommend the Blackened Mahi (not the burger). For some reason, the burger came out cold and not cooked. The regular dish came out fine. Plus, crab on top of Mahi... how can you go wrong? It's delicious. But if you get a bad burger, let them know ASAP.Service was pretty decent. The desserts are probably what they are good at it. The main dishes were ok... So if you are here for desserts, it will be less of a disappointment. But if you are in the area looking for a posh place to eat, this is it.
4	Based on a suggestion we tried White Chocolate. From a meal cuisine standpoint it's 4 stars but from a value standpoint it's 5 stars. We had the Atlantic Salmon, Layered Chicken Enchiladas and the Tomato Gin Soup. The soup was wonderful...5 stars!  The salmon was very good but not special enough for 5 stars. The enchiladas were very good and quite a large portion. I'm a big guy and couldn't finish it. The nice thing is that the prices are very reasonable for a nice restaurant, will good atmosphere in Scottsdale which is why I say from a value standpoint it's 5 stars. We paid $53 for two and that included a glass of wine. Highly recommend when in Scottsdale.
5	Exceptional meal, the French Dip rivals that of Huston's...my Mom had the Pork Tenderloin with a side of Glazed Carrots, simple yet delicious! Hubby had the Fried Chicken Salad, fresh & delicious as well.  When our meal was over Mom mentioned to the waiter this was the best meal she has ever had in a restaurant, she eats out for 80% of her meals...a HUGE compliment to WCG.. Thank you for one excellent meal, we definitely will be back
2	Went back a couple of weeks ago and thought I was hallucinating.  Let me preface by saying that every age group has a right to eat wherever they want and I am ok with that.  It was just eerie that, after I double checked every booth, I was the youngest person there.  People, I am not young.As usual, service was very good.  The food was ok, not great.  Clearly it is relying on the tried and true vs exciting.  The restaurant is still attractive, but the atmosphere isn't the same when you overhear those around you complain multiple times to the server how salty the food is and how cold it is in there (as a Phoenix native who finds 85 degrees my perfect temp, I am confident in saying it was definitely not cold in there).WCG is still good for a nice family dinner and would not be a good choice for date night or girls/guys night out.
4	Excellent pulled pork sandwich! 100% pork -no fat! Also very nice French fries. My husband had an Amana blue cheese burger and he loved it also.
5	White Chocolate Bread Pudding is deelish and the Raspberry Cheesecake is unbelievable! Good lawd!
4	Great find for Arizona!  Food was great!  Service was great!  We loved our waitress...  Ask for Susie!  The Citrus Glazed Salmon was cooked correctly and tastefully.
5	Salmon salad a great way to start eating healthy in the new year. Will & Heather very friendly and efficient.
5	The food, ambience and service are great!  We had New Year's Eve dinner here and will definitely be back.  The wine, Caesar salad, Parmesan crusted filet and white chocolate brownie definitely hit the spot...and at a reasonable price!
