5	Business takes me out to Mesa yesterday.  After chatting with a friend about possible lunch locations, he tells me about Georges Gyros, near University and Country Club.  I decide to give it a try, as it isn't too far from my destination.  Situated right next door to Sun Devil Liquors, I'm surprised I hadn't been there before, or, for that matter, even noticed it.  I guess when I hit SDL, I've got tunnel vision.  First thing I notice is there appears to be plenty of parking, even at 12:30, for lunch.  Outer patio, stuck out into the parking lot, not overly appealing, might be nicer in the evening, I guess?  The interior is clean, plenty of seating, a small bar at one end, and a counter from which you place your order.  Never having been before, I ask the counter-person for a recommendation.  "What's good?"  He suggests the Original Gyro, served with fries or a greek salad.  Sounds good, I'll take it with fries.  With drink, under $9.  A few moments later (actually, I saw three other tables get served, so it seemed like a longish wait), a ginormous gyro arrives, with a huge helping of fries.  The gyro was huge, overflowing with, umm, meat, gyro meat, I guess, white onions, diced tomatoes and cucumber sauce (Tzatziki, I think).  The meat was well cooked, artfully shaved, and tender.  The sauce was also very good.  The pita?  Warm, soft and tasty.  The fries? Crisp and golden brown, and piping hot, about 3-4 times the size of Mickie D's or about 1/2 a 'steak fry'.  I was very impressed with the quality of the food, the cleanliness of the dining area, and the presence of a bar.  Most folks were eating gyros, or good sized greek salads.  Other items on the menu include several different gyros, burgers, sandwiches, a decent selection of pasta dishes and all kinds of Greek and non-Greek appetizers.  I plan on coming back, perhaps before a foray into Sun Devil Liquors...
4	Back east, we would call this place a "Dive".And that's a good thing! It means you get great food, big portions, reasonable prices- a place to really get your "grub on" .........without any unnecessary pretense.That being said, this isn't just a "Gyro Stand". The menu has a nice Chicken dish with lemon and capers over rice (kind of a Greek Piccata I guess), that my GF just loves. The hummus is excellent. The Greek salad w/Chicken is real Man-Salad material with big kalamata olives, feta, and a monstrous hand-tenderized, chargrilled chicken breast.True to it's form, George's really delivers for people who don't need to pay too much to realize they're getting great food.
2	Great gyros but the owner is always really rude.
5	Love this place!  It's definitely not fine dining ... it's just a mom 'n pop that serves great food.  Best part of the decor is the framed pictures of scenes in Greece.  But the food!  Fresh, great quality ingredients, great sized portions, reasonable prices.  I'm originally from Chicago, and I think the owners are, too ... going to George's reminds me of being back home.  Great gyros served with a yummy and substantial Greek salad is my fave!
5	This place is great!  I'm originally from the Chicago area, where Gyros places are a dime a dozen and I had been missing it until I found George's.  Just like the places back home.  Good food, good prices, the staff is as friendly as can be and they even have a small bar if you want a drink with dinner.    I reccomend a shot of Ouzo.  Cheers!
5	this place is a staple. its real no frills gyros are the best. Im from nyc originally and this is what i want when i think gyro. other places are popping up across the valley, but so far georges has the most meat for the cheapest. the rice is lacking, so stick to the fries or just salad. they have a chicken gyro which is good and a chicken ceasar pita. those r what id stick to. I eat there at least 3 times a month. the gyro and eiether fries or salad is 6.25 and its never that crowded in the lot or the restaurant b/c most people order to go. they also get a lot of cops from the police station and theyre orginally from michigan. finally if your into sports, they tend to play them on their big screen.
4	For years Georges has been my favorite place to eat Gyros! And at the lunch hour this is definitely the place to be! Their Gyros Sandwiches come with either a Greek salad, which is full of great veggies and always fresh or some really tasty fries! Wow writing this review makes me want to rush over to Georges now!!They serve everything Greek you can think of as well as Italian. There food is always delicious and I have never been disappointed!
5	The best gyro place in AZ...hands down
3	I came here last night to try this place out, and its not half bad.  Definately a local dive, its a tired little resturant that seems to have been around forever.  Definately a local mom and pop type shop.They have an ample menu, with a variety of items to choose from.  I went with the original Gyro, and got a greek salad. I really enjoyed the salad quite a bit, and the Gyro was ample and tasty.  You definately get your money's worth here!I recommend at least tryng this place, as the Gyros were worth every penny.  Its a no frills little dive, but the food makes up for lack of decor! O, and this place is closed on Sundays.
5	Amazing, best Gyro i have ever had and the greek salad is the great. Good pricing, good people, and they serve a good selection of beer!
5	Yummy!!! I love Georges, the best gyros in town, get fries or salad you can't go wrong with either. I can't decide which I like better the chicken pita or the original gyro both are so good guess it depends on your mood.  The lasagne is totally delish too.  My only complaint is the soda & tea tastes off, they definately need to install an RO system.
5	Yum!! We meant to go to Posidon, but seeing that Posidon was closed for no apparent reason, we headed up the street to George's instead. It looked like a crummy gyro fast food place from the outside (and inside to be honest). The menu had all the Greek must haves but nothing too crazy. After ordering a chicken pita with salad, I discovered that they didn't need to extra frills to prove how great they are. The chicken was cooked perfect, pita was soft and delicious, and the salad was exactly what I had been craving with it's balance of dressing, feta cheese, onions, and Greek olives. The boyfriend also nom-ed every last piece of his pork pita with tzatziki sauce on the side.I give George's five stars because their food blows other chain and better known Greek places out of the water- but they aren't gimmicky or over done. It's rather unfortunate that it's in a part of Mesa that might not be bringing in all the business it deserves. I'd like to relocate this place next to ASU, really. Next time I want to try the hummus and dolmades..mm.
4	If I'm in the mood for a Greek salad & some humus with pita bread, this is where I head :) Not much to look at but the food is great & the service is friendly. If you're going for lunch I'd recommend making it an early or late lunch, it can get crowded.
5	I go here as much as possible for lunch or to grab a quick take out for dinner.  Never have i had a meal that was less than great.  Perfect portions, service and great prices.  As close as it is to the Mesa PD, i don't think they go there due proximity, more the great food at a great price.
4	Great local establishment. Whoever said the owner is rude probably caught him on a bad day because he's usually very friendly. The souvlaki is amazing. Place might not look so aesthetically pleasing or even on the best side of town, but the food is killer and reasonably priced. OH! and the falafel is great too.
4	Great service and great food. Had the gyro combo cause it comes with very good hand cut fries. It was perfect more than enough meat could have maybe used some lettuce but I'm from back east and they are served that way.
4	Don't let the outside fool you!I came here for lunch with a friend and had the Chicken Pita with Salad. The dressing on my salad was so tasty that I wished I ordered a full salad for lunch. :) But once I tasted my pita I was equally satisfied! The food was delicious and if I'm in the area again, I would come by again.
3	My friend recommended George's for a good falafel pita. George's is plain, but this does not matter, only the food does! The falafel wasn't bad. I found it to be dry and plain. I don't want to completely toss this place out though, because it sounds like they also make a great greek salad. And to be honest, the gyro sauce was marvelous. So, George's, I will be back, and I look forward to that meal!
2	Fresh pita bread. Ok gyro meat. Side salad with not-so-fresh lettuce and ingredients.I wasn't impressed at all, and in my not-so-humble opinion, Chicago Gyro's and Pita Jungle are far superior.This is not to say that it was bad, it just wasn't anything to write home about...
5	I was craving a gyro and went to yelp to help me give me some ideas. Due to all the great comments about the food, I had made my decision and decided to try it out for myself. Well.... very happy I did. Food was great! Lots of meat and the salad was delicious! Although the place is not very pretty to look at, the food is well worth it. What's even better, it's super close to my house. I will definitely be going back!
4	I ordered their chicken gyro w/ a Greek salad!  Yummmy!  so fresh and the sauce... delicious.  Not the best location and facility but the food is great!
4	This was one of my favorite lunch spots when I worked at the East Valley Tribune down the street. I used to come here a lot with one of my co-workers because she enjoyed ogling the help (and also because the chicken pita with lemon mustard sauce was delicious).Right before I changed jobs and moved across town, George's turned up in the paper's "Dirty Dining" feature about health code violations. I haven't been back since then, but judging from the reviews, I assume they've cleaned the place up (they would have been shut down if they hadn't). I'll have to go back some time!
4	Amazing amount of food. Meals come with either fries or a greek salad.I went with the original gyro, and a salad.The salad was delicious, with just enough dressing.The gyro was fantastic, with fresh tomatoes and tzatziki.Prices are above fast good, but the quality is definitely there, and it's nice to support local businesses.
4	I eat here for lunch from time to time. Great food for a great price. So if you like gyros then this place is for you!
3	My coworker recommended this place so I decided to give it a try. I had the Gyro lunch with fries. It was pretty good, nothing outrageous and I've definitely had better but given the area and it's limited lunch options I can see myself coming back here in the future.The restaurant was small and service was friendly. The "bar" was awkward; looked like it didn't really belong but I guess it's always great to have the option of enjoying a drink with your meal. I guess I see this more of a quick service dine and dash kind of joint, that's why.
4	Classic Gyro joint food! Can't go wrong with the Original Gyro, with a Greek Salad.. being the mega carnivore I am, I opt for extra meat! :) Order some extra tzatziki sauce if you're a fan of it.. I tend to enjoy my gyros swimming in it.  Also, the building itself is a great example of classic Mid-century "Googie" Architecture. Glad to have such a cool little spot a block away.
5	Best Gyros I've had. Super filling, good staff, and one time I bought a Coke and forgot to get it out of the fridge. I went back a couple weeks later to get another gyro and they gave it to me.
4	The gyros are delicious and there is a huge rush at lunch.  Don't be fooled by the slightly sketchy exterior.  I go with the chicken Caesar pita and I'm never disappointed.  They have side salad options but the fries are pretty tasty as well. The price is reasonable for what you get, worth trying!
5	This sets the standard for all Gyros for me. Everywhere else has to try to at least be close to George's. All fail. I can't speak to the entire menu because I can't get past the gyro and side salad. The fries look great and they do have pasta on the menu. The gyro's are the perfect blend of everything and delicious. I highly recommend them. It is a local joint and although they have tried to "up" the ambiance, it really doesn't matter. It is what it is. They are closed on Sundays.
5	I am from Chicago and my dad is from Greece and this is the best Gyro in AZ. Reminds me of what I used to get in Chicago!!! Great prices and awesome food. MUST STOP!!!!
5	George's Gyros is definitely the place to go for a gyro fix. The pita bread is so soft and pliable. The tzatziki sauce complements the juicy, thinly sliced meat very well. I love how they use a special slicing tool to shave the meat off the spindle. I always order my gyro with grilled onions make a huge difference versus ordering with the raw onion. Definitely an inexpensive place for lunch or dinner.
3	Great food, the service friendliness could be improved a little, but over all i really like it and would definitely eat there again!
4	If you like Gyros, then you will love this place, I do, good portions, very tasty.  They even serve booze there, but usually I am there for lunch, so have to go back to work, but its a great place.
4	Great food, gyro and salad are awesome.
5	This place is Great! The Portions are large to say the least. I ordered the Gyro platter and was very happy with the quality of the food that came out. It even came with a side salad that was a nice appetizer. The staff was very friendly and told me what i need to order for my first time there. I was very satisfied and had leftovers to satisfy my hunger again :)
4	This is a ma and pa store and that's one reason why I like it. Stop in and see George if you can. I've been here once and actually got served by George. Yes, they really are Greek. The place is a little, yellow joint with a tiny outdoor table with one rainbow colored umbrella over it. The inside is better. They have a tiny table and some stools for a "bar". However, there are cool posters of Greece on the wall that make up for the modesty of the place. The gyros are good, not sure about the American food. They have cold beers. Prices are reasonable. It's always dead when I drive by it. Hope it survives the depression. Tried to go back one time at 10AM when the door said it was open but the door was locked and nobody was inside. If I had more cash on hand, I would try another trip.
5	Love this joint. Tasty gyro meat and good portions went from the gyro combo with fries to the gyro platter to get that salad and fries or rice. Twice as much food for only a couple bucks more. Slam dunksky!
5	Wow, just Wow! One of the best meals I've had in a looong time. Ordered the "Greek Pasta"  melted butter, garlic , oregano & fresh cut tomatoes , topped with feta cheese. This comes with a small side salad and a piece of garlic bread. The pasta was so tasty & fresh, the salad itself while unremarkable was made outstanding by the house dressing on the side. I've been here many times, never been unhappy with the food or the service. And such a reasonable price too. Give it a try you wont be disappointed.
4	Good hummus, pita is great. Greek salad fair.
4	Good food at this little place.  Its pretty casual and the menu is mostly fried stuff,  but if your hungry its a nice place to stop for a bite.  They have more options than most small diners and some healthy choices.FYI Fries are very good.
4	Great pitas here for a good price. Steak can be a little dry but the chicken is great!
4	Amazing food very fair prices
4	We've been to Georges many times in the past, when we used to live over in that area. This last visit was very deliberate, since I am never in that neck of the woods, and me and my hubby decided that we would stop and eat lunch there.We always get the original Gyros with fries, or you can have a side salad, that seems to be very good too. My son had the chicken nuggets, since he doesn't like eating many "different" things, so we go with the safest option for him. He seemed to enjoy them, they looked pretty generic to me, but they came with a mound of fries, that he shared with his little sister.   The gyros were as usual, very good, with the perfect amount of tzatziki sauce, and onions and tomatoes. The pita bread was soft and good. Overall, it was really yummy, and although I am sure there are many places out there that might have better food, we like it here!!
4	I was in this area around lunch time and my colleague suggested we come here. I had never been to this place before, and he insisted it was great. First off, had it not been for his glowing recommendation I probably would never have come here. It's not much to look at and it looks unimpressive inside. It's pretty small and the linoleum floors are outdated. But when I took a bite out of my food, I was bowled over. I ordered a gyro salad. The gyro, which I found out was not made by them, was very good. I think I would have given this place a 5 star review if they had made the gyro meat themselves, but the woman at the counter had said they get it made like this from somewhere else. I mean, it is called George's Gyro. I thought they would have made it themselves. But nevertheless, the salad was perfect. I haven't had a greek salad this good before. It had the right amount of gyro meat, dressing and the veggies tasted fresh. I'm hardly ever in this area, but if I was close by and in a pinch, I would feel comfortable coming here again!
4	Awesome place. Right around the corner from my work. Love the chicken cesar pita and the gyro platter. You have to try this place!
3	A good place to get a gyro. The meat was cooked well, and the Pita was warm and chewy, but the Tzatziki was below average, the vegetables were an afterthought on the Gyro, and the fries were overly salted. The sandwich was okay overall and I will definitely return as I live in the area, but I have had better Gyros elsewhere.
4	Location- easy to find and plenty of parkingAmbiance- casual, clean, and sensible. Although the owner is continuously trying to modernize the place.Service- friendly. You order upon entering find a table and it will be taken to you. Usually a 5 to 10 min wait to get your food depending what was ordered.Food- Delicious! They have a simple menu, with much variety of choices: gyros, burger, hot dog, greek pizza, pasta, and salads. I enjoy that you can choose a salad as a side vs french fries.
4	I heard this was the best gyro in town. It was ok. I felt like it had too much going on. My kid has spaghetti and pasta sauce but I had the gyro. Liked the look of the place, easy to get into and out of, and was pretty cool. There were no other people here. The gyro was totally yummy and she ate all her food, too. Not the best for sure, but if you want a gyro in Mesa, go here.
5	This Gyro place ever. This place has ruined Gyros for me forever I cannot eat one anywhere else. They have the softest pita bread and the most tender juicy meat. Get the original gyro or for just a little bit more you can get a gyro platter and get almost double the food.
4	The pita made it. Very fresh, soft and delicious. Super flavorful meat while keeping a very nice tenderness to it. My only complaint was that all of the sauce was put on one half of the Gyro. Kinda took away from the whole perfection of it. The fried zucchini was pretty damn good too!
5	If I could live here and eat Gyros and Greek Pizza all day I would. The food is one of my favorite places, the decor is simple and prices are reasonable. Plus you can get a whole ton of gyro meat (just the meat).
5	Get the Gyro Picado and a side Greek salad. Also, their iced tea is the freshest in the game.
5	Awesome customer service. Owners are great. The gyros are so delicious. The pita bread is so soft and fluffy. Yum.
5	Great food! The service is quick and laid back the attention to the details is amazing. Their tzatsiki is awesome just like their mustard sauce, fresh veggies and flavorful pitas! Had the Greek salad with chicken which was perfect light and the dressing was awesome. Also had the picado pita that was amazing the perfect mix of spicy. This is a gem of mesa
4	I avoided trying this place because it never looked busy when I would drive by. We ended up eating here for dinner with a friend, seems most orders are to go. Our gyros, fries and salads all were very good and the prices pretty reasonable.
5	The best gyros in town by far. A nice quiet place to get lunch and get caught up on some espn. If you like spicy stuff, try the gyro picado.
5	Visited the Phoenix area during Memorial Weekend. My husband wanted to try this place so badly because of the wonderful Yelp reviews ;-). I'm not that adventurous with food and never want to try new things. I trusted my husband and agreed to go. I ordered the original gyro. We also ordered fried mushrooms and hubby got some dinner platter.  I really enjoyed my gyro. You get so much goodness for a good price. Ate til my stomach hurt, in a good way, of course. Coming back out in August and will definitely stop by here again!!!
3	I flew in for a few days and this was close to my hotel so I stopped in, I love gyros. The costumer service was great and it was a good environment, but the gyro was not what I have had elsewhere. I can from Provo, UT (not many great places to eat) and the gyros in Provo are far superior and cheaper than here. This said, they were pretty big and filling and decently delicious; nothing above average.
5	Yummy yummy food! This is a favorite at the office for lunch. Orders are always ready within 10-15 of calling and they've never disappointed. Cant go wrong with the original gyro and the hummus
4	I drove by daily for years and it always apoeared almist empty. I really enjoy Greek food and afterstopping in went back probsbly six times. More out of hunger and convenience. Service and food were average and I enjoyed every visit. There is no atmosphere and the layout almost seems like any afterthought. If you haven't tried it you might as with most people, enjoy it.
4	This mom-and-pop restaurant is one of my partner's and my favorite places to eat when going out. The food is prepared quickly, and it tastes delicious! The price isn't bad, especially considering how much food they put on the plate. I usually cycle between the original gyro and the chicken pita. You can choose either a salad or fries as your side. I personally choose the fries, since I'm not a big fan of their salad.  The gyro itself has lots of meat layered inside as well as a tasty sauce mixed with onions. The pita bread they use is great, too. Thick bread and holds the food contents well, just how I like it!The only downside I can think of that affected me was that I didn't like the taste of the water very much. It's not that big of a deal if you're a soda drinker, though.One more thing! They have a large TV that displays sports, so if you want to watch a game while having dinner out, it's not a bad place to be. I was able to catch the semi-final soccer game thanks to them.If you're ever around downtown Mesa for an event or convention, I'd highly recommend eating here! Affordable, quick, and satisfying!
3	This place is just an average Gyro joint. Flaming kabobs and haji baba are at better, but when in mesa and you need some gyros this place is alright
4	We are regulars here and absolutely love this place for their gyros. Best gyros I think I have had in Mesa (food is always ready between 10-15 mins if you call ahead). Not only that the owners (I believe they are, we always see them) always know our order and now don't have to give names which is always a nice touch for them to actually remember you. You get lots of food for a pretty good price. My only complaint would be when we get home the fries are soggy, but I chalk that up to the 10 minute drive home.
