3	Not bad for a quick bite to eat inside a hotel whose other restaurant options are super expensive or...well, Mickey D's.I had the meatloaf sandwich, and my girlfriend had the Sicilian Tuna fish sandwich. We both enjoyed our respective sammiches, but when I tried her fish sammich, I found it a little more fishy than I like my Tuna sammiches to be (that's a weird complaint, I know).The best part was eating the s'morewich, which was exactly what it sounds like it is.
4	loved that ciabatta turkey avacado and bacon. very delicious. and great for a quick bite before we headed to the hockey game at the mgm. worth the 10 minute wait. though they need more chairs for people to sit at - we had to stand out in the hall to eat our sandwiches. =/
3	I wouldn't say bad but I wouldn't say good either. I was drawn to the name b/c I thought it sounded clever. We were starving and this place sounded like a better option than a slice of pizza or McDonalds. Plus we didnt want to get too full because we had dinner reservations with some friends a couple hours later.They've since opened up a new location in SF but I doubt I'd choose to go here over all the great options that populate the city.
4	very very happy with our sandwiches. :) i got the breakfast steak sandwich which was strip steak with mushrooms, fried egg on a ciabatta and SO got the meatloaf sandwich. Both sandwiches were superb, meatloaf was perfectly tender and moist and the steak and eggs was well flavored. our good friend ordered a panini and it looked ok, but was significatly on the small side. :( stick to the sandwiches and stay away from the paninis!
4	I stayed at the MGM back in September with a few of my girlfriends. After a full morning out by the pool, slightly tipsy from a few drinks, we were ready for lunch.... a cheap-ish lunch by Las Vegas standards. So a friend and I gathered the $$ and went on the hunt for some food.This place caught our eye, as did the wonderful smell coming from inside. The line was pretty quick, there are a tone of different and unique sandwich choices, and wow it was one of the best sandwiches I've had. Needless to say we ate lunch here the next two days.My personal fave. is the Panini with chicken breast, roasted red pepper, mozzarella and pesto on country bread....yummy!
3	i'm giving this place 3 stars not for the food (it was good and a decent value!) but the fact that it's not very vegas. you should splurge a little, or find something a little more exciting. if this sandwich shop was close to where i worked i'd probably rave about it. on the other hand if you're trying to get away from the crowds, over-glam decor and excessive neon lighting and such, then it's a good place to go hide out and "escape" the intensity of vegas for a little while.
3	Not too thrilled with this place. I didn't see how we had to wait 20mins when there were only 3 other people waiting for food. We each paid $15 for a sandwich and a water, which is a lot for the tiny sandwich  (with minimal meat) I received. Probably wouldn't go back there anytime soon.
3	I'll give this place 3 stars.  I didn't like the atmosphere much, they could have done more to make it less "fast food joint" -ish.  Fluorescent lighting, not so comfortable chairs.   As Emma said in her review, the wait is pretty ridiculous.   I must have waited 20 minutes as well and it wasn't even crowded.  I did have a pretty delicious sandwich - I opted for the warm roasted pork sandwich.  It's a unique one...  very spicy, which I love.  I liked the fact that they didn't overstuff the sandwich with too much pork to show value, it was the perfect amount.  The pork was accompanied by sliced jalapenos and mustard on an Acme type roll.  Yum.   I just saw that they opened one in SF, I will definitely check it out.
4	Skip the lunch sandwiches and go straight to dessert -- the ice cream sandwich is AMAZING!!!Two humungous chocolate chip cookies, pleasantly chewy with shredded coconut and oatmeal, are melded together with a decadently thick layer of creamy vanilla bean ice cream. This thing is as big as the regular sandwiches they serve and meant for at least two people to share.
2	Overpriced.  That's about all I can say about this place.  The sandwiches were okay, but 2 average sandwiches and 2 sodas for $30??I won't be going back.
4	Best Cheap place for lunch in Vegas. MGM grand is home to some of the best restaurants in Vegas. This sandwich shop is no different.  Great sandwiches, sides and soups. I have eater here many many times, and it's always consistently good. If you're in vegas on a budget or time crunch, stop here. Unfortunately it is tucked away at the back of CityWalk.
3	I don't know how many times I've been through MGM and passed by this place.  I've always wanted to try it and I finally did.  It was better than I thought.i figured it to be your regular sandwich shop,  however they offered a dazzling variety of sandwiches that were pretty tasty.  i was pretty happy w/ the meatloaf sand which and the chicken pesto panini wasn't bad either.They serve breakfast sandwiches all day long which is an added bonus for all of us that love breakfast food.I will say that the prices are pretty high compared to other sand which places, especially for what you're getting.  The dining area is also pretty small and cramped, so if it's crowded, it doesn't build for a comfy dining experience.
3	hmmm.. decent sandwiches. fast service. I'd say nice to take to munch on by the pool. But this is the only place that sells whoopie pies (that I know of in Vegas), which is awesome. However, the pies arent up to par, but still cool that its sold here. all in all try it and decide for yourself.
4	Okay- I jock restaurants that are hawked by Top Chef and Food TV personalities. If they give it a shot out, maybe it's worth the effort to see if they are just blowing smoke up your ass or not.This is no smoke. Tom Colicchio (I can't spell it right but he's the hot bald judge on Top Chef/chef/restaurateur) makes a mean and inexpensive sandwich.  I've had the grilled gruyere with carmelized onions and the goat cheese with avocado and lovelovelove. And if you like paninis your palate will be pleased. Worth a break from the MGM lazy river to visit for a quick bite.
2	I wanted to love this place so badly! I love Tom, I love his concept I just really dislike this place. Meager over priced sandwiches, awkward setup and space and really bad counter help. The menu even sounds good but when it comes to taste, bland, boring and under seasoned. Sorry Tom, I tired, I really did. The 2 stars are for the pullman pb&j!
3	Definitely the best "fast food" option in the MGM, but in the grand scheme of quick take-out joints, not actually all that impressive.  I expected more given the Tom Colicchio connection.  The menu is surprisingly limited, especially for breakfast, which only features three options.  I had the prosciutto and sweet butter on a baguette one morning, which was fine if heavily salted.  Then for lunch on a different day, I had some sandwich involving goat cheese, avocado, walnuts, celery, and probably some other stuff I'm forgetting because it was completely unmemorable.
2	We passed by this place a couple of times before trying it it out for lunch one day.  The selection seemed limited for a sandwich shop and the service was a bit on the slow side given that we were the only people ordering at the time.I ordered the tuna with fennel and olives sandwich which was a letdown because the sandwich didn't have any olives or at least I couldn't taste them.  My friend ordered the PB&J which he liked, but he asked if they could put it on one of the fancier breads they had, but they said only white or wheat.For a somewhat pricey sandwich shop, with a limited menu and lack of customizing options, I'd have to say this place is a letdown.
3	whatttt.... this place has something to do with Tom C.? no way.I wouldn't have thought.Well, now the price makes sense.the food was good but we were pissed off about the prices.but now i get it. but i'm still pissed off.*edit*4/28ended up eating here twice, as it was close to where i was staying (signature) and seemed a bit healthier than the farmer's market grease-laden food. had the turkey with avocado and balsamic onions (hot sandwich). it was spectacular.the next day i had the peanut butter and jelly. i would have preferred it toasted but perhaps pb&j is traditionally served on untoasted bread. who knows. i'm not fully american.the goat cheese celery cold sandwich was a refreshing and delicious choice. also untoasted.wassup with the untoasted sanwiches? i don't know. but anyway, the panini was also good. but... i still give it three stars.
2	Very very expensive! I did not like the sandwich I got which was some gorgonzola, walnut, watercress/celery concoction but my boyfriend enjoyed his roast beef on a roll. Dasani water is $3. Our meal total $23. RipOff.
3	The sandwiches taste great, but a little on the pricey side.  It was $10 for an average sandwich.  But I figure since its in a tourist area thats how much it'll cost.  But the peanut butter and jelly sandwich was awesome!!  It was huge and was only $4!!
4	I'm a sandwich girl.I was excited to see this New York establishment in Vegas.  While the sandwiches are pricey I just had to try it.  Interestingly enough the menu didn't seem that crazy, nothing really popped out at me. I got the roasted turkey with bacon, avocado, balsamic onions and some sort of mayonnaise.  I'm not typically a warm sandwich person but this was really good.  They put tons of bacon in it and the mayo wasn't too heavy.Next time I'm going for the roasted pork with red cabbage and jalapeos :)
4	I actually didn't think the price was that bad compared to some similar places. My sandwich, chips and drink were 15 - so my hometown it's not, but at some places, two slices of rubbery pizza would cost more. As a vegetarian, there were several options for me that felt healthier and fresher than other deli-type selections, and  I've enjoyed it the two or three times I've eaten there.
3	Went to the place earlier this week.  Very crowded, long wait for food, not a huge selection, pretty pricey.  We get our food and my wife loves her panini, chicken breast.  My daughter loves her sandwich, turkey, avocado, & bacon.  My son and I were disappointed with our panini, another chicken and red peppers variation.  The tomato soup was very good.My wife went back the next day, and I order the chicken, avocado panini and really enjoyed it.  The price is fine with me, if I get what I pay for.  My wife would give it a 5 star, but my experience is a bit more tepid.  The design of the place is interesting and the staff is very pleasant.
4	Well, it's Vegas you know, and it ain't gonna be cheap anywhere, so when I stumpled upon the 9 dollar BLT at Witchcraft I thought I was lucky to find this high quality sandwitch, I mean wich, for that measly price.  It was big enough for me to share with another person and there was a ton of bacon which, or witch certainly cast a spell on me.  If I would have eaten the whole, uh hole thing,  I might have gotten a stitch in my side while swimming in the lazy river after but like I said, I shared because I wasn't that hungry having eaten a nasty weinerschitzel chili dog thing earlier. So, the moral of the story is "Don't drink those nasty $18 retarded drinks that come in a plastic hookah"
3	It would have been better had they taken your order when you got right in, so after you waited in the long line and slowly made your way to the other end of the counter, your sandwich could have been ready.  Foresight wasn't present.I got the turkey, red pepper, and mozzarella panini (which I did like), the other ladies got PB&J and I can't remember the other sandwich.  Portions were small, prices were high.  My sandwich was good, but I hadn't eaten anything for almost 24 hours, so I imagine just about anything would have been tasty.
3	Too inconsistant... I ate there twice and the first time it was soooo good (got the turkey/avocado/onion and one of the breakfast sandwiches) HOWEVER two days later i got the same things and it wasn't nearly as good.  It is pricey for sandwiches but not compared to the $4.50 tall soy lattes i was buying from the starbucks.
2	Pullman PB&J is still pretty awesome.. the rest sucks! Is suck a technical term?
4	wonderful sammiches~burned my tongue but at least I wasnt hungry anymorewhat did I eat? I dont really remember...all I know is that there was chicken and cheese and red bell peppers.seats were a bit to strange to sit in, and I like the fact how it was actually pretty quiet, away from the hustle bustle of Vegas. Luckily there was no line.So Service was nice, with smiles and pretty quick with the food
3	Not too shabby.   A "high end" sandwich shop, I suppose?  Do we really need a high end sandwich shop?  And pay 9-10 bucks for one?   So... I had a turkey with avocado sandwich and I have to say it was mighty tasty.  But for crying out loud, to come here for lunch and spend 30 bucks for two, ouchie.   (And yes, I know... everything inside the MGM is expensive!)But now I can say, been there done that.   Next...
3	since i was staying at the mgm signature for the weekend, i really didnt have too many options for food close to my hotel....so after my long walk to the mgm hotel and since 'witchcraft is the first restaurant i saw, i opted to just eat here. other than the food court with fast food options, i was looking for a quick, "affordable" dinner. my breakfast steak and egg sandwich (served all day) was probably the most expensive sandwich that i have ever had in my life haha...2 sandwiches + $5 side salad  + $3 dasani water was close to $30. i'm just glad that since this was a order at the counter, pick up your food kind of place that i didnt have to tip extra haha. the sandwiches were good, but not great for the price. i didnt think the food was anything spectacular although i did think that the balsamic vinaigrette dressing on the salad was pretty tasty.
4	I wouldnt say this sandwich shop is cheap, its just the same as Quizno's and Subway. I think its also organic as well. I had the Chicken breast with  roasted red pepper, mozzarella and pesto on country bread, fruit and drink combo and it was very delicious!!There are alot of selection on the menu, if anyone wants to eat lunch or something light i'd suggest going here and choose the combo, cheaper and it will save you money :D
4	I heard about this place from Top Chef, because it's owned by Tom Colichio, and I have such a huge crush on that man. Me and my girlfriends always take a trip to vegas about twice a year and each time we will hit this sandwich place. It's in a pretty easy to get to location. The only part that sucks is that you have to walk through all these other super nice restaurants, and so I get really hungry for the other stuff. I think all of the sandwiches there were delicious, not your normal sandwich at your local mom and pop store. But it is much pricier than your average sandwich, but for Vegas, it was a good price. I enjoyed every bite of my panini. Each time I go I try to get something different, and they seem to change the menu out so there are always new sandwiches to try!! If your on a budget or if you just busted all your money gambling, you should try witchcraft. Happy Eatings.
3	preety ok
3	i love the pulled pork sandwich other than that everything is a more than a little pricey!!! well that's Vegas for ya! 15$ for a sandwich, 4$ for water = the most expensive sandwich I've eaten. i would say, this is not a bang for your buck! go to subway and get your 5 dollar foot long.
5	Been here twice and I had the roast beef both times. My vegetarian fiancee got the goat cheese cucumber sandwich and we loved them both. Add the great chips and the designer sodas and you are in business. A little bit pricey but when you consider it is gourmet sandwiches than it is not so bad. We love all things top chef so that is an added bonus.
3	You know how in some families there's the really good child? The one that always listens to mommy and daddy? The one that studied real hard in middle school, got into Lowell High School, made a 4.0 GPA took all the AP courses and easily made it into Berkeley where they promptly majored in MCB and then got a job at Genentech? Then there's the OTHER child. The one mommy and daddy don't talk about. The one that started smoking in middle school, was doing tequila shots in high school, and whose major in college was binge drinking and raving? This is the child that grows up to pass bad checks and scamming old ladies out of their Social Security. Well, in the Tom Colicchio family of Craft restaurants, Craftsteak is the Golden Child and 'wichcraft is the Black Sheep. I had really high expectations for 'wichcraft after being absolutely wowed by the way they presented their Wagyu at Craftsteak. However, I was sorely disappointed. There are several 'wichcraft locations and this review pertains to the Las Vegas one located in the MGM Grand in Vegas. I was looking at an overnight poker session and wanted to fuel up for it, so my buddy JDubbs and I went to give this place a try.Looking over their website, I get the feeling that the concept is something akin to fresh ingredients, hand-made, gourmet sandwiches. However, 'wichcraft only got 2 out of 3 right. I had the Corned Beef, Sauerkraut, Swiss cheese and Whole Grain Mustard on Rye Bread Panini while JDubbs had the Chicken Breast, Roasted Red Pepper, Mozzarella, and Pesto on Country Bread Panini.First off, I like my sandwiches hearty (and usually cold), but the Corned Beef be"wiched" me so I decided to make an exception. When I got the sandwich, the first thing I noticed was how dainty it was. I didn't think it was going to fill me up, and it didn't. Texture wise, it was great. The panini was toasted well and had some lovely grill marks on it. Corned beef and sauerkraut completed each bite. Flavor wise, nothing jumped out at me. It was just another sandwich. A quote from this season's Top Chef sums it up for me, it was the bland leading the bland. JDubbs' Chicken with Pesto wasn't much better. The chicken was a little dry, but this was poorly masked my the mozzarella and pesto. Again, great texture, but not a lot of flavor. For the money, you really don't get a lot of bang for your buck. To coin another Top Chefism, 'wichcraft needs to pack up its knives and go home.
4	At first, you think to yourself - "$10 for a sandwich?" but then u realize u are in Vegas and realize that $10 is not too shabby.  Plus, once you take a bite of their sandwiches, you become very thankful that you took the extra few steps and walked to 'wichcraft as opposed to ordering from the stage deli next to the sports bet.I'm a HUGE HUGE fan of their paninis.  All of them are good - well, at least the ones with meat - chicken breast, pork, corned beef... yum yum yum!  PLUS... if you have a sweet tooth or are craving something sweet, you MUST MUST MUST try their WHOOPIE PIE.  It's only $3.50 and oh man, the combination of the chocolate and white creamy stuff is DELISH~
2	I don't really care who Tom Colicchio is, but if you are him and charge 10+ for a sandwich, I expect as much. But we came in here hungry off the strip and boy was it underwhelming. Sure they've got some interesting sauces, but I'll say the sandwiches are as thin as a coked out new york super model.  I had the roast pork and cabbage and it was chewy and dry and uninspired. Nothing special about the place, like a glorified cafeteria. I'd say get plastered before you stumble in and that might help, but it's all the way in the back of the MGM, so you may not even make it. If you do have to come and do have to pick something, get a baked sandwich at least. That way you know it's fresh and at least its warm.for $15 you can get the sandwich, drink, chip, and fruit combo, but the way I see it, all those extras just try to justify a lamed up sandwich.Tom stick to the kitchen, sandwiches are way out of your league.overrated. skip
2	Top Chef: Tom Colicchio, Head Judge, Seasons 1-5Here's my beef with chain restaurants started by people who are looking to capitalize on being well known (Take note Wolfgang)...your "big name" is a double edged sword.  On one hand, you're hoping to draw me in to your low-end restaurant because it's Tom Colicchio's place and I've had good experience in your high-end place.  With that, though, comes the expectation on my part that you won't serve food that isn't of an appropriate quality to be associated with your name.  I was sorely disappointed by my visit to 'wichcraft.  I mean, I'm not expecting a sandwich place to be a complete gourmet dining experience, but I judge it as a sandwich place, so its possible to get 5 stars "as a sandwich place'.  'wichcraft left a lot to be desired.  The space, in a big Vegas "strip mall" known as the shops at the MGM or whatever, was not that inviting.  The sandwich, though was bad.  The idea (pork and cabbage) was good, but there was little filling inbetween two slices of very stale bread.  Tom, if this was your elimination challenge, I would have told you to pack your knives.
4	This is NOT a high-end sandwich restaurant, as some reviewers have pointed out. What it is, is a great place to get a great sandwich. Yes, it is more than you would pay for a sandwich almost anywhere else in the country, but this is Vegas, and on the strip! A great lunch spot if you do not want to deal with a full restaurant.
4	It's tradition for me to go to 'wichcraft whenever I'm in Vegas in the summer and I'm about to go to Wet Republic (also at the MGM). I can't walk past this place without wanting to go in and get a yummy sandwich. My favorites are the skirt steak sandwich and the chicken breast panini. I don't really think the prices are too high, considering the quality of the ingredients that are in your sandwich. If you want something cheap just head on over to "The Man" aka McDonald's.
4	I know it's a ten dollar sandwich... but seriously???? IT WAS HUGE PEOPLE!I have no clue what people are saying when they got little sandwiches... either they changed their staff or the others eat entire loaves of bread for lunch... I split my sandwich with my husband and I am no dainty eater...I ordered the chicken salad sandwich which was served with these pickled onions really thin slices.. and I wanted to hate them but we fell in love... the other guy we were with ordered a BLT, and seriously... they must have put the entire tuchus of that big onto those two slices of bread... he had to pull off slices to fit his mouth around the sandwich.I would agree that 10 bucks is steep... but this ain't no Subway people.  This is a seriously crafted sandwich... and I loved it.
5	Lunch for less than $10 in vegas (that isn't a buffet). I had the Tuna sandwich which had just the right amount of lemon, cheese and seasonings. My wife had the pork sandwich with Jalepeno, and red cabbage also very tasty. The food was so good we almost ditched our reservations at another place for dinner to go it at Craftsteak (Chef Tom Colicchio's high end restaurant).
5	I am a huge Tom and Top Chef fan so I tried Craft Steak the last time I was in Vegas and it was one of the best meals of my life so I was excited when I heard that this had opened.  We came here for lunch and were really impressed with the food.  I feel like this is such an underserved market in Vegas, your choices are either a sit-down restaurant that takes an hour to get through even a casual lunch or fast food.  Especially for lunch I am looking for somewhere that I can get in and out of and is reasonably healthy.  My husband is still craving the meatloaf 'wich he got from there.  My sandwich was also delicious, but the homeade lemonade was too sweet for me, I prefer mine to be more sour.  Overall, for the two of us to eat lunch it was under $20 and really a treat.  I hope that Tom puts a 'wichcraft in Chicago soon!
2	So disappointed that I don't know if this should be a 1 star or 2 star review! I was just thinking the sandwiches would be so good. We were given a $35 food credit from the MGM and we knew we wanted to use it at this place. So before we headed to the Hoover Dam, we stopped here for an early lunch. I'll agree that they do have unique combos. I ordered their goat cheese, celery, walnut pesto, and watercress sandwich. Jeff ordered their chicken panini. The sandwiches are PRE-MADE. Even Subway doesn't do that! That's probably where they began to lose me. I didn't even realize that my sandwich had pesto, but it did have celery. A lot of celery. Like I had ordered just a celery sandwich. No, no, no. Once I took out the huge chunks, the goat cheese and watercress was rather nice. Jeff said his panini was blah. Actually, that's how I feel about the whole experience. Blah
3	I was absolutely STOKED when I heard that this food establishment was just a couple hundreds of yards away when I checked into the MGM on Friday. I have been eyeing 'Wichcraft for a while now b/c there is one located next to Bloomindale's in SF, and I am the biggest fan of Top Chef on Bravo, plus, Esther Gertrude (my mother) allllllllllllllways raves about the hot turkey sandwich...so yeah, hands down, I was READY from the craftily made sandwiches for Friday's lunch. Well....for $10, I was a little underwhelmed with my roasted pork pannini. Something just didn't taste right....I tried some Tabasco; nope. Then some ketchup; sorta helped. I washed everything down with my Vegas priced Corona Light ($6), which sorta ameliorated the situation b/c it gave me a slight buzz...haha. Anyway, there aren't a lot of quick-bite options on Studio Walk, but for $10, I could have gotten a couple of happy meals at McDonald's across the way.
4	Ever since Tom Colicchio had the sandwich quick fire on Top Chef, I have wanted to eat at 'wichcraft.  Not only are sandwiches just about my favorite thing, but I am a sucker for WORD PLAY! My boyfriend and I grabbed an early lunch here before heading back to Orange County.  I had the prosciutto and sweet butter sandwich and he had something with a fried egg and blue cheese.  While prosciutto and butter sounds like a salt lick on a bun, it was super delicious.  The butter was very creamy like a brie.  My bf really enjoyed his sandwich.  I would definitely be back.
1	Disappointing. I dare TOP CHEF Colicchio to try the grill cheese. I think plastic has more taste.
3	I'll tell you my little secret, but you have to promise not to tell. Promise? I have been recommending Wichcraft to everyone who has been going to Vegas.  Don't tell anyone, but the closest I've come to a Wichcraft sandwich was through a TV screen.  I've never actually eaten there and have been projecting the deliciousness because of my love for Top Chef.That is, until now! When my coworker told me to meet her at Wichcraft for a quick lunch before leaving Vegas, I literally ran there as fast as I could, as I dragged my suitcase from Monte Carlo to MGM in the desert heat. I was excited! Finally, I was going to pop my Wichcraft cherry!The available all day breakfast and warm lunch sandwiches looked tasty, but I was quickly sandwich pressured into getting the warm turkey sandwich with avocado, bacon and balsamic onions and mayo on a roll.  Our Vegas driver has been dreaming about the Turkey Sandwich since December and was adamant that we try it as our first Wichcraft sandwich!  In the interest of not angering our driver, and risk being left stranded in Vegas, we all got the turkey sandwich.   It was delicious! The balsamic onion, avocado and bacon were a tasty combination! Except, I have a new little secret.  Don't tell anyone that went to Vegas with me.  If you do, I'll deny it!  I had food envy the whole time I was eating my dry, boring, although tasty turkey sandwich. I was secretly dreaming about the meatloaf and wanted to get that instead.I guess, there's always the next trip. Until then, 3.5 stars for good and quick sandwiches.
4	me and 2 others stopped by here looking for a quick bite.  it looked unique and different, and i had no idea it was owned by tom colicchio.i got the turkey avocado and bacon.  the sandwich was delicious!  the turkey was thick but a tad dry.  the avocado/mayo worked, and the bacon was delicious.yeah its a bit pricey, but what isnt in vegas?
5	Fell in love with the flavors and delicious turkey after ordering the famous  turkey sandwich with avocado, bacon and balsamic onions.It's definitely more expensive than the typical sandwich place, but I think the well-balanced flavors of the sandwich that I did try was amazing and worth it (not sure about the other sandwiches though).
1	I was so excited to try 'wichcraft to help with my hangover one fine, very hot Sunday morning, and could not have been more disappointed. I ordered the gruyere and carmalized onion panini, thinking a nice grilled cheese sandwich would do the trick. It tasted like toasted cardboard - completely bland, dry, tasteless. I actually went back and ordered another sandwich (grilled mozzarella and tomato panini) because the other one was completely inedible. The mozzarella sandwich was barely a step up - at least the cheese had a bit more flavor - but I was hungry, so I ate it. Just don't even go here.
3	I got the turkey, bacon, and avocado sandwich and it was pretty darn good! $15 gets you a sandwich, drink, chips, and a piece of fruit. I suppose it's a bit pricey, but I guess they need to find a way to pay for the chip bags made from PVC, receipts printed on something nearly like cardstock, napkins that are more like towels, and fancy wax take-out bags.
4	The price was a little high for a takeout place but after running on solely booze for 24 hour this shit tasted amazing! Get the chicken pesto panini or the Mediterranean salad. Lots of delicious prosciutto on the salad along with fresh avocado. Perfect to take to the sports book to watch the lions win a preseason game. Only time they will win. Same as last year. :(
5	Probably one of  the best Sandwiches locations in Las Vegas!!
3	You want a decent meal at the MGM?  Only medium overpriced?  'wichcraft [sic] gets the job done.
2	Tastes OK when you're hungry, but my husband and I both had stomach pains later. Too much raw onion maybe? I dunno.
2	I don't know what happened, but this place is terrible now. It was previously one of the best sandwiches ever, but my steak & egg breakfast sandwich was oily and i couldn't even finish it. My wife didn't like either of the sandwiches she tried.I'm very disappointed, we couldn't wait to get back here, but now the food is bad. See below for my first review.------------------------------------Best sandwiches ever!! It was the little things that made the difference. I had a turkey/avocado sandwich, but it was warm... not too hot or cold. But the real joy was the balsamic onions, it was a pleasant surprise that made a common sandwich uncommonly good.
3	Colicchio, I'm not impressed.I've been wanting to try 'wichcraft forever but every single time, I'm either too early or too late - they're always closed. So, during this past time to Vegas, I decided I MUST to go to 'wichcraft.I ordered the fried egg, bacon and blue cheese breakfast sandwich because, according to the rest of my Vegas clan, that was the most flavorful sandwich they tried. So, I grabbed it to go and sat by the pool, sandwich in hand. I unwrapped said sandwich and...I'm a little visually disappointed. The sandwich as a whole was nice shade of blah (with the egg, the blue cheese and the bread). The description claimed to have greens along with everything else but I saw no leafy greens - only pickled looking sprigs of veggies.Food-wise, the sandwich was flavorful, but it just wasn't mind boggling. I mean, it tasted blue cheese, bacon and eggs between bread...where's the flair in the sandwich?Colicchio, you can do better.
4	3.5 starsI guess you can say I have a little bit of chef-crush on Tom Colicchio.  I mean, he's not the only one.  I guess another one is Hubert Keller.  But I digress.Creeping in the shadows of his Las Vegas fine dining eatery, Craftsteak, is it's more laid back, little brother, 'Wichcraft.  Nice play on words, Tom, nice play.The layout and decor is pretty laid back and simple, which obviously is the point of a casual eatery.They have a decent variety of cold sandwiches, hot sandwiches, paninis, salads, and a couple of soups, as well as a couple of sweet items.  I eventually decided on a panini that had roasted pork, coppa, pepper relish, and fontina cheese on country bread.  It came simply wrapped in parchment paper but did not include a side, no chips or anything.  Oh well, whatever.I opened up the paper and it appeared somewhat simple and smelled pretty good.  Upon first bite, the pork was pretty good and not dry and the fontina cheese was good.  The bread was not too crunchy, thus the top of my mouth was saved from being ripped to shreds.While it wasn't the best panini I've ever had, it was still pretty good and I hear the breakfast sandwiches/paninis are pretty good, so next time I'm in Vegas and find myself at the MGM, I would probably stop by again.
2	I'm a Top Chef groupie. I'll own it. I watch the show religiously and when I get the chance, I will dine at Top Chef contestants' restaurants.  So, when I heard that Tom Colicchio's sandwich place was just a short walk from our hotel, you better believe I went.  The name was cute, and the sign kept reminding me of Wicked!,  and it was big Tom's restaurant, so all signs indicated that this would be a success. Oh how wrong I was.    I ordered the roasted pork sandwich with red cabbage and mustard. The pork was SERIOUSLY lacking in flavor, as was the cabbage (a little vinegarette would have helped). I even picked out a bone from the sandwich...yuck. For close to $10 for a sandwich, I expected better, especially since it's owned by a judge on Top Chef. I also tried a peanut butter chocolate cupcake (because it's my weakness) and it just didn't deliver at all. Disappointment all around. Inevitably, the meal was only good for absorbing the copious amounts of alcohol I'd put into my body by that time in Vegas, nothing more.If Padma were to try the sandwiches here, I'm sure she'd tell Tom to "pack his knives and go." True story.
3	Because he can!!!!That's the answer to why Tom Colicchio has his name on a pricey, non-descript but overcrowded sammich shop.It is perfect for running to in a moment of despair when you're hanging out at Wet Republic when it 103 degrees out and you don't want to pay for overpriced nachos poolside. After 3 frozen margaritas and one something they call a Miami Vice couldn't cool me off I ran to witchcraft for a goat cheese, portabello mushroom, spinich and pesto on honeywheat (?) with avo for $9.95 as an excuse to use the air conditioning.  It was good and very filling but I could have made it myself.  Well my friend Sarah could have made it, she's better at that stuff.  So it is what it is.  It's very useful in Vegas.  more useful than putting it all on black.
4	Got the skirt steak, oyster mushrooms, and fried eggs on a roll - Awesometown!  Skirt steak went well with mushrooms, and fried eggs with meat is always a winner.  Green salad with balsamic vinaigrette was good- thought is definitely apparent in choice of dressing.  Take two bucks off the sandwiches and make it more accessible (not inside MGM Grand) and you have a real, quick breakfast/lunch winner.
5	Stephanie took our order and was super friendly.   A little pricey $9.50 for a turkey sandwich but it's Vegas baby .
3	OK... ate there twice on our last visit over the TDay long weekend.  First meal (brunch) was a homerun.  The fried egg sandwich and blt were awesome.  Our 5-year old had a PB&J - and enjoyed it.  Was pricey... but everyone are everything.  4 stars.  Second day... just grabbed a BLT to go and it was so-so.  That's why I'm giving this review 3 stars.  I think its inconsistent.
2	Booooo, what a let down. I've had the oh-so-delicious-o cookies over @ WichCraft, San Francisco. Living in Southern California, there ain't no WichCraft in our 'hood. So... the next closest thing... Vegas baby, Vegas! Went to Vegas, and asked to make a special stop @ the MGM Grand, so that I can grab some cookies, to-go. I arrived there.. and there were NONE to be found! I didn't even bother trying a sandwich. I was seriously depressed to realize, the only way I can get wichcraft cookies, are to either go to San Francisco or New York. Boooo!
2	We came here for lunch while staying at the MGM Signature. Two of us decided to come here, while the rest of the group walked to the food court about 100 feet away (before the McRib came back). I ordered the Roasted Pork Loin with red cabbage, jalapenos and mustard on ciabatta roll. It wasn't anything special. The red cabbage added a good crunchy texture to the sandwich, but the pork was so dry that I had to wash it down with some coke after each bite.I expected more. Much more. Especially after trying Craftsteak and being blown away. For the $10 sandwich, I'd rather buy 3 McRibs because I ended up at McDonalds afterwards when I was still hungry.
3	I really wanted to looove 'wichcraft, and while I thought it was good, I unfortunately wasn't wowed by anything. Got the roasted turkey with avocado, bacon, balsamic onions and mayo, and the chicken breast panini with roasted red peppers and pesto (we split them). The chicken breast was pretty good, I liked the flavors a lot, but it was only a step above any panini that could be found at places like Panera Bread and the like. I didn't care for the turkey sandwich, mostly because the avocado on the sandwich was bad. It had turned brown, even black, I would say, basically to mush and I was appalled they could serve that! We also got one of their side salads of cucumber and fennel which was pretty good. The sandwiches were generously big. The service was friendly and their iced tea was good.
3	I wish this place had more sandwiches that he has in his cookbook. I am a sandwich addict. That being said, I left this place wanting more. I ordered an avocado and celery sandwich, and being the sandwich snob that I am, became mildly annoyed when they told me it was pre-made. Pre-made sandwiches at a sandwich shop...or wait am I at a grocery store or something? I gave it a shot, and I ordered a grilled cheese (made fresh) as a back-up plan. Both sandwiches were good, but nothing amazing. I wouldn't mind coming back if the menu expanded or had different sandwiches to offer.
1	We went to this place on 1/12/10 on our way out of vegas.... boy were we disappointed.  We got the breakfast sandwich with mushrooms, steak and a fried egg for the very low price of 10 bucks (yes I'm being sarcastic).  The sandwich was puny and lacked flavor.  My girlfriend got the turkey sandwich with bacon, avocado tomato and lettuce.  The tomato was mushy and the lettuce looks like it had been sitting out for awhile.  The turkey was so dry that it looked like they kept it under a heat lamp since Christmas.  It was more like a turkey jerky sandwich.  It was also for the low price of 10 bucks.Bottom line - Ingredients were not fresh and that's a mortal sin for a place in that price range for sandwiches.  I can't even believe I'm saying this, but if you're in the mood for a sandwich, try the Subway in the same food court.  You'll probably get a bigger, better sandwich and save some bucks in the process.
4	Usually, I'm not a big sandwich eater, but I enjoyed this place! The sandwiches are a bit pricey...but so is everything else in this city, right? And at least I could tell that you're paying for what you get.  The sandwiches are unique and very fresh tasting.  I tried the skirt steak w/egg breakfast sandwich while my boyfriend had the turkey, bacon, & avocado sandwich.  The sandwiches are large enough to fill you up even if you're super hungry.
3	Alot of the sandwiches sound really tasty, but they end up tasting just okay. It is a convenient spot to get breakfast and lunch sandwiches before or after you hit up the pool. Prices were a little high but as long as you win money gambling, you don't care. The wait times are also a little long at times. Overall this place serves its purpose as a quick spot for "gourmet" sandwiches and $4 dollar sodas.
3	When I think of Tom Colicchio, I think of top judge on the hit TV show "Top Chef" as well as owner of Craft and Craft Steak.  So when I heard he opened up 'WichCraft, I immediately thought, "Oh great, another place where they're going to charge $20 for a turkey sandwich".  But when we went there, I was surprised to find that most of their sandwiches where $10 or cheaper.  Most were basically $10 [i.e. $9.95] and being that it's in Vegas and in MGM Grand, they will rip you off with the most mundane things.  $3 for a 20oz bottle of soda.  This is worse than a Chinese merchant trying to sell tea at $5/lb when it's basically tree leaves.  It's ridiculous.  The sandwiches we got were quite good [steak and fried egg and mushroom and roasted turkey with bacon], but I don't know that I would say they were extraordinary.  The big difference from other deli places would be that they serve their sandwiches on ciabatta bread that tasted fresh and they serve it warm, which is nice.  The soup of the day was actually the best part of our meal.  The Toscana, which is a sausage based soup with roasted peppers and spinach that's been blitzed and with cream added, it was a nice hearty soup that hit the spot.Overall, it was good, and everyone should give it a try!
4	A lot of the reviews for this place gave a lower score than me. So here's why I give it 4 stars.1) Seeing as how it's Vegas, the price really wasn't too bad. $25 for 2 sandwiches, chips, a banana and a soda. 2) The menu had a good range of options including hot, cold and paninis, plus breakfast choices. The sandwiches offer more than Quiznos and Subway and only cost about $2 more for the sandwich at those places. Way better ingredients and not your standard sandwich. 3) The dessert selection was amazing.4) It's in the MGM Grand which is a great Casino. If you want a good sandwich in Vegas, go here. You're bound to see something that you would have never put together on bread and think it's quite tasty.
3	Our last day at Las Vegas, we came to "Wichcraft for a quick bite before heading back home."Hey! That's the sandwich deli by Tom Colicchio!"  That was my reaction when I saw "Wichcraft while walking around in MGM Grand.  The place isn't too big.  We placed our order at the counter, grabbed a seat, and waited for our number to be called to pick up our food.  The sandwich is a little pricey here, average about $10 for a sandwich.  While waiting for our food, I had fun looking at the hot CSI girls trying to promote the CSI Exhibit across from "Wichcraft.We ordered a sandwich combo to share.  The combo is $15.00.  It came with any sandwich on the menu, a drink, a bag of chips, and an apple or banana.  We grabbed a creme soda for our drink.  I love creme soda!  Coffee here is pretty good, too.Dr. P picked Banana and yucky sea salt and vinegar chips.  The vinegar was so strong that I couldn't even finish one chip.  Me no like.....We picked Chicken Breast Panini.  The sandwich was pretty big, big enough for two of us to get full.  The bread was crispy.  Chicken breast was tender.  Gotta love the gooey mozarella cheese and tasty pesto.  This was a very good sandwich!It was a good but expensive meal.... $20 for a sandwich + drinks.  But after all, it's Vegas, where money isn't like money for some reason.
4	Yes I am a fan of Top Chef and I am a hardcore foodie, but I tried out 'Wichcraft not because of that, I just wanted a decent affordable lunch without resorting to the nasty hotel/casino foodcourts.Most of the reviewers here were complaining about the prices, but for $15 you got a decent sandwich with a bag of kettle chips, a bottled drink and fruit, which I think is a better deal considering this is no fast food slop.Eventhough there was almost 20 different choices of sandwiches and paninis, most of the choices didn't sound too interesting.  I was hoping to see some of the sandwiches from his cookbook or from his other Wichcraft restaurants which have more gourmet ingredients and interesting flavor combinations, but this is Vegas so I'm guessing this restaurant is catering for the less sophisticated tourist crowd.Back to the menu, try to choose your sandwich wisely.  There was only three sandwiches that appealed to me and I settled on their sandwich of the day which was roasted turkey with a cranberry-orange chutney, sprouts, and garlic aioli.  It was very tasty -- the turkey was thickly cut and moist, and the excellent fresh warm caibatta bread was a nice contrast to the cool chutney and fresh and crunchy sprouts.   It's a great healthier choice for a quick lunch at an affordable price and I will be back again.
3	After seeing Top Chef I really wanted to check out this sandwich place. Because I love the show so much I was hoping to write a great review but this is not the case for me. Perhaps my expectations of how the sandwich was going to taste was too high.I ordered the pull pork sandwich and it wasn't anything special.  I was expecting a bbq flavor but not even that and the pork itself to me was too salty. I think it is over hyped and a bit over priced but so is pretty much everything in Vegas.  It is an okay quick bite for sandwich place but that is about it.  Luckily I had a Mandalay gift card and I used it to purchase my sandwich.  The sandwiches didn't live up to my expectations and will not be coming here again unless I happen to be in MGM and had to grab a quick bite...if that is the case I'll try a different sandwich.  Perhaps I might change my mind about this place.
1	DO NOT EAT HERE! Extremely over priced, and inedible food.  We came here after all of us were craving soups & sandwiches, we all left our food.   Everyone paid over $20 for a half sandwich, a small cup of soup, and a drink.  I would've gladly gone to Subway instead!
4	My friend is a big foodie. She was dying to check this place out because it was one of her favorite chef's place. I'm not that familiar with chef's or their restaurants but I love to try new food places.it's a small, cute, little joint at the MGM Grand hotel. It was always packed every time we passed by it. Even though the line was long, it didn't take long until we had to order and finally got our food. They have a wide selection of cold and warm sandwiches, a few desserts, juices, and soup. i got a chicken panini with pesto sauce and it was just the right size and it hit the spot really well. It was delicious! It's definitely gourmet sandwiches in my book. But this place isn't cheap at all! I would have liked it if it was $2 cheaper but maybe it's because I'm kind of cheap too.I think the title of this place is super cute and ingenious though. And again, the food was very delicious. Just wished the prices were a bit cheaper. Even drinks were overpriced at around $3-4. Oh and good luck finding a place to sit and eat. Have one of your friends go find you a seat while you order. You will have better luck!
4	had to try the it out. loved my sandwich. pork, spicy mustard, cabbage. I wanted to try more.If only the bald man with the chin stache was there.
2	I have fond memories of the 'wichcraft in Bryant Park from a few years ago.  Maybe it was the sitting-outside-and-actually-being-outside that made the experience so enjoyable... but no, I really think it was the fresh, hot sandwiches that made it such a memorable lunch spot.  It's too bad Vegas has Vegas-ized it into mediocrity.The line was to the door at 4pm on a Saturday.  I was surprised, but I guess I shouldn't be - I forgot how time means nothing when you're in a casino.  Considering the sandwiches were pre-made and just needed to be plopped onto the panini-griller, it seemed to take a while - but I wasn't in a hurry, so I can deal.  I ordered the ham/cheddar/apple on pumpernickel and got it to go.  I was so excited to savor the awesomeness remembered from Bryant Park that I ripped it open in the car to take a few bites.  Oooh, messy!  I don't know what happened - maybe the water content of the apples was too much? - but half of the sandwich was so soggy, it was like it had just been bathed.  The other half was just fine - so strange.  I think cheddar was the wrong cheese choice on their part - it made the whole thing so bland, like it zapped out any flavor the apples and ham had brought to the table.  I hate to say it, but I've had a Subway sandwich or two more exciting than this.  Maybe their other creations are better?
5	We ate here for a late breakfast while staying in the MGM Grand.  I've eaten at Craft before and loved it so much so I had high expectations for this place.  First of all, it was quite a bit less expensive than I thought it would be, especially considering that it was in Vegas.  Second, it was GOOD.  I had the strip steak, fried egg, and oyster mushroom sandwich and I loved it.  It was the perfect breakfast sandwich and the steak was super tender and delicious.  The service and location were great as well.  Loved it!!
3	2.75 stars. We strolled into this somewhat neon lunch spot after checking into the MGM Grand for a conference, excited about fresh ingredients piled high on hearty breads. Tastes of tuna, lemon, olives, fennel, pickled veggies, cheese, and roasted pork occupied my imagination as we wound through Studio Walk, and we were pleased to find reasonable prices on the menu when we entered the eatery. But, as we soon discovered, 'wichcraft's sandwiches only sounded tantalizing, and proved to be meekly flavored and inconsistently prepared. I chose the pork and coppa panini, and the meat had been razed in such a way that its mouthfeel resembled sawdust. The sandwich lacked any welcome crunch of fresh veggies, but was evenly grilled. The mozzarella sandwich fared better, though its olives and tomatoes still seemed muted. And, the service was not of the quality one expects in Las Vegas, with counter workers who gleefully informed me that whoopie pies were not available and commenced talking with the cooks while I stood along the glass.  Clearly 'wichcraft was a better lunch option than anything in the food court or the vulgar buffet, but I still expected more from this sandwich place. Perhaps I'll have better luck at the New York location.
2	Very expensive for what you get. My panini was OK but I've tasted better at cheaper places. My boyfriend's breakfast sandwich was very tiny and cost as much as mine (about $11). He was also not satisfied.Definitely would not eat here again.
3	Have eaten at the location at MGM, and several times at the SF location near the Moscone Center.  Sandwiches are pretty good, at a premium price.  At times I found the bread a little dry.  Best sandwich I had was the meatloaf with tomato confit.  Also was looking forward to the egg and frisee sandwich, but found this one pretty unremarkable.  SF location was much nicer, as it was a larger multi-level sit down location, MGM location was small with little seating, likely due to premiums of space at casino locations with a lot of traffic.Strangely, staff at SF locations proudly trumpeted that they felt the SF location was far superior than the LV location - I found little difference in the food quality between the two.  I have heard this statement from other limited location restaurants as well, that have locations outside of LV and in LV as well.
1	My BF and I were both super tired from walking around nonstop, and this was one of the few places that was cheap inside MGM.  But like what all the other yelpers said, damn is this place OVERPRICED! We ordered a BLT and a Roast beef sandwich and it came out to like $22.  WTF?!  It tasted alright, but for that hefty pricetag I think otherwise.  NEVER COMING BACK.  Please think before you order next time.  $10 for a basic sandwich is NOT the way to go.  You're better off eating a lunch buffet somewhere or just going to MCDs that's just right around the corner.
3	As many times as I've gone to Vegas and stayed at MGM, I never had the chance to try this place out until now.  After a few hours of drinking and tanning poolside, I stopped by on the way back from the pool. The goat cheese, avocado, walnuts, celery, watercress multi-grain sandwich caught my eye.  When I ordered the sandwich it wasn't made to order; but rather pre made and pulled from a refrigerated case. For an $8 sandwich I was expecting the sandwich to be made on the spot.  The sandwich itself wasn't bad, but it wasn't great...it was a bit bland and the best part about it was the texture and crispness of the celery.  I suppose you could say I paid $9 for celery. 2 days later as me and my boyfriend were getting ready to check out, we stopped by here for an early lunch.  He ordered the "chicken breast, roasted red pepper, mozzarella, and pesto on country bread (aka white bread) panini" and I ordered the "corned beef, sauerkraut, swiss cheese, and whole grain mustard on rye bread panini." I only ordered the sandwich which came out to $9.75 while my boyfriend made his a combo complete with a drink, bag of chips, and choice of fruit for $15.  Since he ordered a combo, the cashier presented him with a 'buy 5 combos get your 6th sandwich free.'  We sat at a table and waited for our buzzer to go off.  The inside of this place is well lit with unique looking furniture making it visually attractive to passers by. This was more or less what made me first consider trying this place out.Our paninis were pretty tasty, but then again any sandwich with toasty bread and melted warm cheese is always good.  We tasted each other's orders and concluded mine was a bit better since my beef wasn't as dry as his chicken and since the sauerkraut and mustard lended a bit more tang than his red pepper and pesto. However, the roofs of both our mouths were a bit raw from the slightly over grilled breads. No bueno. While me and the bf come to Vegas often, I'm not sure if we'll be using their loyalty card to get a 6th free sandwich....I nearly choked in disbelief as I learned the combos are a whopping $15 for so-so sandwiches
3	Eh.  It's just a sammich.With the inflated prices, it's a better value to just order the combo for $15, which includes your sammich, a drink, chips, and choice of fruit.  The sammiches are all about $10, and a bottled water is $3.50.  I tried the chicken salad.  The bread was fresh, but I regretted the choice in meat later, as the mayo just sat like a blob in my stomach.  I really wanted to try the steak 'n egg one, but didn't have the appetite for it on this day.  Not too much to yelp about.
4	Everything on this menu that our group ordered was delicious. Fried eggs - Whoever thought of this sandwich and the flavor/ingredient combo is genius. Definitely my favorite but you have to love blue cheese because they are very generous with this. 5 starsOnly bad thing is the portion is small for the price. I know it's Vegas but that's not a reason/excuse. I know how much a $10 sandwich should be like.
3	I've had this placed bookmarked for a while. Reviews seemed mixed wasn't a factor. I think this this a great option for something fast and fresh from the MGM. Is it a little pricey? I'm sure you can find more affordable eats but when you don't feel like venturing outside the MGM your choices a bit limited. I picked up the grilled gruyere and caramelized onion. Thought it was terrific, I wanted to try other sandwiches but never had a chance to make it back out there.
3	It was good.. just not awesome.  We decided to eat here on our last night instead of eating at Craftsteak because we lost too much money at the blackjack table.  I got the chicken salad and it was extremely dry.  The boy got some roast beef sandwich and it was just okay.  Come here for a quick sandwich when you've lost too much money and can't afford Tom's real restaurant.
2	After leaving Wet Republic, we decided to stop by wichcraft since someone in our group heard about how good this place was.  I didn't think the food really stood out to me in general, other than that it was pricy.  High table tops and normal tables were available for sit down meal. We decided to share 2 sandwiches,1. Breakfast sandwich (Skirt steak, fried eggs and oyster mushrooms on a roll )- the best out of the two we ordered.  Mushrooms and skirt steak included.  It was served on a panini style sandwich, which was decent!  These breakfast sandwiches are served all day, which I love!  Who doesn't love breakfast food at any time during the day.2. Chicken breast, roasted red pepper, mozzarella and pesto on country bread - the chicken was so dry.  least favorite and totally not worth it. Maybe I can give this place another try next time and see what else can be better on the menu.  Otherwise, I don't have much to say about the food here!  I definitely didn't taste any wichcraft in my sandwiches here!!! Some Magic I obviously didn't get to taste!
4	This place was perfect for a quick grab and go while in Vegas without sacrificing quality and gosh forbid getting fast food. I was extremely picky and made a million special requests and they fulfilled each one even better than I expected. The food was quick and delicious despite the place being very busy, would definitely recommend!
4	Contrary to other Yelper's comments, they ARE NOT just sandwiches.  These suckers were dreamed up by Tom Colicchio!  Ok, so while that doesn't make them super-sandwiches, it does make them extremely creative, tasty, and high quality.I've been a fan of the Fried Egg Sandwich for years.  My fiance has literally made trips to Vegas with no other intent but to order this sandwich.  On my last visit, I decided to be adventurous and try a Roasted Pork Panini, and boy was that a good decision.  The sandwich was mega-yum, and a good portion size to boot.  Minus 1 star for the prices...they aren't your average deli sandwiches.  Expect to pay $10 for a sandwich, or just go with the combo meal for $15 (sandwich, drink, chips and fruit).  If money ain't a thang, hit this place during your next hangover and you'll be instantly cured.
4	Love this place!! Go there every time I go to Las Vegas. Try the warm Turkey Sandwich! It tastes soooo good but this place is pretty prices. Around $10 a sandwich. I would also try the egg-oyster mushroom breakfast sandwhich. It's really good. But also pretty pricey. But go check it out!(BTW this one is much better than the one is SF!)
4	Some friends and I stopped by here for lunch at the MGM. I wasn't super hungry, but I wanted to at least have a snack before beginning our day. The fresh food at 'wichcraft stood out like a beacon amidst outrageously priced (and terrible quality) Starbucks and greasy buffets. I appreciated the cleanliness, attentive staff, and speediness. This place offers more interesting sandwiches and desserts than your average Panera, with ingredients like watercress and green olive tapenade.  The dandelion soup was basically a light veggie soup, it was disappointing and nondescript. The lemonade has a good tart-sweet ratio and was made with real lemons. The peanut butter sandwich cookie was melt-in-your-mouth dreamy. I'd go again and probably try a panini. Californians: I didn't find 'wichcraft to be overpriced for the strip in Vegas, and unless you're starving the sandwiches are large enough to share.
4	Same with Wichcraft...their sandwiches were very tasty, fresh and well paired with unique condiments...excellent for a for a quick bite..but the WHOOPIE PIES....OH MY GAWD! HEAVEN!!! This will also be a stop for me when I'm in Vegas...I'm half tempted to call and find out if I can order me some Whoopie Pies for a special occasion...my friends wouldn't put it past me.
4	Tschane and I went to 'wichcraft two times during our 24 hour stint in Vegas. It turned out to be a welcome break from trashy road trip food... a healthy alternative, one might say. The soup is decent, salads are really fresh. Both the soup and salad are served with ample bread. They also sell creative sandwiches. For example the celery, spinach, avocado, goat cheese, and sprouts sandwich was excellent, as was the reuben panini. They sell kettle chips too :) Yummy. My recommendation: get some takeout and head to Red Rock for a picnic lunch!!
3	My wife and I went here for lunch today. The wait wasn't too bad around noon, mostly pool-goers waiting. Anyways, I had the "corned beef panini" (a reuben) and my wife had a "chicken breast panini." The sandwich was good, but a bit pricey (like everything in Vegas). We paid $15 each for a combo which included a drink, chips, and a piece of fruit. Anyways, my rye bread good, but cut the roof of my mouth when I bit in. The saurkraut was un-noticeable as was the sauce used (some mustard-based thing). It was tasty, just not up to the standard I would expect from a Vegas restaurant. Drinks came bottled, not fountain... which means no refills. I probably won't do this place again while I'm in Vegas.
4	Yes this place is pricey. $15 for a sandwich, drink and chips. It was in the MGM in Las Vegas so, the price is expected. Also, drunk people probably don't care by that time how much food is. They just want food. I had the Ham, Cheese & apple panini on Rye. Of course I loved it! I love cheese and bread especially melted ooey gooey cheese w/bread. Throw in some meat and I am a happy girl. I had a bite of my friend's chicken, pesto and roasted tomato panini and, I am quoting her, it was an "orgasm of the mouth".  Just because of this, I am tempted to buy my own panini press. I'm afraid because I may go overboard w/cheesyness everyday but I am thinking about it. I give it 4 stars because I loved my panini and I hope you do too! =)
2	Outside looking in? COooooooOOOool. Inside looking at your $15 combo meal? Not so cool. Inside tasting your food you waited forever for? Should have gone to McDonalds in your hotel's food court again. *sob*
4	Craftsteak is a sandwich place upgraded with finese.  I had their breakfast sandwich there and it was like heaven wrapped up in cheesy, eggy, goodness.From my understanding, the shop in vegas does not offer the entire expansive menu, but from what they had there -  I can only imagine how glorious that would be.Check it out. You won't regret it.
3	the sammies are great, but for 7.50 it's small.  I love the flavors though.  The whoopie pie is okay but it isn't the best.  I know this is brief, but as small as the sammies were my review will be small, too.
5	On a recent Las Vegas trip, my friends and I stayed at the MGM. We happened to run into the place with beautiful decor, 'wichcraft. I had the pulled pork sanwich and I was amazed. Loved it. I loved it so much that right before I had to head to the airport, I ran the restaurant and bought two more for my flight home to Chicago and one for my boyfriend. They were WOW. My boyfriend loved it, too! I've had so many sandwiches from so many places but this place wins hands down. The cost per sandwich is $$8-11 and so worth every penny. The employess were so nice which is a plus.Juicy. Soft. The meat is cooked to perfection. I can't wait to go back to Vegas or any other city hosting a 'wichcraft spot.
2	so so so disappointed. Tom Colicchio, you are my hero. Your sandwich, however was tremendously disappointing. I am happy that you offer fruit as a part of your combo, but for $15 I want a decent sandwich too. I am sure I made a poor choice, but really, I would expect you to get it right.I had the Goat Cheese sandwich with celery and watercress and some other forgettable ingredients on a whole grain bread. The only other vegetarian option was a grilled panini, equally uninspired in ingredients but I should have maybe chosen that one. Could I get past the fact that I ordered such a bland sandwich? I could have, if the ingredients were even working as they should. The bread was stale tasting. The goat cheese was the most mild tasting goat cheese I have ever had, It completely lacked any punch of flavor. Devoid of goat-iness, it could have been any cream cheese. The watercress was sparse and not crunchy (fresh). The celery was the most flavorful component, in a sandwich of presumably bold flavors.And it was expensive. I wanted something more. My dining companion had slightly better luck with a meat and cheese option, but I regrettably will not be recommending 'wichcraft to anyone.
5	While me and my co-worker were on lunch break together, we decided to give 'wichcraft a try. I was expecting to be pleasantly surprised and I was! I was completely new to the whole experience and they were very helpful and patient. After having a thorough look at the menu, I decided to go with the cold sandwich option. My best bet was roast beef, requesting that no red onions be added. They asked if I would like to upgrade to the combo. It includes: a beverage of your choice, a bag of chips from Kettle brand, and either an orange or an apple. I concurred.While I was waiting for my order, I noticed that the large conference group before us had all of their orders organized on a tray so a group could come in and get service. Seating arrangement is minimal so first come, first serve. They had a tall bar with chairs, booths with chairs accompanying it, and tables outside of the restaurant. The place is very noisy because of all the loud chattering and there were a wide range of people there.Since my order was to-go, they gave me a very cute paper lunch bag with a handle to store everything in.My sandwich was SCRUMPTIOUS and I enjoyed every bite of it. The sandwich was not flimsy at all and everything was portioned out well. It might just be me but I got very full from the combo I ordered. So I believe that it was very well worth the price :]Definitely will come back!
3	Thought this would be the best option to have rather than the food in the MGM food court.   The sandwiches have a good size for their price and taste pretty good.I ordered the Warm Turkey with Bacon.  They offer a very decent portion of bacon and the bread was soft and fresh.  I saved half for later since one half was too much for me.  Good and fast service.  Def better than the McDonald's at the food court!
2	I was so excited for going here.  I had friends from Toronto that swears by it.   When your expectations are high, the let down is even worst.  However, I might have ordered the wrong thing.  I had the goat cheese avocado celery on wheat bread.  It sounded good but I could only finish 1/4 the sandwich.   Do not order this!  I gagged.  All the ingredients are things that l totally love but somehow the combination wasn't right.  Also, I tried the veggie soup.  Blah, it's okay, bland and nothing special.  If I can make it better, it's so not worth my dollar.
4	The sandwiches were delicious!! Unique and gourmet in quality. They were fast and friendly! I ate here twice when I stayed at the MGM. For $15 you can get a meal which is any sandwich, a drink, bag of chips and a fruit. This is a good deal because some of the sandwiches are $10 alone. They had a good variety as well. Give it a try!
2	A bit pricey for a corned beef panini with a quality I can get at my local Safeway.  I didn't seek out this place, but I was hungry and I wanted something unique.  Eh, guess it's not here.
4	CliffsNotes: Why does it not surprise me that Tom Colicchio would turn a simple sandwich shop into a gourmet extravaganza.  $15 for a sandwich meal sounds expensive but it's surprisingly a good bargain (by relative comparison) when you throw in chips, fruit, and a soft drink. The best way to take advantage of the combo meal is order the most expensive thing on the menu (turkey & avocado for lunch and skirt steak for breakfast).  Is it worth the $15 price?  It's relative cheap for a brand name chef experience.  The food definitely matches the expected value from a brand name chef (at this price).  And, it's one of the more memorable sandwiches in recent memory.  If you can't afford or don't want to bother with Craft Steak (also a Colicchio brand), then 'wichcraft shouldn't be missed.  [Original Visit: November 5, 2010]
4	Hey if you're drunk (why wouldn't you be, you're in Las Vegas), then you will be super hungry for something big, very flavorful, and easy to scarf down.  Am I right? The line was long and took longer than I would have liked, but the smell and the fact that there's only expensive restaurants around makes it endurable.  The price is definitely high for a sandwich, but they don't skimp on anything.  The quality of the ingredients shows that this place IS owned by a top chef.  I had the chicken, pesto and roasted tomato panini and was in heaven.  It saved me from a hangover, I guarantee it! Also this place is conveniently located next to the MGM pool entrance so after you've looked good in a bikini all day, go ahead and give that hard earned belly a treat and fill it with 'wichcraft.  I found one in my hometown (San Francisco) so I'm excited to experience it again.  Expect a followup!
2	We came here for our parting meal... a bit of a brunch, I suppose. I had a PB&J sammich (I was extremely hung over thus that was the only thing that didn't make me want to hurl) as well as a granola yogurt thing. The sandwich was good, but I beg the question of how you could possibly screw up a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. The granola, on the other hand, was actually pretty nasty and I only had a few bites before I ended up throwing it away.My man got a tuna sandwich, which is odd because he typically doesn't like tuna? He didn't love it, but he didn't hate it either.All in all, an okay meal, but extremely expensive for what it was.
3	I am a huge fan of Top chef and Tom Colicchio. So of course i had to try this place. I love the chicken panini here its really good size and has pesto and i love pesto. Its a bit pricey but then again it is vegas...nothing is really cheap here. My sister really likes the prosciutto and butter sandwich. That one is simple but good also.//I just wish there was more selection and not as pricey...i would choose eating at earls over wichcraft for sandwiches though.
3	I ordered the turkey, avocado, bacon and mayo.  It was supposed to have onions on them, but they clearly forgot to put them on my sandwich--an addition that I think would have made it better.   My husband and I enjoy good food and realize that usually means it costs more, but this place was pretty ordinary and $24 for 1 sandwich, luke warm bottled soda, Kettle Chips and a banana is overpriced to me. Better than a Subway, certainly.  As good as I expected from restaurant owned by a celebrity chef, certainly not.  This place was just 'okay' and isn't probably a place I would return to.
3	I am a HUGE fan of Top Chef and Tom Colicchio and I was looking forward to trying out his restaurant.  Unfortunately since I cannot afford Craftsteak at my budget, my friend and I decide to try his sandwich place instead.  I ordered the grilled mozzarella sandwich and a small salad with lemon vinaigrette.  I was a bit disappointed by my sandwich.  The first few bite was good, but after a while it just got very bland tasting.  The salad on the other had was very refreshing.  My friend's breakfast sandwich looked and tasted a lot better than my grilled cheese sandwich.  Should have gotten that instead.
3	Expensive, but not for vegas.I had the chicken pesto mozzarella panini and it was really good.. The portions are REALLY big and worth the 14 bucks.
4	I'm not sure what 'wichcraft is doing as part of the Tom Colicchio Craft restaurant "empire"; it is a fairly spartan atmosphere and decor that probably detracts from the brand more than it adds to it.  The prices are fairly high and the service is kind of slow.  Nevertheless, the food is pretty delicious, and there's nothing to complain about on that front.For around $13, I got a panini with delicious roast chicken, roasted red peppers, mozzarella cheese, and pesto sauce.  It really was a very tasty sandwich; all high quality ingredients that go very well together and were assembled in a delicious, coherent way.  Still, I walked away from the experience, slightly unimpressed at the [lack of] ambiance at a Colicchio place and at the 20 cent charge I had to pay for my ice water.
2	Ah wish this wasn't the case. It is a nice little spot and decently priced for a known chef stop in Vegas.  I love him maybe that made my expectations too high or something. I got the gruyere with grilled onions and shared a salad. The salad options are insanely bland but the dressing was good at least. My sandwich was flavorless except for the fennel seeds in the bread which I wish I had been warned about since I'm not a fan of fennel. Very disappointed. Maybe I just ordered the wrong thing?
2	I went here twice in December while on vacation.  If you've gone to the SF and/or NYC locations of 'wichcraft, this one will be really disappointing.  The food seems to come from off-site, which means it doesn't taste fresh and they were out of most menu items during my visits.  Grilled sandwiches look to be heated up on a George Forman grill.  BUT relative to what else is available in the MGM Grand, it's a definite step up.
2	This was a real disappointment.  Being a huge Tom Colicchio fan, I wanted to like...no... love this place.  My Mother's Day Brunch at CraftSteak a few years ago is one my favorite food memories ever and I have several of his Cookbooks.During my visit for an early lunch/late breakfast, I kept imagining Tom's critique of my Mozzarella, Provolone, Roasted Tomato and Olive Pannini if a Top Chef Contestant had made it."The Mozzarella had too much water, which made the bread soggy.  The Tomatoes and Olives were flavorless and needed salt. The Provolone was nonexistent.  Please pack your knives and go."The only reasons I am giving them 2 stars is that the staff was friendly and helpful and my Iced Latte was very good.
4	I wanted to come here because seriously, who doesn't love Tom?! 9 of us came before heading out on Sunday. It wasn't terribly busy, but there really is minimal seating, we had to scrounge around for chairs and move some tables together. I had the turkey warm sandwich with avocado, bacon and onion relish--it was delicious. I know it wasn't the most adventurous of orders, but I couldn't resist the avocado. It is definitely a little overpriced (probably around $11/12 total for a sandwich, you can get a combo with drink and chips for $15) but the sandwich is a pretty big portion, plus you're paying for Tom and Vegas. I also wish they had more options, there's only 3 or 4 in each category (breakfast, warm, cool, pressed). Overall 3.5--I would come here again if I happened to be at MGM, but no special trips to the far end of the strip.
4	Great sandwiches. Love that it is near the pool at MGM, can lay by the pool all day and step out for a delicious sandwich instead of gross pool food. Meatloaf was excellent, grilled mozzarella was very good. The BLT had a little too much bacon for me but my man loved it. Egg sandwich was very good. The little sandwich cookies were very yummy. When they saw me eyeing the cookies they offered a 2 for $1 deal. Very casual atmosphere as would be expected at a sandwich shop, but the service was of a much higher level. Very friendly, knowledgeable, and patient.
5	This is a great option when you're spending all day at the MGM Grand hotel pool area. The food inside the pool is nothing special and really overpriced so 'wichcraft is a much better choice. I had the BLT (lots of great crispy bacon, ok bread) and the grilled mozzarella panini which is super cheesy and delicious! This place is often packed but they've got a smooth process of ordering and pick up. It's pricey but not outrageous. Definitely worth a try...and I like Tom C.!
4	If it's not a burger you have to make a pretty bad ass sandwich to impress me.Tom Colicchio...Job well done.Having only eaten here once I'm kinda hesitant to review it. Especially considering I was starving when I ate here. But after only eating half the sandwich, I was still salivating over the luke warm leftover an hour later.But here's the deal people...I don't know if you have ever priced out the food court at MGM or any other hotel, but when you consider that a combo meal at Nathan's clocks in around $12 'wichcraft is a steal.I had the Meatloaf sandwich with cheddar, bacon, and tomato relish on ciabatta. The heavy, filling, satisfying comfort taste of the meatloaf with the tomato relish (to serve as far better substitute than the ketchup taste of mom's meatloaf) melds PERFECTLY with the salty sweet bacon and sharp cheddar. At around $10 this is one of your best options in the MGM if you are on a budget.Others have detracted the ambiance and said that it takes away from the Top Chef and Craft brandsand to you...I say...bite me. This restaurant to me speaks volumes about Colicchio as an "every man," and shows that he can operate in the evolving food world of less pomp and more substance. The restaurant is his take on fast food, and when you look around the immediate surroundings there are many people who are uncomfortable with something of the magnitude of Craftsteak, and for them 'whichcraft offers a great way to experience something above par but still affordable to any budget.Anybody can make an amazing sandwich when you are using top quality charcuterie, or truffle oil, or foie gras...but you can't do it while charging less than $10 per sandwich and still hit your margins especially in a casino on the strip.As others have said the service is kinda slow. I understand quality food prepared fresh takes a little longer, but 10 minutes on ANY sandwich isn't going to cut it Like I said, I've only eaten here once so I can't claim consistency, but my guess is, if you take Tom Colicchio's name off the sign, rename it and throw this place out in the valley, most of you would never stop raving about it.
5	The sandwich, an intertwining salute to ecstasy and flavor like nobody ever knew beforeThe coffee, black as midnight, stronger than woman, sweeter than honeyThe food, like god smiled, looked down, and then laughed.'wichcraft.Get the turkey with cranberry if they still have it.  It was great.  Jam.
4	An excellent place for a decent price and tasty bites. (much better than the food court).The line can get long, but the sandwiches are worth it. Cashier was very friendly and made sure we understood anything particular about the sandwich/meal. For example, if there was a cold or hot option, she let us know. I asked for cheese on the side, and I was accommodated without question, just a smile.Recommended sandwich: chicken with avocado. Pretty large and exceptionally delicious!-Very smooth and tasty for $10.
5	We stopped in for lunch and very much enjoyed our meal. I ordered the chicken sandwich and it was remarkable. They cut whole chicken breast into slices and place them with the most lucious, stretchy, amazing mozzerella I've ever had in my life. The seasoning on everything was perfect as well. And the pannini bread was to die for. The perfect crispy crust.Two friends shared the meat loaf sandwich and said it was marvelous as well. We will certainly go back next time we're in town. We enjoyed this meal FAR more than we enjoyed our meal at Craftsteak.
1	This place is awful.  I went here on the way to the pool at the MGM.  They have $prices posted on the menu outside, and then HIGHER prices inside.  Then they won't honor their lower price, even though it is considered FALSE ADVERTISING to post conflicting amounts and use the higher one.  The people that work the register aren't exactly the brightest crayons in the box.  Oh yeah, and their sandwiches are GROSS.  As someone who travels to Vegas 4+ times a year and ALWAYS stays at the MGM, I will stick with the Deli inside the pool from now on.  Yuck Yuck Yuck~
5	Everyone loves sandwiches, right? Right. But have you experienced a true gourmet sandwich? No, I'm not talking about getting the specialty of the month at Subway, or waiting in the ridiculously long line at Jersey Mike's for them to slice the meat just so they can say it's "fresh". I'm talking about a truly delicious sandwich that has been created by one of America's top chefs.'wichcraft is one of my favorite sandwich spots. Whenever I'm in Las Vegas, I always have to at least go there once. Each time, I am not disappointed. Yes, you may have to tough it out in a looooong line that could take 30+ minutes before you get to the counter to order, but that time can be well spent: going item by item through the menu so you can piece together that perfect meal, or just stand a people watch. I mean, you're in Vegas, and the pool is near, so chances are there will be good looking people grabbing a 'wich before heading out to the pool!Today I got the roasted turkey sandwich and a cup of the spicy lentil soup.The soup was a generous helping of a tasty broth - with just a slight heat to it, and a healthy amount of crisp veggies. The thing I really liked about this soup, was that even though it was a lentil soup, it felt light, and had just the right amount of spiciness. Terrific.The sandwich was OFF THE HOOK! Roasted turkey, avocado, balsamic onions, aoli, and yes, bacon. Great texture, and the flavors just explode in your mouth.When you go to Las Vegas, make sure to head over to the MGM Grand, and hit up 'wichcraft. You won't be disappointed.http://www.pleaseaddbacon.com/2011/05/wichcraft-amazing-sandwiches-by-tom-colicchio-review/
4	I had the BLT and all of the ingredients were fresh and prepared well. Though BLTs are a dime a dozen and easy to find, this one stood out because of the flavorful tomatoes and not-too-salty bacon. The service was good and fairly quick considering the lunchtime crowd during my visit.NOTE: There was A LOT of bacon on the sandwich, so if you're trying to be "good", this is not the sandwich for you. :-)
3	Tom, you and your new manager have let me down.What happened to the special of the day? That was one of the coolest parts that made the trek through the parking garage and casino worthwhile. I can recall a special which had a tomato-ish sauce and green beans which was just ingenious, along with the soup, it just made my day. Everybody likes the surprise inside, remember Cracker Jack?I had the chicken breast panini, and it turned a ho-hum day into a bad one. Other than the toasted bread, the consistency of mozzarella and chicken was that of rubber. The red bell peppers were just stuck on to the cheese as if the sandwich had taken a walk through a vegetable garden. All I could taste was bread and cheese. The juice oozed out of it, and made the other end of the sandwich soggy.I also had the cream-wich cookies which were OK, but would have been better freshly baked.  Please fix this Tom, you're better than this.
4	Wow! Great sandwiches! Tom Colicchio really knows his stuff! My family came here for a quick lunch and we were not disappointed! My husband and I shared the chicken pesto panini and the fried egg sandwich. The hickey pesto was delicious and the fried egg was even better. My only complaint is that the egg was fried hard, I like a little runniness. My grandma ordered the chicken salad sandwich with was just a party in your mouth! Layer after layer of flavor! Though I didnt try my grandpas meatloaf sandwich, he said that it was the best he'd had!! The service was fantastic! Given we had a complicated order and seven people, the service was above and beyond! I would highly recommend!
4	I did enjoy the sandwiches I had at the Wichcraft.  We ordered a Chicken Mozzarella Panini and a Turkey, Avocado, and Bacon.  Both were pretty good.  I would definitely come back.
5	At first glance I thought this was a trendy, overpriced fast causal restaurant. Maybe so, or maybe I'm just a sucker for anything Tom Colicchio but as soon as I found out this was his sandwich place I jumped in line! I ordered the roasted turkey with bacon and avocado and can honestly say it was one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. Each component was perfectly executed: the turkey freshly carved, the bacon cooked to perfection (not too chewy or crispy), the avocado fresh and generously portioned, and the balsamic onions extremely flavorful but not overwhelming. Worth every penny!
4	'wichcraft is definitely my favorite lunch/snack place in Vegas. I make it a point to head there at some point during my Vegas visits. Plus, I always make whoever is with me go. Let's just say wichcraft hasn't let me or my friends, whom I've recommended the place to, down. This last weekend, I got my entire group (there were 6 of us) addicted! I think we each went twice. It's conveniently located right by the pool area so whether you want something to munch on before, at, or after catching some rays poolside, wichcraft is only a few feet away.
2	Was really looking forward to this since I love sandwiches and Tom C.  But man I was really disappointed.  Maybe it's cuz I've had some really really stellar sandwiches but these just felt like there was no love put into them.  I got one of the pork one and it was dry and thin.  Really a shame.
1	I was SUPER excited to try this place, and then SUPER disappointed in its reality. Let me count the ways...1) Ambiance = suck. Garish colors that don't mesh or lend themselves well to an eatery of any sort.2) Space = at a premium and very badly laid out. Corners and useless negative space every way you turn. A lack of chairs and places to put them.3) Service = nonexistent. People at the counter seemed tolerant of our presence but nothing more. Didn't seem to care if we were there or not. At best, our presence gave them something to do. Also, they evidently never leave that exact counter they stand behind, so don't dare assume anyone will have cleaned the table you'll likely have to stalk someone just to squeeze into. Well, maybe they'll have cleaned it the day before you get there. There were so many pieces of trash & disgusting food bits left lying around that I can only hope it was all from the same day. What the hell is this, a MacDonald's??3) Food = WAY overpriced and WAY underwhelming. I can get (and have gotten) a much tastier, fresher, more interesting and flavorful sandwich at Subway. Yeah, I said it. Not the worst sandwich I've ever had, mind you, but for what it was, charging me over $15 for a combo (w/ chips & drink) is highway f'n robbery. I'd gladly pay that much for an amazing, knock-my-panties-off sandwich, but not for this crap they've shoved together. Some of the menu items sounded pretty tasty, but all ended up being a letdown (I went with 3 other people and we all got something different, so I was able to sample 4 of the sandwiches).In summary: Don't waste your time, your money, or your taste buds. If you find yourself in the MGM and need a quick snack, you're much better off ordering the overpriced and underwhelming sandwiches at Starbucks (which, compared to 'wichcraft's, actually end up being a hell of a great bargain).
4	I got off the plane and was pretty hungry, so after I dropped my bags off in the room at the Signature, I needed a quick bite.  And luckily this place was still open in the afternoon.I grabbed a Shrimp Salad sandwich.  Though it looked small in proportion to its price, it had tons of flavor and crisp on the bread itself.  Maybe it's because I was really hungry, but I really enjoyed eating it.
3	TOM COLICCHIO'S SANDWICH PLACE! I was really excited to see that it was one of tom colicchio's restaurants but it was pretty disappointing to me. My friend and I ordered the roasted turkey, avocado, bacon, balsamic onions & mayo, ciabatta sandwich  and the blackened steak, white cheddar, romesco sauce & grilled scallions, country bread panini so we can both try half half. I wouldn't say it was horrible...but honestly it really wasn't anything special. If I was to pay that price for this kind of sandwich then honestly I'm just never gonna come back again. I mean there is another wonderful sandwich place that opens 24/7 at planet hollywood called Earl's so i might as well get their sandwich for $6 and it's around the same size.  Back to the point...I honestly liked the roasted turkey sandwich a bit more than the flank steak panini because i thought the turkey was pretty good. It looked pretty dry but i guess the looks is deceiving. I thought the turkey was roasted just right for it to have the right texture and it wasn't dry at all. Honestly it was the bread that totally turned me off. It didn't make sense to me...i mean if you give me a wonderful bread to go along with the wonderful toppings then I might just might...give it a 4 but the bread just make me kinda disgusted. I don't know what it was...but I feel like it was kinda powdery or something but I didn't like the bread at all. The flank steak panini sounds a lot  better than it actually was. I mean there wasn't anything wrong with the panini but it definitely didnt wow me for $10. I mean i guess the steak was pretty fresh and all but I think like they are missing a lot inside toppings. I think the panini only had the steak and grilled scallions inside besides the sauce...I think it could be a lot better if they added carmelized onions and it might just be wonderful but it was a panini full of disappointment. Turkey sandwich 3.5Steak panini 2.5
2	Sandwich wasn't that great. Pork has some tangy sauce like horseradish. Steak was ok, bland taste. Egg sandwich was good.
3	I wanted to try this place after reading a blog post from Boston which extolled about the virtues of the restaurant chain located in New York.  Based on the review differences between the New York locations and the franchised location in the MGM I was sort of hesitant but I forged on.  I had the corned beef panini and was not overly impressed.  The rye was cracker thin.  The taste was ok but not outstanding.  For about the same price I would walk across the street to New York, New York (another MGM property) and grab a sandwich from Greenbergs deli, they know how to pile a sandwich high with fillings and include a pretty good potato salad.
3	I'm a big fan of Tom Colicchio and sandwiches so this seemed like the perfect union. I tried both the turkey and steak sandwiches. The quality was good and I liked both sandwiches, but in all honesty, it was just average (which was just a little disappointing).The price is a little expensive for its portion size but I understand it's Vegas and on the strip, and so that wouldn't stop me from coming back. What would stop me is the fact that I can get Earl's (which tastes equally delicious if not better) at half the price.
3	A little on the pricey side, but it is a gourmet sandwich place and you get a good amount of food. For $15, you get a sandwich of your choice, a bag of chips, your choice of an apple or banana, and a drink including some bottled selections.I ordered the goat cheese sandwich based on the reviews here. The flavors were interesting, but it lacked seasoning/salt. I was concerned that the sandwich would lack texture and be a mushy mess. The walnuts didn't offer much in that department and were barely detectible. The celery slices on the other hand, gave the sandwich a fresh cool crunch. I had a side of BBQ bagged kettle chips. House made kettle chips would be a nice touch here and give this place that real gourmet feel.
4	Delicious salad & Greek yogurt with honey and granola.  MGM Grand in Vegas has so many choices by great Chefs.  Not many open for lunch & 'wichcraft made it easy to get in, order, get out.  I look forward to eating a panini when I am back in February.
3	I ate at 'wichcraft twice during my Vegas trip. It's certainly one of the less expensive options in the MGM Grand, but there isn't anything super exciting about it, either. I tried the roasted pork pressed sandwich and it was all right but the pork had a spice that I'm not crazy about mixed in (caraway seeds). I added tomatoes for a dollar extra and they were super weak in flavor. On my second trip I ordered the mozzarella pressed sandwich and added pesto (again, for one dollar more). The pesto was located mostly in the center of the sandwich, like the person who made it couldn't be bothered to spread it out. The sandwiches are filling calorie bombs but not much else. The main draws are the price (when compared to other options in the hotel) and the convenience of a quick meal.
4	Provided you're trying to get food during the daytime hours, wichcraft will probably not disappoint you. It was fast and reasonably good for not a huge amount of money.
1	Went there this weekend. It was the most boring and over priced panini I have ever had in my Life. Go to subway. You are better of......
4	So damn good. Best deal at the MGM.Whoopee Pie. Nuff' Said!!
3	Wait wasn't to bad.  Food was good, but a little on the pricey side.
3	Was my sandwich worth $16 - No. In Charlotte we have some pretty darn good sandwich shops where you walk out with a host of delicious ingredients held between two slices of freshly baked bread for about $7-10. While I did opt for the sandwich deal that included soda, a piece of fruit (although I asked for an apple but received a banana), and a drink , I did feel they could have offered a fruit salad or even a side salad for the price tag. That being said, my sandwich was not bad - I went with the hot turkey, avocado, balsamic glazed onions etc.. I did feel the turkey could have been a little more flavorful ( it was a bit reminiscent of cafeteria style turkey- it didn't taste carved) and also the onions overwhelmed the sandwich a bit.  I would go again but perhaps step a little further outside the box with my selection.
3	Got off the plane, checked in at the MGM and we were ready for some food! We decided to come here, the menu looked good and knowing it was Colicchio's restaurant, I wanted to give it a try. Blackened Steak Panini- white cheddar, romesco sauce and grilled scallions on country white bread.... It was just a little bit above average. The romesco needed some spice (I think), there was nothing there that just grabbed me and said 'Man this is good!' W A R N I N GA BIG PET PEEVE of mine is a pressed sandwich with no butter on the bread. So instead of getting a crisp, hearty, buttered panini crust as the first taste/texture you get a dry, rough piece of TOAST... Put butter on the bread before grilling it people, please! It is a necessity!The sandwiches were a little pricey, for 15 bucks I was hoping for a flawless sandwich. All in all my first visit to 'wichcraft wasn't bad but it wasn't great either, we can just leave it at slightly disappointing.
3	Was really looking forward to going here, got the steak sandwhich combo and the sandwhich was ok, I expected a little more flavor / pop from it, and the bread needed to be buttered before it was toasted. The steak was nice and very tender. For the combo you got your choice of chips and fruit, but they only had 2 kinds of chips and 2 options for fruit. If they had just a couple more options it would have rounded things out better.
5	When my sister told me about how good this place was, I said that I had to try it the next time I went to Vegas. When my family and I took a small vacation to Vegas, we decided to have a lunch there.I got the Pressed Chicken Breast Panini with roasted red peppers, mozzarella & pesto on country bread and my sister got the Cool Sicilian Tuna with fennel, black olives & lemon confit on a baguette and we shared these with our parents.I was very happy with what I got. My sandwich had pesto in it, which I love, and mozarella. mMm... when melted, it`s the best. The sandwich was "Pressed" which meant that it was grilled on a panini grill which made the bread nice and crusty. The only bad thing about the crustiness of the bread was that every time I bit into the sandwich, it would shred the roof of my mouth. Other than that, I really liked it.The next trip I took to Vegas, I was with my boyfriend, and I had to have it again. Only that time, I got something different to save the roof of my mouth.I got the Warm Roasted Turkey with avocado, bacon, balsamic onions & mayo on ciabatta (minus the bacon) and my boyfriend got the Pressed Corned Beef with sauerkraut, swiss cheese & whole grain mustard on rye bread. I liked my sandwich a lot because avocado makes everything taste good. My boyfriend`s sandwich was good too (with the exception of the shredded roof of my mouth) because I really love corned beef and mustard together. Yum.My sister and I are planning to go to San Francisco soon and we know there`s a `wichcraft up there and we can`t wait.
3	OK, so I was in the MGM grand for the week, and I was really underwhelmed by the food choices in Vegas there seemed to be no middle ground between the low end chains in the food courts and the celebrity chef $100+ for dinner places. So witchcraft holds the lower middle in price. I paid $16 for the warmed turkey sandwich and a water. What do you get for the money, well the ciabatta bread wasn't fresh baked or at all special, the turkey wasn't that great either. The sandwich tasted good but really was nothing to write home about and if it was in Seattle I would consider the price a rip-off , but in Vegas I guess its priced OK. I didn't love the ambiance, just a cold clinical modern vibe with uncomfortable chairs and insufficient seating. The fact they were busy was I think due to the lack of other choices. I was at a conference on expenses and honestly the best food I ate all week was catered by the conference center in the hotel, they need some decent dinner choices in the $30-40 range for normal people.
4	Oh, damn. Great stuff here. I go ga-ga over a good sandwich, and 'wichcraft is up there in my book. Four of us stopped in for a late lunch on Saturday around 2 pm, and sat ourselves down after ordering from the counter at this cute, casual shop. I ordered a pressed chicken breast sandwich and some Manhattan clam chowder to share with the hubby. We were given buzzers to hold onto while our food was being made. My impatient self usually takes this to mean that my stomach will consume itself before getting served...however, the food was actually up after just a few minutes.Yayyyy.My chicken breast sandwich consisted of BIG chunks of tender chicken breast, roasted red peppers, FRESH mozzarella slices (not just the regular processed slice of melted mozzarella), and pesto sauce. Those are some of my favorite ingredients, so I was pretty excited. And the thing was delicious...though I might have liked a bit more pesto sauce for flavor. The clam chowder was pretty good as well...nice and savory with more than enough good chunks of clam in there. I was about to save half of my sandwich for later, till I remembered that our room had no refrigerator (yeah WTF MGM) and promptly ate the rest. But really, it could have been two servings. In fact, I can say pretty confidently that a sandwich that size IS two servings :/'witchcraft is definitely pricey for a sandwich shop (our two sandwiches and soup came to about $25), but no more so than most anything else in Vegas that isn't McDonald's. Overall, you're getting some great quality ingredients, nice-sized portions, and good service. No doubt in my mind that I'll be back for lunch when I'm in Vegas again. Thanks Tom!
4	Very expensive sandwiches, but they were also very delicious. I would recommend the shrimp salad sandwich to the world. It was very good. The steak sandwich was also very good, with nice flavor but I enjoyed the freshness of the shrimp sandwich.Now, I'm not really a sandwich person but this was satisfying. I never would've stopped here myself if my friend didnt have the biggest man-crush on tom collichio.
3	I was expecting great things from this sandwich shop but was disappointed to find basically a glorified lunch counter. The ingredients just didn't seem to be very high quality. The steak melt didn't have enough steak in it. The sandos sound good but the execution didn't seem to be there. For the inflated price tag I want a great sandwich. This wasn't.
2	This place is okay... I've heard great things since its Tom Collichio's place, but I was pretty disappointed by the food.I had the steak panini.  The bread was good, but the steak wasn't great.  It was cooked well, but it didn't really taste like anything.  It wasn't very flavorful even though it looked good.My girlfriend had the Chicken pesto sandwich.  Again, the chicken didn't taste like anything and the pesto was mediocre.  Sorry Tom...
3	The website mentions that menu will vary from location to location, but the Las Vegas location has an almost completely different menu. The menu I saw seemed a lot more indulgent and nearly every sandwich had bacon on it. My friend had the meatloaf sandwich which had several slices of bacon on it. I tried some of the meatloaf and it was average tasting. I had the shrimp salad sandwich. I didn't read the menu carefully enough and was surprised to find the shrimp salad had bacon bits in it. The sandwich was good though and had a lot of shrimp in it. The roll they used was very good although I didn't like that they used warm bread for a cold sandwich. I liked my shrimp salad a little better than the meatloaf (to be fair I only tried the meatloaf by itself instead of as part of a sandwich), but neither item really made an impression on me. They were average tasting sandwiches made with noticeably above average ingredients. At nearly $10 each, I would say they were on the expensive side, but for the location and quality I wouldn't consider it grossly overpriced. My friend had his as a combo ($15 for sandwich, bag of chips, fruit, and a drink). I had a small soup and a cup of water with my sandwich for a total of $13. Someone had mentioned they charge for cups of water, but I'm not sure if I was or not. The New England clam chowder was pretty good. There were a lot of clams and the small was a decent sized serving. $13 for a cup of really good chowder and an above average sandwich seems like a better deal than the combo to me (but I don't like potato chips). This isn't a place I'm dying to rush back to, but I'd eat there again if I'm in the area.
2	Tom Collichio would have been disappointed. It just wasn't a very good sandwich. The quality of the ingredients used in the sandwiches weren't the best and I think that was the biggest reason for it being mediocre. The bread wasn't very fresh. The tomatoes were barely red, and without much flavor. It would be similar to having juicy cardboard in a sandwich. The Jalepenos weren't cleaned well, so much of the bitter pith still remained. It also didn't help that the people behind the counter didn't really care if the sandwich was a mess when they gave it to you. I don't think they read tom's book.
2	Being a lover of sandwiches and Top Chef, when I heard about this place I almost peed my pants in anticipation.  Sadly, it severely disappointed and I was quite hungover, so you would think a flip flop would taste good given the amount of food I needed to absorb the prevous nights libations.  We tried the breakfast sandwich with skirt steak, fried egg, oyster mushrooms and ciabatta.  That's exactly what we got.  No seasoning, no sauce, no nothing.  SO BLAND.  And the eggs were way overcooked.  Perhaps if they had cooked the eggs over-easy that would've accounted for some sauciness, but not one drop could be found.  Also tried the roasted pork, coppa, pepper relish and fontina cheese panini.  This is the only reason this place gets two stars.  It was also bordering on bland, but compared to the other sandwich it was a big improvement on flavor.  For sides, we had a yogurt (fine) and purple potato salad (bland, again). The other thing (that I should know about Vegas by now) is that they charge almost $4 for a bottle of water and/or pop.  So our drinks and sides DOUBLED the cost of our crappy sandwiches.  Definitely do not recommend.
2	Sloppy sandwich. Did you read that Tom? Your sandwich I paid 8 dollars for was sloppily made!I needed to eat while working at MGM. I wanted to eat at Craftsteak, but it was closed. I saw 'whichcraft and after reading reviews I was skeptical. However, it was there, it was open, there was no line.I opted for the mozzarella panini. I was weary of ordering a pricier sandwich with meat because of the mediocre reviews of most of them. Sandwich ordered to go.Wait time was fast. Took my panini away and... As I ate it I realized the half I was eating only had cheese in it. Wtf, I thought. So I inspected the other half - and there was the rest of the ingredients. Slopped into the panini, spilling out the other side.Come on. If I'm going to pay over 8 bucks for a panini could it at least be well made? The flavors were decent, but the presentation was terrible. Plus how can I even rectify the ingredients dispersal situation when everything is already grilled together? That's right... I can't.If you want a sammie go to Earl of Sandwich. At least if it sucks, you will not have paid as much for it.
3	I had the corned beef on rye, and though it was good, it was not ten dollars good.  If I am paying ten dollars for a sandwich it best be large and amazing, and it was neither.  Everyone I ate with liked their sandwiches well enough, but not one person really thought they were amazing, and we were all VERY hungry for a long night of drinking.  The combo I got was actually $15, which is the price of the breakfast buffet at MGM!  All in all its a good sandwich and if you got money to burn its not a bad choice, otherwise, keep looking.
3	The most economical way to experience Tom Collichio's food. The whoopie pie was good, the rest of the food was fresh but unremarkable, the service was excellent. The server offered to make the lunch sandwiches even though it was still technically breakfast. $26 for two sandwiches, drinks and one dessert.
2	Tom..I didn't even know this was your restaurant, but once I found out after eating here, I'm so disappointed!!!Your clam chowder was average at most. Maybe I'm a bit spoiled from my favorite SF clam chowders with an overabundance of fresh clams, finely diced potatoes, and creamy but not too thick chowder, but your chowder was notttt good! Not only did it lack some spice, the chowder was ridiculously thick and SO SALTY. I had less than half of the bowl, and was left so thirsty and a bit disgusted. And I definitely did not want to start my Vegas trip with a bloated stomach already...that's the alcohol's job!I also tried your chicken panini, which barely had any meat or fixings inside (mainly just chicken, cheese, and tomato). It was a bit dry too -- where's the sauce? Not the best meal to start with in Vegas, but I do hope you fix your selections! I love Top Chef, and I don't want to start not liking you every time I watch the show...
4	We were looking for a place to have a quick snack while walking thru the MGM.I spotted 'wichcraft and it looked cool from the outside.I didn't know who Tom Collichio is because I don't watch the show, but my friends did and were excited to try a sandwich.I had the Chicken Salad Sandwich. It was really tasty and fresh.My friends all said their sandwiches were good as well.This place has a cool look and the service and food was good and the price wasn't too bad considering you are eating inside the MGM on the Strip.Great place to grab a quick sandwich.
3	Not bad. We were hungry after only having soups from Emeril's Fishhouse across the way (their kitchen closes early for lunch) so we decided to try Mr. Collichio's sandwich shop. I asked the lady what she liked best as I really wasnt sure what to order. She said uh the steak pannini is the best seller. Ok not what I asked and I love the lack of enthusiasm but w/e Im sure she was tired of stupid top chef foodies (Like me :) asking a bunch of questions. So I got the steak pannini. It was pretty good a little greasy with the cheese and under seasoned but there was a lot of steak and the sandwich was definitely big enough to share. While a lot of the items on the their menu sounded pretty yummy nothing stood out as wow! I think honesty Mendocino Farms (our very own specialty sandwich shop in LA) is waay better and more interesting and priced roughly the same. Alas Craft in LA is next I'll gauge Mr. Collichio's menu from that and not some after thought of a sandwich shop.
3	Great place to grab a quick and cheaper bite to eat of you're strolling the strip or have a nice dinner planned that evening and you don't want to stuff yourself. The sandwiches are pretty good, but you have to be willing to really explore MGM of you don't know where you're going. That place is kind of a maze and 'wichcraft is tucked in there near the back by the pools.
4	Putting the Collichio name on this place definitely raises expectations for customers. I sort of laugh looking at some of these reviews because they are judging a fast food place like a fine dinning experience. Personally, this place needs to be judged against other fast food experiences like Panera, Cosi, etc., not a restaurant like Craft. I personally loved the food. I had the skirt steak breakfast sandwich and it was easily the best breakfast sandwich I had a fast food place. Great flavor and wonderful bread. My wife had the roasted turkey and that was pretty good too. We also tried the whoopie pie and brownie, both of which were good. However, I'd skip the brownie next time and just go for the whoopie pie, that was fantastic.The downside of this place is that its pricey. Two sandwiches + 2 ice coffees + 2 desserts was about $30. I can't say that price though is substantially different than other gourmet sandwich places like Panera or Cosi.
2	I did have high expectations because of Tom Collichio's name and the fact that I LOVE Craftsteak, but this place was disappointing. The sandwich I had was okay but nothing special. I've had better sandwiches in Portland.
3	This is a tough one.  Food was good, prices were not.  At the same time, prices were on par with other places inside the nicer hotels... anyhow, 4 stars for the food and 2 stars for the prices equals three stars for me.My wife and I shared the chicken salad and a tuna sandwich.  The salad was quite good, with a tangy dressing, pickled onions, and marinated peppers.  It was tastey with a little zing now and then.  The tuna sandwich was very lightly mayo'd and seasoned with lemon juice and capers.  It was probably one of the better tuna sandwiches I've had (my favorite is still at Catalina Cafe in Redondo).So, the bad part... a salad, sandwich, and two drinks cost $30.  If it had been under $20, I would have been happy and telling everyone that this is a great take-out place for lunch... as it is, though, I'd recommend caprioti's if there's one nearby... great sandwiches, fair prices there.  Witchcraft had good food, but not necessarily worth the shillings.
2	Really the only reason to eat here is because you're starving and it'll take 20 minutes plus to walk across the ginormous MGM grand to cheaper and tastier food options.. Other than that my "gourmet" sandwich tasted pretty awful and cost me a near fortune. Strip dining can be tough, but you'd be better off at Mickey D's...
5	As good as it gets - for quick service sandwiches.  It really was a tasty meal, but set your expectations people!  Far superior to the other counter-service offerings.
3	'Wichcraft is one of those "why didn't I think of this" kind of places.  It couldn't be a simpler concept, yet it's SO popular.  I've been here on 3 or 4 separate occasions as of this writing.  Here's what I like and don't like about it:PROS:-  A healthy(ish) dining option (in comparison to most other things that you're going to consume in Vegas).-  Every sammich I've had here has been quite good.-  Perfect for a pre/post swimming lunch; as it's conveniently located on the way to/from the MGM pool/Wet Republic.CONS:-  Maybe a little on the pricey side..  I expect to pay a premium for any half way decent food while on vacation, but an average $10 plus tax for a small panini (without adding chips, fruit, or drink) seems slightly high.  A combo runs about $15.-  Sometimes a line out the door.-  The wait for your order is kind of long.  They give you a buzzer to let you know when your order is ready.  Should I really have enough time to walk around the mall and wait to get buzzed while they make a sandwich?-  They messed up and gave me the wrong sandwich last time.  It was still good though!
3	The price on these sandwiches is what makes this an A-Ok experience for me; were they priced any more reasonably, this would be a 4-star place.The chicken breast, roasted red pepper, mozzarella & pesto on country bread panini was really a great sandwich. The bread was soft, the cheese was high quality, and the pesto was creamy -- but the combo will set you back almost $20. If you're in the mood for something healthy, it's a great option (not past 5pm, though). During high lunch times the wait may be a bit long.
5	On our last day in Vegas, we came to 'wichcraft to grab breakfast before hitting the road.  I ordered the skirt steak breakfast sandwich, with fried eggs and oyster mushrooms served on ciabatta bread.  My wife ordered the fried egg, bacon, blue cheese and greens sandwich, also served on ciabatta bread.  Thankfully, we came just at the right time (around 11 AM).  When we came in, the place was pretty empty.  But after we ordered and sat down, a ton of folks showed up (check-out at the MGM is 11 AM).  It seems like a lot of people had the same idea as us, as many of the other patrons had their luggage in tow.While we had high expectations, since this is Tom Collichio's establishment, we were not disappointed.  This was easily the most delicious breakfast sandwich I've ever eaten, though my wife said the same thing about her sandwich!The only complaint I have about this place is that it's only open from 10 AM - 5 PM.  I think they should be open late on the weekends, as this would be a great place to sober up after a long night of partying on the Strip.
5	I ate here during the off hours, so the wait wasn't a problem. Though the prices are high, around $9 for a sandwich, I loved it.  The chicken salad was great on thick soft wheat bread.  The best though was the BLT.  It is made the way I would dream it--thick toasted white bread, Boston lettuce, ripe chopped tomatoes, lots of mayo, and layers of crispy (but not brittle) thick bacon. Yummy.
3	This place was located inside my hotel and was convenient. There was a long line, and it took awhile to get our food. My bf got the skirt steak breakfast sandwich, with fried eggs and oyster mushrooms served on ciabatta bread, and I got the same but replaced the skirt steak with turkey instead. The ciabatta bread was super chewy, but everything else was decent. My bf liked his, and I could see why (my turkey made the sandwich more dry than his.) It was alright, and I'd only come back if there wasn't anything else to eat in the area, and if it wasn't such a big wait.
4	Let me start off by saying that I love sandwiches.  I love the fact that you can take one bite and get a little bit of everything.  Sandwiches provide the perfect bite every time!'wichcraft does an amazing job of mixing great flavors.  My favorite sandwich is the roasted turkey.  Thick cuts of turkey meat, bacon, avocado and the kicker... carmalized onions.  It is sooooo delicious!!!! Dangit... My mouth is watering...Anyways, it may be a on the pricey side, but let's face it... Everything is a little pricey in Vegas on the strip.
4	Tom Collichio sure does know what's up! I am a massive Craftsteak fan and now I am also a huge fan of his sandwiches!BF and I wanted a quick meal so we decided to try 'wichcraft. I ordered the Roasted Turkey and BF got the Chicken Salad Sandwich. The only reason why I won't give 5 stars is the price - two sandwiches, one bottled water, and one $7 beer turned into a $36 meal. That's a bit much for sandwiches, but I suppose everything in Vegas is somewhat overpriced.We LOVED our sandwiches! BF's Chicken Salad had big chunks of fresh chicken breast and was served on super soft, thick, wheat bread. My Roasted Turkey was very good, I loved the caramelized balsamic onions and the fresh avocado. The bacon tasted like it was freshly cooked. If you are in MGM and want a quick meal, I highly suggest coming here.
5	Some of the best sandwiches ever. Skirt Steak and Fried Eggs! Awesome
2	Overpriced, underwhelming.Tried the corn beef reuben which was disappointing and lacked flavor. We also had the steak with the oyster mushrooms which was an interesting sandwich, but the oyster mushrooms dominated the meat and just felt really unbalanced.As most people said.. its pretty overpriced for what you get as well... I did see a $5 PB&J... wonder what makes it $5.
5	Ate here three days in a row for lunch while staying at the MGM. We took the sandwiches down to the pool each time and ate on the lounge chairs or at one of the tables down there--no problems bringing the food in at all (though they do check you for glass bottles on your way in); this also actually ended up saving us money in the end, as food prices at the pool are hugely inflated. We ended up making friends with one of the security guards who confided in us that the prices are purposefully marked up since it is the assumption--correctly--that if you're at the pool you won't travel very far to look for other food if you can just get a bowl of mediocre nachos for $16 three feet from your towel. But I digress....As far as the sandwiches go, the mozzarella chicken panini was our absolute favorite--I probably could have gotten it every time and been more than content. I also tried the warmed turkey avocado sandwich and the chicken salad sandwich; both very good though I would recommend the chicken salad sandwich over the former. They also have a few "pre-made" salads (both side and entree sizes) that actually looked so appealing I *almost* ordered one; but no sense in being "good" in Vegas, right? Adding kettle chips, an apple/banana and a drink makes you a combo for $15. For Vegas, its about what you'd pay for all of the above, and as far as a meal goes in this place, well, it's truthfully on the cheaper side of eats. Overall, an excellent option for a relatively cheap meal of good portion size in a short amount of time. Nom nom nom!
5	Yes, this is a sandwich joint (albeit a Top Chef judge's sandwich joint) but it deserves every bit of five stars. Went there twice -- got the pork panini once, the meatloaf sandwich the second time. Thought the pork panini was excellent, until I got the meatloaf. Topped with cheese and juicy bacon, it might be the best sandwich I've ever had. It's definitely the best meatloaf I've ever had. Go there and get this.
3	I give this a 3 because while what I ordered was fine, it was too mediocre for a $16 bill. I actually ordered a chicken panini which was about $10 plus a water. The lady asked if I wanted to make it a combo, which would include the water, an apple and bag of chips. Had I known it would add up to $16 (with tax), I would have said no thanks. But then again, the water was probably $5 anyway. When I got my order, I was confused for a second until I realized that I was given a turkey sandwich. I was about to get up to tell them, but looked at my receipt and it in fact said I paid for a turkey sandwich combo. I decided against complaining because I was in a hurry, plus I like turkey anyway.The sandwich had turkey slices, avocado, and caramelized onion on ciabatta bread. It was good, tho the turkey was a bit dry on the edges. Some small pieces of the avocado were brown too. For what I paid, I found this unacceptable. Like I said, it was too mediocre for the price tag. Even the apple didn't seem so fresh. I ended up going to the McDonald's nearby the next day for lunch. This place is more about location and convenience than great quality - at too high of a price for my taste (and I don't mind expensive meals but they have to be worth it).
4	Tom Collicchio of Top Chef fame has a chain of Craft steakhouses. This is his fast food sandwich place, hence the clever name. Excellent chicken salad and roast turkey sandwiches.
4	We had the meatloaf sandwich and I have to admit that it was just as if I'd made it at home with my leftover meatloaf!  It was sooo filling, I had to take a nap after eating half the sandwich!
4	Of the 4 total meals I ate over the course of the 3 days of my most recent Vegas trip, 'wichcraft accounted for 50% both due to its convenient proximity to my hotel room at MGM Grand and also because the panini were just so darn delicious.Visit 1: Drunk stumble from Wet Republic. I do not at all remember stopping by but I do remember being back in my room, lying on my bed, stuffing my face with the blackened flank steak panino (romesco, grilled red onions, aged cheddar on country bread). Those 890 calories served me well and got me sober and fueled up enough to make it through the 5-hour iHeartRadio concert. Tender steak and the flavor combo of romesco and cheddar was out of this world delightful to my tongue.Visit 2: Running on fumes, racing between check-out and getting our bikini clad booties over to Rehab for our last hurrah of the weekend. Opted for the chicken breast panino (roasted red pepper, mozzarella and pesto on country bread) and was so relieved to be able to fill my starving tummy with big chunks of tender white chicken meat accented by just the perfect amount of pesto.So many menu options that all sound phenomenal, I'll be making a beeline back here asap. Dare I say it, but 'wichcraft blew Earl of Sandwich out of the water when it comes to Vegas sandwich stops.
5	Ok I must confess this place is GREAT!!!!oh yes they can customize pretty much any yummy toasty sandwich that you're craving!!! Not to mention PRICE!!! it's insanely CHEAP CONSIDERING THAT YOUR IN VEGAS BABY !!!! def worth giving a try.... Please enjoy.
3	This place ain't bad.  I've eaten at the one in San Francisco.  This time, I had the breakfast sandwich, which comes with blue cheese.  I substituted gruyere because I couldn't imagine blue cheese being that great on a breakfast sandwich.  Maybe I missed out.  The apple is hilarious.  Good place for a quick bite to eat.
1	I had the vegan sandwich. For the price, I was expecting a fabulous sandwich. The bread was stale and the dressing made my mouth tingle for awhile after I was finished eating. Quite a disappointment.
3	This place is okay. If it didn't have Tom  Colicchio's name on it I may have liked it more. Don't get me wrong, I'm a fan of Tom C., but when you put his name on an eatery my expectations go up. I just expected more creative sandwiches. I didn't find anything very unique or different than any other panini/sandwich shop I've been to. Also, they had some of the worst iced tea I've ever had. Their cookies are quite tasty, so try those out if you want some dessert.Over-priced for sandwiches, but ever since Vegas decided they could start gouging their patrons on food this seems to be the norm. This is a good option if you want something besides fast food but don't want to spend $20 - $30+ on a meal.The process of placing an order coud also definitely be improved. The line gets long fast, but the menu is only above the counter and the writing is kind of small. If they had some menus that you could look at while waiting in line this would definitely speed up the ordering process.I would come back here of I stayed at MGM again, but otherwise I wouldn't go out of my way to come again.
3	Solid sandwiches, decent "healthy" option in an area devoid of that, and a quick, easy, efficient process to boot.But just two dang expensive. A "combo"--sandwich, chips, drink, and a banana--sets you back $15, and even the sandwich alone will cost you a Hamilton minus Jefferson.The Tom Colicchio brand-name comes behind these 'wichcraft sandwiches, but they're nowhere near amazeballs. It's not like an Ike's Place San Francisco treat, or a drool-worthy NOLA po-boy, or even as tasty as Jimmy John's fresh-baked bread (don't hate; you know it's delicious).Still, not a bad option for a quick lunch.
5	This is my new favorite lunch spot in Las Vegas! For $15 you can get a sandwich, chips, fruit, and a beverage. After our first visit, my Mom and I decided to split this combo, as the sandwiches are very large. During our weekend trip, we tried the shredded pork, the goat cheese and arugula, the ham and muenster, and the blackened steak. The blackened steak was by far the most delicious. All were great though! Lunch in Vegas to me should be quick and easy. I'm not into having a big sit down lunch. I've got places to go! It's short order style and the staff is super friendly. I will continue to come here again and again!
3	This place isn't horrible. I love the idea of it all. It just wasn't up to snuff. For a place with "wich" in it's name, I would think the sandwiches would be bomb. Instead, they were mediocre. I had the chicken pesto panini. It definitely lacked flavor and the bread wasn't as crispy as I had hoped a panini would be. Not bad, just wouldn't come back again. TIP: If you're looking for a good sandwich and you're in the MGM anyway, make your way down the walkway to Tower 2. Go to the Delights cafe and order their Bourbon or Market. You won't regret it.
4	imo, people really need to mute the whining about pricing on the strip. Seriously, 15 bucks for a sandwich, chips, fruit & drink is too high, while in the MGM Grand? maybe in the ghetto if your hubcaps are being lifted while you ate.  Disregarding the grousers, this place works quite well. Above avg quality, quick, decently priced for what it is where it is, and you're immediately right back in to the frey of the Grand. Hell yes!
4	When compared to the MGM's buffet place near by, this place was by far tastier and healthier than what the buffet offered. The buffet was horrible. For a sandwich place, it is on the pricier side but then again, isn't everything  on the strip in Vegas? Besides, its a much healthier option besides the other deli we found at the Forum Shops.
1	no more giant whoopee pies.boo.
4	Shrimp sandwich is delicious. Of all the fast food choices available, this is the best one here.
5	So there I was in Vegas doing the tourist thing...giving myself a break from losing the other 1/2 of my ass at the slots.  We're walking through the MGM Grand and OMG!  I see Tom Colicchio's name and almost lose my mind like the man is standing in front of me or something. (Top Chef overload obviously)   Once I calmed down I of course I had to have lunch there.  So glad I did.  The customer service was stellar.  The prices were really reasonable for Vegas and all of the sandwiches sounded delicious!  My partner and I decided to share one (since 1/2 our asses were in various slot machines).  We finally ended up ordering the meatloaf sandwich..it was assembled beautifully and each ingredient complimented the other.  There was a tomato relish on it that I could of eaten by the spoonful.  The bread was grilled to a golden crunch yet remained tender.  The relish, cheese and meatloaf worked!  It all came together like they'd just kissed at the wedding chapel, I HEARD the bells ringing!  Seriously, this place is a bargain and a way to feel like you've won big when you've actually lost 1/2 your ass...and fuels you up to go either win it back or lose the other half.
1	This place is super whack.I understand that it's Vegas, and it's going to cost $350 dollars for a sandwich wherever I go, but the prices at 'wichcraft are intolerable, given the quality of the food.In the haze of a near-deadly hangover, I ordered a grilled chicken sandwich without looking too closely at the ingredients, assuming that a chicken sandwich would be a pretty hard thing to screw up.How naive.The sandwich comes with chicken, chickpeas, steamed spinach, and mozzarella.  Just the idea of this combination sounds awful.  Seriously, whoever came up with this sandwich needs a psychiatric evaluation.  It was disgusting.  The chicken was very stringy and gristly.  I mean, how hard is it to cut the gristle off of chicken?  Not very.  The chickpeas were inconsistently mashed into the bread, or sometimes just left whole.  The spinach and cheese were both arranged in disorganized clumps, so that some bites contained exclusively one ingredient.  Sandwich Making 101 clearly teaches that ingredients must be evenly distributed so that all bites are created equal.One of my friends got another sandwich that he described as being nearly inedible.Also, they make you pay $0.25 for a cup of water.  Fuck you, 'wichcraft.If you're looking for an actually good sandwich in Vegas, head up to Planet Hollywood, and go to Earl of Sandwich.  Their stuff is delicious, and I was in and out of there for about $7.
5	I was really impressed with the quality of sandwiches. I had the corned beef panini and my girlfriend had the goat cheese, avocado and walnut sandwich. I opted for the $15 combos and it came with a piece of fruit, any drink (fresh grapefruit juice in my case) and chips. It was even more food than I could finish all at once. This little place is a great deal considering the cost of food in Vegas.
4	A delicious sweet potato and goat cheese sandwich.
1	What a huge disappointment. We went here because we thought we would get a great sandwich, we were wrong. There were 8 of us and every one of us did not like our sandwiches. All of our sandwiches had little to no flavor and all were awful. I would not recommend this place to anyone. It is clear that this restaurant is not a priority to any of its owners and that they must have never eaten here. We had a lof of variety in our sandwiches between the 8 of us so it was across the board just a failure and I am typically pretty forgiving of food/restaurants. Save your money and go elsewhere.
4	Definitely try the Blackened steak panini. Ridiculous flavor and it Destroyed every ounce of hunger in me lol
4	I think Yelp needs to introduce 1/2 stars because I'd like to give 'Wichcraft a 3.5.  The place is bright and relatively clean.  We wanted a light sandwich place and were staying at the MGM so this was the place.  As avid TopChef watchers, we were excited to realize this was one of Tom Colicchio's restaurants.  We had some issues charging the lunch to our room, but that was MGM's fault, not the cashier.  I ordered the 1/2 chopped chickpeas sandwich (chickpeas, green olives, roasted red pepper, arugula on country white bread) with the tomato parmesan soup.  My boyfriend ordered roasted turkey, avocado, bacon, balsamic onions, and mayo on ciabatta.  I would not say it was the best sandwich I've ever had, but it was tasty.  The bread was particularly good, like fresh bakery bread.  My boyfriend devoured his sandwich but I think he said it could have used a slice of cheese.  We both agreed the tomato soup was the best part - it was a departure from our usual Tomato Bisque selection, but it was rich and hearty.  Overall, it was a pleasant lunch and I would eat there again if I end up in Vegas again.
3	I LOVE CRAFT restaurant. I was staying at MGM this past weekend, and after laying out at pool to detox after a long saturday night, I walked into 'wichcraft seeing Tom Colicchio name on window. Tom Colicchio's Craft in LA is great, so I had high expectation from this casual sandwich shop however it was just mere ehhhh okay. The tuna panini was sour~ and I didn't care for it too much, but I was really hungry since I haven't eaten all day till 4pm. Hmmmm maybe next time.
3	This may be a 3.5 star review.  The meatloaf was a large sandwich.  The slab of meatloaf was nearly an inch thick, and the cheddar on top was nice and melted.  This was an excellent sandwich.During another meal, I tried the pulled pork panini.  I think this was more imaginative than the meatloaf.  Maybe not better, but definitely more interesting.  It was spicy, which I liked.  And, they got an excellent crunch on the bread from the panini press.  The sandwich doesn't look like much, but it's filling, so don't let your eyes fool you when it arrives.They were out of potato salad, which was annoying.  Also, their brand of kettle chips (I can't recall the name) has way too much vinegar in their salt and vinegar chips.  It was overpowering, I couldn't finish them.
1	Where to begin. At first glance cute light lunch place. Sandwiches and lite salads. Goes down hill from there. Staff knows nothing about what they are serving. Salad ingredients were downright unpleasant at best. Sandwiches are small and again ingredients are not fresh. Seriously, go around the corner to the food court and have lunch for the same price or less and you will have better food.  Sorry we tried this place.
4	good sandwich!  I forgot what I ordered--it might've been their meatloaf sandwich?In any event, the sandwich was satisfying.  It didn't have the WoW factor though.  If you happen to be at MGM and looking for a quick lunch, stop by here and you probably won't be disappointed.  A nearby stop as you leave the MGM pools and had back towards the casino...
1	Tried 2 different sandwiches and both were horrible!!!!  It takes a lot for me to not like something and this place was it. The roasted chicken sandwich had this horrible tasting chicken that was barely edible. PLus it was also expensive for not tasting good. Avoid this place. Not worth all that money.
1	Wow!  It's obvious that the founding Chef or ANY of their managers have not eaten there...the quality was terrible!I decided to try the PB&J.  Aweful.  The Pullman bread was soooo dry it made it almost unbearable.  The person who prepared it used minimal amounts of PB or J...the point is to cake it on and it was no where near the edges, so about 1/3 of the sandwich was not edible.Also, learn to make fresh squeezed lemonade.Either people are not following quality standards or this Chef that created this place is a disaster!
1	Now that they have completely changed and revamped their menu, I am no longer a fan. The cashiers and everyone else are still great but the quality of the food has plummeted. I cannot recommend this place for the pricey sandwiches without quality to back it up.
4	I had a fantastic steak and eggs sandwich here on super fresh focaccia. Absolutely delicious.  They were quick, polite, and the atmosphere is nice. The portion size was just perfect (which means I had 2-3 bites left).  Loved it!
3	They are okay, had some comps at MGM but if you are paying they seemed a little pricy. Sandwich and cookie were good.
4	A must stop for me in Vegas! Got the flank steak sandwich yesterday and it hit the spot. Perfect savory lunch to bring down to pools at MGM. It was simple with flank steak, gooey cheese n some sort of veggies. The boyfriend had an awesome turkey sandwich too. Prices are great n they have ice cold sodas n waters. JUST what we needed after a couple fun fun fun days in Vegas :)
5	Soooooooooo good! It's a shame they don't have any in the Chicago area! I had a breakfast sandwich there while on vacation in Las Vegas and let me tell you. Amazing! Happy we tried this place, will definitely visit again when I'm back in Vegas or the NY area.
4	I'm conflicted by this place, I'm in love with what I ordered, but I wasn't crazy about the other things I've sampled.I ordered a turkey sandwich, but I ordered it without bread. Breadless sandwiches are a bit of an oxymoron but the ingredients are so good they can stand alone as its own quirky dish. The turkey sandwich I ordered were thick slices of warm, fresh turkey, slices of avocado, grilled balsamic onions, crispy bacon, and aioli. It was a perfect meal - I loved the saltiness of the bacon paired with the creaminess of the avocado, and the sweetness of the balsamic onions created balance...it was almost the perfect meal for me. I had a friend who ordered the same sandwich but (obviously) with the bread. It tasted like completely different! The ciabatta (as much as I love love love carbs) muted all the saltiness I fell in love with, it actually muted all of the flavor. My friend also ordered the breakfast sandwich, which was pretty good, but still not very memorable. I personally feel like the bread hid all of the high-quality ingredients.My vote? Definitely worth a try, but I dare you to go bread-less, you might like it~
2	Tom,Please pack your knives and go.The driest steak sandwich on the strip and could not be saved by the fried egg because the yolk was rock hard.
1	We were told that they only had wheat and the standard breads for the 'pressed sandwiches'. That was a lie. They only had wheat. When I said "You just said you had bread for the pressed sandwiches", I was told they just ran out. Nobody was in front of us. So, who took the last of the two types of breads for the pressed sandwiches? How can a sandwich shop run out of every type of bread except wheat by mid-day? They said that they had been out of the other bread for over 3 hours. WHAT?!? Extremely poor planning and horrible handling of the customers. We love you, Tom. But, you really need to get a handle on this place.
2	We had a $75 food and beverage credit during our stay at the Signature so we ate here twice.  The sandwich was pricey considering they were more bread than anything else and did not taste that good.  Earl of Sandwich is a million times better.
2	In town for a conference at the MGM so went here for lunch during the conference.Ordered the turkey sandwich, their tomato soup and a mini chocolate cupcake (leaving half for my lunch the next day! I'm not a pig!).  Let me just tell you, it was ALL very "meh".  Seriously.  None of it was very good.  And I wouldn't order any of it again.  If you are craving a good (or better yet, FREAKIN' DELICIOUS) sandwich while on the strip, go to Earl's at Planet Hollywood.  End of story.
2	fast food, street food, quick, eats, snacks, whatever you call it.lets face it, these meals in vegas suck.hotel lounges have mcdonalds, subways, rubios, sbarros, etc.they're all ridiculously over-priced and not delicious.wichcraft is no different, situated in the MGM I ordered,roasted turkey sandwich:Hot avocado and turkey sandwich with a ton of bacon.normally delicious however I just spent the entire day at Wet Republic consuming ridiculous amounts of alcohol enough to drown a horse so the bacon was SO DEHYDRATING.whack sandwich, save your time and head to EARLS!
2	Prices are high and sandwiches are not anything special.I ordered the BLT, but for some reason, it tasted really fishy...Come here around 5pm and you get to people watch those who just left Wet Republic.
3	After leaving the pool, my husband and I were hungry for something small. This place served it's purpose. I ordered the chicken salad sandwich combo with honey green tea and an apple. My hubby got the pressed ham sandwich and Kettle chips. Both sandwiches were good, but nothing special. We spent $25 and could've gotten something better than that at MGM's other great restaurants.
2	Popped in here for some lunch since I was staying at MGM.  Honestly, a trip down to Planet Hollywood's Earl Grey Sandwiches would have been a wiser choice.This place is PRICEY!  For just a sandwich that doesn't even come with chips or a side salad, they really shouldn't overcharge their customers.  Some sandwiches are good, but some aren't and the price just doesn't make it any better.If I really had to choose a favorite, I would pick the turkey sandwich.  I tried the shrimp one and for a shrimp lover, it was disappointing.  Would not recommend.  You can probably find better shrimp salad sandwiches elsewhere.On top of overpriced sandwiches, this place is SUPER CROWDED especially at lunch hours.  My family had to stand up while eating our sandwiches and so did a lot of other people.  Not enough seating whatsoever.
5	The warm roast turkey is one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. Priced at about $10, the food is a great value for a Vegas strip location. Service was fast and friendly. Recommend bringing your own bottle of water as they're overpriced in the store. Also seating is very limited at peak times
4	I liked the sandwich that I had which was the one with turkey, bacon and guac. I do however think that is is a little pricey.
1	Extremely dissatisfied.We ordered 5 different sandwiches and only enjoyed 1. Tomato soup was the most disgusting soup I've ever had. It tasted and smelled like vomit. We literally had to pour it down the toilet because it was so horrible.
3	There aren't a great deal of options on the MGM property for an inexpensive breakfast that fit the category of non-fast food. 'Wichcraft fits that moniker, but falls a bit short of a great experience and value for the money. I will admit to only trying one of their breakfast sandwiches, so it is quite possible that their lunch options are better. Based on the average review from Yelpers, I suspect my experience is consistent with others. I had the steak and eggs. The steak is clearly not of the best quality, as it was a bit over cooked and chewy, making the sandwich a bit difficult to eat. Did it taste good? Yes (especially with lots of hot sauce). Was I comfortable eating it in a dress shirt whilst not wearing some of it? No. My bigger issue was the higher cost for the size of the sandwich. I yearn for the days of a cost efficient LV, so maybe I'm just being nostalgic, but it seems nearly impossible to find a fully dressed breakfast for under $15. This place is no exception, but it definitely beats fast food.
2	Honestly, would have walked to the food court around the corner, but seeing as how I predicted I'd be at the food court later in the AMs.....I chose to go with the "healthier/better/guiltless" option.Had the Roasted Turkey. Good. Nothing to rave about. Put me in walking vicinity of Earl's and I'd go there 100%.
4	I got the chicken salad to go and was a little put off when the chef reached into the under counter cooler and pulled out a plastic pre packed salad.  I was getting a diet coke also which came up to 15, but the combo was only a dollar more and comes with chips and fruit. To my surprise the salad was quite good with the balsamic dressing. There's real chunks of chicken so it's not like it came out of a can. Now I have a banana for tomorrow morning also!
2	Were my expectations high coming in here? Sure. But it's not like I was looking for Colicchio to get his shiny head all sweaty making me a sammy in the back. I simply thought they'd have an interesting menu of overpriced, but delicious 'wich's. Wrong. The menu is boring, the sammies are small and, as expected, the prices are high (peep the pic of my slow-roasted pork pressed 'wich). Bleh. I wouldn't be proud of that sammich if I made it in my own kitchen. Stumbling out of Wet Republic? You'll do just fine here. For everyone else, look elsewhere for good eats.
4	Hipster artisan sammiches at hipster prices, but so worth it... at least for the Roasted Turkey Sammich!Hits:* For once, I ordered something better than Chris K.!!! His Slow Roasted Berkshire Pork was good, but I was delighted by and savored every bit of my Roasted Turkey (also with bacon, avocado, aioli, sans onion relish on ciabatta)* I usually fear ciabatta sammiches, but the bread was lightly toasted and actually chewable* Breakfast served all day -- tempting, very tempting * The decor around the restaurant is fun :)Lessons Learned:* Medium-sized sammiches that ranges in price from $10 - $14 (without sides)* The line isn't long, but you may have to wait awhile for your sammiches -- I think we waited 15 minutes for ours and there were few orders before us* Operating hours: 10a - 5pDefinitely our top choice for the limited dining selection at the MGM food court. Too bad the place isn't open late night... Guess Earl's will have to do :D
1	Boring and extremely over priced sandwich.  And how can you call yourself a sandwich place and not carry pepper jack cheese. Disappointed!!!!
2	I love Tom Colicchio and Craft Restaurant but unfortunately I was not impressed with his sandwich place. Maybe I should have ordered the goat cheese, avocado and watercress cold sammy but I went with the one of the grilled sandwiches that my friend wanted which was a disappointment. We each ordered a grilled sandwich but they both had way too much cheese in addition to butter on each side of the bread so all you taste is fat!!! They were too heavy to even finish. It would be nice to see some more vegetarian options that use fresh veggies and not just cheese and a tiny bit of pear or a tiny smear of some tomato coulis. I'm sure the bread is good on its own so if you are going to try this place don't go for the grilled sandwiches b/c they smear butter all over the bread which masks the taste of the bread. I would def go back if I was at the MGM to try a cold sammy but I wouldn't go out of my way to go back here. We also ordered 3 sandwich style cookies - the peanut butter one was AMAZING!! My friend LOVED the oatmeal one. But neither of us liked the chocolate one. It was much too rich and I like dark chocolate normally but this was too much. I think it would have been good if it was more like Oreo with vanilla filling. A chocolate cookie with a peanut butter filling would also be a very nice addition to the cookie choices!
1	What the hell Tom Colicchio?!?!?!  My blindfolded cats can make a better sandwich!  I'd give it -5 stars but I can't. Hubs and I were at the pool and wanted some food.  Since we've been long time fans of Tom on Top Chef we thought we'd give it a try.  We weren't surprised by the prices (it is on the strip, after all) and expected the sandwiches to be top notch.  We ordered the slow roasted pork and flank steak.  I should've known this was going to be a problem when I didn't see the cheddar in the steak sandwich.  It said "aged cheddar" on the menu, why wasn't it on my sammie??   Ehhhh, I wasn't going to walk all the way back to the eatery from the pool.  I thought to myself, "I can deal, I'm sure the rest will be yummy".  Boy was I wrong.  If you like some bread with a sliver of meat and a pound of salt, this is the place for you!   I'm pretty sure the high school kid at subway can assemble a nicer sandwich than this.  Not only were they thrown together, there was barely any stuff on the bread...  not to mention my forgotten cheese.   And it was sooo salty!  Sorely disappointed, Tom.  How come all the other food you make on TV looks so good?  You've really cashed in on your fame.  I'd write him a note expressing my concern but I know it won't reach him and he's too busy raking in $$$ to care. Looking for a good sandwich on the strip?  Try Earl of Sandwich at Planet Hollywood.
3	I had the pressed flank steak sandwich combo which comes with a drink, chips & choice of banana or apple. The taste of the sandwich was decent, but could use some salt & pepper to taste. Unfortunately this sandwich shop falls short of a good sandwich joint, subway does a much better job. Compared to the rest of the food joints in the food court , WichCraft is a much better choice for healthy options.
4	We tried to get breakfast one morning here, and missed all the quick takeout options (1115am is past their time).  We walked thru the District and remembered we had seen this place.  We had the Fried Egg Sandwich - two fried eggs, on ciabatta with bacon and cheese (sorry, cannot recall).  It was excellent!!
2	Ugh gross. Sorry which craft you just don't satisfy my needs when it came to your menu and I doubt I'll be back anytime soon to attempt going for seconds. Upon reading the menu when I saw steak and eggs I most likely drooled picturing it in my head in a sandwich. When my brother and I ordered our 10 dollar sandwich of bliss(so we thought) we ordered it to go so we could eat down by bliss the actual frozen yogurt and crepes and smoothie place with our family. We sat down and opened our sandwiches and were a little stunned by the thin slices of meat and alfalfa sprouts bursting from the sandwich. Few bites in I'm looking for that one bite to just be in delightful heavenly bliss. But no we never got that once. I break out the Tabasco packets in a hurry to see if it will save the sandwich. Sure enough bites forward it does not. What a waste of 10 dollars I could have made a real steak and some eggs for 10 dollars and been more than happy with the results. Once again another failure in my eyes I will not enter to go for seconds or dare trying others. That was a total crash and burn.
2	Overpriced small sized sandwiches! Can't believe what all the hype is about this place. Not impressed.
4	I came back for seconds since I was staying at MGM! Their steak and eggs warm sandwich was good, but their tomato soup with parmesan was great! The sandwich was nice and warm and made on the spot! The soup stayed hot so be careful. You can also order half soup and half sandwich, so I had to try their grilled cheese with the tomato soup which was AWESOME!! Affordable and located inside MGM Grand.
4	Went here with some friends for a late breakfast after a night out at the recommendation of a friend.I was happy to see that this was an affordable option in the otherwise inflated price bubble that is Vegas--and it is managed by a renowned chef to boot.For my sandwich, I decided to go with the roasted turkey sandwich and substituted roasted red peppers for the bacon.The sandwich itself was decently sized and was delicious. It was amazing that it barely cost over $10 since you can often get more expensive items from other hotels that taste like microwaved meat patties.This place is definitely a somewhat hidden secret for a quick breakfast or lunch and is definitely worth checking out if you're in the mood for a quality bite without breaking the bank.
2	I split the roasted turkey with a friend one morning after a long night of drinking. It was a little sandwich for $10... Yeah it's Vegas but no, I'm not down. It was okay. I only came here because I was staying at the Signature.
