5	Great bar! 36 drafts with a great beer selection. Had the BBQ belly burger and fries which were awesome!  Staff is totally on the ball too! They talk to my group of four and refer to our names throughout our visit! Great addition to the southside!!'n
5	I liked this place a lot , I thought this was a cool place on the inside . The staff was defiantly on top of their game , I tipped extra just for that reason, well on to the food part I got the fish and chips which I might add that I live in Kansas City so I don't know "how real fish and chips should be"so on that note I thought they were good a little too much breading on it but still it was good. The beers were awesome on tap got a couple of of seasonal brews that were really good I would go back for sure but I live in KC so the chances of me coming back are probably slim to none.
3	Right next door to my new favorite salon is The Urban Tap, a cute little place with shiny new TVs and a chalkboard menu of microbrews. I was impressed with the menu, which offered more vegetarian options than I'm used to. I ordered a fried tofu sandwich, which was good. I don't normally pay attention to timing, but it was pretty  slow (10-15 minutes.) My date noted that a sandwich was sitting on the kitchen counter for at least five minutes before someone grabbed it. A sizeable group of young boys were near our table--they seemed out of place in a sports bar, but I guess it's good to know that the place is kid-friendly. Overall, still some kinks to work out, but a decent little place for a quick bite and beer.
2	I really liked the rustic interior and look of the place. Their beer selection is really great, with a decent number of seasonals included. I also love smaller menus because it normally tells you that they do those few things really well... Normally.I ordered the wings in parmesan garlic. Firstly, the menu said that they were smoked and THEN fried, but when I ordered, the waitress asked if I wanted them smoked OR fried. I though "Eh, oh well, fried food is the last thing I need," so I ordered them smoked to try something new and different. For $8.50 I got 6 whole wings (the drumstick and wing still attached), and 2 pieces each of carrot and celery. Unfortunately, the garlic parm sauce was completely flavorless somehow-- and the smoked wings just tasted more like... bitter & charred. The wings weren't terribly meaty and just ended up tasting fatty and like processed smoke flavoring rather than real barbeque-y smokiness.My friend got the BBQ belly hamburger which looked really good. It came with fries that our waitress really talked up, saying they were so good because they're never frozen. They were seasoned well, but other than that, they were just a mushy, texture-less pile of potatoes that were also really REALLY greasy. None of that great crispy exterior and fluffy interior I look for in a french fry.I also didn't like that the kitchen is in full, plain view from the dining room. I mean, it looked clean but...something about that doesn't sit right with me.For 2 craft beers and a plate of wings, I plunked down $24 including tip. I've had better wings at Hooters. The service was good, our waitress was really nice and the food and beer came quickly, but the food was well below what I expected for the atmosphere and the price. There are other, better options for upscale bar food with a twist and a good beer selection close by.
4	Went to the Urban Tap for the first time on a Thursday night. Very friendly bartender gave us a draft menu with a decent number of selections.  Slightly overpriced, but I don't expect cheap craft beer in the South Side. I wasn't feeling that hungry so after boy ordered his lamb burger, I chose two appetizers, the curry mussels and the pork nachos. I figured that if I didn't like/couldn't finish one of them, either my companion could, or I could take home leftovers. I was not expecting the size of the nachos. Really delicious! Topped with pork, cheese sauce, and ripe tomatoes and chilies, this appetizer was a big win.  I also enjoyed the mussels.  Cooked perfectly in a panang curry sauce, it had the right combination of spice and flavor.  The mussels were served with a large hunk of fresh baked bread (which I barely touched).  For a hungry person, I'm sure it could have served as a means to sop up the leftover sauce. Overall, a good experience! I will avoid on the weekend evenings, however.  The Urban Tap seems to be a stop for drunk hipsters on Carson...
4	Overall I was please. We ordered the Gouda Mac and cheese which was amazing. Definitely a must have started on the menu. For our meal we got the cod fish sandwich and the urban tap burger with pork belly on it. The fish sandwich was very large and the slaw that accompanied it was a delicious change of pace. The burger was good, but just average, the best part was the pork belly which was cooked perfectly. I'll have to try the pork belly sandwich next time. The fries that accompanied the sandwiches were very greasy and a little bit of a Burgatory rip off. I'll definitely come back.
4	My friend suggested trying Urban Tap for happy hour last week, and I really enjoyed my experience there! The interior was very well done. Our waitress came and checked on us many times. My friend and I both drank wine and shared the Short Rib Nachos. They were absolutely delicious - very well seasoned, great flavor, and perfect ratio of toppings to chips. Even though Urban Tap is in a part of South Side that I rarely frequent, I would definitely be up for trying it again.
4	I went to this bar for the first time to watch football on Saturday. It is pretty awesome.  An open space with a lot of large tv's. I didnt order food but our waiter was super friendly. Cant wait to go back.
5	The happy hour deal is great. Half priced apps. I think we ordered four apps to make a meal for the two of us but portion sizes are so large you might want to order only three. Very modern, up market, but decent prices, large food portions, and (like most of Pittsburgh) a long and impressive craft beer list. Services is friendly and prompt.A real find on the south side.
5	Just went to Urban Tap for the first time today. Loved it! Our bartender  was fantastic, she made us hot cider drinks. Yum! They were perfect for such a cold winter day. I liked the decor, and they had a beer selection unparalleled in the burgh. I love craft beer, so it was right up my alley. We had brunch and the food was great. I can't wait to come back for Happy Hour!
5	Dear Urban Tap,I love you.Hugs and kisses,Alex
4	I stopped by here last week with my fiance and another couple for dinner.  We arrived shortly before 6 to a pretty dead restaurant.  The wasn't much decor so to speak of from here by that was not a bad thing as the place seemed clean, modern and had a number of TV's around.  There was also a bar on one side of the restaurant which had a list of their draft beers above it as well as their ABV's. Shortly after we were seated the waitress came over and gave us a beer list and informed us that happy hour was until 6, so if we wanted to get in some small plates for half price that we should do it then.  We obliged and ended up ordering the wild mushroom poutine and the mac and cheese with pork belly even before the other couple got there.  After ordering the food I finally started looking harder at the beer list.  They had a decent number of drafts (25 or so?) as well as a number of seasonal drafts (5) which was impressive to me.  This list much like the sign above the bar had the ABV of the beer but not the price.  As someone who likes to try new beers this is frustrating to me as I don't want to accidentally order that $10 or $15 beer only to hate it.  In any case it didn't really affect my visit other than to have me order a beer from a brewery that I knew was not that expensive.  Within a reasonable amount of time, our food was delivered.  I wouldn't really have called the fries that we got poutine as they didn't have the gravy on top of them which is a quintessential poutine ingredient but they still tasted very good.  The fries were crispy, the mushrooms tasty with the gorgonzola pairing perfectly against the earthiness of them and my favorite part of all was the truffle oil.  The mac and cheese was also good with the pork belly being fried to give it a nice crispiness in addition to its good, natural flavor while the mac and cheese was loaded with great tasting gooey cheese.  Finally whenever we had finished up our appetizers the waitress came around to see if we were ready to order our entrees and we were.  Since the portion sizes of the appetizers were quite large and I had eaten a lot of each, I ended up going with another appetizer for my entree and ordered the Saahside Chicken Dip.  It is essentially a buffalo chicken dip with blue cheese in it and it came with fried naan to use with the dip.  The buffalo dip was good but not spectacular and I loved the fried naan chips which made this dish a little different than many others that I have tried.The bottom line for me is that I would head back here again in the future.  All of the food that I had was good, especially the truffle fries, and were nice sized portions as well.  I was also impressed with their large draft list but wish I knew what I paying for one before the bill came.
4	Urban tap is the equivalent to locals but I think urban tap is my new favorite. The Gouda mac and cheese is the best thing ever. It's a good idea to split it with someone because it's a pretty decent portion and super filling. Great to splash down with there always changing beer selections. The waitress was so sweet and let us try lots of different beers. It was pretty crowded and she still always popped by to see if we needed anything. The high top seating is kind of low and makes you feel short but the seats are super comfortable. If you are looking for something new to try in southside urban tap will not disappoint you.
3	Urban Tap is a solid 3 stars and a good addition to the South Side that I think will stick around for a long time.Pros: Awesome lamb burgerKitchen open late Generous Draft Selection (including local breweries)Well-designed space Great people-watching Friendly serviceCons: No prices on Draft list Waitresses could know more about beer LoudThe Urban Tap just opened a few months ago, and it has already made it into our list of places to go. Good food, good beer, good service, and good atmosphere is a tough combination to come by. This place also seems to toe the line well between restaurant and sports bar. The kitchen is open late, so we often end up here for a late dinner on weekday evenings. Overall, I'm pleasantly surprised by the food at Urban Tap. It's not fine-dining, but it's many steps above average bar food. I like the topping combinations including tzatziki sauce on the lamb burger, and avocado with pineapple relish on the chicken sandwich. The salads are stuffed with interesting greens and generous toppings. The chevre-spinach salad with candied pecans and pancetta is a winner. They have generous portions which make the prices reasonable, though I haven't tried the more expensive entrees. As with most South Side establishments, beware on Friday and Saturday nights. It will inevitably be a loud crazy bar with crappy service.
1	Personally know 6 people who have gotten sick from the burgers and/or chicken served at Urban Tap. Ate there last night with friends, and the two girls who ordered burgers have been vomiting non-stop, all morning.
5	Great selection of beer and ciders on tap and vegan menu options!
3	...a new addition to the Souse Side and a good one. Lots of stuff on tap, but there does seem to be a problem among these new places that seems bizarre. Why can't you list the prices? I feel uncomfortable asking as you'll always get a look from the publican like you're a cheap skate. Both Bocktown Beer and Grill do this and it bugs the hell out of me. You make a selection based on a lot of factors and price is one of them...this place would have gotten four stars otherwise...
4	Went to Urban during the week. It was half off bottles of wine. Perfect for a girls night out. The place was crowded but not overly. love the big flat screens everywhere would be great place to watch a game at. I like that Urban can be restaurant or a chill place to drink.  The waitress was very helpful on picking a draft from their menu. She even brought samples of some over to the table to try. Ended up with banana nut bread beer, it was amazing not too sweet but tasted like the name. Food- we had a cheese board  appetizer to go with our half off bottles of wine. So good. The different cheeses, crusty bread and  candied nuts were delicious. Main dish we all got a vegetarian pasta plate. The noodles are a homemade noodle bought down the strip. Seemed to be the only thing good about that plate. The taste was way too salty, would try something else next time. Next time I go prob going to try different   appetizers and drinks
3	Such mixed feelings!!!!!      If I am simply reviewing the food that I've had thus far, I'm giving it a solid 4 stars, maybe even 4 and a half. They present a creative menu, definitely far and above normal bar food, and most importantly, they execute it well. Kudos all around for that.     I'm okay with the space, though I think it does seem a bit confused. What is it? A gastropub? A great foodie destination? A frat boy sports bar? Who knows...     This "identity problem" seems to carry over to service, unfortunately. I've experienced the perfect balance of friendly, knowledgeable and professional along with the dismal bar server who looked hungover, acted hungover AND chatted about her hangover with unengaged employees, hanging around the bar, lounging on a banquette, oblivious to the presence of customers. Coupled with a group of old-enough-to-know-better guys at the bar who acted like they just discovered the F-word (and couldn't say it often or loud enough...) definitely detracted from what would have been a perfect brunch.     For this reviewer, it seems easy enough to back up this great food with great service, but thus far it just isn't happening. Management needs to be as involved with service as they are with culinary creativity & excellence. Casual doesn't equal lazy.
4	Great selection of Draft beers. Worth the trip for the duck confit poutine. Atmosphere is also very enjoyable.  Staff could be a little better.
4	Very nice atmosphere to the place.  A lot of attractive servers. For some reason I'm really attractive to the font they use for their logo as well. Went last Saturday Brunch for bottomless mimosas. This particular morning was pretty mellow, . Too hungover to order any real food, although their menu was pretty impressive. I ended up getting up just getting the yogurt and fruit. The berries were very fresh but I suggested they should mix it with a vanilla yogurt over plain. I got bored with it and gave it to my friend. I enjoyed the set up of the place, the overall ambiance, but if you notice there are several random chairs that don't match the rest. Anyways, I would come back, maybe check out the food. Very chill environment. They had a ton of drafts too which was cool. And a secret plus is there were outlets basically every third seat at the bar. The only real disappointment of the place was the one cocktail I ordered: The Frequent Flyer. With Gin, Berenjager, orange, cherries, pineapple juice, and club soda, it seemed like my dream drink but the cherries were so overwhelming all I could compare it to is cough syrup. However, the place is fairly new so I'm sure they'll work all the kinks out.Overall, cool place, I'd stop by again, maybe lunch next time.
2	A gigantic sports bar masquerading as an intimate gastropub. And let's be clear - there is nothing wrong with a sports bar, and there are plenty of good (and bad ones) in Pittsburgh.However, when you're presenting yourself as a gastropub and charging those prices for food & drink, you don't also get to have gigantic TVs covering every square inch of the place, and garish faux/steel girders and rivets everywhere. Choice of beer is good but unsurprising for Pittsburgh. A lot of the same breweries that everyone has (Souther Tier, Fat Heads, etc). Bartender was not very knowledgable about beer choices but I will say that all the staff was extremely nice and helpful - they keep the place from just getting one star. I had their mac & cheese as an appetizer and it was fine. Nothing amazing.If I want to go out for a drink, I like to be able to converse with friends without distraction, and the abundance of TVs and loud, garish decor (and customers) everywhere in Pittsburgh is exhausting. Why aim (and charge) for a higher standard when at heart it's just the same old South Side nonsense? Very disappointed.
4	I went here with a group of friends on my Birthday. Overall it was a great experience. The food was good and there were big portions. I had the tofu sandwich, which came with about 2 pounds of fries. The beer/drink prices were reasonable (3-5 dollars), and the waiter automatically split checks for us,which was nice. The only problem I had was the wait. There were several open tables and we still waited for over an hour. Also, some of them had "reserved" on them, but when I had called to make reservations, they said that they do not take reservations on Saturdays...
5	Awesome Food! Went there randomly for lunch.   I had a turkey burger which was cooked perfectly with a garlic aioli bibb lettuce tomato and I added some cheese. Bun was perfect on it.  I could order a side salad instead of fries with no extra charge.  It's was mixed greens and a great vinaigrette with tomato shredded carrots and radish.  My friend had a medium rare burger which was perfectly cooked with fries which were just the right amount of crispy and great herb seasoning.  I couldn't help but steal them off his plate!  Didn't even need to dip them in a sauce.  And the soup was perfect.  It was a cream based soup with I think ham potato mushrooms and seasoned perfectly.    Great quality food and whomever creates the menu obviously had a great eye for quality and puts a creative twist on every ingredient that goes into their food. Great atmosphere and creative lay out and they have a good eye for the details.   Service was good and our waitress was sweet.  Thanks for the great addition to south side!
4	I was pleasantly surprised. Not only did I hate the fact that I couldn't have a beer here mid day (busy day is cause for a clear head!).., I did NOT want a salad. But it's diet time, so I did right and ordered the Chevre Spinach Salad.It was excellent! Loved every single ingredient (warm chevre, spinach, candied pecans, shaved carrots, roasted beet, crisp pancetta and lemon vinegarette). Plus, with a $10.50 price tag, it didn't break the bank and it was a good size. I choose not to add chicken or salmon, but like that there's the option.Service was quick and friendly! I really think if you're got a stellar salad, it can only go up from there! Excited to work my way through the tasty looking beer and food menu soon, once I can cheat:)
2	Cool ambience. Drinks were good. Service was SO awful. Very unorganized and hectic. It took over an hour for our food to come out and it was cold. Super loud which is fine for a club/bar but don't expect to be able to sit and have a convo while you eat. If you have a group that needs separate checks...good luck. I've worked in a restaurant for over 10 years and I'm patient when we go out on a busy Saturday or Friday night but they need to get it together or it will be another failed bar in the south side. Totally a waste of a Saturday night.
4	We were in need of lunch and happened to pass by this place while exoloring South Side for the first time. The menu and the ratings looked great so we decided to give it a try. We were seated right away and greeted by a friendly waitress. They have a huge selection of beers on tap, even one of my favorites: fin du monde, but since we had a cocktail with brunch and we were planning on having cocktails later we passed on the beer.I chose the fried tofu sandwich and much to my satisfaction it wasn't deep fried; it was quite good and served on fresh wheat bread, with a tasty sauce.If I lived in the area I think I'd become a regular at this place!
1	Hard to run what could be a great bar when you have thugs talking to girls like trash calling them "bitches" and supposed managers and bouncers encouraging and reinforcing such crude behavior. Sad a group of 12 attorneys were treated so badly by such ignorance.  Good luck. Down the tubes you shall go.
5	This place is a great addition to the south side. I wish it was just a little less expensive, but with the quality of food they hand out I can't complain really. I've had the Gouda Mac and cheese and the pork belly burger. Both were amazing and flavorful! We must've gone during happy hour since our drinks were only $4. I will certainly be back.
3	The reason I only rated it 3 stars was because I only went for drinks. I'm sure the food is just like run of the mill pub style food but I'm not sure. The atmosphere is very welcoming and warm and the servers are polite and responsive. Over all very nice restaurant for a date or a business meeting.
4	Near my hotel near 10th and Carson, I ducked in to avoid the sudden cold.  I really enjoyed my wantons and mussels.  I chose the curry flavor which had a nice medium spice level and good flavor.  Good beer selection of local and craft beers.  The best aspect of my experience was my waitress.  She gave me a great beer recommendation, Great Lakes Conway Irish ale, was very attentive and brought my food out as soon as it came up (I could see the kitchen from my seat).  If you can get her you are in luck.  Not all wait staff seemed to have the same level of attentiveness as they hung out at the hostess table for large parts of the night.
4	Urban Tap definitely exceeded my expectations. I came here with a group of people for St. Patty's, and for as insane as it was outside, Urban Tap was really cool on the inside. The staff was extremely friendly, and the crowd that this place pulls in seems to be in their mid to late 20s. It's not your typical dive bar on the Southside. The setup of the place was neat and it was really clean, pretty edgy. There's several TVs, and it's a spacious place. Someone in our group pointed out that their draft list on the wall included Beer Advocate ratings, and I thought that was pretty cool. They also have a lot to choose from. I didn't get to chance to try any food, but the people in my group who did seem to like it. The prices are pretty comparable compared to the nicer places on the Southside. I will definitely return and I would recommend this place.
4	I had a great time at Urban Tap over St Patty's Day weekend.  The crowd was crazy, of course, but it was a controlled crazy.  They have an impressive draft list.  Stone, Green Flash, Wells, Rogue, you name it.  They also had great local and regional options with several from Fat Heads, Troegs, Victory, Great Lakes.  It would be pretty disappointing if a place called Urban Tap didn't.  The draft list on the wall included the ABVs and also the Beer Advocate rating.  I thought that was really cool, I've never seen that before.  The prices weren't listed on the wall or on the draft list, however.  That's really my only complaint from this place.  I ordered wings and they weren't bad.  Pretty typical bar wings.  The kitchen is open late, definitely a plus.Even with the crowd, we had no problems with service.  Our waitress checked in often and brought our drinks quickly.  I was very pleased with the service given the uh ... quantity and variety of drinks ordered by my table.  I enjoyed the welcoming atmosphere.  This is a place I can go to on a Friday night and not worry about going to any other spots.  A great place for drinks that I will be coming back to.
4	Excellent beer selection. I was impressed to see Wolaver's Coffee Porter on tap. I had the smoked gouda mac and cheese with chicken. It was heaven. Great place to watch a game, eat, and have a few beers.
3	I'm torn here.  Their tap selections are solid and I had their burger at last year's Pittsburgher Competition and loved it.  This review is for their bar, not food, though.I asked if the beer I wanted (8.2% ABV) came in a pint or chalice.  I was purely curious about that because I've seen different places have different benchmarks for a "big beer."  Our bartender must have overheard me saying to my boyfriend that I always feel like I'm not getting my money's worth with a chalice because visually it's just smaller.  She started talking about how she purchased a beer at another restaurant and it was more expensive than what Urban Tap would have priced it at and how it was a rip-off (she was talking about the same restaurant I work for, actually).  This is a case of "Don't run your mouth if you don't know who you're talking to."She did offer samples of the beers I was torn between and she was assisting the couple next to us with suggestions.  So I'm trying to stay impartial in regards to her comments, though if you're reviewing the experience, that was part of the experience and it wasn't cool.The other bartender seemed chill and like he had a good rapport with the customers.  The price here was on the high end of average for Pittsburgh: $6 for a beer (good Lord, when did $6 for beer become acceptable) so I don't know where she had room to act like they have the best prices around.  I'd love to come back and try the food - perhaps it'll be worth another star.
2	We got the pork nachos ($12.5) and a burger ($10.5)- nachos were fine. The ingredients were fresh but the cheese sauce tasted more like flour than cheese. The burger was fine (way overcooked) but not memorable.I was impressed with their seasonal beer selection! It's rare I get to have an Avery seasonal. Yay! However, they need to mention when a beer isn't a 16 ounce pour. I totally get a 9 % ABV may be a smaller pour, but just give a girl a head's up.All in all, probably won't be back with all the other delicious options on Carson.
3	Very good ambience, and a perfect place to drink. But don't go here for food, it was below average. We ordered pasta with chicken and the chicken sandwich. Both had too much garlic.
5	Came for brunch and fell even more in love. Bottomless mimosas and awesome food selections. Sweet and savory selections for all your breakfast cravings. Great atmosphere and will now be my brunch go to. Makes for a fun southside adventure during the day.
3	We went for  brunch on a busy Sunday afternoon. We knew they did not take reservations but were told we could do call ahead seating.  Apparently they were too busy for this as a party of 20 called right before us.  To my surprise we were seated right away.  If you like Blood Mary's I recommend trying their Bloody Mary bar-lots of great add ins. They also have unlimited mimosas for $14.  I went with the waffle slider which was a sunny side up egg, sausage, gyre cheese and arugula in between 2 waffles.  I asked for a fried egg which they did not do, the sausage was McDonalds quality at best and the waffles were saggy. It was served with a side of potatoes which were delicious.  My other big complaint is that a friend ordered an omelet and wanted egg whites which they would not accommodate saying that they were too busy.  Our orders took a while to be served but they were so busy for a Sunday. I say skip the brunch and go for drinks. I would like to go back and try happy hour.
4	A few friends and I ventured out for our first visit to the Urban Tap this past Wednesday. I was pleasantly surprised to be in time for Happy Hour (4.30 -6.30 pm). Before arriving I tried to find details about their happy hour online but failed - it's a definite must for any bar's website. The deal was the standard half off appetizers (excluding the chacuterie and cheese board) and $1 off drafts. Disappointingly there was no cocktail special. We order a range of appetizers - impressively they were all quite substantial in size! I chose the fried bacon parmesan sprouts and pulled pork sliders. Both were very tasty and came out in a timely fashion. A bowl of the Smoked Gouda Mac was ordered and did not disappoint.  Creamy deliciousness! The sliders were my favorite dish of the night.The atmosphere and seating were great. There were a variety of seating options (e.g. high-top, bar, or standard tables) and also tables to suit both small and large groups, which is something that I've noticed lacking from many bars in Pittsburgh.  Our waitress was very helpful but it would have been nice if she knew a little more information about the beer selection since it is a Gastro Pub after all. One notable irritation was the complete lack of prices on the draft and cocktail list. I am not quite sure  about the reason behind this, especially as the waitress could only give the general prices ranges when questioned.All in all I was very pleased with Urban Tap and it's definitely a great addition to the South Side bar scene. I'll definitely be coming back to try out the rest of their menu.
1	I really wanted to like this place because it looks great and they had awesome beer selections, but the service was so strange that the experience was almost surreal.  We walked in with 7 people and asked for a table.  The host said there would be a wait, which was totally fine considering our party size, but refused to give us any kind of estimate of how long the wait would be, other than "it could be a while.  Anywhere  from 15 minutes to an hour.  I just don't know."  After trying a few times to figure out what "a while" meant, we decided to get beers at the bar while we waited.  About 15-20 minutes later, we were finishing our beers and discussing how strange it was that the host refused to give us any kind of wait estimate, when he walked up behind us and said "you know I can hear you talking about me, right?"We chatted about how it would be nice to get an approximate time, even if it was an overestimate, and he agreed at first, but said he didn't want to give us too much of a wait because he didn't want us to leave.  I told him that it wasn't his decision whether we stayed or left, and that we just wanted an honest estimate.  The host then started to complain to us about two girls sitting at a large booth who had apparently been there for a few hours, and had paid 45 minutes before, but hadn't left yet.He then told us that a table should be ready when "those two guys finally leave" pointing and at a table of guys within ear shot. We decided not to take the table and leave, at which point he offered us 3 other occupied tables to try and keep us there.  I've never experienced such an unprofessional host.Also, I find it really strange that there are no beer prices on the wall or on the paper menu.  Like most customers, I'd like to know about how long the wait is and how much I'm going to pay.
4	Meat and cheese board is good and Brussels sprouts were to die for! Decent beer and cocktail list and our server was very nice. Atmosphere is very loud and young but nice and comfortable
2	The atmosphere was inviting and the waitress pleasant. The Mac and Cheese was tasty. The burger was one of the worst I've ever had.
3	I've been to Urban Tap a couple of times and generally think it's a pretty good bar.  Haven't had the food, but the crowd, the beer selection, and the space all contribute to  making a visit a pretty good experience.However, I will say that I won't be going back.  The place isn't so great that it's worth putting up with its miserable bartender.  One of the girl bartenders last night carded all of my friends (all 25+) which is no big deal, it's in the southside and I could see carding us, but she was waiting for us to get out our ID's and said, loud enough for everybody within 20 feet to hear it, "your friends are really annoying me".  Really? That's how you act in the service industry, like a petulant child?  We were all (10 of us, so a couple of hundred dollars of revenue in 2 hours) very put off. There is not a single job where acting like that is okay. If she was my employee, she'd be gone.
5	I get fish and chips almost exclusively whenever I go out. This place is by far the best I've had. They add a grilled bun to the mix, making a battered fish and slaw sandwich. HOLY FISH TETS. Just get it. And the peanut butter chocolate stout is as awesome as the upbeat waitstaff.
2	Let me start by saying that I am not a 20 something barfly who frequents the Southside to pound shots and beer until I can stand up. I'm a normal 50 something working person who enjoys well prepared food and excellent service.  I work on the Soithside and have been to this place many times for lunch. There is nothing wrong with the food at Urban Tap.  It's not the best food I've had, it's certainly not the worst.  The duck poutine is actually quite delicious, although I wouldn't eat it every day.  The burgers are fine and the salads are fine.  My problem with the Urban Tap is what seems to be a complete lack of regard for customer service.  The lunch service is adequate, unless it's busy.  But something happened tonight that really turned me off.  I met my husband there for a pre-concert bite to eat and he arrived before I did.  He was seated at a table right in front of the open kitchen and when I got there, he told me about a 20 minute conversation he'd heard booming out of the kitchen about blowjobs.  Seriously.  The cooks and the waitstaff were taking at the top of their voices about the finer points of administering oral sex to men.  At full volume.  Shortly after I got there, I saw a large, filthy, sweaty guy in a brown chef jacket saunter behind the bar and start pouring himself soda after soda.  We were there for about an hour and he was behind the bar for the last 15 minutes of our visit.   I can only assume it was the cook.  And other staff were wandering in and out from behind the bar taking to him.  His assistant also came out and hung out behind the bar.  This is just bad form.  I saw nobody that resembled a manager doing anything to supervise.  As close and convenient as this place is to my office, I can't imagine going back.  Yikes!
4	The Urban Tap is a great bar & grille. They emphasized the local brews and had a lot to choose from. I ate dinner here and was impressed---the food is much nicer than typical pub fare.
4	The waiter service is great, the environment is great, and the bottomless memosas are awesome.
5	I've been in Pittsburgh for a month on business staying the south side. This is by far the best bat I've been to. Awesome beer (58 craft brewd on tap) awesome food and very friendly/ attentive bar tenders. A great place that I recommend for happy hour drinks as well as dinner and late night.
3	My review is on brunch. The service was great, the food was just OK. Me and my friend ordered the Benedict Two-Way and both of our poached eggs were hard boiled (the runny yolk is the best part!). My other friend ordered the brunch burger (medium rare) and it was RARE. I mean like the meat wasn't even staying together. The waitress was very nice and agreed  that it was too rare and brought her a new plate along with taking her meal off the check. I've been here for happy hour before and enjoyed the food, but it just seems like the brunch cooking staff might not be as experienced.
2	Cool ambience. Drinks were good. Service was SO awful. Very unorganized and hectic. It took over an hour for our food to come out and it was cold. Super loud which is fine for a club/bar but don't expect to be able to sit and have a convo while you eat. If you have a group that needs separate checks...good luck. I've worked in a restaurant for over 10 years and I'm patient when we go out on a busy Saturday or Friday night but they need to get it together or it will be another failed bar in the south side. Totally a waste of a Saturday night.
5	Great beer selection & sassy bartenders. What more could you ask for?! We did not order food, but enjoyed talking with the bartender about the area & the local craft beers. Very knowledgeable.
2	I dined here about a week or two after they opened so it does sound like it has improved somewhat since I have been there. I have been wanting to go back so I'd have a more positive review but time has not lent itself to that. Our server was nice enough but it took her 10 minutes to even come over to greet us and it was pretty clear that she had no idea what was going on. Frankly it seemed like no one knew what was going on-there was a 1:00 steeler's game that was going to be on and at 1:30pm they STILL had on ESPN 30 for 30 or some other program-whatever it was,it was not the football game. And the volume was incredibly loud! deafening is a good word to describe how loud it was. Enough people in the place caught on that we were obviously going to have to ask for the game...and then it took them another 20 minutes to figure out how to work the tvs. So I will say they had a nice draft selection. And the open air atmosphere near the window was nice that day. Our food....it could have been good with a few tweaks. I ordered the smoked gouda mac (no meat). 1. the server asked if I wanted chicken or chorizo-never stating it was an upcharge but asking like I had a choice to make that was included. I didn't want meat in it so really this wasn't an issue for me but I could see how someone else may be upset about the $3 upcharge without being informed about it first even though it's right on the menu). 2. The mac was rather cold. If it was heated it would have been really good but I never had the opportunity to ask for it to be reheated since I didn't see our server or any other server for the next 20 minutes. My boyfriend ordered the benedict 2 ways and he said it "was ok". Coming from him that means it wasn't very good. Also, they had bottomless mimosas for $8 which tasted like the alcohol was entirely left out. The server was ill informed as to when the mimosas stopped. Also, she kept me mimosas! At one point I LITERALLY had 4 mimosas in front of me and since I'm not a big fan of them to begin with, only 1 was partially finished. And then guess what happened? She brought over another! So now I had 5 mimosas in front of me.....and no room on the table at all for my boyfriend's beers! According to the server, they "were trying to get rid of them." Exactly what you should tell a customer, however, being that they were clearly basically alcohol free, no wonder they were stuck with a lot leftover. Hopefully I'll get a better experience the next time I visit although,after this very odd and disappointing experience,I'm not sure when i'll make a return visit.
4	My wife and I recently had a very enjoyable mid-week lunch at the Urban Tavern.  It has a neat atmosphere when all of its front windows are open to the street on a summer's day.  We each had a beer and a sandwich (which comes with a nice variety of sides to choose from).  Both the prices and the portions were very good.  Our server did a nice job when he was waiting on us, but seemed to disappear for extended periods of time.  This didn't bother us (as we were on vacation and taking our time), but if we were in a rush, it could have been frustrating.
3	In a sea of bars and restaurant in Pittsburgh it's hard to stand out and I think Urban Tap has done that. They have an impressive draft list, a decent Whiskey list, and good foods to back it all up. The "Bro Bros" and I went here for a Beer to catch up and we had a pretty good time. I got the "Chevre and Jam" burger which was really good. I mean how can you go wrong with Jam and Goat cheese. The burger was very meat ballish. I don't know how they cooked the burger all the way through when it was practically a ball but they did. I'm not the biggest fan of ball like burgers but it was good so no complaints I guess. The only bone I have to pick with Urban Tap is with their Whiskey. Their more modestly price Whisky's were around 6-7 bucks. Above the section it said "neat" and then in Parenthesis it said "( there is a $2 up charge for on the rocks)" So I thought fine, Neat is 7 on the rocks is 9. Fair enough. Not so according to the waitress. All their Whiskey's apparently are served as shots. So the price you see is the shot price. There is an up charge for both the Neat and On the Rocks pours. After being told that "she didn't write the menu" she removed the 6 dollars of up charges that she had once added. I don't think it helped that we had been drinking or that we pointed out that they spelled "Bulleit" bourbon wrong on the menu. The Whisky has an "i" where the thing that is fired out of a gun does not.  What fine dining and gastropub sells all their Whiskey as Shots. Who is ordering shots of fine Whiskey? I have a feeling there is a misunderstanding as to how the pours and charges are suppose to go, but you might want to ask before ordering some. Either that or they want the perception of affordable Whiskey by only displaying the shot price then up charging you when you order it any other way.
2	The food here was very mediocre. Now one caveat, we ate here the week it opened and haven't been back. Maybe it was just because they were opening. I had high expectations of this place because of the awesome atmosphere, but was very disappointed in the food.The only plus sides of this place is that the beer selection is great and the atmosphere is really cool and different than any other place I've been to.
4	Def worth the trip back!!  Had the egg and bacon burger.  Food and atmosphere was great!
5	Great bartenders. Fantastic burger cooked perfectly. Get the chicken dip it feeds an army. Owner on site. Great atmosphere will be a return customerAnd they have phone charger plug ins under the bar
4	Craft beer on tap! Food was surprisingly good.  The fries were amazing and the steak sandwich was really good.  My friend had the brisket which he enjoyed with a salad.  5 on 5 for food and drinks considering it is situated on the Southside strip were drunken college crowd dominates.  A young crowd but good place to stop in when it seems like all the other area restaurants are full or way to expensive.  Service was great as we had Amber working our table.  It is somewhat loud but you just need to yell your conversations.
1	Sucks.  Staff Is a bunch of assholes and the food sucks. They do have an amazing beer selection but that is it.
4	Great food, great bar service. Their happy hour half-price small plates are fantastic. I recommend the lamb sliders. The menu is thoughtful and well-prepared. They also have one of the best beer selections. Definitely recommend!
2	I really want to rate this one higher, but I just can't do it.  It's on the low end of a 2.5 for me.Why I want to rate it higher...  It's a great concept and a great space.  Large and open with a rustic industrial vibe.  The front wall of windows opens when the weather is nice and they have a great selection of beers and other drinks.  I was super excited about the Bloody Mary bar; which has potential, but wasn't executed right (see below).  The menu is inventive and the dishes look pretty; but again, are lacking in the execution department.       Why it's down to 2.5 in my book...  For starters, the service.  Yikes!   We reserved for a party of 15, which they accommodated by sticking some tables together and packing 16 chairs in - like sardines.  Good thing two people didn't show up, cause we were on top of each other.  We were also on top of one of the high top tables behind us.  And by on top of, I mean chairs touching, can't get out of your seat close.   This situation also blocked in a corner table, so the guy behind me kept having to get up to let them seat the table and let people out.  Then there were the Bloody Mary's.   It took 30 minutes (not even joking) to get the first round and by then, there was a run on the condiments bar.   The bar part took forever because nothing was labeled and there were no serving spoons other than skewers.  Not sure how you dish out celery salt, horseradish, and tobacco with a skewer.   There were apparently grilled cheese sandwiches on the bar too, but they were gone by the time I got through the line and they were never refilled at all while I was there.  Which was a long time. Table service continued to lag throughout the meal, so we were there over 2 hours for brunch when it was all said and done.   Finally, the food.  It looked great and I wanted to order everything on the menu.  My chicken and waffles though, was lacking.   The chicken was bland and dry.  The waffle was good, but I needed a little more syrup.   Overall, just lackluster.  I might give it another try non-brunch, but this wasn't a great first impression.
5	I come here for happy hour A LOT!  They have 1/2 price appetizers and discounts on drafts. There is a very decent selection of craft beers here and their food is so delicious!  I haven't had anything I wasn't delighted with.Pro tip: there is a parking lot right next door.
2	The food and service are ok.  When you walk in, you're greeted by two attractive, disinterested hostesses. The general feel is that no one cares you are a customer and the food is just ok.
4	I really enjoyed my time here. I'm not sure if it was because of the food, atmosphere or getting to hang out with Carrie W. :D The atmosphere itself was very nice, open and you felt comfortable. I love the open windows in the front to let everyone know down the block how much fun you're having, lol. I ordered a carafe (or two!) or Mimosa which was really tasty. As Carrie said, each carafe is $10 and you get a good 5 glasses from it. During brunch hours, you could also order by the glass at $2 so it evens out. For my meal, I decided on the shrimp and grits brunch. The plate had yummy shrimp, cheesy grits, pork belly crisp and a poached egg. I loved that the yolk of the egg seeped into the grits if that makes sense. They went well together. The shrimp was tasty as well as the pork belly. I've never had pork served like that but it was surprisingly good!Service was just fine and I'm excited to head back! Maybe for brunch, maybe for lunch or dinner!
4	I've been to The Urban Tap a half-dozen times or so now, and it's a pretty solid four stars for me. It's nothing phenomenal worth raving to everyone I meet about, but definitely somewhere that I would recommend going among the numerous South Side choices. The atmosphere is great, with fast and friendly service.They have a large number of nicely varied taps (a lot of places this time of year tend to have only beers whose names contain "Pumpkin" and/or "Stout", not so here), including a cider selection from Arsenal, which is always a nice refresher.I do feel that the menu could use a little expanding, though I say this partly because the food that they do have is delicious. My last meal there was the BBQ Belly burger, which was a great blend of flavors and cooked to perfection, all set atop an almost-croissant-like flaky bun.Definitely one of my favorite recent additions to the South Side, I'll be coming back for sure.
4	First of all let me say that the service has been awesome the last three times I have been here. Our server is always friendly and checking with our table frequently. I came here once for dinner, and twice for some apps and drinks with friends. Service was awesome each time. Last time we went, my boyfriend ordered southern tier's IPA, which is 7.3% alcohol. He received it in a 10 oz small glass and asked why it was in a smaller glass (we drink a lot of beer and know that it is usually served in a 16 oz pint glass). We were informed by our server that beers over 8% are served in a smaller glass. My boyfriend then showed her that it wasn't 8% ( in a nice way of course) . She then apologized for her misunderstanding and have him his next round for no charge. Just an example of their awesome service! The first time I went, I had a chicken sandwich and thought it was full of flavor! Last month, I ordered their Brussels sprouts appetizer.. Fried sprouts, bacon, Parmesan cheese and balsamic reduction... Mhm! I loved it! Two nights ago I had their sliders- three mini burgers topped with tomatoes, red onion, lettuce and garlic aioli. They were served medium well, weren't as juicy as I like, and the garlic aioli wasn't as tasty as I had hoped , but they were really good. Now for the best part- their beers! Each time I went they had awesome beers on tap. Currently. They have Elysian brewing punkuccino pumpkin coffee ale ... Pumpkin and coffee in a beer ?! So good!!! It was served with a brown sugar rim which complimented the beer so well! It was smooth, tasty and easy to drink! Everything I want in a beer! Awesome place! Good food, Great beer, Great service, and perfect location!
4	Awesome brunch! They were out of three items on the menu, all of which people in our group were going to order. However, no one was disappointed with their second choice.
5	Came here for my birthday celebrations! Glad we had a reservation, it was busy! What a beautiful place, exposed brick, wood, great overall decor. Big beer selection and great mixed drink list. I enjoyed a Moscow mule, had to essentially give a security deposit on the cooper cup which was fun. I got a house salad and the side of butternut squash risotto. Soo good! The risotto could have been hotter but the flavors where great. And a good mixed greens salad. A great place for friends either for dinner or just drinks for a fun night out where you can still talk to friends. Our waitress was also great fun and conversational but not awkward or annoying.
5	I came here for a brunch menu item, not realizing brunch was only on the weekends. So I asked the waitress to to pick for me. She chose the brisket burger. And it's literally the best burger I've ever eaten. I travel a lot for work, and have had a lot of burgers, and this was the best! Bun was perfect texture, the taste was insanely good! If you like burgers, you have to have the brisquette!  I waited a little longer than I would have expect for the traffic, but it was completely worth it. Service is great too!
4	Good food, cool atmosphere. Serivice was very good. Boyfriend and I shared the bacon and parm sprouts, so delicious! We also had burgers, also really good, tasted like *good burger meat. My pulled pork and slaw could have had some more flavor but over all still good. We will definitely be back.
2	If you want to be ignored, listen to your bartenders complain about their lives, enjoy a marginal selection of draft beers, and have that true crap Southside experience, this is the place to be.
5	The food will never disappoint!! One of my favorites!!! Great beers on tap always and excellent service! Kyle is the best!!! Oh ps; best buff chicken dip in Pittsburgh mmmm!!!
3	New spots on East Carson always seem to be a shot in the dark. They range from spectacular to meh. I was pleasantly surprised by The Urban Tap. The pub offers a wide range of foods and different cocktails, and I felt feeling a lot better about the spot than I had coming in. The Urban Tap has a massive draft list that is constantly changing. The draft list is so large, I didn't bother to find a bottle list (I'm not sure if there is one). In addition to draft beer, the bar also offers draft wine, which I've never seen before. I took a quick glance at the cocktail menu and that looked tasty too! My table started out with an order of Mac & Cheese to share. The plate was above average, with a light but satisfying smoked gouda sauce. It wasn't so rich that I was sick after a few bites, but a couple of forkfuls to share left me wanting more!I ordered the Chicken Sandwich to start, the baguette is loaded with grilled chicken, avocado, siracha aioli, and red pepper and pineapple salsa. The sandwich was good, but not overly flavorful. For all the unique ingredients, I was surprised how blah it was. Everyone else at my table enjoyed their meal more. One of our party ordered the sliders, and I saw a bunch of those going out. I think next time, I'd stay safe with a burger, or try one of the salads--those look pretty tasty. Like I said, I was pleasantly surprised with the whole place. There is a ton of space, with a bunch of mixed table sizes for varying groups. On a Sunday evening, it wasn't too loud, but I wouldn't want to be there on a Friday/Saturday night. That being said, I think I'd give it another try for lunch or a weekend brunch.
5	Kyle C is the best server in the city. Exceptional service, friendly, knowledgable and willing to go above and beyond for his customers. Great food, great service. I love this place.
5	This place is great.  We stumbled in here for dinner and were amazed at how great this place is.  I want to highlight that they have 7 or 8 taps exclusively dedicated to Founders Brewing Co., which is my absolute favorite. God help me if I ever manage to time a visit to Pittsburgh with a happy hour.  Frank the Tank.  Shutter the windows and hide your valuables everybody.  Our server Sam was very friendly and helpful us navigate the menu with her own personal recommendations. My colleague settled on fancy sliders and I ordered the bison burger.  I can't remember ever eating a bison burger before, but I don't need to remember any other after devouring this one.  It was amazing, perhaps a Top 5 burger in my 36 year-old lifespan.  I was a bit drunk on Founders Breakfast Stout at the time, and I'm really hoping my enjoyment  wasn't just a case of 'beer goggles'. But I will be back.  And I will eat another bison burger.  Most likely slightly to moderately intoxicated again.Our dinner entertainment was two dudes on guitar covering 90s and early 2000's songs.  Highlight of the set was their gig ender, a cover of Shaggy's 'Angel' song with a guest singer pulled up from the audience.  A very white gentleman who was absolutely spot on imitating Shaggy.  Awesome way to end a great trip to Pittsburgh.
1	I arrived at Urban Tap in time to have a drink ahead of closing time, meeting a group of 4 girls that were already there.  The bartenders were kind enough to confirm that I had ample time to buy one round of drinks before leaving for the night.What followed was behavior, by the owners no less, that was so abhorrent that I never intend to patronize this place again.  2-3 minutes after spending over $50 on a final round of drinks, someone yelled at me to "Get the f*ck out of the bar."  I looked over at a table of 5 guys that were now purporting to be the owners of the bar.  They were literally yelling at me (for no apparent reason) to leave and they began to use words such as, but not limited to, "Faggot" and "Asshole" while one man with a beard began to comment on my clothes and hair.  They went as far as to be rude to the girls in my group as well -- again, for no apparent reason.  I'll point out that these men all seemed to be under the influence of a lot of alcohol and drugs, as well.Rather than have things escalate, we took the high road and left.  On the way out, the staff was kind enough to confirm that these "gentlemen" actually did own the bar.This will all feel worthwhile if even one person opts to not patronize this establishment as a result of this review.  The people that own this place should absolutely be ashamed of themselves.
5	I have to say, I wasn't expecting anything more than regular bar food when I walked in here, but I was pleasantly surprised to find out that I was wrong. I'm talking top five burgers of my life wrong. I originally set out to order the short rib sandwich. Our sever let us know that this wasn't a sandwich so much as a pile of tender short rib on top of a juicy burger. I almost passed for caloric reasons, but decided to go for it. Good move apparently, because it was perfect all around -- perfectly cooked and perfectly tasty. Much to my dismay, upon a recent inspection of their menu, this burger no longer seems to be an option, but I'm not deterred. The quality of the burger alone paired with the "toppings" they still offer (I quote "toppings" because meat on a burger seems less like a topping and more like a gift from the heavens) including pulled pork and brisket still seem like they'll make for a burger fit for anyone's top five list.Also, as an aside to one of the most delicious burgers I have ever had, the service was great, the bathrooms were clean, and they had an excellent draft beer list. Two of the beers we ordered during our meal ended up being recently kicked and rotated out. While we were bummed to not get our first choices it was great to know that they keep the beer moving, which means it's fresh. A win for everyone.
4	Read some of the less than positive reviews and was somewhat worried about having dinner at the Tap.  Our experience was very positive.  We had the following appetizers:Next Level Popcorn - okMac n Cheese - good!Fried Brussel Sprouts - loved them!! Pork Nachos - nice change on run of the mill nachos - good!The beer selection was really good.  It had good blend of various seasonal beers.  I tasted a "sex on the beach" that was probably one of the best variations of the drink I ever tasted.  Dinners were mixed at table...Tap Burger - reviews were goodTurkey burger - really nice take on this - really good!!Cod - tasted it - really decent sandwichBrisket burger - tasted it as well and it was nice change on regular burgerLastly, our server (I wished I remembered her name) was awesome!  Bonus of the place is even though on Carson St. there is parking lot right next door.Haven't been here, worth a stop!!!
4	The food was awesome.  The Gouda Mac and cheese is perfect.  The mussels were awesome and the bison burger.   Our waitress was not so good.   She was unapproachable and not friendly.  E. Hess was the server on the check.   Would avoid her.
3	Cocktails and appetizers on a weeknight, yum! Pork Nachos and some strawberry drink. I enjoyed it, but service wasn't great. I would definitely try again, and am interested in the brunch.
