4	In response to review below - the country club has a dress code. Just like pretty much every country club. My husband loves golfing but not as much as gambling so we only breezed through once. It is very nicely manicured.
5	oohwee this place has the best steak and service. well they better considering steaks are like 60 a pop. the waiters and servers are super attentive. i felt so special. queen like. too bad i couldnt eat much cause i was trying to recover from the stomach flu. i miss this place. to top it off my boy took me to watch le reve right after. i recommend that show.
4	When I first read about Wynn Las Vegas, I classified The Country Club Grill as Wynn's golf club restaurant. Translation: boring! However, I'd read many complimentary reviews, and decided that perhaps it was worth a shot.The Country Club Grill serves lunch and dinner. You don't need to play golf to eat here; everyone is welcome. The menu is simple. Dinner concentrates on hunks of meat - steaks, chops, and the like - plus a few seafood options. Lunch offers similarly basic, though lighter, fare.Located next to Wynn's golf course, it has wonderful views. Outside tables are available. It manages to maintain the feel of a golf club restaurant, albeit one that is a lot fancier than any such place I've ever been to.I ate here for lunch. Cobb Salad was a mix of the standard ingredients, including lettuce, turkey, bacon, blue cheese, tomato, and avocado, all cut into small pieces. A few words about "small": to me, the pieces should be as small as humanly possible - less than a quarter inch square. The Country Club Grill didn't meet this standard, but it did make cuts as small as any I've seen in restaurants. More importantly, the ingredients were very fresh, as if everything had been cut to order. It was very good.The Cobb Salad was more than large enough to be an entire meal. However, I was on a mission, having read lots of praise of the Country Club Crisp Potatoes. This dish consists of roughly mashed potatoes, placed in a small round dish, baked or roasted or something until crisp on the outside, then covered with fried onions. One order was enough for at least two people. It was very good, but not to die for. Don't feel sad if you don't have room for it.Another recommended dish was Plum Crisp. This is not the type of dessert that appeals to me, but I'm glad I ordered it. The plums were both sweet and tart, the crust was crisp, and I quickly polished off the Armagnac ice cream with raisins, even though I have never liked its close relative, rum raisin ice cream.
5	Located on the back side of the Wynn, overlooking the golf course and a massive waterfall, I don't think I fell for Steve Wynn's hotel video hype about feeling like you're in the Carolinas. I was treated to an exceptional meal that was beautifully prepared and well served.  They don't have a menu for children but they were more than happy to split a plate for my kids.They have a Kobe beef carpaccio infused with a garlic truffle oil on the appetizer menu that is truly remarkable. ($21.00)Yes, prices are on the high side, like all Wynn restaurants, with the chicken, my steakhouse bellwether at about $38.00.  Sides run about $8.00 average.The restaurant is just a part of the hotel, not located away in some remote golf building. Just pass the slots and head out to the other end of the building and you're there.
5	My kinda place....... Dark wood, comfy chairs with arms, white table cloth with a single red rose on the table....I don't need a floor show or a wine steward swinging in the air.  Had booked the SW Steakhouse downstairs at Xmas then saw the ad for the CC. Sure glad I changed....Mix the night before and I'm frenched out...give me some meat and potatoes! Classic great steakhouse. Great caesar... creamed corn with bacon on top in a little iron skillet (better than sex..weeellll, nevermind)  with a perfect steak. Life is good. I needed a break from the ' cucumber slice with carrot puree topped with celery foam'  type of meal.    aaaahhhhhh
3	My husband and I were on a quest to try every restaurant at least once at the Wynn.  And this was the one and only time we would be eating at this restaurant/golf club.  We both ordered burgers and fries.  While the golf course and waterfall views were stunning, they weren't enough to keep us patient for 45 minutes waiting for our food.  This was extremely confusing to us since we were only one of two tables in the place.  From the time we ordered, 30 minutes went by before our waiter brought us a complimentary order of fries to tide us over.  For some reason, that they didn't give us, our burgers weren't ready.  My guess is that they lost our order and wouldn't own up to it.  Another 15 went by before our orders came.  45 minutes for burgers and fries!  Yes, the burger was very good.  The fries were just OK.   At least the manager came out after our meal and took care of the bill for us because of the long wait.
4	What can you really say about top of the line restaurants in Vegas?  I mean it's so hard to go wrong when you're paying a check for $8500 (granted it was a large group ^_^).  However a restaurant really has to screw up to get below a three star rating.We had a pre-fix menu that allowed us various options.  The Tomato & Mozzarella  appetizer was extremely tasty.  The texture was firm and was almost like eating a hearty steak.  You can never go wrong w/ the balsamic vinegar drizzled every so lightly over it w/ a crack of black pepper.The rib eye was a fairly generous cut and was cooked to my liking.  It was nicely charred on the outside w/ a nice crisp, and despite saying that all the meat that night would be cooked 'medium', they did make mine medium rare.  It was nicely seasoned and aged well.  It was almost as good as Delmonico's . . . almost.Overall the service was excellent and the atmosphere very quaint.  You get a great view of the golf course and depending on where you're seating you can overlook a waterfall as well.  The restaurant also has a pro-golf shop in front, however i"m sure their prices are outrageous.A great experience, however I do think their drinks weren't worth the price.  If you're gonna pay $15 for a martini, it better give you a rush that you've never felt before.
5	This is the best kept secret restaurant in Vegas. People tend to relegate this to the "lunch" place or the "burger after golf" place. Schmucks, because this place has the best steak in Vegas.I know this is no small feat, even just downstairs is SW, Wynn's flagship steakhouse. Not to mention the myriad of other casinos with steakhouses. But just give this place a try for dinner. Trust me, I've converted 5 hesitant friends into avid fans.The wine list is fantastic- in fact we've ordered some of the cheapest bottles on the menu but it's always superb. Get the cheese fondue to start. Service is prompt and friendly. Dress appropriately.
5	Located in the Wynn Resort; a friend were told about this restaurant from a food critic, who let us in on her "secret restaurant". My friend and I agreed this would be the only fancy night we would have.I called to make reservations and asked for a table outside. All I can say is the view was out of this world. Sitting over a golf course, near the 18th hole, which has a waterfall and gorgeous lighting on the course makes for one of the best locations for a romantic dinner in Vegas. We ordered the lamb chops and a bottle of wine. The entire evening all I could think about was what lucky lady I could bring to this restaurant next time and impress.If eating at this restaurant, don't expect for the bill to come cheap. Your mind should be enjoying the scenery and the ambiance this restaurant creates. For a cheeseburger and fries stay eating in the casino!
4	For once Vegas got it right! In a place filled with harsh lights, loud sounds, and crazy people, it's nice to go to a place that is classy, bright, and serves great food.Make a reservation and make sure you go for the brunch menu! The restaurant is nestled deep within the Wynn but overlooks the lush and otherworldly golf-course. Grab a table outside and eat while listening the lovely waterfall and admiring the green.The food? Basic American brunch fair, but it's done right, I promise! I had their French toast and was mightily impressed... When you're there, though, do pick the open-faced Prime Rib sandwich! It looks delicious and tasted even better.The service is impeccable! We had five people serve us and were just four people! They even poured the au jus sauce over the sandwich for you!Do take note: It is pricey. You're looking at about 15 to 20 bucks a plate just for brunch, and more than just a couple of bucks for drinks. Bloody Mary will run you about 11 dollars, but its mighty tasty.All-in-all: I'd definitely go back, and I will, next time in Vegas!
2	Surprisingly, not so good.  The wait staff is a little on the snooty side.  I had a filet mignon that was sitting on about a teaspoon of spinach and a few dried tomatoes, with a bit of shaved truffle on top.  Sounds great, but it turned out to be a very dry steak and it was overcooked too.  For a $59 steak, I expected it to at least be cooked correctly.  My dining companion ordered the same, and his was under-cooked.   I wouldn't go back there.  For a great meal, I recommend heading to Red Square at Mandalay Bay.  Red Square's steak is terrific, and everything else on their menu is fabulous too.  Don't waste your time at The Country Club at Wynn.
2	Talk about snooty restaurant!  My boyfriend and I tried this place out for brunch.  First off, since we weren't staying at the Wynn, they made us wait 20 minutes for a table even though it was obvious the place was fairly empty.  The restaurant view is beautiful.  You're overlooking the golf course and some of the strip.  The crowd is mostly middle-aged rich looking people so we stuck out like a sore thumb.The food was alright.  The highlight of the meal was this potato thing that my boyfriend got.  It looked like a huge tater tot but it was super yummy. I probably wouldn't check this place out again because of the snooty feel of the restaurant.
4	I really enjoyed the atmosphere here. Didn't feel Vegas at all. :)
4	Things that were good:mixed green salad (not a joke, its actually quite good)friesshrimp cocktailThings that were meh:-kobe beef burger: this most certainly was not a "burger"  - its a kobe beef patty on top of some kind of potato concoction.  Not bad but a major letdown when you are expecting an actual $28 cheeseburgerit at least wasnt crowded, and offers a respite from las vegas - actually gets very close to the feel of an actual country club, golf course and everything.
5	As other posters have said, this place is one of the best kept secrets in Las Vegas.  Overlooking the 18th hole (with waterfall), my wife and I enjoyed a nice, relaxing lunch this past week.  The green grass, the flowers, the gentle roar of the waterfall, all enable you to forget that you are in one of the busiest cities on Earth.For lunch I had the chipolte burger w/fries.  Well worth the $19.00 price tag, especially after having two of the best bloody marys in Las Vegas. (more peppary than spicy)  The service was very good as well. Very attentive and courteous.Overall, a great place to bring someone to get away from the hustle and bustle and to enjoy one of the nicest views in all of Vegas.
4	Last night I took a friend of mine from LA to dinner at The Country Club. We arrived for dinner around 5:30 that night, and although we had to wait about ten minutes to be seated, the hostess quickly apologized for the wait. I had wanted to eat outside on the terrace so I could see the beautiful waterfall and golf course they are known for, but she said it was chilly, and suggested I take a look outside first to make sure I'd be comfortable, which was nice of her. We decided to eat inside instead.The decor is very classy and elegant, lots of dark wood, like a place you would visit back east, not like Las Vegas at all, which is actually a good thing. The atmosphere is relaxed and quiet, away from the hustle and bustle of the casino. Our waiter was very knowledgeable of the menu and wine list. However, I cracked a joke about having a "Lake Mead Cocktail" (Vegas slang for water) instead of Pelligrino or whatever other bottled water they had, and he gave me a funny look. Other than that, he was very attentive and even asked if we had a show to catch that night (we were going to see Zumanity) and what time we had to leave, which was 7 p.m. Everything was taken care of in record time.I recommend you should try their Taste of Wynn menu that they have going on right now, which is a choice of three various appetizers and entrees, and a couple of desserts. I had scallops, a generous-sized pork chop (which surprised me because high-end restaurants aren't known for their portion sizes), and vanilla cheesecake with strawberry topping for dessert. I had two Blood and Sand cocktails, which are specialty mixed drinks with scotch, orange juice, and some other yummy ingredients that I don't remember off the top of my head right now. Gave me a great buzz.Everything was fantastic. I tried a little bit of my friend's dishes which were the salmon, salad, and chocolate cake. Taste and presentation exceeded my wildest expectations. I'm not a big fan of the Wynn, but I would definitely go back to The Country Club for lunch or dinner and would recommend it to anyone looking for some place out of the ordinary and special to eat, whether you are a local or a tourist on vacation in Vegas.
5	This was our first stop after landing in Vegas. The Wynne is absolutely beautiful and The Country Club restaurant inside was phenomenal. We sat outside, overlooking the 18th hole. My fiance ordered the crabcake sliders and, I, taking the hostess' advice, ordered the kobe burger. Both were so good. I am somewhat of a french fry contousseur, and these did not disappoint. They had to have been handcut in house. Seasoned perfectly!!! We wanted to go back here Sunday evening for the burger again, but alas - they are closed Sun, Mon, and Tues.
2	Surprisingly, not great.After reading all the positive Yelp reviews about it being "the best kept secret in Vegas" I was expected to be floored. This was not the case with both service and food.Waitress was a little uppity. Now, considering I've been to Joel Robuchon, CraftSteak, Mix, etc. all with PRISTINE service I was pretty surprised when a waitress at some non-Michelin rated restaurant was giving me attitude. I mean, once she saw that we ordered appetizers, drinks, entrees, and desserts, THEN she started giving us respect. But just the insinuation that I'm somehow lesser because I'm young is just too much (particularly, in this city).Lovely drinks - had the Beyonce cocktail and the boy had the Sinatra (with fresh crushed blueberries). Could slurp them down all night.Had the surf & turf and filet. Both were overcooked (we asked for medium) and just so-so. Admittedly, I'm overwhelmingly pro-Wagyu but still, I expected more. Dessert was pretty good - had the blueberry cobbler which was super warm and gooey... yum.But seriously, the entree makes or breaks an experience. And this time, it's a major bust. Will not go back.
5	Eaten here several times its my favorite place in Vegas for a steak. By the way I'm young too and have never had any problems from waitstaff.
4	Do you want to wait at least 45 minutes in a cramped line for the Wynn buffet? Hell to the no. Did I? Not a chance.My friend and I were looking for a solid meal to aid in curing our hangover from the night before... and standing in line for a few dishes was only going to make my agitation worse. We walked right by the buffet, only to come across The Country Club... and I was relieved we did! We were seated immediately, in a homey, brown leather booth, right by the bar.  The interior is comfortable and open... incredibly inviting. So, not only did we get to enjoy delicious food... we were able to watch the NFL games on their flat screens as well! Huge plus. Although my friend was not impressed with her pulled pork "sandwich" (it's basically a bunch of fatty meat, piled high on what looked to be a thick piece of cornbread)... I loved my meal. I started with a Caesar Salad... with crunchy romaine and a great dressing that had the perfect amount of anchovy.Afterwards, I engulfed my Smoked Salmon Eggs Benedict. It was absolutely delightful! Perfect amount of sauce draped the flaky and buttery biscuit.  The eggs were perfect, as was the salmon. Yum yum yum!The service was nothing special... however, you better be damned if I ever stand in line at another Vegas buffet again.
4	I made a reservation here because I read several positive reviews on yelp and I was actually extremely curious about the view of the golf course.We were seated promptly and all the waiters were extremely attentive and helpful. The menu was straightforward and I went with the tri-tip open faced sandwich. It was quite heavy, I'm glad I had it for lunch, but super delicious. I also tried their hotdog for $10 - I was impressed how they cooked the bun - very yummy. They also bring you a plate of all the sauces/toppings - how nicely laid out =)Their lunch dishes are also priced pretty well. Between $10-$22 an entree, everything is very yummy here.The furniture is beautiful and very rich, with a fireplace by the entrance. The view is stunning.Would definitely make a pit stop here if you stay at the Wynn/Encore
2	WTF happened here!?  My first experience at The Country Club was in 2005 during the madness that is the SEMA show.  I was invited out by a vendor and had an amazing meal out on the veranda at a table overlooking the 18th hole waterfall.  My filet at that meal was melt-in-your-mouth delicious, the sides were scrumptious, and the wait-staff was super-professional and polite.  It was an all-out amazing meal.Then my girlfriend and I were in town recently and decided to stop in on a lark.  We had no trouble getting reservations and the restaurant was pretty empty (our first sign that things were amiss).  The veranda was closed due to the hot weather (August in Vegas... blehck), but we were quickly seated at a nice table inside the main dining room.After an uncomfortably long period, our waitress finally graced us with her presence to take our drink orders.  We were immediately taken back by her rudeness.  She didn't offer an apology for the long wait time and had none of the prim and proper demeanor that I had enjoyed on my first visit.  She had a "too cool for school attitude" and seemed skeptical of our ability to do damage to an American Express statement.  This surprised the hell out of me because we were dressed appropriately for the restaurant and because we looked like the mid-20's DINKs that we are.Our waitress finally dropped the bitchy attitude when she discovered that we weren't there to waste her time with caesar salads and bread.  Disappointingly, our medium steaks were overcooked to a medium well/well level.  My girlfriend and I were so over the restaurant at that point that we didn't bother sending the food back.  The garlic sauteed spinach and yukon gold potatoes were very good and we just wanted to nibble at what we could and then get out.We had ordered souffles in advance due to the time it takes to prepare, so we stayed for dessert.  The desserts were fine, but I couldn't really enjoy mine to its fullest because the rest of the experience had left me with such a bad taste in my mouth.Honestly, this second experience at The Country Club was a total disappointment because of the horrible waitress and the sub-par steaks.  The only thing keeping me from awarding 1-star is that fact that my first dining experience was so good.The next time I'm craving red meat in Las Vegas, you'll find me at CraftSteak.
5	I have only nice things to say about this restaurant:- Clean, open, spacious, modern, naturally lighted- Beautiful vista over the signature Wynn golf course- Extremely polite service- Every dish we tried was great: watermelon soup, arugula salad, their calling card hamburger and fries (beware of ordering it rare, as it will come *rare*!)The jazz brunch is even better than the usual breakfast and lunch fare here -- focus your efforts on the crab legs, gumbo, shrimp, French toast, carvery and just about everything else
2	This review is for THANKSGIVING DINNER. Our appetizers were good (a shrimp cocktail and a pumpkin soup with lobster). Do NOT eat here if you are looking for a nice holiday turkey dinner. It was one step above cafeteria food. The cornbread stuffing (usually my fave part of the meal) could not possibly have had more onion flavor, it was not fit for human consumption. I think when the chef was sprinkling the onion powder in it, the lid fell off and dumped the whole container. Seriously. The whipped sweet potatoes had a strange waxy, processed quality, if I hadn't been starving I wouldn't have eaten them at all. The turkey was decent, but not unlike what you would get in a school cafeteria. The cranberry sauce had a yucky vinegar quality. I'm almost never impressed with the restaurants at the Wynn and the Country Club was no exception. Our food was so bad, we actually skipped dessert, which is something I NEVER do, especially on Thanksgiving.
5	One of the best lunches of all time in my 31 yrs of consuming food.  Reservations were very accomodating.  The hostess was very pleasant, service was very timely and the food was AMAZING!  View of the 18th hole with waterfall. Spacious atmosphere. Waiter was very attentive and professional.  At lunch you got a bread basket that had at least 5 different types of exquiste flavors and the butter was soft and had grainy salt on the top. One of the breads had orange peel that was to die for. We ate the kobe beef carpaccio and the lobster cobb salad with blue cheese dressing. So fresh and delicious!!!! Oh and the glenlivit milkshake...a must try for all the scotch fans.
5	I've been to the Country Club 4 or 5 times now.  No need to look at the menu.  The Open Face Prime Rib French Dip is the single best food dish I have ever tasted.  I've taken 4 different people here now, and in each case built up this sandwich with as much hyperbole as I could muster.  Not once has anyone said anything but WOW!.  I recently brought my wife, who suffers from Celiac, meaning she cannot have any gluten (wheat or like products).  I informed the waiter and he prepared a plate with no bread and a side salad.  She enjoyed every last morsel.  Whatever you do, you owe yourself to taste this sandwich before you die.
4	I just had lunch on the patio at the Country Club at Wynn Resorts and I must say that it was an experience that caught me by surprise! I work Monday-Friday 8:30am-5pm in an office, with no windows might I add, and getting out for lunch to the Country Club at Wynn just brightened my day to the fullest. The view from the patio was so surreal because it didn't even feel like you were in Vegas. It overlooks the golf course with this immaculate waterfall, it just sounded, smelled and felt amazing to be outside (in January might I add) and be comfortable. It is also a plus, since I have lived in lush places such as Oregon and Hawaii to see GRASS for what seemed like miles! ;o)Now onto the lunch, it was very good! We had the cocktail shrimp to start, they were huge succulent shrimp (you only get three for $19 so a little $$$, but very good) the cocktail sauce had chopped red onion and was very flavorful.  I had a Blackened Chicken Caesar Salad, that was very tasty, dressing was a little on the heavy side, but luckily the dressing wasn't fishy at all so that was a plus. Overall, this was a lunch-break to remember, it revamped and rejuvenated me to finish the rest of the day strong! (But I would be lying if I didn't say I almost wanted to take the rest of the day off and just hang out on the patio and drink some Riesling.)
3	When you're dining here it feels very exclusive. Seats next to the golf course are nice. But there is nothing impressive about the food.The steak was overcooked.  Everything was a la carte, but even the side dishes couldn't hold its own. You can find  better options...the only thing I fully enjoyed was my glass of wine.
3	Bonnie and I were scouring the Wynn for some lunch and didn't feel like breaking the bank, so we checked out the only eating establishment at the hotel that wasn't rated "$$$$" in the 24/7 city guide - The Country Club. It's in an absolutely gorgeous room. Somewhat of a large study - rich mahogany wood and comfortable lounge couches, and a bar that I could sit at and watch sports all day long.The food was very good - a BBQ Cheeseburger that was massive and delicious. The chips were a mix of baked and fried; bottom line was, they weren't so great. Nice, fresh deli pickle, though, so points for that! We didn't have to wait very long at all to be served, but a group of women at the table next to us seemed very fidgety while we ate; turns out they were waiting for their food to be delivered the entire time while we were seated, served and ate. And all they ordered was breakfast food - I would have been upset as well.On the way out, we were bid adieu by the mait're de, a robotic, "Thanks for coming, have a nice day" without even looking at us. Same kind of treatment on the way in. Maybe she was having a bad day. Either way, I doubt the Wynn would be pleased by her attitude. All in all, a decent place for lunch. Practically one of the only options if you're not looking to break the bank, or walk very far to get your fix.
5	I'll preface this by saying I had Lunch outdoors. This is a beautiful restauraunt located away fro,m the Casino floor and overlooks the spectacular Wynn golf course; specifically the 18th hole. It is a tough hole, it is quite entertaining to watch the golfers struggle with it while you enjoy your food.The view from the outdoor balcony is amazing, with the grounds all immaculately kept, a waterfall and the golf course. I was not expecting that much from the food, but I should have. It was SO good. You absolutely must try the made-from-scratch potato chips with truffle oil...they are so so good. I had a french dip sandwich..but to call it a french dip sandwich is to insult it. It was so much more. The lunch prices are very fair for the quality of the food and the atmosphere. This is a wonderful lunch spot. The interior is very nice as well, but on a beautiful Vegas day outside is the only place to eat.
3	3.5 starsFood was very good -- though again, you are paying for the location. Service was decent once the hostess was able to seat us. Great view and good to very good food. For me, there was a certain disconnect from the hotel, to the Country Club to the actual course -- they just didn't seem to be very integrated or have a certain common experience -- which seemed true to many of my Vegas experiences -- everything is a creation of sorts -- some quite good, others not so much -- but they are creations that at times feel a little heavy handed and at times a little fabricated.
5	Amazing!  Where do I begin?  Okay, first off, my lady friend and I arrived around 11 AM for an early lunch.  Essentially, during the day, The CC serves as the Club House for the Wynn Golf Course.  We got a great seat, indoors, with a fantastic view of the Wynn golf course 18th green with waterfall in full effect.  It was a beautiful blue skied February day, but there was a pervasive chill in the air.   Somehow the two of us were wearing black, our napkins were white and I'm assuming, for fear of getting lint on her gorgeous black suit, my friend declined to lay her napkin in her lap.  I, on the other hand, am slovenly and forgot...kidding of course...you know that though, right?  Hmmm...I digress...this is not about me.  Okay, so, without even asking, our wonderful lady server brought us both black napkins!!!  Telepathy a prerequisite skill or what?!  Okay, that was just the first of her Kreskinesque moments of superlative service.   The other was; I don't know, I may have mentioned my Gurl's high beams were on; as the restaurant was a lil chill.  Without saying a word, an orange box appeared on our table and Wonder Woman pulled out a brand new cashmere stole and placed over my Gurl's shoulders!!!  WE DIDN'T SAY A THING TO HER...she just Nike'd it...Just do it!  Wow!  We joked about dinin' and dashin' for fashion...  At least I was jokin'.  My gurl, I'm not so sure.Okay, so I sense that you get that the service was impeccable so let's talk about the chow now.I had a burger and fries.  It was perfect like you were at a fancy restaurant and they did the basics amazingly well.  I wish they had fish and chips.  I'm certain they would have been the best ever.  I hope this helps.  I appreciate excellent service and frustrated by poor service, so this place gets the whole enchilada from me.  Woohoo!  As good as it gets!Chow!
5	Best brunch ever. Why do people walk though snakelines like cattle for regular brunch when they can go to the Country Club for the Jazz Brunch for just a bit more? Situated next to the Wynn golf course, The Country Club has a very, well, country club feel to it. You won't find anyone there you saw the night before at a club or on the strip pushing a stroller at 2am. And obviously there was also a live jazz band playing off to the side. There was a little wait for a table outside so we killed some time at the bar while the bartender served us complimentary Kentucky Tea, which is bourbon, sour mix, triple sec and a whole lot of tastiness.When we finally got our table outside, wow was it worth that short wait! We overlooked the 18th green and a huge waterfall. Because the Wynn is on the east side of the Strip and Country Club faced east, there were hardly any high rises in the background. Just peaceful green as far as the eyes can see. It's like you're not even in Vegas. And after a whole weekend of nonstop whatever, it's nice to have a little R&R on your R&R.The buffet is high quality: jumbo shrimp, king crab legs, smoked salmon, and a carving station with filet, lamb and various sausages. In addition, there was a complimentary menu to choose from with more traditional breakfast fares. There was also a big table full of desserts.
4	My mom and I had an impeccable lunch here last week . The views outside are amazing! The waterfall , the golf course,  WOW! Perfect for power lunches or a nice lunch while on vacation. *Open faced french dip ($22) - very good but not as spectacular as I was expecting. Basically some stale bread covered in succulent sliced beef with melted gruyere and onions. Tasty but not jaw dropping .*Chicken Paillard ($20ish) - 2 beautiful pounded chicken breasts breaded in parmesan . In the middle was bacon, veggies, greens, etc. Beautiful tasty and well balanced. Cost : $50 for 2 (and we were only drinking iced teaA nice place to hit for lunch when cost/value doesn't matter!
4	We came here for lunch one afternoon because it was close to the room we were staying at while at the Wynn. We were seated on the patio overlooking the 18th green of the most beautiful golf course I've ever seen. There is a huge waterfall next to the 18th green and you can watch all the golfers incoming shots from where you're seated.The food was good but not amazing. The best part was the view and the beautiful sophisticated decor. It reminded me of an old country club from back in the 20's. As I said the food is not amazing but the prices are right. It's a little hidden gem way off the casino and I'm betting most people don't even know it's there. Check it out. You won't even know you're on the strip with the beautiful golf course to look at.
3	Good tasting food in a really beautiful location.  So why the 3 stars?  Well, the price is just out-ray-geous (something like $350 for 4 people for brunch).  And while I probably would have sucked up the price as part of the woooo Vegas experience, the fact that the brunch is a buffet really makes it unjustifiable.  Fine, it's 3.5 stars but as Yelp doesn't have half stars I'm rounding down because of the price.
4	Best place for lunch at the hotel.  Why go to an expensive restaurant inside the Casino that overlooks a casino walkway and slot machines?  View and decor here are great.  Food was light (ceviche, fish, and salads were all good) and you can see real grass and trees outside...not all the fake ones inside the casino!
4	The roasted chicken was amazing; seasoned to perfection, with delicious mashed potatoes and easily the best chicken reduction sauce i've ever had on the side.  The beef filet and the bread weren't quite as spectacular, and the vegetable medley plate for vegetarian diners was mediocre.  However, given the super accommodating wait staff and gorgeous views, I'd like to come back and try this place for lunch.
4	Forget everything else everyone has said, this place is about 2 words, HOT DOG! My friends and I were referred to the Wynn country club for one thing, their $10 hot dog!  I was thinking in my head, what ten bucks for a hot dog?  But man this is one of the best Hot Dogs I've ever had.  Most places focus their attention on the meat and neglect the bun, but the bun here was soft, warm and grilled on one side to perfection.  I ordered mine with grilled onions on top.  I wasn't too impressed with their other dishes though, the fries were huge steak fries that were overly seasoned and their Caesar salad dressing was a bit rich.  My friends ordered the burger and it looked good, so maybe next time :)
3	A nice steakhouse with a high class atmosphere, this is as good a place as any in Las Vegas to blow 50+ dollars on a slab of meat.  As with everything in Vegas, excess is best at the Country Club as well.  This was one of my first fine dinning experiences at the Wynn Hotel and Resort and although I'm not a Vegas person, I thought this place had good food.   I had the pork chop and my friends had the rib eye.  All were good and well prepared (medium - except the pork) and were satisfying in size.I hear the view of the golf course outside during the day is truly something for fans of the game to enjoy over a cocktail and some breakfast, lunch or early dinner.
4	Saturday morning (almost noon) we wake up after a long night of clubbing HUNGRY!!!  I was sooo hungry I could eat a f'in cow.  Every restaurant we tried to hit up were either closed or too packed.  We saw many cafes along the way but I don't really trust these hotel cafes since they are usually a hit or a miss and almost always overpriced.Then there it was a REAL restaurant.  The Country Club ahhh!Ordered  Smoked salmon tambale and an Angus burger.  The medium burger I ordered came out well done and dry :( but I sent it back and out came another burger perfectly medium :) yay! It was juicy and delicious~ just what I needed!  Smoked Salmon Tambale? excellent!Very comfortable setting with a view of a beautiful golf course.  Yay! I'm a fan!
5	My favorite sunday brunch spot, a little pricey...but what's the point of living if you don't make it a point to treat yourself.  They have a live  band, nice music...when you come her make sure you have a lot of time...you'll want to nibble on and off...they have small but tastey portions...which I love.
5	Great atmosphere, exceptional service, amazingly tasty food! The view of the waterfall outside on the golf course makes you feel like you left Vegas for dinner. The Jazz brunch is fantastic and lunch here is great!They have one of the best Carpaccio appetizers I've ever had and the portion sizes are perfect. The prices may seem high, but you get what you pay for...the value for the money is perfectly balanced.
4	A lot of people may not know this, but when Steve Wynn is in town he always comes here for lunch. He stays in a villa right next door so if you're lucky you'll see him here with a hot little Blondie walking guide. He literally walks out his door into the restaurant.  He figured it out, "screw the walker or the wheel chair I'll just have my own hot Blondie porn star walk me around all day." While the Wynn offers other several great restaurants the country club is a great lunch spot. It's down the way from Stratta and if you're wearing a tank top and sandals you'll have to change as I found out. The place is pretty cool as it's situated right on the golf course and really has that "country club" feel, which you would never expect to even be there unless you knew.  As always the quality at the Wynn is exceptional so you won't have to worry about that.
4	Four of us met for lunch at the Country Club at Wynn.  I had the Cobb salad with chicken and an iced tea.  Another had the watermelon gazpacho and a shrimp cocktail.  The third meal was the Wynn sandwich, and the last person had the Wynn hot dog.  Service was very good.  We all enjoyed our meals.  One bummer was we couldn't sit outside nor go out to see the golf course because they were in process of overseeding the course and watering it quite a bit.  Next time.The room is nice, and I will be back.  I do want to try the hot dog the next time.  I love the condiments they serve with the dog.
5	Classic steak house, but with a view of the golf course and waterfall out back. You'll feel like you're somewhere in North Carolina, not in Vegas! I have to say most of my party ordered steaks of various cuts. None of us were hungry when we left. :) What piggies... We also had the cheese fondue, carpaccio, and shrimp cocktail for appetizers to share. Fabulous wine list and amazing service. You have to try the huge chocolate cake for dessert!
5	I LOVED this restaurant. It's a great place to get away from all the hustle and bustle of Vegas. Quiet, delicious food, and Angela, the bartender is awesome!
5	My husband and I dined here twice over Thanksgiving weekend. We had dinner the night before Thanksgiving and the Sunday Brunch after Thanksgiving. For dinner, my husband and I shared the Country Club's version of caprese. They were nice enough to split it in the kitchen (without even asking) and delivered it to us on two separate plates. The bocconcini was delicious. For dinner, I had the brown sugar brined pork chop. The picture of it on their website made my mouth water before we even arrived. The pork did not disappoint. It was tender and had a smokey flavor. Instead of the prescribed corn succotash, I had the creamed corn. The creamed corn, as mentioned by other reviewers, is divine. My husband ordered the free range chicken. The chicken was crispy on the out side and juicy on the inside. It was delicious! When we ordered, our server commented that even though they are a steakhouse and have fantastic steaks, the pork and chicken dishes are amazing. I respect the honesty of any server that will recommend a less expensive dish. For dessert, we had the chocolate bombolone. They were warm and chocolaty but surprisingly light. Our server gave us instructions not to cut them open as the chocolate squirts out. As soon as I bit into the first one, I began to heed his warning and chew carefully with my mouth shut tightly. It's like a chocolate explosion in your mouth. When we went back for Jazz Sunday brunch, we were equally pleased with our experience. In addition to the buffet, there is a menu of small plate items to order from. These items are included in the set price for the brunch. From the menu, we sampled the french toast bread pudding and grilled beef hot dog. This hot dog was no small plate. It was huge and delicious, as other reviewers have noted. As far as meats from the buffet, we enjoyed the creole rubbed shrimp, herb roasted turkey breast, king crab legs (cut in half lengthwise for tactful and easy eating) and more brown sugar brined pork tenderloin. The beef tenderloin left a lot to be desired. It was rubbery and flavorless. They had mini-hamburgers which were very good and a surprising treat. For sides, we enjoyed the Heirloom Tomato and Buffalo Mozzarella Salad (although it needed some extra balsamic as it didn't seem to have any), grilled vegetables, assorted salami's and cheeses. All were delicious. For dessert, we had peppermint macaroons (Parisian kind, not the coconut kind), candied apples, eclairs and mini cookies. There is a huge variety offered at this brunch. The views, food and service are all spectacular. This must be a dining stop on your gastronomic tour of Las Vegas.
5	Jazz brunch is it!!!!! Food just simply perfect.
3	So my review doesn't seem so long winded, just wanted to point out a couple things. I went here for a lunch meeting and was impressed by the view of the golf course and how fast we were seated during the typical lunch hour. As tempted as I was to go all out since I wasn't paying for the meal, I decided to be nice and just order a regular burger. So alas I settled for the BBQ Bacon Burger with Parmesan Truffle Potato Crisps.As you're waiting for your food, they give you a basket of complimentary bread and butter. I can't complain when there's freebies!So here's the test, food arrives. Beautiful presentation for a burger. The burger however wasn't as pleasing as it looked. The bun looked appealing like a pretzel bun but it was really dry. The BBQ sauce was too sweet for my taste and the bacon was a little overcooked that there was no flavor. A little disappointed but glad I didn't pay the $16 for the burger. I will admit that the parmesan truffle potato chips were awesome!
4	Came here for a light lunch...we just ordered salads.  This place offers great food with great views (too bad you hardly see anyone playing on the course though...maybe its those high prices).  Service was pretty good, but who am I kidding...we were only one of three in the place at the time, so the service better be spot on, haha!.  We really wanted to go outside and eat on their patio but we were told it was closed due to high wind warnings that day...bummer!  I'm sure this place would make a great dining spot on night with the golf course all lit up.Enjoy!
2	The Skinny: picturesque ambience makes for a nice relaxing morning but the food definitely had some hits and misses(2) Service: efficient as always (4), value: given the tableside service for some items with buffet-styled appys, grilled foods and desserts, you can probably find a better deal at a buffet for $59/person (price includes live entertainment tax, juices and sodas). (2).My hubby's been dying to try this place out for a while so we decided to give it a try. The old school Country Club air can't be beat as the restaurant overlooks the beautifully manicured 18 holed grass golf course. A live band serenades you as you marvel at this green oasis. Service is quiet and efficient which makes the experience all the more enjoyable.That being said, the food just doesn't match up to the promise of its ambience and staff. There are two distinct components: the tableside menu (unlimited ordering) which is prepared a la minute, and the buffet consisting of grilled, cold and dessert items.I asked the hubby what his favourite thing on the cold buffet table. He said that it was the peppercorn encrusted goat cheese with a side of the candied pecans. 'Nuff said when the best thing on the buffet is something that require little to no preparation. (FYI - they did have a plentiful cold seafood bar with fresh oysters, smoked fish, crab and ceviche. That being said, the hubs and I tend to be leery of seafood that's been sitting on a buffet table). We did try the corn chowder but found it too cloyingly sweet.The grill offered many options including brined pork (pretty tasty), shrimp with chipotle sauce (also pretty tasty), roasted corn (tasted the same as the succotash), roasted potatoes (okay), ancho-chile encrusted turkey (dry as hell)and filet of beef (chewier than jerky).We did sample some of the kiddie table items and they were decidedly mediocre. The slider was overly dry while the mac n' cheese was overly watery. (FYI - no fries or potato chips to go with the slider makes this a bit of a bleh! I imagine for the younger set.)Loving pastries, I opted instead for the carb heavy items. Although the croissant was flaky, the danishes pastry did not hold up to the fruit filling. The little muffins were overly dry and unappetizing. The granola lost it's satisfying crunch after sitting too long in the yogurt/berry parfait. Major fail for a continental breakfast fiend like me.Tableside, we ordered the BBQ pulled pork eggs benny, the French Toast Bread pudding, Chicken Paillard, Grilled Hot Dog with a side of corn succotash. The best was the BBQ pork eggs benny - it was literally a messy mouthful of guilty pleasure. Imagine a bacon-onion-cheese biscuit topped with BBQ pulled pork and poached egg. Then top it off with a playful chipotle hollandaise. It was pretty good but sadly the only thing we wanted to finish. All the other items were nothing we would return for sadly (corn succotash = so-so flavours with too much cream, french toast bread pudding = overly dense textural nightmare, chicken paillard = bland, grilled hot dog = dehydrated weenie with no snap and an overly large bun).The nail on the coffin was the dessert table. Of all the desserts, I only wanted a second bite of the La Reve cake - a lovely concoction of chocolate ganache and praline crisp on the bottom. The opera cake was okay. The macaroons, the coconut cream pie, the chocolate eclair...they all had some textural issues especially with the marshmallow topping on the pie.If you consider the AYCE tableside service, this place is a great deal. However given the hit-or-miss quality of the food you're given, it just doesn't quite live up to expectations. A 2.5 -starred review.
2	Stopped in here for a late lunch and had a very indifferent meal. We sat out on the patio overlooking the Wynn Golf Club which was unfortunately closed for maintenance, so we couldn't watch the golfers. We didn't want to order too much, as we had a dinner reservation for later in the day at one of our favourite Las Vegas restaurants (B&B).I had the caesar salad with shrimp, and my wife ordered the cobb salad with lump crab meat. While my salad was a very nice portion, with great caesar dressing and terrific parmesan crisps, the cobb salad set in front of my wife was simply huge! Especially after asking the waiter if the salad would be too big, we were both surprised by the size of the bowl on the table, and more surprising was that the lump crab meat was not good. It seemed to be very old and without flavour. The other ingredients were very good, but overall it was not a winning dish.The Country Club is a great location, but they only scored on one of the two dishes they served us.
2	We had dinner at The Country Club last night.  It started off great with the rich decor and our server was good.  The space is very beautiful and luxurious.  Our sever sold the hell out of the menu, but the food did not deliver his promises.  I ordered a specialty Cilantro and Ginger Margarita.  It was just ok nothing special and I didn't order a second one, it was on the sweet side and tasted like margie mix although I don't think it actually had mix in it.  My husband ordered an old blue eyes which was much better than the margarita and if you love blue berries and drinks on the sweeter side it's a good one.  I ordered the Shrimp and Grits appetizers as my entree and it really was delicious.  However, everyone else ordered steaks and that's where the problems were.   One steak was extremely salty and we had to send it back.  My husbands rib eye was very tough and the third steak was also very salty. For fifty dollars a steak  you expect at least an edible well cooked steak.  We have eaten at steak houses all over the country for years and can honestly say, save your money. Skip the Country Club.  Maybe it is more of a brunch place.  I ordered the peanut butter chocolate cake with peanut butter ice cream for desert and it was just ok, wouldn't order it again  I would eat at Binion's Steak house any day of the week and pay half the price.  The quality of food is way better at Hugo's Cellar or Binion's Steak house.   To sum up, they had good service and decor, disappointing food.  Corn chowder was the highlight, fyi.
2	So I kept hearing so much about the Country Club Grill at the Wynn and I have been extremely eager to dine there for a while. I mean there are murmurs that this place Steve Wynn's favorite place in the hotel so this really has to be a knockout of a place right? You wouldn't waste the view overlooking the entire golf course with something mediocre right? This is the Wynn which is supposed to be the Las Vegas best of the best RIGHT?Sadly wrong on all counts and lets just say I was thoroughly let down. So much so I have turned 2 people away from eating here already. Look if I ruin how I feel about the meal this early in the review you have to know it was just that lackluster...So I made a reservation as it was advised this place can get very busy and it was a Friday afternoon. I walked in and was greeted pleasantly by the team at the front podium and was sat very promptly.  My table was at the glass and no matter where you sit you have a great view of the entire Wynn golf course.  The chairs were even real comfy which was just a great sign that they wanted to think every detail through of your dining experience. Things were looking up, right?Our waiter came and dropped of the menu and an option vegan menu. It took me a second but, then I realized there was no wine or drink menu. I asked the waiter for this and it was brought over in a relatively timely manner. The actual menu is simple and covers pretty much every option you would expect for lunch dining with more than 3 items on it that looked good. When the waiter came back we ordered a nice white wine from France to get things started. This is sadly where things started to slide downhill. The waiter pinged back and forth a few times before I waived him down and gave him my food order (for me tomato & mozzarella salad and the chicken club sandwich). After a while of wondering where my wine was the waiter informed us that they didnt have what was ordered and brought a bottle of something from Oregon and a different varietal. Now let me stop here if I was at the Olive Garden this wouldnt be a big deal but the reputation and more importantly the PRICE of this place means they are held to a higher standard. The bottle was declined and I asked for an alternate on the menu. The waiter seemed confused. The wine list isnt very long so knowing whats on it should not be that hard.Now the first course came out (salad for me and soup for my companion) and I was eager to try the food. Sadly another let down as my salad was just bland. I had to waive down the waiter for salt as there was none on the table. So up until this point if you read my review you might think I was real picky and just kind of a harsh critic but, really what it comes down to is again at this price level you have certain expectations and they were being dragged down in a very fast fashion. Finally the wine was brought out and I was able to enjoy it alongside my food. And that is when my waiter disappeared for about 15 minutes. So whenever I ran out of wine I had to reach over and do it myself.The main course came out from the kitchen which looked amazing and we were still having to constantly refill our own wine. Now the chicken sandwich had a real good flavor of well cooked chicken, the sauces, and the soft bread. Really this was the only positive part of the meal and its saving grace for me. My dining companion ordered an item off the vegan menu (a mushroom napoleon)  and was unfortunately let down by the flavor.I really cant tell you how much I wanted to like this place and maybe thats why I am so let down. Sub par service and so so food make this place a must skip as far as I am concerned. Wish that wasnt the case!
5	I've been to the Country Club twice on my trips to Vegas.  One time was for dinner for a bachelorette party.  They offered pre-fixe menus which help with a large group of 10+ girls.  The food for dinner was great and the pre-fixe menu was a great value to the amount of food that you get.  The quality of the food is really good as well. The most surprising part of this place was the Sunday brunch.  I recently went back with a friend who convinced us that we had to try their Sunday buffet brunch.  I'm not typically a fan of buffets since they are overpriced and the quality of the food is terrible but we kept an open mind when trying out this place. They have live jazz music on Sundays and amazing views of the golf course.  Once we sat down for the brunch, the waiter came over to us to explain that they also have a menu where you can order smaller dishes to try Poached Eggs with Barbecue Pork over a Muffin (which was freaking amazing!).  You can pretty much order as many of the smaller dishes as much as you want.  Once we went to the buffet line, they offered king crab legs, shrimp (about the size of my fist!), and oysters.  Just eating their seafood alone, made us full.  They also offered filet mignon, sausages, this amazing pork loin (which was one of the best that I've ever had), and turkey. Their selection of desserts was large as they had small bite-sized options.  They also had this wonderful mac and cheese and fruit salad!  Their fruit salad was amazing and it was just fruit!  Everything was high quality and the taste was delicious!  My husband and I were pleasantly surprised that a buffet lunch could be so amazing and all for around $50 per person (including tax and tip).  Definitely well-worth it and I will be going again the next time I'm in Vegas!
4	Yes it carries a $59 price tag but it's definitely an experience worth partaking once in Las Vegas. This is not your typical brunch buffet. You can get those at the World of Buffets for unlimited breakfast, lunch and dinner. This is an experience. It really breaks down to what do you value for your money. Is it food alone or can ambiance be a deciding factor. For me, it's the whole experience. I enjoy buffets. I enjoy making a reservation. I enjoy being seated on time for my reservation. I enjoy the extra attention from the wait staff. I enjoy the option of ordering off a menu during my buffet. I enjoy live music and great customer service. And finally, I enjoy scrumptious food. So why only 4 stars? Not much variety for the buffet. Just Prawns. Large large prawns.
4	Yes it carries a $59 price tag but it's definitely an experience worth partaking once in Las Vegas. This is not your typical brunch buffet. You can get those at the World of Buffets for unlimited breakfast, lunch and dinner. This is an experience. It really breaks down to what do you value for your money. Is it food alone or can ambiance be a deciding factor. For me, it's the whole experience. I enjoy buffets. I enjoy making a reservation. I enjoy being seated on time for my reservation. I enjoy the extra attention from the wait staff. I enjoy the option of ordering off a menu during my buffet. I enjoy live music and great customer service. And finally, I enjoy scrumptious food. So why only 4 stars? Not much variety for the buffet. Just Prawns. Large large prawns. Edit Remove
4	Unfortunately, we made the mistake of not making a reservation for dinner. After trying a coupe of other restaurants in the Wynn, we were able to get seats here. And by seats, I don't mean a table - we sat at the bar.The bartender, though, was fantastic. Probably the best bartender service, when it comes to having a full meal at a bar, that I've ever experienced. She was able to make recommendations, really knew the menu and wine list, was great at spacing the courses, etc.For my meal, I started with the caesar salad. It was quite sizable. But it wasn't really anything remarkable, especially for the price. It was made well and the dressing was ok. The standout was the one triangle parmesan crisp.For an entree, I had the 9 oz. filet mignon with bernaise sauce and cajun shrimp added. Hint: The sauces are not listed on the menu, but they do offer both a bordelaise and a bernaise sauce. The steak was done perfectly and had a very nice crust on the outside. The bernaise sauce was fantastic. And the shrimp were absolutely divine. Seriously some of the best shrimp I have had anywhere in Vegas.After all of that, there was absolutely no room for dessert. And while I knew the meal wasn't going to be cheap (and, of course, the prices were on the menu), I did suffer from a bit of sticker shock upon seeing the check. For just my part of the meal, it was $120. Now, while I loved my meal, I don't think I loved it $120 worth.Overall, the decor and ambiance are nice, if not a little Southern and male. It definitely feels like a very upscale country club straight out of somewhere in the deep South. Since I was there in the evening, I couldn't see anything but darkness outside of the windows.I would definitely be interested in trying out lunch or brunch here. It is overpriced, but the total experience is good and the food is yummy.
5	The Country Club simply isnt just going out for diner, this is what they are talking about when you go for a dining "experience". The location of the Club is at one of the far end wings of the Wynn that over looks a gorgeous golf course and waterfall, the interior is sharp and refined and very well manicured and is a perfect setting for a brunch which i certainly will partake in very soon. Seated quickly with an 8:30pm reservation i was surprised to see that the entire dining room was full but is a great indicator that the food is worth the price tag  that some others are mentioning. The entrees that hit my table this night were the Sea Bass, Free Range Chicken, and a Red Snapper special all of which were very well prepared and portioned in a way to make sure you will not be leaving hungry from this location (ala Eiffel Tower Restaurant). Entrees were served with nice accenting sides for example my chicken came with the mushroom bread pudding that i could have eaten a whole bowl of personally. Im not a big fan of dining at a location where everything is a'la carte like many higher end restaurants so this sides were a big plus. But there are also additional sides that can be ordered to have along side your already amazing meal and i will say that these small dishes are just as incredible as your entrees. I dont even like grits and the shrimp and grits i used bread to clean my dish, the succotash made with smoked bacon was ridiculous and had such a great flavor from that smokiness. Every time a new plate hit the table i couldnt wait to try it because i was confident that it would be exceptional. Dessert, whoa! there were two one being a chocolate nutella cake of sorts that i cant even remember what it was called but man was is rich but incredibly good and the perfect way to end a meal. Followed with something i never had before Beignet's with a creamy caramel sauce, came with 6 of them, light and fluffy and just a touch of sweetness. What i meal! The chef has put together a fantastic well rounded menu here and the management obviously has a great team behind them to offer service that is second to few on the Vegas strip. If your going to splurge a little on a dining experience you will remember for time to come dont hesitate to give the Country Club a look you will not be disappointed.
5	For the "TL;DR" people, I'll keep this short.This restaurant is the classiest place I have ever been to. I do not recall my trip as it was four years ago but this place stands out very clearly. This restaurant has earned its reputation of being a great place to eat for its service, quality of food, atmosphere, and its ability to overlook its rule on dress requirements (I walked in and felt like I was Jed Clampett since I was the only one wearing a tank top and shorts whereas the rest of the customers were wearing suits). To say the food is pricy is an understatement; it is my understanding that the waiter I had for that evening was putting his kids through college on this job based mainly on the tips. What I had to eat there was the steak (I cannot recall the specific menu item or the ounces) and it beat out every kind of food that has ever entered my pallet. It was tenderized and seasoned perfectly, and so I would assume for every dish that came out of the kitchen. The dessert I had (again I cannot remember the item) was essentially an explosion of flavor and melted chocolate. Before coming here make sure you have the money or have just won big time at the slots or tables located not far away. If you want high quality food prepared with class, eat here.
4	We have been wanting to try the Jazz Brunch for quite awhile, and we were not disappointed.  We had a lovely view of the grounds from our seats.  Our server was attentive and helpful.  I liked that you could order off a select menu, as well as enjoying the buffet.  Loved the huge shrimp on the buffet (wow!) and the amazing desserts.  I think I tried 6 different desserts (my pregnant body loved each bite).  We loved the shrimp and grits off the menu.  We will be back on another stay at the Wynn.
5	We have eaten here twice, once for a wedding and the second time was just the two of us on our next trip. The steak is ultimately what brought us back for the second time; it is the best steak I have ever had and they managed to get it perfect twice.The atmosphere is fantastic, very comfortable but still elegant. We had dinner reservations and were seated as soon as we arrived. We sat in the dining room where the bar is also located. I love that they do not have tables stacked on top of each other, the space in between made it feel like we were the only people in there. Please keep in mind that this is a 5 star restaurant......It is pretty expensive, especially when you start adding on for drinks and an appetizer....this restaurant is not only about the food, it is a dining experience. They want you to sit, relax and enjoy everything. Some of the reviewers were upset because they waited 30 minutes for their food. Seriously! Slow down and enjoy the moment, the view and the one you're with. This is not Denny's!
4	When we finally checked in at Encore I gathered up the group to go to the Country Club! First, I really wanted to the see the golf course (it's located on the 18th hole) and was kind of bummed that I didn't bring my clubs. Second, I always like good Clubhouse food!The restaurant was fairly empty considering it was late lunch and the patio outside was closed due to high winds. :(We ordered the Shrimp Cocktail to start and I loved it! Jumbo Shrimp with classic sauce mixed in with horseradish. This is a must! Very fresh!For the main meal we ordered two burgers: a black angus sirloin and a smoked chipotle. Both came with parmesan truffle chips.Now the burgers were both very rich and tasty. Would i say it was the best burger I've ever had? Not quite sure. I munched on the chips, but my friends really wanted the french fries. I guess they didn't realize you could substitute...My chopped salad with "light dressing" came with peppers, which I tend to dislike since childhood. The strange thing is that they never mentioned them on the menu. So after they fixed my order fairly quickly I realized my salad went from "light" dressing no almost no dressing at all! I had to ask for extra on the side. Overall I enjoyed this restaurant. The service was OK because I think we had 20 different waiters serve out table so it was a little confusing on who exactly to ask. I would come back here and try a few other things!
5	The Jazz Brunch here on Sunday's is awesome and if you're a brunch fan you have to visit this place. Everything is super fresh and the ingredients do no disappoint. Try to go on a nice day and sit on the patio. You get a great view of the 18th hole and the waterfall at the Wynn Golf Course.
4	Superb service, high quality and artistic dishes, and a great view overlooking the golf course (that costs $500 per person to play). My family and I came here for brunch while visiting. Our waiter was humorous and knowledgable about the food. I had the Egg Versailles: poached eggs, smoked salmon, caviar. Poached Eggs with Barbecue Smoked Pork, Parmesan Crusted Free Range Chicken, Australian Kobe Beef Carpaccio, Seared Hawaiian Tuna Salad, Red Kuri Squash Soup were some of the other dishes my family members ordered. Definitely recommend the Kobe Beef Carpaccio, my mouth is watering just thinking about it. Everything here is delicious. Solid 4 stars.
3	We went to The Country Club tonight for my happy birthday dinner.  I have hosted a dinner party at this restaurant in the past and heard nothing but great reviews from my guests.  We tried it tonight because they now offer vegan and vegetarian options which we are (myself, vegan and my husband, vegetarian).  When making the reservation, we told the CSR about our dietary restrictions and thought the information would be passed on.  Once seated, we were given the regular menu and stopped the waiter mid-sentence when he was talking about the meat specials.  We were given the correct menu and ordered an appetizer, entree and side so we could try a little bit of everything.  The appetizer came sans cream since it was not vegan, which I questioned.  The entrees showed up and were a very nice portion.  However, the asparagus was really stringy and woody.  It seemed that the rough end was not trimmed off.  My meal was good, but like the rating indicates, I've experienced better.  The crispy fried yucca were good, i would order them again.  Our waiter was friendly and knowledgable.  Even though he was not vegan, you could tell that he made an effort to understand the dietary request and didn't look at us like we were crazy, which is what most restaurant staff in Vegas do when you ask them for a vegan option.I so appreciate the Wynn and Encore for supporting vegans and vegetarians at each of their restaurants so for that I give the experience 5 stars.  My suggestion is that rather then having the customer ask for the veggie menu, it could be offered right away, just like water.Thanks for reading this review.
2	I came here for lunch and I wasn't really impressed with the service here, which should have been top notch given the price.  The server completely forgot one of our dishes and didn't even bother to apologize.  The dish came out well after we were done with our meals and all we got was a, "Here you go!"  And we still got charged for it.Drink refills were weird, too.  The servers would refill one drink at the table at a time.  About every ten minutes or so, one lucky winner at our table would get a refill.  Not sure what was up with that system.Other strangeness - they let in one of those salespeople who normally come door-to-door with the mangled up laminated cards.  He went table-to-table asking for money for something.  I think eventually someone realized what was going on and kicked him out.  But really, that should not even happen at a restaurant much less one of this supposed caliber.The food was ok, nothing special.  I had the Country Club sandwich which was just a typical panini-type chicken sandwich that came with truffle potato chips that tasted like regular, old potato chips.  You have to spend $5 more to get french fries.  Overall, pretty disappointed with this place as I had heard good things.
5	You put the terms Wynn Hotel and Country Club in the same sentence and you're virtually guaranteed  something spectacular.  No less the case for my vegetarian girlfriend (I know, in a steakhouse at that!) and I when we had an early dinner there in advance of the Garth Broooks concert.  Some may say we were excited about the concert and any place would have been spectacular, but it's easy enough to separate the top shelf service in the restaurant and the awesome show Mr. Brooks put on.We passed on an appetizer since most had meat in them and I really wanted to save myself for some main course red meat.  As an avowed fitness FANatic, I try to portion my beef intake throughout the week.  If I could only eat one piece of red meat in a MONTH, it would be the Rib Chop (bone-in) as recommended by Ryan, our attentive and informative head waiter.  Medium has never been so tasty nor has it looked as appealing as this dish did.  Perfectly grilled and if there was a rub or marinate, I couldn't tell as it was as naturally delicious as it could be.  This cut is not meant to fall apart in your mouth, but it was marbled and cut perfectly from the first bite to the very last temtation to pick up the remaining bone and do it like a goood redneck that I am.  For sides I chose the grilled asparagus in olive oil and garlic whipped potatos.  Not so much a fan of the asparagus.  Don't get me wrong, it was tasty enough but the stalks were about half the diameter of a writing pencil.  I guess I was expecting something along the lines that I enjoyed at Morton's The Steakhouse previously.  Nevertheless, the potatos were like sipping on flavored clouds.  They were light, tasty and did not last long between the two of us.  Definitely would do these again.My veggie partner chose the Steve Wynn special vegan menu and selected the "Steak Salad".   No kidding.  Vegan Gardein steak salad; succulent (that even a meat eater might mistake for "real meat" gardein; heirloom tomatos, fingerling potatos sat in a base of light bleu cheese vinegrette and topped with shoestring fried onions.  Mountainous plateful of pure Y U M M Y!  A complete vegan entree on a plate at a table overlooking the golf course and cascading waterfall.I won't begin to try to remember the name of desert, also recommended by Ryan, but maybe someone will recognize the description.  It seemed like a gently deep fried pasty with melted chocolate in the center.  Forewarned to bite with a closed mouth less a chocolate spout erupt from loose lips, this was an awesome way to end a completely satisfying experience.  As a local, I can see revisits to try some of the other interesting dishes and perhaps I'll remember what desert is next time.
2	The front desk hosts are beyond ice cold, subzero, UNFRIENDLY.  We have always had good service from the waiters though. The food is outstanding, they use quality ingredients & make simple dishes really special. We did have a manager hovering over at one lunch and made us uncomfortable. She made it very clear she wanted our table to turn(the place was empty). We called to complain and got no response.
3	All in all Country Club is what is expected for this price point in Vegas. This is a favorite of my family members that live in the area so I have been a few times now. I have found the service and food to be consistently good and though the menu is not very creative the staples they do offer are tasty and high-quality.This last visit my date and I split a ceasar salad (good and definitely big enough to share) and foie gras for appetizers. The it was the rack of lamb and a fillet for our dinners. Both were excellent, but I must say my portion of lamb was HUGE and I could not even finish half of it. No desert this time around (curse you, giant rack of lamb!) but all the deserts I have had in the past were excellent.
4	The best things about this restaurant are the service and the views. I was meeting people for lunch and several hosts met me, and directed to the table (A+ for them). We sat outside and even though it was February, the heat lamps kept us warm. The tables are not squished together so you can have nice conversations.I had a Cobb salad, it was okay - but I wish they could add just a few things to their lunch menu. Also, some VOSS sparkling water would be great. I would go again.
4	We visited the Sunday Jazz Brunch and were not disappointed! Meats, seafood, carved items, and desserts are served buffet style, and you can order a variety of dishes from the menu.  Dishes are individually prepared, and you can order as many of them as you like.  Service was very good, and everything I sampled was delicious. We had a beautiful view of the golf course and waterfall, and the jazz band played softly in the background. While the price point is rather high ($60 pp), it is worth it for the seafood alone. The shrimp are huge, crab is split, oysters are shucked before your eyes.  The beef tenderloin was melt in your mouth tender, and the sea bass ceviche was refreshing.   My favorite dishes were the Bread Pudding French Toast (I could have eaten this all day- I got 2 orders), and the corn chowder. The chef advised me on how to prepare it, and it was simply delicious.  We also sampled the Shrimp & Grits and the Beef Hot Dog (it had a fancier name than that).  The grits were a creamier texture than I was used to, but oh so good.My one complaint is that beverages are no longer included in the price. We didn't get cocktails, but $6 for a small juice adds up quickly. True, the juice was freshly squeezed, but yikes! My husband tried the watermelon juice, but didn't care for it. He sent it back after only a sip, and it was still on the bill. Not a major gripe, but something we noticed.
4	It is in the Wynn, so expect expect greatness! We went for the Sunday jazz brunch (make reservations) and we were promptly seated outside on the golf course. It is a little different as far as buffets go...there is an actual buffet with food and you also get your pick of what is on the brunch menu. The menu items are prepared seperately and all of them are top notch. If you love grits, you must try them here. The food at the Wynn is remarkable, but equally as impressive is how you truly feel like you are on a country club golf course and not in Sin City. From where I sat, I did not see anything that would indicate that I was in Vegas...except the guy next to us who was wearing head to toe Ed Hardy. There is a "jazz" band advertised, but the time we went it was more of a bluegrass jazz band. The waiter was quick and knowledgeable. It is not a cheap place to dine, but if you have it, I suggest you spend it here...especially on a Sunday afternoon.
4	the menu at the country club looked so delectable that i knew i wanted to try it while i was in vegas.  since the prices were kinda steep, i made sure to go for lunch on a saturday.  for the first time, i had the prime rib sandwich and it was delicious.  i really do have a weakness for almost anything topped with fried, crispy onions.  my dish also came with a side of parmesan truffle potato crisps that were very well seasoned; the taste of the parmesan and tuffle oil really came through.all in all, a great place if you're looking for a not-so-rowdy meal to catch up with an old friend.
5	Such a nice place to hang out and watch the holders below. The servers were great and the drinks were even better! We didn't eat there, but by the looks of it, everything looked so good! And it seemed everyone was ordering the burger on the menu. We came around brunch, it wasn't to busy at all and we got a sat at the bar right away! by. Bf and I will be back verrryyyyy soon!! Such a great restaurant/ bar!!
5	From the view of the waterfall and golf course to the food this place is hands down the best. We did the Sunday Jazz brunch and had everything from shrimp and grits, to pork loin and ceviche! Everything was amazing. The jazz band was beyond belief!!!
4	Went for the Sunday Jazz brunch. The atmosphere is great and the jazz band was nice. The food was great but took a little too long. The service could have been better. I don't like having to repeat myself more than once when asking for something.
5	Ok here we go. I am hyper critical so here goes!  This place is a phenomenal place!  Don't be misled by the name. Ambience:  lovely. View of the golf course and waterfall. But you don't need the view the food is unbelievable. Move  over Thomas Keller and Grant Achatz. I opted for the chefs taste of New Orleans   Wow. Wow. Textures and flavors that will delight your taste buds. The presentation is creative. A hot jumbo lump crab cake on a plate that looks like a sheet of ice!  Nice. Value: Bargain. $95 for the chefs taste after eating here I would have paid twice the amount!I.  If I could make this six stars I would. In fact the siixth star would be Merrie my sever. She not only knows the food but the fine nuances of the food. You must ask for her by name. I overheard the waiter at the table next to me. Enough said ask for Merrie and you will have a six star meal!The chef came out and introduced himself(rare). The food was so outstanding I  could not stop raving about every course. Thank you Merrie for the honor of meeting Chef Carlos  Guia. Another treat!Almost forgot about the wine. I did two flights. The white $21 three generous pours and the red flight $28  beginning with the crab cake. The pinot noir was perfect starter in the red department. I would highly recommend the wine flights. I have been called a wine snob but these two flights were perfect for the chefs menu. Dont  miss this place I rarely rave about a restaurant this is a must. A meal you never want to end!
5	Had our anniversary dinner here and we had a very nice view of the waterfalls and golf course. They even seated us a little away from the larger group tables so we had a cozy dinner for two.  Service was great and the filet mignon was melt in your mouth good :) wagyu beef was also very yummy.  A memorable way to spend time with your sweetheart.
4	Incredible ambiance and gracious service to go with a perfectly prepared meal.
5	Absolutely sublime. One of the best places I have ever eaten at, and that's saying something. Atmosphere, service, food...it all works.We showed up early for 8:30 reservations and were seated immediately. Foregoing wine (since we had come directly from Parasol Up) we ordered cocktails and appetizers to start. The wife had a martini, while I had an Island Mule, which was basically a Moscow Mule with rum instead of vodka. Both were large and delicious. The appetizers were as well. I had the selection of heirloom tomatoes with a basalmic reduction, while the wife had the crab cake with aoili. We shared liberally and were quite pleased. For entrees, she had the free-range chicken, while I opted for the chili-rubbed flat-iron Wagyu steak. As a side, we split the bacon/corn concoction.What can I say? That steak was one of the best things I've ever put in my mouth. The side was delicate and unbelieveably flavorful. The bacon didn't overpower the garden-fresh corn at all. The chicken was good as well, but what can you really do with chicken?For dessert, we decided on the ice cream trio and Grand Marnier Cuvee di Cent Cinquantenaire. Chocolate, vanilla and peanut butter ice creams and one of the most generous pours of GM I've ever seen. The perfect end to a perfect meal. It helped that it was a Wednesday, which means the place was very lightly attended.Go here. Eat here. Forget what it costs. Just do it!
1	Never been here, but was charged for a hot dog, burger and 2 diet cokes on my room.  Never even heard of this place until I called Wynn to see why I was charge $$.  I was told I ate at the Country Club Grill. Had to google this place.  I'm upset at the lack of security and check at this restaurant.  Now I'm sitting here trying to dispute the charges because the restaurant didn't check ID and allowed random people to charge to my room/credit card. I don't even eat hot dogs and rarely burgers. I was at encore beach club the entire saturday afternoon when the meal was charged. Will never go to this restaurant. ever. Horrible.
5	Great service, delicious food.
5	My honey and I came here for lunch and it was great! I requested a table outside overlooking the golf course and waterfall, but it started to rain and we had to sit inside but we still had a great view. If anything is a must on the menu, the bbq burger definitely is. The patty was huge, the bacon was unreal, and the bbq sauce was subtle, yet very flavorful. I am definitely coming back so I can sit outside with that beautiful view and have another one of those delicious burgers!! I'm sure it would be great for dinner, as well.
5	Fabulous Sunday Brunch! The staff was friendly and attentive (although our server disappeared for long periods of time).  Great experience and I would definitely go back. Request to sit inside on particularly hot days.
4	I came here w/ a party of 2 for a late Saturday brunch & there was no wait.  I'd definitely recommend this place for the impatient like myself, since I can't stand to be in line at Grand Luxe or Bouchon.  I ordered the Poached Eggs w/ Smoked BBQ Pork and it completely hit the spot for me.  The pork was tender, and the BBQ sauce had just the right amount of sweetness & tangy-ness to it.  The poached egg was also cooked perfectly w/ the right amount of runny yolk and the hollandaise sauce was not too heavy.  My favorite part was the bacon baked biscuit it came on! The restaurant offers a beautiful view of the Wynn country club & golf course...I want to come back sometime when it's not over 100 degrees so I can sit outside & take advantage of the scenery!
4	The Country Club is the best place to have brunch on the strip...If you want to get away from the commotion of the strip and enjoy a good meal you should definitely check this place out. If you want the commotion bring your friends and enjoy the food.I had the Eggs Versailles along with a side of grits and a mimosa. The Eggs Versailles was really good, honestly probably the best I've ever had. The grits were just ok, the mimosa was strong. I will definitely be back when I return to Vegas.I sat at the bar and the service was great. This place is as expensive as you would expect a restaurant looking over a golf course off the strip to be, but it's Vegas.
2	Not great. We went here for Sunday jazz brunch expecting something spectacular, we were highly disappointed! The food wasn't very good or at least not up to the standard they set for themselves. The buffet was probably the smallest I've seen especially in Vegas. The selection was boring and again small. You walk in and literally touching the hostess stand is the start of the buffet. It goes around this area that encloses the band (jazz). There is a very small fruit selection. No salad. There is shrimp, salmon, mussels and a few dipping sauces. Then you turn the corner and there is a soup, Mac and cheese, mini burgers, some kind of cooked spinach with sun-dried tomatoes and then a carving station. The meats are pretty good, but nothing else is. Then you turn the corner for the dessert. The desserts aren't very good at all. Rather dry and flavorless. We then say down to an additional menu where each item is made (assembled) to order. I ordered one of each just to try them. Nothing was,again, very good. The bacon was over cooked and must have been cooked off hours ago (it was 1030 and the place opens at 10). The eggs were under cooked and slimy. The French toast was pretty good. It came with a carmely sauce. The guy told me the orange juice was fresh squeezed... No it wasn't!  It cost a party of four $300 for brunch. It was a waste of money! I would rather have brunch anywhere else. I know it isn't the big buffet they have so I was expecting the best of the best the Wynn could offer for a buffet and was sadly disappointed! Steer clear of this place!!
4	When we made brunch reservations at Country Club, I had no idea what it would be like. I had walked through the restaurant a couple of years ago (or whatever was in the space then) and knew it had a striking view of the golf course. Therefore, being a big fan of atmosphere, I knew brunch there would be great. I was right.It was a Sunday New Orleans-style brunch buffet. We were seated immediately due to our reservation, which felt really good as we walked by the loooooooong lines for the regular Wynn Buffet and casual dining restaurant.ATMOSPHERE: I love the atmosphere - it really does feel like the country club brunch somewhere else. The view from the patio/windows is of the waterfall and greenery of the Wynn golf course - very nice. The Sunday brunch was accompanied by fantastic live music, which added to the fun, bright morning feel.FOOD: The food was delicious. During the brunch, you can order off of the regular menu and/or eat from the buffet. The New Orleans buffet (not sure if this is a regular Sunday occurrence or a special event) was heavy on oysters, shrimp, etc., but if that isn't your thing, there is plenty else to dine on. The desserts are extensive - so be sure to save room. The shrimp and grits is good, but very heavy, of course.DRINKS: Bottomless mimosas is what our table went with - yum. But, not worth the $35 price tag if you aren't going to be there for a while.SERVICE: Our server was excellent - treated us well for our birthdays, explained the entire brunch process to us, and had a generally upbeat attitude for a Sunday morning. And, of course, other servers were more than happy to take a group photo from the patio with the waterfall in the background.TIPS: Make a reservation. Don't purchase the bottomless mimosa unless you and your dining buddies are going to be there a long time. Consider sitting at the bar with friends for bottomless mimosas if there's a football game on TV you are wanting to watch. If the weather is cool, ask to sit on the patio - don't try it if it's really hot. If you are having a birthday, free gelato is the treat (yum!). Be sure to take a photo of your group from the patio with the waterfall in the background.
3	I came here a year ago and had the best meal I had ever had.  This time around was a different story.  The filet was good, but not great.  At a price of $54 for the steak, I expected much better.  The service was even worse.  It wasn't busy at all, but yet the waiter seemed overwhelmed.  We expected the food to take awhile to come out, especially at this type of restaurant, but it took FOREVER for the food.  dinner lasted 4 1/2 hours.  Three hours is pushing it normally, but 4 1/2 hours is unacceptable.I am willing to give the restaurant one more chance, maybe they just had an off night.  However, if things haven't changed, I will not be back.
5	A MUST GO for lunch/ breakfast in Vegas! Especially if you're staying at The Wynn or Encore. First of all, it provides an air of class and sophistication that I previously thought could not be found in Vegas, where everything is just a tawdry veneer. Second, the food is AMAZING. Highly recommend the cherry chicken sausage with eggs. Fantastic service too. An amazing experience. Be sure to book reservations ahead of time because it gets crowded. If you're staying at The Wynn or Encore, book with concierge.
3	Another average high priced restaurant at the Wynn.  We came here for breakfast and we were greeted with direct sunlight on the porch.  If they only extended the shades another 6 feet - this would have taken care of the issue.We had the Omelet and Pork - they both tasted O.K. What you're paying for here is the scenery.  Beautiful golf course with a large waterfall.
5	I would have to say this is one of the best brunches I have ever been to.  Went there for my bff's bday.  We were a group of several women sitting at a table right in front of the band and the buffet.  The food is amazing.  Not sure why there would be ANY negative reviews about their brunch! Our favorites were the crab legs and shrimp with grits.  I also loved the tenderloin ....went back for seconds.  We had the unlimited champagne, which that morning we chose a Prosecco (they were also offering a Rose).  The band was so much fun...the guys were a blast to watch and added to the atmosphere.  We took pictures with them after brunch at our table and also on the patio.  I highly recommend the country club for special occasions, but come with the intention of spending a few hours there to take full advantage of the unlimited champagne and the wonderful entertainment...Excellent service and highly attentive waiters. Looking forward to taking my husband there next time.
3	This burger needs better cheese!It's a nice place (the view!) and I came here for lunch thinking 'this place, this place will be able to make me a burger' They were NOT. They were not that place.  It was overcooked and the cheese sucked and I got up and said **** this **** and threw the table over. No, not really.  I just chalked it up to another overpriced place in Vegas.  A shame really, I was really impressed when the burger showed up. The fries were good?
5	I had seen some awesome reviews and was dying to try the Sunday brunch. I booked a reservation online and noted the birthday celebration and a request for a view. Usually when I book online, my requests are never even noticed. As soon as we walked in and gave our name, the hostess asked if we still wanted to be seated outside. The weather was great so we did and the view is really nice. The brunch is pretty cool with a couple different stations and an entree menu of egg dishes and made to order cooked items. The buffet is small but everything is delicious and very nicely done. The seafood section had ceviche, shrimp and crab. There were a couple of soups including gumbo and a really great mac and cheese. The carving section had beef tenderloin, brown sugar pork chops, and andouille (which I love). There was also a cajun grilled shrimp that was delicious. There were also mini danishes, croissants, and a homemade granola parfait. The desserts were wonderful- strawberry shortcake, a raspberry panna cotta, macarons, and some chocolate items I didn't get a chance to try. Just when I thought I was too stuffed to eat anything else, our awesome server showed up carrying a mango sorbet with a candle in it! They actually read all the notes on the reservation! To top it off, the server Abdul was amazing and helpful. The whole staff was extremely attentive; our water was always full and someone was always opening the door for us. I know they serve lunch so I will definitely be back!!!
4	definitely a fan of the place for brunch.  Wonderful food, good drinks (expensive, but good).  Great few.  Service was so-so, could be better, otherwise it would be a 5 for us.
4	When I stay at Wynn or Encore I try to get to this place for lunch.  It has a great view after long night in casino you can relax and enjoy the great view, food, and service.  The old days of cheap food in Vegas are gone if you want good food you're going to pay top dollar.  What happen to Switch it's gone at Encore for what they paid to have that place built, only in Vegas.
4	A bit stuffy, though views of golf course, are green & blush. Lunchtime Burger, is mighty delicious.
2	Came here with a party of 8. The place has a very modern look to it, not really what I expected a country club to look like.I ordered the wagyu steak and found it to be overwhelmingly salty. Everyone in our group that ordered steak was disappointed. Those who ordered the lobster found it to be quite good.The side of mashed potatoes was good, but small. I also got a side of mushrooms which was pretty decent.For $150/person I expected a lot more.
1	I went here on a Tuesday night to try out their new happy hour. I was told at the door that the happy hour was not on Tuesdays even though I had called the week before and was told that happy hour was every day of the week. The waiters couldn't even recommend another restaurant for us to go to. We were pissed that we drove all the way down to The Strip to try a new place, after believing we had already confirmed the correct information for dining there. So we got back in our car and drove all the way back to Summerlin to Laredo at Tivoli Village, for what I'm sure was a better restaurant than what the Country Club would have been. We won't be going back to the Wynn anytime soon.
5	I went here with my Dad and two uncles this past Friday during my first trip to Las Vegas and it was easily the best meal of the weekend. Everything we ordered was excellent. My Dad and I had the prime rib chop, one of my uncles had a butterflied NY strip, and the other had the gumbo and chunks of the rib chop from both my Dad and I. They also ordered salads as appetizers, which came in huge bowls and were said to be very good. The highlight of the night, however, was the rib chop. It was perfectly charred, extremely flavorful, and melted in your mouth. The sides we ordered were good as well: roasted potatoes, creamed spinach, mashed potatoes, and wild mushrooms.  Food aside, the view from the outside seating area alone makes this place really special. I've never had as good a view while eating dinner as I had at the Country Club. The view of the 18th hole of the Wynn course with the waterfall behind the green made for a very picturesque scene. I played the course the next day and it was an awesome layout with stunning views and very lush grass.Our waitress, Mary, was top notch. The way she described the food could make you want to order everything due to the saliva-induced thoughts of how good they would be. She answered all of our questions and routinely checked in on us to see how we were doing. We had told her in passing that it was one of my uncle's birthday the following Sunday and she brought out two desserts on the house! One was a cheesecake with a raspberry glaze on top in a small cup, and the other was a chocolate mousse cake. I couldn't manage a bite because I was too full from dinner, but my Dad and uncles enjoyed both of them and polished them off. All four of us loved this place and had a great time dining here. We will deinitely eat here again if we ever make our way back to Las Vegas, and we will make sure to request Mary as our waitress because she did an excellent job.
5	What a hidden, clazzy (that's class + snazz), Vegas gem! I stubbled upon their very-newly-established happy hour and am so glad I did! A new addition to the C-Club offerings, from 5-7PM Wed-Sat, the place was nearly empty last Wednesday when we waltzed inside. A bit underdressed (by my standards), I was happy that we were greeted by a smiling hostess who quickly seated us at the bar. The two 'tenders were fun and not at all stuffy like you'd think one might encounter at this beautiful spot overlooking the 19th hole. (The bartender resembling Christina Applegate was especially sweet to us over the couple hours we were here.)During HH, the bar offers Cruzan Light Rum or Skyy Vodka cocktails for $7 in addition to specialty cocktails, $7-$8, and select beers, $4. Small bites are priced from $3.50 - $8 and shared plates start at $18.No details were overlooked. My happy hour cocktail selection was a little boring, so I decided to go with a safe bet follow-up (for me, at least) - a French 75 (definitely not on the HH menu - but I didn't care). It fizzed perfectly and the sweetness of the champagne was apparent through the gin; perfect.The goat cheese-stuffed peppers (on the HH menu) were delicious, though very small.The service here sets it apart. Of all the Strip spots we chose to venture in to this past week, I wrote about the Country Club first. So, that should show where it stands with me - right at the top!Can't wait to return on my next Vegas excursion!
3	This review is of the Jazz Sunday Brunch.Pros:  The food that we had was very good, everything was of good quality, it was enjoyable, and we were allowed to go back as much as we wanted and take as long as we wanted.  We ended up staying about 2 hours.  It was too hot to sit on the patio but a server took a lovely picture of my husband and I by the waterfall.Cons:  Service was harried, especially at the beginning.  We waited a long time for anyone to greet us.  The actual buffet selection is rather small and I really didn't care for the desserts at all.  Oh and I found a vein in one of my shrimp.  The cost has gone up to $65/pp since I made our reservation and I don't think we would have gone if it had been the higher price.Overall, I'm glad I did it once but wouldn't go back.  It was good, not fabulous and for those prices, it needs to be.
5	I love this place.  My son took me to the Country Club, in the Wynn, for Mother's Day Jazz Sunday Brunch.  The food was fabulous, the service impeccable - and the jazz was really good!  What a great place to go for a special day!!!!
5	This place is a great place for lunch and to have business meetings. If you can, sit outside. The view of the Golf Course is beautiful. Steve Wynn knows how to do everything right. The food and service is excellent, classy place. Here was our order:Apps: Organic Golden Beet "Carpaccio", Australian Wagyu Beef Carpaccio- Both were delicious and the Beets were very refreshing.Entree: Tossed Cobb Salad, Prime Sirloin Steakhouse Salad- Both salads were great. They were crisp and had the freshest ingredients. The steak was seasoned to perfection.It was a very healthy, light but filling lunch. Would love to go back and try the dinner options.
5	Chef is truly a master of his craft, and his dishes are certainly his mona lisas. It is more than you could expect from a five star, five diamond restaurant. The key take away of the experience here is how much you have to take in the food you eat and appreciate the dimensions, texture, presentation, and service of their food. It'll truly move you, and your perception of food will never be the same. My experience was unforgettable, and even after such a late review I still remember down to the last detail about the food, the taste, the experience, and the service. From the moment you walk in, you're greeted by your hostess with great grace in their strides. They escort you to your white table napkin seating, open your chair with great poise, and lay down your napkin on your lap. My seating was amazing. Special. What makes it special is that there is only ONE seating area with the perfect view, and with a special area special only has ONE. The view of the course and the waterfall was amazing in the evening, and i surely can't blame all the guests for fighting over it. Charlie was our waiter. He knows his food, and his knowledge of their offerings is quite impressive. His suggestions tailor to your taste, and how he profiles you so quickly is impeccable. He was quirky, charming, and had a wonderful sense of humor!We ordered the corn chowder. It is not like your regular chowder. It is thinner, and lighter, yet still filled with that wonderful corn flavor we love! The great part is, it is made purely with all corn, and butter. Pureed to perfection, you don't catch not one piece of corn. So it has that wonderful light creamy texture. It was addicting.We also ordered the steakhouse mix which was a new offering of chef's. It is creoled spiced with a wagyu flat iron, petite filet mignon, and bison chili with andoville smashed potatoes and green peppercorn au poivre sauce. This dish has a great kick to it! The flavor is full and powerful, and you can really experience that wonderful new orleans flavor in your mouth. I highly recommend this dish.Their service was just astounding. They were ten steps ahead of me, and what makes for great service is having them offer you things you didn't realize you'd need. They were kind enough to split our dishes for two. Our glasses were never empty, and not a trace of spilled water. Charlie periodically came by to check on us, and to top my night, Chef Carlos Guia came out to introduce himself personally, and to check on meal. Great experience, and it is surely something one must experience at least once in Vegas!!! Also, I have never experienced it, but I do hear that their Sunday Brunch is amazing as well, which accompanies a jazz band. When you get a chance, definitely try their brunch, and write a review for me.
4	I tried this steakhouse for the first time last Saturday (6/8/13). It was solid, not standout. (I have heard that it is Steve Wynn's favorite restaurant, but my guess is that has to do with location in the casino.)I ordered the steak special, which was a black-truffle coated filet. It was cooked perfectly and the seasoning was really good! It had a few too many breadcrumbs for my taste - I would have preferred more of the truffle taste and less crunch. I also tried the rack of lamb - also really good. The foie gras appetizer was a standout, on top of a brioche, and we also loved the carpaccio. Overall, all of the food was really good, but we just didn't think it was extremely unique or super-special (which would have bumped it up to 5 stars).Ambiance is exactly what you would expect - the old school slightly sterile country club feel. It's not the ambiance I prefer for a restaurant, but they definitely achieved what I'm sure they were going for. Service was very nice (they brought us a few freebies), but pretty slow, especially for a very uncrowded place.I would happily go back, but probably wouldn't be the one to suggest it. What I am excited to try is the Sunday jazz brunch, which I have heard is really great!!
5	Back for a 3rd time. This has become our treat to ourselves while in Vegas. Pricey, but always worth it. Can't say enough about the food and the service. Never disappoints.
3	Had an enjoyable lunch at Country Club highlighted by superb service and decent food.  The restaurant--particularly the tables towards the back (and, I would imagine, the patio, though it was closed at the time)--also features a spectacular view of the Wynn Golf Course's 18th green and waterfall.The Field Green Salad was very good, with large, fresh, crunchy greens covered in a relatively subtle vinaigrette.  I also very much liked the bread--the olive roll and (especially) the multi-grain roll more than pulled their weight as lunch accompaniments.  I was less enthused with the Shrimp and Grits.  At least in my opinion, the shrimp should be fully de-shelled.  The sauce provided a little bit of spice, but the grits themselves seemed overcooked or over-processed.  The dish as a whole seemed a bit removed from the Southern classic.
3	Went to the Jazz brunch last weekend. The setting is beautiful and the staff very attentive. The food was high quality although the selection a bit limited. The per person price of 65$ was a bit high. Glad we went but not a good value.
1	The worst service ever. This is a tourist trap so beware! Our bottomless mimosas were always empty we had to flag down our server a number of times and most of those times he won't hear us or pay any attention to us. Our cappuccinos were over 30 min late and we had to remind them to bring them. The food was OK but nothing to write home about. Usually I'm used to coffee being included with brunch but they charged us $7 per cup. Not impressed. Won't be back. Overpriced and awful service.
5	A beautiful setting and GREAT food.  Have the burger!
5	Sunday Jazz Brunch!  We received great service.  Great music. Great views!
5	We were too late to order food for lunch after returning from a local trade show. Bostonian bartender Perry turned out to be an awesome host and entertainer. Very knowledgeable and the dark sambucas were tasty. We'll be back.
2	Hostess a sweetheaet...but wait staff not cleaning tables and delaying drink service...a shame because the place has a nice view...wait staff actually nice but its not ok to leave four dirty plates on table when offering buffet style brunch...food quality also subpar
1	We are locals and were excited to try the brunch.  I wish I read the reviews before spending $177.87 for  2 and having the worst service I have ever had since moving to Vegas.  It took 20 minutes before even being greeted at the table and another 25 before receiving water and the cocktails.  When we went to the buffet, many of the dishes were empty.  Our reservations were at 1 so it was not closing anytime soon.  Clearly we were not the only table being  ignored because our server pulled the woman manager over to complain about another table right next to us.  Very unprofessional.  The only positive aspect to his restaurant in the view.  Go to The Four Seasons for the best brunch and even better service.  This is completely unacceptable service here.
2	this is for the sunday jazz brunch only65$ is wayy too expensive for the quality this place is churning out!! oysters that tasted like they were spoiled and that both my friend and i had to spit out. we told our waiter and nothing was done. we were just honestly concerned about the food safety issues.  i thought rio buffet oysters were kind of suspicious but dang these oysters take the cake for worst i have ever had in las vegas. the buffet part was dismal at best. when your best offering are the smoked meats you got some problems. boring cajun shrimp, dried out hunks of meat for the carving station, gumbo with mushy crawfish and seafood cooked to death, and so little options you cant help but feel cheated when the bill comes. dessert had a few stars like their chocolate mousse cake, macaron. but also slim pickings. i was able to carry one of each item on one plate. the only reason i give the brunch 2 instead of 1 is cause their made to order menu items are pretty good. and its also all you can eat. so if you do go honestly just get one of each from the menu. shrimp and grits are really good. but you can get this on their normal lunch menu and its not gonna cost you 65$. so in the end if youre going to charge me 65$ for really mediocre if not below mediocre food i'm gonna be unhappy about it. 25$ is reasonable for this brunch but i understand that i am at the Wynn and theres a nice view so 35$ but any higher, i'd say youre pushing it. skip jazz brunch it aint worth your time, or money
4	OMG the food was absolutely amazing. We came here today for a noon lunch. I got the special which was an omelette made with Bacon, Turkey, and Mozzarella Cheese with a side of potatoes. I ate the whole freaking thing with no remorse. Good service and amazing view of the golf course.  Highly recommended!
5	This is a great place for a higher end vegan meal on the Las Vegas Strip! I had the Roasted Tofurky dinner, and it was outstanding! The Tofurky was well seasoned, and accompanied by Whipped Sweet Potatoes, a Sage-Mushroom Gravy, and an Orange-Cranberry Sauce. I also recommend the Passion-Mango Sorbet! It was smooth and creamy, and the perfect marriage of Passion Fruit and Mango! Thank you, Mr. Wynn for offering fantastic vegan food in your restaurants!
4	The service was five-star worthy.  The setting was beautiful and wine was impeccable.  Thanksgiving was beautiful and we loved our meal.  Our party had a wide variety of things (steak, fish, turkey, salads) plus side dishes of ALL the traditional fixings.  Our only question:  red peppers in the stuffing???  Really?  Hmmmmm....we are all still deep in thought on that one.  We picked around them, but all agreed someone needs to re-consider.  Rest assured, it did not deter from a fabulous experience.
4	This place is pretty great!  I've been here for brunch as well as dinner and both times I've sat on the patio that overlooks the 18th hole of the Wynn golf course.  The food is pretty good, and  they have a good wine selection.  The truffle crusted filet mignon was to die for.  I wouldn't come back for the jazz brunch but for I would for dinner.
5	I love the fact that this place is completely hidden away, and most people do not know it exists. I have eaten here 3 times, but most recently in November 2013. The food is always consistently good, and there are many special items on the menu worth trying. The views of the 18th hole and waterfall are great, but the last visit it was under construction and the outdoor area was closed.The steaks are awesome here, superb. I had a filet with truffle crusting on it, which was unique and tasty. We also had the Iberico deballata appetizer, which was a massive portion given the price. They did not make any money on that item for sure, but it was fantastic.Wine list is great as well, lots of good selections.Service was fantastic, and prompt. Really nice server!I will be back.
5	They just never fail to satisfy! I ordered the corn chowder once again and it was delicious! We ordered to bowls to split three ways in which they divided equally for us. I ordered their shrimp and grits which was also amazing and I'm not a big fan of grits. The grits were creamy and sweet and the prawns were huge! My dad ordered the Angus burger which was also delicious and is also rated as Las Vegas' best Angus burger. It had blue cheese and all the fixings. We requested patio seating since the weather was lovely out. So we got to admire the wonderful landscape of the golf course. You just gotta love that 18th hole with the waterfall! They also turned on the heater as soon  as it started to get chili. They also have special winter menu out right now that included eggnog and gumbo (there's more to it and I promise I'll update that as soon as I remember) which also seemed like a really good menu given the season. Of course chef had to add his New Orleans creole flare into it! Service was on point as usual with that positive attitude ensuring your glass is always full. ;)
5	Our absolute favorite spot in LV for lunch.  Spectacular golf course view;  the restaurant itself is beautifully paneled yet feels so comfortable.  Eat on the patio in nice weather or grab a window table inside on chillier days.  The food is OTT delicious - the hamburger, the french dip, the cobb salad, steak salad, chopped salad.  Who can decide? My husband and I had lunch here for the umpteenth time last Monday, so good I wanted to go back on Tuesday!  We split a sandwich and salad which was presented perfectly and timed just right.  No rushing you out the door.  Take your time.  Soak in the wonderful ambience.  But what made the whole experience particularly FANTASTIC was our waiter, Alex.  Perhaps the best waiter we have had anywhere at any restaurant.  We both agreed we would hire Alex if we could as we both work in customer service oriented fields.  He was attentive but not too much, kept our table clean and glasses filled with zero intrustion, let us know the status of our order, etc.  Alex is the best!!  Counting the days till our next visit to LV so we can have lunch again at The Country Club
5	I really enjoyed sitting outside on the patio. I felt like I was in North Carolina. The Shrimp and Grits are my favorite. Alex was my server and he was exceptional.
4	SUPERB service, xlnt food, WONDERFUL seating outside.  i felt like something quiet and low key after a busy day and sitting outside facing the golf course and waterfall was EXACTLY what I wanted.  We took our time and didn't get the bum's rush.  Wine list a little limited and expensive, could have more bottles around $100.
3	Filet mignon was really good but Caesar salad was not spectacular. Kind of empty for a Saturday night when I went, and enjoyed the fast, friendly service. I'd go back, but it's not a place I would rave about to friends.
5	Let me start out by saying my wife and I are foodies.  We love new and great food.  We just spent a week in Vegas and went to many of the top spots.I can honestly say, the Valentine 5 course menu here was the best dinner I have ever had - ever!  Every tasting was unique, fresh and unbelievable.  The atmosphere overlooking the golf course can't be beat, and is a nice break from all the flashing lights.Our waitress, Mary, was top shelf - a kind soul and great at her job, which made it even more memorable.Great job Country Club, you know how to get it done!
1	Very rude host named Bianca or something similar.  We changed our mind and ate elsewhere.
3	Wonderful views at the Club overlooking the golf course! If you're down for a elegant jazz brunch in Vegas, the selection is slim. Wynn has lost his swag in Vegas! Pros:- views of golf course and waterfalls- live jazz music- very good food- nice incorporation of Louisiana southern        dishes Cons: - service was lacking at first but once Jack starting helping out, things were better!- casual decor allowed (comes across tacky when you have people in shorts and flip flops) - when the band goes outside to play table side they need to put background music on to keep atmosphere - price is steep @ $65 pp ( doesn't include drinks) WHAT?  Whose ever heard of a brunch for that much then you have to spend an additional $25 pp for champagne?
5	The service is exquisite! Ladies and gentleman... If your the romantic, let me tell you... This will more than satisfy your lady no shorter of a princess... Ok maybe I'm over selling it... So let's just say... Borderline, that good! Please yourself and enjoy!
2	Big disappointment. I felt like I have walked into a different restaurant than other yelpers.Jay recommended a bottle of red wine but it was horrible, so bad that it shouldn't even be listed on the wine menu at this venue. I checked online and it has 1.5 star in three well-known wine sites, that can tell you it is definitely not well-loved. Lucky Jay was willing to take it off from our bill.Let's talk about food. I asked for a medium cooked rib chop but it was beyond medium-rare. I tried to flag down our server but he was always busy with other tables and by the time he came by, I lost appetite looking at the plate of blood.My friend's steak was well-prepared though, we ended up sharing that plate of protein since it was a big portion.
4	Love the Sunday Jazz Brunch here. Great view, great food, and great music. Can't ask for more. Food selection is just perfect; not too overwhelming like most Vegas buffets. Atmosphere is very soothing and relaxing.
4	Great place for a relaxing and delicious brunch. I liked being able to order from a menu as part of a buffet. Fantastic service by our server. Amazing raw bar; everything so fresh! Talented jazz band and great view for watching people at the 18th green. Only disappointment was our poached egg was over cooked (but we still ate the pulled pork Benedict.)
1	I went to the jazz Sunday brunch with my husband and four friends. The service was terrible but the food was great. I called in spoke with a manger on Monday and he said we would return my call after he spoke with his director. Today is now Wednesday and I have not received a call back. This is the worse customer service especially coming for the country club at the Wynn. I've eaten at other restaurants at the Wynn and never had this type of service before. It took us 45 minutes to get the bill correct. The waiter was slow to take our orders and never introduce himself.
5	Wow what a quiet hidden gem in the middle of a loud casino. Food, service, outdoor patio all A++ amazing place for lunch on the patio overlooking golf course and waterfall.
5	We had lunch on the patio overlooking the gorgeous golf course on a perfect late winter Vegas day. I had the loaded baked potato -- it was literally the size of a football -- topped with beef. Probably one of the greatest lunches I have had in a very long time. My husband had the creole burger with bacon and he was in love. Service was pretty spot on.
5	I wanted to eat at Lakeside but couldn't get a reservation before 10 PM so the concierge suggested I come here instead because it also had a nice waterfall view.  Would have never found this place w/o the concierge because it is tucked away from the main casino area at Wynn.  If you're walking over from Encore, prepare for a hike!Four of us shared the food family style-bread basket was good-carpaccio was really good and large enough for all of us to share-arugula salad was nice but you better really like balsamic or you won't enjoy it-creamed spinach was exactly what you would expect-rack of lamb was awesome!  we ordered it medium and it was delicious.  nice and meaty!-veal porterhouse was delicious.  nice and crusty on the outside and juicy on the inside.  And it was nice and fatty.The food is really rich, so I think its is a good idea to eat family style if you order the meat.  If you had a to eat a whole plate of the porterhouse or a whole rack of lamb you would be too overwhelming and you might regret it.
5	My husband and I had lunch here for the first time and it was excellent.  The patio view overlooking the golf course was gorgeous.  We shared a burger and it was cooked the way we wanted.  They even split the burger and fries for us.  The services are great and friendly.  The prices are reasonable.
1	I had a 130 reservation for lunch. We were running late. So i called the restaurant at 1:10 and said we're running late and was hoping to push the reservation to 230.What the hostess on the line responded verbatim was: "No. we stop serving lunch at 2:20"Instead of: " Oh i see your reservation right here Mr John Doe. The latest i can push it back is 215 sir because we stop serving lunch at 230.  However, if we do serve our lounge menu which is rather good after 230.  What would you like me to do sir.?"Hence, i wont be stopping here on future visits.
3	Loved the food (I'm still thinking about the corn chowder) and our server was nice. We were struck by one of the hostesses who acted like she couldn't be bothered when we came back in to ask if we could move from outside (it was beautiful but way too windy) to dine on the patio. I think she actually rolled her eyes as her coworker asked her to seat us in a particular section (really?  all we want is another table, and you are hardly busy). Her overall demeanor was less than friendly and quite aloof.  Fortunately we only dealt with the hostess for a matter of minutes and the rest of our dining experience was good.
4	I took my BF out to Country Club at the Wynn for brunch last weekend. We had the buffet and the food was excellent! We were seated outside patio and had a wonderful view of the waterfall and golf course. The service was great until the waiter kept forgetting to put my order in (French toast bread pudding a must try) so we had to wait longer which wasn't too bad since we had a great view.
4	Had a wonderful dinner this evening.  Ordered off he vegetarian menu and had the quinoa risotto.  Excellent.   Wine is expensive, but the food is top notch.  Sit on the patio overlooking the golf course if you can.  Service is excellent, and you are given plenty of time to not your meal at your own speed.  Definately will eat here again when in Vegas.
5	Waterfall, green golf course, quiet location - it's almost like you're not in Vegas at all.I've only been here for lunch, for both indoor and outdoor seating. I prefer the outdoor when it's sunny, it's absolutely gorgeous. Just try to resist their freshly baked breads! Our party was on a health binge, meaning absolutely no bread, but we couldn't help chowing down their corn breads. I recommend the grits, but their lobster cake which wasn't on the menu was one of the best things I've had here. The presentation is top notch!Service is has been very good, but I've only been here when it was nearly empty.
5	We went for our 15th anniversary and had a magnificent experience.  In a group of 4, we all ordered the chef's New Orleans 6 course meal with wine pairings.  Absolutely everything was delicious and memorable. The crab cakes were packed full of delicious crab and the pecan crusted swordfish was amazing. Service was some if the best I've ever had. You will also love the filet! Thanks for an unforgettable meal!
4	Nice views of the waterfall and golf course. We were there for brunch and the food was up to par. It wasn't super busy when we went so the atmosphere was relaxing and just over all a great time. Almost made me think that I wasn't in Vegas while at the restaurant.
5	The food was awesome. We would have eaten outside, but there was a flash storm that had just come through Vegas. The staff was amazing. We felt special.
5	I think this is one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas and the view of the 18th hole of the golf course is spectacular.The service was extraordinary and the food was very good too.This most recent visit I had the French Dip and it was easily the best roast beef sandwich I have ever had, this one even tops the Landlord at Richmond Arms in Houston.My wife had the Gumbo, and while it wasn't the best she's ever had, she said it was very good.The bread basket was amazing and the dessert (beignets) were very good too.I was very happy we decided to eat at The Country Club. We will be back.The coolest part of our meal was when Steve Wynn came in and sat down at the table next to us. Very Cool!
4	Went to country club for their famed jazz brunch on Sundays.  CC is located in the back of the Wynn, with a view overlooking the 18th hole of the Wynn course - complete with waterfall.  It's a beautiful view of a beautiful course.Walk in, and you're greeted by a live Jazz band playing on a small stage, with the buffet portion of brunch surrounding them.  It's a relatively small buffet as far as vegas goes, but all high quality.Brunch has 2 components - the buffet, and then a menu that you can order off that has about 10 selections which take a few minutes.  Food has a creole/cajun vibe to it.  The buffet is high end - everything from small waffles and fruits, to crab legs and oysters, to steak and thick cut bacon and other things.  The best things were the cajun things - shrimp and grits were awesome, and the gumbo and corn chowder were tasty.  The ordering menu had things like a bbq pork eggs benedict - 1 portion, and smaller which was nice.  Also a bread pudding french toast, a mini burger, a wagyu hotdog and things like that.  It was tasty, but not insanely exceptional.The desserts were awesome - a great selection of macaroons - which I love, cakes, puddings and such.  The dining room was super nice, comfortable leather chairs, totally fine dining environment for brunch - unless you sat on the patio - which was blazing hot but had the misters working and a breeze.Service was a little slow and not exactly attentive, which was disappointing.It's certainly expensive as hell for brunch (~$60/pp), but it was nice for a special occasion.
3	The view is spectacular. The food is good. The waiting staff is very friendly. Food is not that pricey for a fancy place like this. Had the Scottish salmon which was good and my friend had the chipotle burger which was good too. Drinks were okay.
5	An oasis!  It overlooks the 18th hole on the golf course, and you walk seemingly forever through the Wynn to get there.  This is hands down my favorite restaurant on the strip to grab brunch, eat outside, and transport yourself away from the dinging of the slot machines.  It's easy to forget you're in Las Vegas while you're eating there... until the check comes and you're reminded that you're also subsidizing the meals of the high rollers who are getting their meals comped.  Ah, yes.  Welcome back.  The food is good, and the view is exceptional; the only reason Country Club wouldn't usually be a contender for best view because most people aren't thinking golf course & waterfall when they think about views on the strip.
2	I hate to be "that person" that gives this place 2 stars. Finally made it here for their famed Sunday Jazz Brunch. Perfect time of year to sit outside and enjoy the weather, while brunching. Brunch is my favorite meal. Sit me outside overlooking a gorgeous golf course and waterfall, doesn't get any better.We were greeted by our friendly waiter and drink orders taken. He explained that we have the choice of buffet style as well as some entree items to order. There were 4 of us so we decided to order a few items off the entree menu to share. Eggs Versailles-these were ok, nothing special.Wagyu Hot Dog- don't ask, we just figured, why not. Again, nothing special, it was just a hot dog.Bread Pudding French Toast- I was most excited about this, but the bottom was hard as a rock. You should be able to eat french toast without using a knife. So we moved onto the buffet station. We all started out with the crab legs. These were so salty, 3 bites in and i couldn't even finish a leg. My friend agreed. Either they boiled them with way too much salt in the water or they were frozen.I tried the Shrimp & Grits, these were my favorite item. They were really good.The buffet station was really small. They had some Kumiai oysters, some peel and eat shrimp, ceviche as well as build your own bagel and lox. Some granola parfaits, as well as a small cheese/salami board. And a very small dessert area. I didn't take part in the carving station. For $65 a person, I expected a lot more. At least better food. I don't need an enormous selection, but at least make the food offered taste good. They do offer bottomless mimosas for $25.For the Wynn, I was disappointed. I enjoyed the brunch at La Cave ten fold over this place.
2	After hearing so many great things about the Jazz Brunch, I was excited to try them today for my mom's birthday meal. We arrived at 11 on the dot for our reservation and were seated quickly. Our server took our water order and told us our options for brunch. We decided to order some made to order entrees from the menu before venturing up to the buffet line. Nothing from the menu really stood out as exciting, but I held out hope that quality would win out over innovation. Unfortunately this wasn't the case. Flavors were just ok and I didn't enjoy most of the breakfast items we ordered from the print menu. The buffet line was pretty small. I enjoyed some of the meats from the carving station, but nothing that blew me away. The king crab was dry and after only a bite or two, I gave up on it entirely. The oysters didn't stand out and the only things I actually enjoyed were the bacon, cheeses, pastry basket and the asparagus. A sad percentage of the items sampled.Service was spotty. Our server was very nice, but forgetful. He would say he was bringing refills or replacement silverware and we would wait and wait. He was apologetic, so I gave him the benefit of the doubt at first, but it started becoming ridiculous after a while and we all grew impatient. Despite mentioning it was mom's birthday, they did nothing to acknowledge it. I didn't expect a fanfare, but a nice little dessert with a birthday message would have been appreciated. Our waiter also forgot to bring over the dessert menu after asking a few times, we finally gave up and decided to pay our bill and leave.The music was fun and the view was nice, but none of these factors made up for the food and service issues we encountered. My expectations for the type of food and service I usually encounter at Wynn and Encore were not met. There are so many wonderful restaurants at Wynn and Encore, I won't be back and wouldn't recommend Country Club to anyone I know.
4	Definitely my best dining experience at a Wynn restaurant. I came as a solo diner with no reservation and they were more than happy to sit me immediately (albeit in an outdoor table with partial shade). I wanted to sit outdoors to see the waterfall view, but I didn't realize how hot it gets in Vegas without shade!All the staff greeted me by name which made me feel like a VIP. They also offered me reading materials which was a nice gesture. In addition, when I was taking a picture of the view, the waiter offered to take a photo of me without me asking! Definitely appreciated when you're dining solo.I had the french dip sandwich which was huge and really flavorful. I didn't come close to finishing it. The prices are steep so I think I spent over $30 on lunch but hey, it's Vegas.
3	When I got to this place I was super stoked, the ambiance was amazing, service for sure is excellent. Food ? Outback is better not worth 100 buckaroos  per plate :) hey but I heard brunch is really good here I'll try it sometime:)
1	This review is based on service only.Hostess was so stuck up and rude. Just because you work at a high end restaurant doesn't mean you're high class and definitely doesn't mean you can treat people with such disrespect. I believe her name was Brianna or Bianca.
3	Came here for an early lunch right when they opened at 11:30.  We were seated outside, which was a nice break from the indoor mayhem of Vegas, but it was extremely bright and alternated between cold and hot depending on the other diners' requests regarding the heat lamps (individual lamps couldn't be turned on and off...it was an all-or-nothing type deal).  While the busser was quick to fill our waters and bring our bread, our server took over a half an hour to greet us.  He greeted the two tables around us, took their drink orders, then their food orders, but failed to come over to us even once.  Did we smell weird?  Did he not like my outfit?  We finally got our order taken once the other tables were already being served.  And I couldn't possibly have done anything worse than the girl at the next table who demanded to know where the bread was baked and needed a visual comparison of soup portions, so I think the server just wasn't particularly good at juggling more than one table.I ordered off the vegetarian menu.  I love that they have extensive vegan/vegetarian menus at all of the Wynn restaurants, and in most cases the food is delicious.  Sadly this was my one exception to that rule.  While the corn chowder I had to start was really tasty - sweet and light with a few roasted veggies and tortilla strips for texture - the main dish I had, the gardein steak salad, was salty and overdone.  The bread was good - really liked these parmesan flatbreads in the basket.  The view was nice - right up against the golf course with a waterfall at one of the holes.  However the reflective table made it a little too blinding to be sitting out there.
