4	This bar is definitely not for trendy folks or people looking to 'be seen'.  It is a nice neighborhood sports bar with good bar food at a great price.1/29/07 Philly's recently got a facelift and has new tables and they even have booths now.  They have also expanded their menu to include more dinner type meals, instead of just bar favorites.  Wednesday night they have a steak night with drink specials and a reduced price steak dinner.  Of course you can always order one of the many varieties of cheese steak sandwiches, because they are delicious.This is just a relaxing bar with good food and a friendly staff.
4	Found this gem of a B&G while vacationing in Arizona, it was within walking distance of our hotel (which met our criteria for the night b/c we'd been drinking already at the free happy hour).  Wasn't quite sure about them when we approached the door, from the outside it seems kinda shady, but walked in and found it was clean and didn't reek like most bars (especially the B&G on the grounds of our hotel - it should have been called the Ashtray B&G).  We decided to eat a meal there... and I must say I was very impressed with the menu selection and the quality of the food.  They had plenty of beer on tap, and like any good sports bar... plenty of TVs.We ordered the chicken wings as an appetizer, and if I'd have known how good they were going to be...I would have skipped dinner and eaten only these (try the teriyaki wings, their SOOO good!!).  If you're staying in the Scottsdale area, give this place a try...they're right off of the strip and the service and the food were great.  I will definitely be eating there again when we go next year.
4	As a native to Philly, I need to have my cheesesteak fix. Service was fast, food was good (although its not an original cheesesteak) and the prices weren't bad either. Their curly fries w/ a side of ranch are the best! Can't wait to go back to try their wings.
4	Cheesteaks are HUGE and come in tons of different varieties.  I had the deluxe-jalapenos, mush, green pepper, banana peppers.  For 9 bucks it was delish and service was great.  Sides good as well.Side note-a lot of TVs, but not the very modern TVs for sports.
5	Came here Saturday to watch the SC game with a friend.  I hate SC and he loves them so he was excited to see all the SC alumni packed inside.  It was too filled with Trojans inside for us to grab a table so we had to sit at the outside bar.  Our bartender was amazing!  Her name is Savannah and she is my drunken soul mate.  I loved hearing about her night, and we compared pictures of our drunken times on our cameras.  She's really cool and attentive, and a little bit of a drink pusher.  But I don't mind, I love getting drunk so I'm happy!  I am definitely coming back again, just for her!
1	Philly's? More like Yankees!? You suck, real bad. Worse than than the phillies. Even one of the bartenders were routing for the douche bags. If you're a Philly fan go to upper deck and stay far away from this NY hang out! Boo to you sir and I only wish I could give you -100!!! Thank god I didn't eat a cheesesteak!
4	I really like this place. This place is a good place to come watch a game or UFC or just for getting some food. They have tv's everywhere and the bar is inside and goes outside for those of you who would like to enjoy a smoke at the bar like the good  ol days you can do that here. They have the game Bags set up for anyone to play. Thay also have a ping pong table, pool table, and they even have a breathalizer in the hallway to the restrooms so you can make sure your ok to drive. Its cool and funny cause Arizona is a 0 tollerance state so you can blow a .02 and be busted even thou the limit is .08. I know someone who was busted for blowing .02. Anyway they have a huge patio with the firepits for the cooler weather and great drink specials. I had the philly cheese steak and loved it. They also have a good chicken philly. Cream cheese jalopeno poppers and wings are good to. Check it out!
4	This is the best sports bar in Tempe/Scottsdale. The food is great, the happy hour prices are unbeatable and they have rotating $2.50 pints of Mexican beer. The patio is great with heaters, fire pits, misters, and two sets of bags. There are great TVs throughout the bar, and it is relatively clean for this type of dive. Give it a shot and you wont regret it.
4	Annual Luau at Phillys on the Patio!!  So cool that they do this every year
4	Grabbed some lunch here one day and thought it was awesome!  I'm not from Philly, so I'm not the expert in the area.  However for a good bite to eat on the cheap (and some fantastic curly fries), this is a great spot to hit up.My gripe would be how long it took to get the food and then to get the bill.  If it's the lunch crowd, maybe some pep would be appreciated as I was late back to work.
3	Quality local sports bar with decent food, reasonable drink prices, $2.50 Modelo and Negro Modelo on Sundays, good staff, and enough local flavor to feel the right amount of divyness. The staff puts up with a fair amount, but for the most part, they are always smiling...with a few exceptions. No massive TV, but a very good number of TVs (you won't miss anything), including an outdoor bar and nice sized patio with TVs, warmers, fire pits, ping pong, and bean bag toss (or whatever you tossers call it these days). Whether you are watching AFL/Aussie Rules (which you should for the most amazing action outside of the NFL) or the Packers beat the Bears, this is a good spot. And really, even if you are big sweaty Pats fan...they will change the TV to your game, so, don't get chowda in your stache and try to wait until it is a few minutes or so before kickoff until you turn into a raving lunatic looking like you just got off the boat in Gloucester...Just a thought, not a sermon. The cheese steaks are the focus of the menu, with sandwiches and typical bar food. You may not win a fight with a Philly native, but the cheese steaks are good, with ample variety and upgrades. And, if you need a reminder, there is a breath alcohol machine by the bathroom. Even better, enjoy your day, night, morning...and save your change (and more) and get a cab.
4	Neighborhood bar I frequent often.  Best wings - teriyaki wings well done...they're so addicting.  Atmosphere is good, love hitting up ping pong or bag toss.
4	I'm a fan for sure.  Went yesterday with my toddler and they treat us well - not like a zit on the nose of a supermodel - something we see more often than not.  Food is good, beers and drinks are priced well and the clientele is pretty tame - even when we sit at the bar for "date night."  I would recommend this place to anyone. The Long Island is great for $4...
4	Once agan, I wish you could give half stars.  This is a nice little dive-y sports bar around my neck woods.  The food ranges from okay (e.g. the spinach and artichoke dip, fried zucchini, etc.) to good (e.g. the burgers, sandwiches, etc.).  The prices are reasonable around $8 for a cheeseburger (Angus beef) with one side (a variety to choose from including french fries, onion rings, and cole slaw), and the servie is very friendly.  I think it is worthy of a solid and respectable 3.5 stars.  It's good, just not very remarkable.
3	This is a great sports bar. Food is good, fine bar food. If you are expecting to e blown away, don't. Expect good bar food. The beer menu has expanded, including more and better beers as time has gone on. I have been coming here for almost 5 years now.The staff is a little dodgy as they seem to be way more wrapped up in whatever they have going on than attending tables. However, once they recognize that you've been waiting they're real nice and usually make some generous drinks. Nice pool table and great TV set up. It is difficult to have a bad time here, it is however equally difficult to have an amazing time.
4	Birthdays are always a great occasion to celebrate, and Philly's is a great place to do it! (haha, I said do it)Last night, was a friend's birthday, so we came down to Philly's (which I am pretty sure is one of her favorite bar's, and I can see why). This place is pretty cool! It's your typical, local sports bar.Drinks are cheap, strong, and the vibe is very fun. Long Islands are $4 all day every day. Can't beat that. I smell $20 blackouts on the weekends. Or $20 bad decisions. Whatever you want to call it, I call it one hell of a good time....just be responsible.The beer selection is decent. About 20 taps, with some craft beers. Fat Tire, Blue Moon, and a couple of selections from Four Peaks. Solid.The food is your typical bar fare, with a Philly twist of course. Lots of Philly-type sandwiches, with lots of fries. Very tasty. I had the manager's special sandwich, which was topped with jalapenos. Had a nice little kick.The outside patio is pretty fun, as long as it's not too hot. Luckily there are misters. Score.I'd definitely come back. This is the place where you can just chill with your friends. No need to dress up. Wear shorts, flip flops. Guys, leave your douchy jeans in Scottsdale. Girls, leave your slutty dresses and high wedges at your house. Everyone, leave your attitudes elsewhere. This place is for normal people.
3	When a place is called Philly's and on the menu is has "The Original Philly" I assumed they would know how to make a good Philly Cheesesteak... boy was I wrong...I've never had a cheesesteak were the meat was pretty much ground meat... was not very good at all... they do get points for using CheezWiz..  Maybe next time I'll just stick with wings... cause I'll definitely go back for the outside seating and good drink prices..
4	This is the standard bearer for a great place to watch UFC or boxing. They DO charge a small cover, but it's well worth it as the food is more than passable and in many cases it's quite good. Quality flat panels all around the place, so the details of the fights are always highly viewable.Best of all: In the fall and wintertime, the patio is the perfect place to kick back and fire up a couple of good cigars. They have a pair of firepits that will keep you warm and you still have a great view of the action. Mmmm: UFC devastation, Philly cheese steaks, good wings, a great Arturo Fuente (King B or an Anejo) followed by a cup of coffee... It's as good as Scottsdale gets.
4	Service was slow but the food was awesome! Fun atmosphere! Pool table, lots of tvs, games... Great time! And a bar!
4	Good sports bar atmosphere. Cozy and attentive service. Reasonably priced and good bar food. Outdoor patios and plenty of Tv's. Good neighborhood place to catch a game and some grub.
4	Philly's is a sports bar near the Tempe/Scottsdale border.Having been to Philadelphia on numerous occasions and going to places like Geno's, Pat's, and Tony Luke's, it's always a little unfair to judge the cheesteaks outside of Philly.Although Philly's doesn't stack up to the cheesteaks in Philly, it's one of the best I've found in Arizona. Any place that offers cheese wiz as an option definitely deserves two thumbs up, and Philly's does just that. They also have a great happy hour, offering $2.50 domestic drafts and bottles. Philly's is just a good chill bar, with a great outdoor seating area.Above average food and good happy hour specials give's Philly's an above average rating of four stars.
4	Really like this place for casual hang out... You can bring your patents here if they don't mind hanging out with a couple of questionable locals... :)
4	There were 5 of us and it was a busy dinnertime.  Our server was absolutely perfect.  The food was perfect.  I had an original philly sub and it was tasty and the roll was so wonderfully soft... a joy to eat.  Throughout our being there, we asked our server for so many extra things, like more salsa, more napkins... she was there right away with it... and right on with refills and asking if we needed more of anything.  I made sure to tell the manager how perfect it all was.  Only reason I'm not giving it a 5 is that I'm not really a Sports Bar person, so, for a Sports Bar, it has it all.
5	Great atmosphere, well priced, and good food. The best thing is the staff, Chelse was the kindest most attentive bar tender I've ever met, 5 star service.
4	After like 2 hours debating where to go, my buddy decided to go here.I had a beer, a cup of chilli, and Arnold Palmer and a BLDA.One of my friends had a grilled cheese sandwich with bacon and curly fries (which I tried as well).The verdict: The place is a neighborhood dive (at least the patio, since we didn't go inside), nothing impressive but comfortable.  The chilli was just an OK. My friend's sandwich was OK minus. So why four stars?The BLDA (A stands for avocado) was delicious. Super crispy bacon, full avocado flavor, I mean, everything was good about this sandwich. The curly fries were also pretty decent.The service and pricing just OK.The Arnold Palmer wasn't good at all plus the straw was TOO short for the glass, that's pretty annoying. *Note. I asked them not to put butter in my bread, idk if they do that, but my experience was without butter in the bread.
5	I shared the sampler platter with my boyfriend. We chowed down on jalapeno poppers, onion rings, fried zucchini, mozzarella sticks, and wings. I never knew bar food could taste this good! I loved the down to earth atmosphere, great food, and reasonable prices. I can't wait to come back and try the Philly sandwiches!
5	Beer-battered mozzarella sticks (light crispy batter/AMAZING) and Pizza cheese steak (with stacks of pepperoni/AWESOME) and Kronenbourg on tap with a great juke box, a fun relaxing atmosphere, and outdoor seating if you need to smoke.I love this place for a date, for a group of friends or to watch the game.
4	Great happy hour, not so great wings... BUT their cheese steak sammies are passable and hey, $4 appetizers at happy hour and $2.75 beers. For that I will just not order the ucky wings and get something I am less attached to. Service good, atmosphere good. Seemed to be a lot of 50 something dudes around. Don't know why, will see if that's a trend...not that it matters or anything. You single ladies over forty might wanna come spend some time at the bar...If you like deep fried bar foods cheap, come at happy hour. The outside patio is real nice. Lotsa smoke. Games on lots of TVs. Everything tastes better at happy hour...
4	Philly's is the perfect place to relax and unwind after work. The indoor eating area is just dark and cozy enough that you can whine about your day and not feel like people are staring, because they aren't- they are usually watching sports. The outside patio-- is fabulous. They have bar seating, high tops, and regular tables, a fire pit, fun outdoor lighting, and are dog friendly. I love being able to take my dog and socialize him with people on the patio. As for food, I have yet to try something I don't like- which includes the pepperoni/pineapple pizza, a philly cheesesteak, potato skins, mozz sticks, and a burger. The service is pretty good, the girls are really friendly and funny and the owners are awesome. Definitely a fun place to meet friends and hang out.
3	Best in AZ. Not authentic Philly cheese steak BUT is a really good steak and cheese...t just like you get anywhere in New England. If you want a real Philly CS..GO THERE! Great onion rings n fries too.
5	Great Happy Hour!
4	Spent a good chunk of Saturday at the outdoor portion of this bar watching various NCAA basketball games. A bunch of regular drunks seem to get preferred treatment, but overall the bartender/manager was a nice guy and changed channels and made some conversation when pressed. The guy's name was Jake, making me think he was Jake from State farm (you know this if you watch CBS alot).     Beers were mostly $3 and $4 as things stretched into happy hour. I did also sample the $2 Happy Hour chicken tacos. These were pretty large flour tortillas filled with normal chicken cubes, lettuce, cheese and some salsa on the side. It was good for that price and later on, I went for the 3-topping cheesesteak with curly fries. This was a way better version than most of these idiots in Phoenix are putting out. The meat is chopped on the grill (saw him doing it), the cheese is folded in and the rolls are from Philly. Fresh mushrooms and peppers and onions made this a pretty tasty dinner. The curly fries were also a good side dish. The inside of this place was pretty empty all day, but patio was full by 5pm. Great place to watch sports outside.
4	We ended up in Philly's to watch a UFC fight.  Not wanting to deal with the Scottsdale venues full of crowds and high-prices, a nice neighborhood sports bar sounded perfect.  There was a small cover at the door due to the fight, but we got a table near a TV with no problem.  We only had appetizers, but there were some other things on the menu I can't wait to return to sample.  Southwest cheesesteak with salsa and guacamole?  Yes please.  The chicken wings we did try were a solid B+.  The honey flavor was actual honey, and the wings were very crispy.  I also appreciated the quantity of carrots/celery.Although we weren't drinking and were seated away from the crowds, our server was still attentive, sticking her head out every so often to make sure we were still ok.  At any other bar, the lack of alcohol would have depleted the level of service pretty quickly.  UFC isn't exactly my thing, so if I'm going to get dragged to see it, I prefer a comfortable place with good food and Philly's fit the bill.  But I think I will enjoy coming back without the MMA...actually, I'll likely prefer it.
4	Philly's is an excellent place to catch your typical sports game, notable soccer match or UFC fight. The restaurant area is a decent size with TVs everywhere especially the inside bar area. Outside, there's tons of seating all around the patio including a rounded bar. What makes Philly's special is the huge pop-up screen on the patio featuring the main event of the evening. I've been there once for an international soccer match and again for UFC fights. Both were showcased on nearly every TV in the place including the screen. It's so big you can see it from across the street. I highly recommend this above average sport's bar!UFC Fights-5 dollar cover (ATM inside)-Get there early because seating goes fast. Though, we showed up late and found a secluded table with a TV just for us!Food-We ordered the bbq and honey wings. They were crispy and above average. The honey wings used real honey, which was neat.Service-The first time I went, it was sub-par. In their defense, the bartender said two waiters called in sick and it was an unusually large crowd for a weeknight. -The second time, our waitress was diligent about checking on us even though we didn't order very much. Much improved!Great Happy Hour from 4-7pm. Nice assortment of beers on tap.
5	Great local sports bar with an extensive selection of domestic and imported beers. The menu is very eclectic and they are always changing it up so stop in to see what's new and say hi to Ashley M., the best bartender they have.
4	Amazing Philly Cheese Steak Sandwiches & good selection of beers.I use to come here more often when I lived close, and I would continue to stop by if I lived nearby still.  The food is so good, I still will show up during times I am in the neighborhood.The management of this place do a great job, Autumn & Jessica always give amazing service when me & my buddy show up.This place probably really deserves 5 stars, the only reason why I gave it 4 instead is because there have been a few times (not a lot) that some bar tenders & waitresses that work there were not the greatest at quality service.  However, don't let a few spoil it for this place, keep in mind Jessica & Autumn with their management leaders are the best (I would say Savannah too, but she no longer works there; she was awesome).If you like a good sports bar with awesome food & good times, this place is for you!
4	An old school neighborhood sports bar with a huge smoker-friendly patio. This is a very low key place to get some pub grub and a buzz while watching your favorite team. Not being much of a sports fan, I still like it for it's laid back attitude and cheap drinks. $2 Miller High Life's all day every day!!!!!
5	My partner was in the mood for beer and wings... ok, it's hot outside let's just go someplace close and locally owned.  Philly's was it!  I ordered a sausage calzone, and asked it to be baked a bit less than a hard crust... thought I'd ask... don't know how they normally do it.   It was big and delicious, and my leftovers were perfect for baking the next day!  My partner ordered bacon cheese fries (tasty tasty tasty) and wings.  Since we had hit happy hour, those were $4 dishes.  Wooo HOOOOO!The service was fantastic.  We had two servers checking on us all the time.  You know, we are just going to have to go there more often!
4	Love this place!  I've been going here for maybe 15 years.  Some of the best onion rings ever!  I also love their chicken sandwiches.  Their wings are delish and they have a fun variety of french fries. They have a great happy hour.   We go in for lunch and our server Dolly is always exceptional.  She has the perfect combination of being friendly but also getting things done quickly (since we are on our lunch hour).  She is at least 1/3rd the reason we go back again and again.  Lots of tables, lots of TVs, large patio, games to play (cornhole, pool, etc).  The place is laid back, neighborhood type bar.  But get the onion rings!
5	A customer of mine recommended this place to me a couple months back so when a friend and I made plans to meet for lunch I suggested this place.  We got there around 11:30 and while it wasn't packed there were definitely more people than I was expecting for a place that had only been open for 30 minutes so far on a Thursday morning.  The sign at the door said seat yourself so we did and as we were putting our stuff down a friendly waitress came over and handed us our menus and asked about drinks.  We decided to start with waters in order to give us time to peruse the menu for a couple minutes.Now, personally I feel it would be wrong to go to a place called Philly's and NOT order a cheese steak so I decided to go with the Original Philly which was meat, cheese wiz and grilled onions.  My friend decided on a tuna melt and I tried to avoid eye contact for a little bit so she wouldn't see the look of disappointment in my face.  I liked that there is a big selection of items you get to choose from for the side dish as well.  I went with curly fries and she got onion rings but you could also choose from fruit, steak fries, coleslaw, a salad and a few other things too!Our food came out pretty quickly and I knew it was gonna be good as soon as I saw the meaty, melty goodness oozing out of it onto the plate.  The roll it was on was perfectly toasted, lightly crispy but still soft, the thing was loaded with meat and the meat itself was super flavorful and then of course you can't go wrong with cheese wiz.  I'm not even embarrassed to admit I ate the whole thing.  I was originally just going to finish half and save the rest for later but it was so good I couldn't resist.  The curly fries were great too, nice and crispy with a good flavor.  Our waitress was great the whole time too, always smiling when she came up to us, good with keeping our drinks filled and checking to make sure we had everything we needed.  My only regret is that I didn't come here sooner.
2	I go here sometimes with my boy because it's close to his house.There is this Jack Ass bartender that works here and he complains when you go from the outside bar to the game area and leave you glass or dishes. WTF? What type of employee would mention such a thing to a customer, that's a staff issue dude. Sorry Philly's but this rude roid monkey bartender is bringing down your establishment.
5	Service is great! Prices are great! Best place to watch a game!
5	Wooohooo!! Love this place. Great place for just about anyone whether you're going for food, drinks or watching any type of sporting event (check out the 5' screen on the porch), but they do charge a cover for live UFC and Boxing events. They actually make "real Phillys" and have quite the selection. Real laid back, comfortable atmosphere and you see all walks of life when you're chillin out here. Bartenders are cool and you will get what you pay for, but you better like stiff drinks! This would be on the top of my list for just getting tossed and having a great time!
3	We had such a sweet waitress and some great drinks, and their curly fries and garlic fries are great, but the phillys were a flop compared to Corleone's and forefather's...  Total bummer, I would come back for a fun time, but I will be ordering something else...
4	Philly's is a great spot if you want to kick back with some good bar food and drinks.  I used to live in the apartments behind Philly's and would wall myself on over to post up at the bar.  Perfect.  Now I have moved further up into Scottsdale and still find myself posting up here.They have a nice patio with the outside bar, TV's and of course misters!  The bartenders are always friendly and quick with service.  As far as food goes they actually have some pretty delicious bar food! Mozzarella sticks, potato skins, loaded fries, and the yummy wings!  They have that yummy creamy ranch that you could swish in your mouth.  Okay, that's a little overkill but it's really good. :)They have good drink specials and if your order something that's not on special they will make a suggestion for what is (ie. Captain n' Coke, Sailor Jerry's n' Coke).  Everyone should appreciate that !Don't pass this place up.  Especially if you like watching sports at the bar, it's worth going here.  Don't expect anything fancy though, it is a laid back bar so plan to just enjoy yourself with friends or alone at the bar is fine too.
3	Philly's is your basic, no-frills sports bar. It is nothing to swoon over, but it is laid back and a fun hangout spot.  The staff was nice too, and it was actually really refreshing to not be surrounded by a bunch of Scottsdale a-holes.
3	Phillys is like an adult version of Friendlys with a bunch of TVs. Food was average, beer prices were average. Our waitress didn't have a clue about any kind of beer they had and also got our order wrong. But she was attentive and the place was low key and causal. Don't think we'll be coming back though.
4	Came to Phillys to meet up with friendsNot my decisionAnd I have to admit it was kinda sketchyButIt's a pretty good sized, sports bar...Our server Lauren was so nice and friendly.Their happy hour specials are really great for food and drinks...I ended up getting the cheese bread which I thought was like breadstick style cheese bread... But it ended up being like a whole cheese pizza... And it was really good :) I think it could feed 2-4 people... And I ate it all aloneI also had whiskey and cokes with my dinner which was pretty good...Lauren was very nice and checked on us every now and then to see if we were doing good... My friends got the surf and turf which looked really good...The wings looked ok, I didn't try, but I will next time... All in all, I would suggest Philly's happy hour to anyone...
5	I just moved to Arizona and am right across the street from this bar.  The bartenders and patron have all been super nice the couple times I've been there.  The food is great and the Bloody Mary bar on Saturday morning was the perfect fix for my hangover!  I'm glad this place is a block away as I'll be frequenting here often after my first couple experiences dining and partying here!
5	Great selection of beers and all of the appetizers are on point!! Especially the loaded fries and mozzarella sticks!! :D The location is also good for me since I live in Scottsdale and the service is great!
1	Ive come to Phillys quite a few times and tonight was the worst. Jay---- the manager, was here tonight and a total douche. I bet he doesn't even know i know his name. At any rate, how can you as a business owner, tell a person on the phone..." We close in 45 minutes or so..." Not to mention, it being 9:48p at the time of this call. Okay soooooo, do you not want patronage and revenue at your business for the next 45 min? We went anyway just to make a point.Sir, Jay... You should not storm like a bull towards my table. You have to be a work, make the best of it. I don't have to be at work, so i really feel you! Next time, ask me for my ID. Don't say, "you guys don't have your IDs do ya?" Of course we do you fool, we came to a bar. Bottom line, if you didn't want to be here until close of "10:45" tonight, you should have staffed appropriately.
4	Great environment, sat on the patio and watched the playoff games. Good food and great beer selection! Good specials for breakfast on weekends and great happy hour if you're like us and drink your way from happy hour all the way to reverse happy hour!Definitely would recommend to friends!
4	THis place has great wings and its a cool hole in the wall type feel.  You can tell this place has its regulars as the servers knew people by name.  I will definitely be back for more wings and cocktails!!
4	Nice little hole in the wall bar! Has a really neat atmosphere on the patio. Our server was awesome! Very attentive and friendly.And our waters were never empty. I gave this four stars instead of 5 because the food was alright. Pretty good for bar food though!
3	Good neighborhood sports bar. Friendly staff and good management. Enjoy the pingpong n bags games for outside patio
3	Good little neighborhood spot. Friendly faces and average food. Nice happy hour specials.
2	Nice environment. Plenty of TVs and decent decor, they also have a patio area. Food was alright, the French dip seemed like it had really cheap roast beef on it. The fries were good though. Worst part was the service, waitress seemed to have a bad attitude the whole time. Then when we asked her if she would honor a coupon that we had received from our apartment complex when we just moved it, she made a big deal about it and said she would have to talk to a manager. Ok... So she comes back and says they will honor the expired coupon but that I need to tell them to stop handing these coupons out. Seriously? Not going back...
4	The food was better than I had expected for a quick lunch. Our server was friendly and fast, and made helpful suggestions. They are under construction so it's a little rough at the moment,  but lots of large TVs to watch.
4	I've been coming here a dozen times or so a year for probably 10 yrs. Bartender Mary always remembers me, knows what I drink, and is pleasant and more than capable. I always have the Philly sandwich (well, duh), and it's every bit as good as Pats or Genos in Philadelphia. They melt the cheese on the meat and then chop it up and it just melts in your mouth. It may be the bread that makes it exceptional, bit, whatever, it's awesome. I guess they are remodeling, and I sure hope they don't lose the dive bar vibe. Lots of tvs, good wifi, what else do you need?
4	The cheese steak is actually pretty good. This is a bar but with that said I come here a lot and only get food. Good place to watch a game or hang out with a group. Price is reasonable and the service is good.
5	We have been customers of Philly's since the beginning, for years and years now. We go mostly for the friendly atmoshere, and of course the food too is excellent! The owners, I have come to know as friends and as local small business people. As a business owner myself, I have to say Philly's is ran top-notch. The owners really care about their employees and their customers!BTW, we especially love the outdoor dog friendly dining.
4	Went to phillys because they were playing the mayweather vs maidana fight. The food and drinks were good and were a fair price. They could use more seating as they were packed. I was impressed with our waitress who had a huge section to help and she was really on top of everyone. They charged 10 cover per person because of the fight and they stopped their normal Saturday happy hour because of the fight. That was my only complaint-I get the fight costs money but they made at least 10 times their money back just by cover and then they take away happy hour too?! Other than that, we were pleased with our experience.
5	Sports bar near my house. Loved it. Fast friendly service.  Wasn't to busy on a mon night but that's why we came. Had the buffalo chick wrap with some perfectly crisp waffle fries. Yum yum. Nice healthy portion at a decent price. We will deffinently be back. Go Broncos!
5	I really want to give this a 5 star , okay actually I will ... They can't help it that it's a Philly Sports bar :( The food is amazing , fast and the bartender is very fast !! I shall come again , maybe when the cowboys play them ...!  Woot woot
1	This place has hit bottom in terms of their signature dish. I had not been here in about a year also, but something real bad happened to the cheesesteaks. The first thing was that the famous curly fries are gone, Seriously they were famous here. Sorry, but waffle fries just aren't as good. Secondly, the meat for the cheesesteak has changed for the worst, it is not good quality and is more chewy and they don't chop it up and they are very skimpy (which actually was a good thing in this case). The outdoor bar is still a smoker's paradise, but the beer prices are reasonable. Too many smokers out back and a horrid sandwich make this place barely worth returning too.
5	Went for a mayweather fight, $10 was definitely acceptable for the amount of tv's in the place. Food was good and a lot of draft beer specials. Recommended for fights for sure
5	Happy hour till 7, plenty of TV's, good food, fights on the outdoor big screen and tasty Phillys! What else you need?? Good service, check! Chill patio, check! NHL Hockey, NFL, NASCAR, MLB, NBA! Good sports bar in south Scottsdale. Cold beer and drinks, check!
1	If I could give this place 0 stars I would Lynette bartender manager whoever she is. She is the worst very rude. Takes care of her drunk falling of the bar customers then says you can't have a drink (while very sober) because her drunk customer says you are drunk. Why don't you try removing that drunk wobbly guy at the bar and do your job instead of getting rid of actual customers. You are horrible at your job and don't know how to handle people. To the owner if this is any indication you should fire her she is horrible and you will not get anymore customers because of her.
2	Came here to have a good night with friends and family, after what was supposed to be a relaxing evening, turned into an ordeal. I previously won a $50 gift card from a charity event supporting a young child needing a transplant. When I went to use this gift card, the manager came out and said this card is not valid since I could not produce a receipt for the said purchased card that was won from a raffle. Even after I showed him the legitimate raffle event's website and contacted the event staffs coordinator, the card was only honored for half the valued price. The manager even admitted that there was record of the card being activated in their system and yet would not honor it. Over all I do not plan on making a return.
