4	This place is super hip.Just to the right of the ARIA entrance if you're coming from the front, if you're inside Crystals it's right across from Todds PUB.Pretty chandeliers and even prettier women dancing (and balancing swords) on the catwalk in the center of the restaurant. Pear & Sage salad, Caesar Salad, Chicken Chop (flavorful), Beef Short Ribs (juicy & tender), Potato Puree (Mashed Taters), Creamed Corn (thick and tasty, not that stuff of your nightmares, a MUST ORDER), Sinnamon Twists, SHeSCAKE (not your normal cheesecake, a VERY HARD oatmeal crust? and some of the air-iest cheese cake I have ever had).Everything was good, service was attentive and the bill came out to $126 before gratuity for two people to get super stuffed.TRY IT, you won't be disappointed.
5	Favorite new place in Vegas!SHe has only been open about two weeks or so and I have already eaten here twice and I don't even live in Vegas, that should tell you something about this place. My first vist was less than one week from their opening date. I have been around the block a time or two and I know to usually expect a place this new to have the usuall teething pains that most new places experience but I was pleasantly suprised that there was no issues, not even small ones. The place operated like it had been there for years. Our table was ready within a couple minutes of us checking in with the hostess. There were four people in my party, three of whom ordered steaks/filet and the fourth ordered the Sea Bass. All three of us that ordered steak ordered different cuts and requested three different temps of cooking (rare, medium rare and medium well), they nailed all three, everyones steaks were cooked perfectly to their liking. We ordered several sides for the table, side portions were large and good for sharing, my personal favorite was the creamed spinach. Appetizers were great, we ordered a few plates of the baked oysters and everyone loved them. For desert we went with the tirimisu cups, a tray filled with a bunch of little portions of tirimisu served in cute little liqueur shot glasses. They also have some great desert drinks, the best one was the cupcake martini which tasted like a cupcake and had a glass rimmed with frosting and sprinkles. Now for the good stuff, and the part that sets this place apart from the rest. As I said the food is amazing but the atmosphere and entertainment takes things to another level. Lots of pretty people, a beautiful(woman) DJ spinning GREAT music in the center of the dining room and a handful of beautiful entertainers up on a stage/catwalk that meanders through the entire dining room. A contortionist and belly dancer were just a couple of the acts performing. Sort of a freak show, but in a good way, something you have to experience, very sexy yet tasteful with just a tad bit of tabu, perfect for Las Vegas in my opinion. As I mentioned I have been there twice and both times they had different entertainers, they know how to keep it fresh.
5	I was surprised to be able to get a reservation for dinner the same night when I called on Friday at 4pm, especially since it was a busy weekend with AVN in town.  I got there before my friend so I sat at the bar and got a dirty martini, which was perfect but SO expensive at $20.  I had, of course, looked at the menu before making reservations and prices seemed very reasonable for a steakhouse on the Strip so I was shocked to see the $20 tab for one drink.My friend showed up and we were seated in a big booth facing the catwalk.  I loved the ambiance, decor and atmosphere of the restaurant.  They had specialty acts to keep you entertained while you were eating, in case simple conversation with your dinner companion(s) wasn't enough.  There were a couple of gogos walking around on 4-foot tall stilts.  On the catwalk were rotating acts of various beautiful women dancing, doing acrobatics, or just walking around in extravagant costumes.  The addition of all this entertainment really added to the whole wonderful experience we had.The drink menu came and the drinks were very reasonably priced, which made me all the more shocked about my $20 martini.  I decided to switch it up and ordered a specialty cocktail with champagne, which was just ok.  We started off with fresh oysters, which tasted incredibly smooth and delicious.   We decided to share an 8 oz. filet, lobster tail and a side of "little bakers".  The price tag next to the lobster tail said "MP" and I've had lobster at various places along the strip and have never paid over $100 so I figured we were okay.  The food came and our jaws dropped at the sight of the lobster tail.  No exaggeration, it was nearly the size of football.  I remember thinking, "oh boy, we are in trouble" with regard to the bill.EVERYTHING was unbelievable.  The filet was cooked perfectly and that lobster tail was probably the best lobster I've ever eaten in my life.  The "little bakers" was this dish of little roasted potatoes cut into pieces and topped with sour cream, bacon, cheese and chives.  It was amazing.  We also shared a bottle of Zinfandel that the sommelier suggested.  It went perfectly with our meal.   We were completely stuffed by the time we were done eating so we did not order dessert.When our bill came, once again our jaws dropped to the floor to see that the lobster tail was $140!!!!  I was seriously like HOLY SHIIIIIII...!! Our total bill was $340, which was quite a bit more than I had expected, but I have absolutely NO regrets and think the food was worth every penny.  Other than the lobster tail and the $20 martini, the menu prices are not that bad at all in comparison with other steakhouses on the strip.  Our filet was only $36.  You can very easily have a wonderful meal here for 2 for under $150 to include steaks, sides and wine.  This may be my new favorite spot.  Our entire experience was phenomenal.
4	Couple things here... (A) the food is phenomenal. Creamed Corn is delish, the Filet was on point, Sea Bass bites were awesome... the Chopped Salad was one of the best salads I've EVER had (interesting mix of veggies not typically found in chopped salad)... I had a great dinner. However....(B) Service was... odd. Server rarely checked up on us... didn't explain any menu items, and would just do a plate drop but not introduce the dishes at all... it took a long time to get the meal out due to business demands, but even so, the server should at least check on us and keep us in the loop of the experience...  Bussers and Food Runners were great... however, our guy (Adam), could've done a better job to make us feel special.The variety acts throughout the evening in the restaurant are a nice distraction to overall wait time... some really talented performers rotate throughout the evening to put on mini performances for restaurant goers... very cool concept!
5	My new favorite restaurant in town!  Good food, fantastic performances!There's so many places in town for a great dinner out - but few with the great atmosphere and vibe you'll get at SHe.   The DJ was fantastic and the performers were even better - but not intrusive.
5	Easy 5 stars. Wow!!!! I have eaten at many high tier restaurants and I have to stay my most enjoyable dish has been at SHe by Morton's. They are located next to Crystals inside of City Center. We valet, walked through double doors to the right, made a left to the elevators to 2nd floor and the restaurant was to the immediate right outside of the elevators.  He made reservations for our Valentines Day dinner (cliche, blah blah blah, I don't care) for 7pm. We arrived a bit early, but the hostess seated us immediately. Shortly after out waiter came by, introduced himself and gave us menus. When he brought back the waters he took our drink order.We started off with a couple of drinks. I had Lavender Lemontini x 2 (delicious!) $15 and boyfriend had a glass of their Zinfandel. ($14)  Shortly after getting our drinks they brought four rolls of bread with cinnamon butter. The bread was soft and worked amazingly with the butter that melted right into the bread. Our server came back shortly after to take our appetizer  order. We opted for LITTLE BIG ROYALE'S $19 which were two mini burgers  with house made sauce toasted bun and cheddar. Those very HEAVENLY.  After our entree order was taken there was a slight wait for the food, but let me tell you...it WAS SO WORTH IT!  The waiter did check in letting us know approximate time of when we will be getting our food. We never felt abandoned. I had Pan Seared Salmon ($32) with jumbo lump crab  and lentils tomato buerre fondue. After the first bite my first reaction was "what is this witchcraft?!!". It was THAT good. The glaze was incredible and the fish cooked to perfection. The lentils worked amazingly with the texture of the fish. Boyfriend opted for Seared Seabass ($38) with miso glaze and haricot verts.  The fish was cooked very well, but the complexity of taste did not hold a candle to my salmon.  We also ordered a side of creamed corn ($11) to share and we finished it all. It was very good. After our food was delivered the waiter said "I am going to leave you two alone for now so that you can enjoy your romantic meal." I really appreciated that. They stopped by to refill drinks when getting to the halfway point, and when we assured him everything tastes great, he gave us our space. When on a romantic date with my honey, I really appreciate the intimate conversation without constant interruption. Also, I don't need someone bowing down to me constantly which is what some prima donnas seem to expect.The interior was very trendy and upscale while maintaining the classy vibe. They had some performers, but one was wearing some long 50s Mrs. Santa Claus looking dress. The other was dressed a bit more sexy and performed some great moves.I LOVE LOVE LOVE this place. And I love my boyfriend even more for taking me to such an amazing restaurant.
2	My boyfriend and I came here to celebrate Valentine's Day this year. We ordered the crab cakes for starters. As my main dish, I ordered the scallops and my bf ordered the special, a 40 oz Chicago ribeye that isn't on the menu.The crab cakes came and were absolutely delicious along with the bread that accompanies all meals. My scallops and his steak came out. My scallops came out in 4 pieces with a sweet bacon on top of creamed corn and wow! It was amazing! The food here at She was great, the reason that I'm giving this restaurant only 2 stars is because they brought out my bf's steak as medium well when he ordered it medium rare. We understand mistakes, which was fine but it took another 20 minutes for his correct steak to come out.He obviously didn't want to make a big deal out of it, but when you're paying $60 for a steak, c'mon. My food was sitting on the table and I wasn't gonna be rude and finish it and he not have his. When they finally brought his steak, they covered it in regular butter but we ordered the $12 bleu cheese to come on the side since I'm pregnant.Horrible, horrible service.To top that, it took about 10-15 min to bring out his wine, each time. He ordered 3 glasses and the only time he was able to get a taste is when I asked for it. For a fine dining restaurant, I expect that they bring a tasting to the table.The mashed potato sides he enjoyed, although I didn't. It was a bit dry with not much flavor.The asparagus was enjoyed by me, not by him. It was nothing particularly special, but none-the-less, veggies are almost always a good thing.The only side we agreed upon was the delicious creamed corn. It was sweet and creamy.We wish the service wasn't horrible. Other than that, I would've given this restaurant a better review. But, it was valentine's day. And it was ruined. I won't be coming back.PS we just asked for all of our stuff to go since we were extremely dissatisfied. When asked to package up our meal it took another 20 min. Wow, ridiculous.
1	I would NOT recommend this restaurant!  The food was good, but the service ruined the entire experience.  Our party was seated an hour late...AND we had to put an $1100 deposit down for our reservation.  Once the entrees finally came out it took an additional 20-25 minutes for the side dishes.  At that point we were already done with dinner and sent them back.  This restaurant certainly does not hold up to the Morton's name.  I would not waste my time and money at SHe!
5	I guess the reason this place only has 12 reviews is because it's really f*cking expensive and most people can't afford to eat here. Ife A. and I have developed this routine of having our weekly "Adventures of Randomness", and since it was Valentines Day I assumed we would have one giant motherf*cking profanely violent V-Day full of good old fashion assaults, grand theft, and lots of death metal. But, she had other plans.  She had heard about SHE BY MORTON'S after reading an article in a magazine earlier in the week. It ended up being the most "ritzy" restaurant I had ever eaten at. Honestly, it was a complete new experience to me. 99% of my dining is done at Ramen-Yas, and Sushi joints, so coming to a restaurant that served "white people food" was a complete out of body experience. Of course, Ife had to make the reservations because I'm incompetent at everything not related to  my profession. Seriously, I struggle to perform daily tasks such as shopping for groceries, preparing food, and using technology.  This is obviously a 5-star establishment. The servers are ALL extremely friendly and hardworking. I don't think I have ever seen such good service in my life, it's even better than Japanese hospitality. I did have some difficulties. It's very loud in this place. They got a DJ and a bunch of ...kinda stripper girls(I think). I lost all but approximately 30% of my hearing in my left back when I was a teenage athlete, so going to any club/bar/party is extremely difficult to me. I just can't hear anything anybody says. Like literally the whole night was me just nodding my head to whatever Ife said, and pretending I could hear her. But the loud atmosphere was probably my only complaint. As I recall, we ordered this $80 steak which was the best steak I have ever had in my life. I can't recall what cut of beef it was. I think it might have been a porterhouse, but it's texture was similar to a normal places filet(really high quality). We ordered the steak medium rare, and they did a great job searing the outside, while keeping the inside bloody. I also want to note that the steaks here come a la carte, with no sides.  As an appetizer we got oysters on the half shell. It was like $18 or something and we only got 4 oysters. They better have been organic because that was a lot of money for 4 half-dollar sized oysters. A lot of the items didn't really have a clear and visible price next to them, so I assumed the check would be anywhere from $500- $1000, but it ended up being somewhere around $200. To me, that's really low for such a high-end restaurant.  I mean, we did get dessert, a side of creamed spinach(which was really good), and something called Dom Perignon(being Straight Edge I had no clue what that was). For $200, it was worth it. The only thing that sucked about the night was that I accidentally tipped the valet $10.
5	This place is wonderful.    The bread was lovely.  My dinner companion, another foodie, ordered the sea bass and I ordered the filet.  Both were phenomenal    We did a little bit of sharing    Yummy.  Next time I visit Vegas I will definitely come back to this place    Absolutely.
1	EWWWWW!! NASTY NASTY NASTY NASTY!!!!!!!!!!!!! I wish I could give ZERO stars! Hmm... where do I begin?My husband and I worked our ASSES off last year and were patiently waiting for our tax returns to come back so we can have the extra money to get away to Las Vegas for a weekend! We were both SO excited! FINALLY!!!After planning the travel & hotel, $1000 later- we decided to try this new restaurant. WHAT A MISTAKE! PEOPLE! IF YOU DONT WANT TO BE STUCK IN YOUR HOTEL ROOM FOR THE REMAINING STAY OF YOUR TRIP- DO NOT GO HERE!My husband got brutal food poisoning from this nasty DUMP! Im not talking about a stomach ache at night while your asleep, and you wake up and take a SH*T...i'm talking about can't walk, eyes and mouth watering, horrific stomach pain, PURE VOMITING AND equal diarrhea for 24 hours!!! GROSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Our money-WASTED-thrown out the window!!!! The trip we worked so hard for totally ruined. My heart breaks just thinking about it. We were literally in our room for the entire day- we tried to go to the lunch and my husband's eyes were watering and he was gagging at the table and running back and forth to the bathroom throwing up!!! My friend lives in LV, so when she tried meeting us for lunch, she thankfully drove us back to the hotel and had to stop on the side of the road so my husband can puke in a bush! THEN when we got back up to the room, more vomitting, more diarrhea. AWFUL! This lasted all day! We were leaving the next morning, so needless to say, we didn't get to do much in LV. We know it was this restaurant because we drove all day Friday, just to get to LV from CA, and we had Wendy's french fries, so you do the math!!!We were SO excited for this restaurant, what a disappointment. Not to mention the food is gross even before my husband got sick. Hard, rolls with salt on top (seems like they were frozen) I got the chicken and it had not one drop of salt or pepper and it had a salty gravy on the side (disgusting) And burnt to a CRISP brussel sprouts ($28) and my husband got the spare ribs, EWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWSave your $$$$$$ don't go here- go to McDonald's instead!
5	As good as Vegas gets!
5	Love it, next time i will take my wife with me!!!!
3	To start, we are VIP Wine Locker holders at Morton's San Francisco.  We do hold a very high standard for quality of service, quality of the meal, quality of the experience and the entire atmosphere of the establishment.  SHe breaks the mold of the Morton's chain as an upscale boutique steakhouse with the highroller twist of Las Vegas.  That being said we may have held a biased view of what to expect before we actually began our meal.  We did have what we would consider an almost epic fail experience at the restaurant but we need to clarify, holding an idea that SHe is a part of Morton's is a falsehood.  Don't walk into this establishment with the idea that you'll have the 12-21 atmosphere.  This place is lively and has a great DJ and absolutely stunning ladies who dance throughout the restaurant (epic win for those of us who appreciate this).  The wine list though limited has an impressive array, big cabs that will pair nicely with any steak.  Our service experience though was our epic fail.  We waited for quite a while, 10-12 minutes before service actually began at our table. Yes, we actually time this.  If we do not receive service in the first 15 minutes with first drinks on table we walk.  The menu presentation was rushed and quickly glazed over by our waiter.  The waiter took all of 10 seconds to describe the specials for the night.  This left little time for us to let the idea of trying the specials sink into our heads.  We couldn't  remember what type or size of Kobe it was and really left little desire to ask again about specials.  Needless to say, we did specify a "special" steak preparation which a photo was provided and chef approved.  When the meal was delivered, upon tabling, the waiter admitted the steak was not prepared correctly and still served it.  Now the saving grace, the waiter did realize the epic fail and actually without our engagement requested to bring the GM over to discuss our meal and the experience we had.  The GM went above and beyond correcting the situation and more than graciously fixed our bill for the errors, even going so far above and beyond that the GM comped a meal that was exquisitely perfect.  This brings us to quality of the dinner served, bar none, even with the error of overall presentation of the meal, the steak was cooked to precise perfection.  The filet melted in your mouth and the aged seasoning flavors, charred saltiness, was not overpowering to the palette.  In summary, we hope to return in the next month for a second try and update our review to 5 stars.
5	Was just there on a recommendation from Concierge at Mandarin Oriental - and Helen get a 5-star also.Food was outstanding! - (1 steak barely overcooked) but all the sides/bread/drinks and my rib-eye was really to die for.  Then there was the ambiance - a host of entertainment (contortionists, and assorted other sexy {not naked} dancers) on a runway through the restaurant.  Really made for nice conversation.  TJ the manager and his team really hooked us up.  We'd love to go back. Well done Morton's - She is a hit!
5	Having lived in New York City, high priced steaks are not a new thing for us. Once a year, we do a big expensive meal for either Christmas or our anniversary, and we've dined at Morton's, Smith & Wollensky, Ruth Chris, Peter Luger's, Bobby Flay's Bar Americain and Mesa Grill, and Del Frisco, to name a few places. We were told about this place by my husband's friend/business colleague and so on our first trip to Vegas, we went.I'm a red meat lover and this was one of the BEST steaks I've had. Ever. (See above for frame of reference). As a starter, we split the pear & saga salad, and I'm generally not a fan of fruits in my salad, but my husband loves pears, so I gave it the benefit of the doubt. I'm glad I did, the dressing was nice and not overwhelming, though I do wish there was a little extra bleu cheese on the salad.I ordered the 8-oz strip steak medium rare and it came out closer to rare, but really, it was rare perfection. My husband got the 8-oz ribeye with shrimp, and he also was very pleased. As a side, we ordered the creamed corn, which I thought was fine (nothing exciting) but really, you go to a steakhouse for steak.The cocktails were strong as well. I got a lavender lemontini, and while there wasn't a lot of lavender, there was a lot of bite - as in alcohol. In a rare move, we ordered dessert (we're usually full by the time we're done but were explicitly instructed by our friend to leave room). We got the peanut butter and jelly, which was a peanut butter and chocolate mousse cake with a concord jelly mousse to the side. It was different and creamy and delicious. I think if I came for straight up dessert, I'd have given the popcorn milkshake a try.The service was quite good, our server, Quinn, was attentive without hovering, and the busboys also appropriately obsequious. Quinn also made recommendations for us, this being our first time in Vegas, and it was nice to hear opinions on shows we were considering, and other activities as well.NOTE: PLEASE DO NOT TAKE YOUR CHILDREN HERE. While dining. to the side, there was a family and they had three girls, ranging from about 5 to 10, and one girl loudly said, "Mom, SHE DOESN'T HAVE CLOTHING ON." (There are dancers wearing lingerie). There are better and more family appropriate places to expose your children to fine dining. This restaurant is DEFINITELY NOT ONE OF THEM. This is great for a guys' dinner out, a business dinner (there were two groups of investment bankers here), a date, but not a family with children of grade school to middle school age.
4	We came here for my twin cousin's 21st birthday.  We did the club, not the food and it was really fun!  The dancers were great, they did a few different acts, both males and females to make everyone happy and they really did.  They lose a star for the price of drinks but otherwise this place is a lot of fun!
4	This review is really limited to Restaurant Week menu.  Never came here when it was Beso, but was very pumped to check this place out for Restaurant Week.  We had a 6 p.m. reservation (yeah, with the 80 year olds) and got there a few minutes early.  Although we had the option of getting seated, we decided to have a beer on the patio first.  I'm not sure if it is because this was my Last Supper before my Insanity diet started, but man, that Fat Tire was bomb.Once we were seated, I started checking out the place.  I liked the atmosphere, although it was on the quiet side.  Then I remembered:  It's 6 o'clock.  Started with some raw oysters which we ordered off the regular menu.  I would say these oysters were nothing special, so we should probably have stuck to RW.  As far as RW menu goes, I had the chopped salad and my BF had the caesar.  I didn't get a bite, so his must have been good.  My chopped salad was pretty great, especially the candied pecans and the house dressing was just right.  For entrees, we split skirt steak and salmon and shared two sides, wild mushrooms and pureed potatoes.  I really enjoyed all the food, especially the salmon dish which included lentils and pieces of lump crab.  My only real complaint is the same complaint I have for the original Morton's:  Way too much oil on the steak!  I'm a meat lover and all that oil is just wrong.  Dessert was shescake (seriously) and cinnamon twists.  The twists were blah but the shescake more than covered the dessert bases.Now for the best part:  Around 7:30 this place went nuts.  Girls came out in bustiers and on stilts and things got kind of weird after that but I really enjoyed it!  haha.  There was also a girl dj and that was cool to see.  P.S. our server was this sweet little thing from Indiana (whose name escapes me because I was too focused on grubbing) and service was great.  Would definitely go back here.
3	*** Review is for Spring 2013 Restaurant Week menu ***I didn't know SHe by Morton's existed until I saw it on the Restaurant Week list.  SInce I've eaten at most places in Aria and have yet to try more than Mastro's in Crystals, I put this on my list for restaurant week.Course 1:  I started with a Caesar salad.  It was quite a large serving.  It had just the right amount of dressing and the croutons were flat pieces of crusty, toasted bread almost like little Melba toast rounds.Course 2:  I ordered the marinated skirt steak extra rare.  When the steak came out, it was a 6 ounce filet they were substituting.  It had an excellent char and was bright pink rather than being the red it should have been.Course 3:  For this course, you have a choice of one side.  I chose the wild mushrooms.  They were excellent and there was a large amount.  If two people were dining, two of these sides would be more than enough to share.  It would have been nice if I could have gotten half portions of two sides, but I understand the need for conformity.Course 4:  I went with the Shesecake.  On their menu, it has this description:  Cream Cheese Bavarian, Champagne Strawberries.  There was a sprig of lavender on the top and some graham cracker crumbles on the side besides the graham crust.  The Shesecake was very, very good.  It was not like any cheesecake I had before.  I'm glad I read Heather's review before I went.  Because she stated the cinnamon twists were blah, I had to go with the Shesecake.Service was excellent.  Before being taken to your table, your asked to sit at the bar while the table is readied.  It's actually a way of forcing you to buy a drink.  I got a diet Coke and took that to the table with me.  During the meal, my server came around and asked if it was regular or diet.  With 1/3 of a glass to go, he still removed that and gave me a fresh drink.  He then brought me a small plate with sliced lemon wedges for the soda.  He was around several times.  After each course was delivered, he checked to make sure everything was OK.  The staff was very on top of the restaurant during the time I was there, and they really move.I almost opted for patio seating, but I decided to eat indoors to see the interior as this was my first visit.  I'm glad I did.  I still had a chance to watch tourists walk by outside the windows, and I had a good view of part of the Aria Hotel.  I am pleased that SHe by Morton's participated in Restaurant Week and I'll be returning to try some of their seafood offerings.  The menu is tempting!
2	People who said this is one of the best steak house they ever had... Obviously doesn't know better, coming from a gal who eats everywhere in vegas this place is mediocre... Oh and the girls dancing or dusting in  middle of the dinnig area!? dunno if that helps either it's not tacky but it's just silly. I want good steak and fat foie gras Michael Mina and Gordon Ramsey steak
2	Opulent by all means! Don't seat at the bar. Rude bartender! Seriously, I feel that people that work in bars and restaurants in Vegas, hate their job or tourists.
2	Eh. Came here for a special work dinner during it's grand opening week and wasn't too impressed.There was a runway in the middle of the restaurant which is an interesting concept: "Steakhouse for her." And there were models in "interesting" outfits strutting their stuff on the catwalk and around the restaurant itself. It was pretty weird bcuz there'd be a girl just staring at you/performing/modeling while you eat.Anyways, back to the food. Co-workers and I had brussel sprouts, mushrooms, caesar salad, and filet. I'll tell you now that it's nothing out of the ordinary. In fact, I can make brussels, mushrooms, and salad just as good....so, whatevs. Honestly, it reminded me of the previous steakhouse, Beso....just redecorated....
2	Nice staff, but the food was mediocre. Apps were tasty, but main courses were bland and nothing to get excited about. I'm not one to complain about alcohol, but their drinks tasted like rocket fuel, all 8 of us left our martins alone. Head to the Cosmo for better food.
5	I was a little confused about the exact location thinking it was inside of the Aria, but SHe is inside of Crystals technically.  Anyway, we celebrated my sister's bachelorette party dinner here.  Reservations were easy to make.. The actual private party contact person was a bit rude and unhelpful when I initially called.. But I was able to talk to the regular dining area contact person and they were great. Arrived around 7pm on Saturday night and it wasn't too packed or anything.  We were escorted to this private dining area. Gorgeous room and man, our waiter and bus boy were so friendly.  We had a blast! I ordered their beef short rib and I have never tasted meat so tender and it literally melted in my mouth.  I tried my sister's red snapper bites and the sauce was so dang good.  I'm drooling just thinking about the food haha. So in the evening time, I guess they have these entertainers walk this walkway in the main dining area.  I saw this lady do some crazy acrobatic stuff.. Pretty cool.All in all, we had an awesome time and grubbed on some superb food. The portions were definitely skimpy... Like way small... But it was worth it. I highly recommend this place for anyone visiting Vegas!
4	Being an Aria regular I had to try SHE when I saw it. Walked in and the decor was beautiful the music was great and the menu looked delicious. Not to mention the half naked acrobats. We were seated promptly at a very comfortable booth. This is where the 5 stars turned into a 4. It took 10 minutes before the waiter even came to greet us. If the restaurant was packed I would understand but it was not very busy. I ordered the 16oz Prime Strip ($49) with the chopped salad large ($16) and the mushrooms ($11) for myself and my gf. It was definitely more than enough food. After ordering we put in some drink orders and literally all the food came and we still had not gotten the drinks. After 5 minutes the waiter came to check on us and I asked him where the drinks were he said he forgot to put them in. He didn't even apologize or offer to comp us the drinks for his error. Overall the food was delicious and surpassed my expectations. The steak was cooked a perfect medium rare and the kitchen did great. I think the waiters could use a bit more training but I will be going back to SHE next time I'm at Aria.
5	Wow... this was fun!  We hit the restaurant at 7:15 PM on a Wednesday evening and really didn't expect much.  But even though we were part of the 'early crowd' we were treated fabulously.  The young woman at the door was lovely and very swish... and it just got better.  The whole room is elegantly appointed, and the staff are not only attractive, but very accomplished at their jobs.  Hell, the way they worked together, their deportment and the synchronicity would have made Quasimodo look good.  Fabulous hostesses, wait staff and the bussers.  Actually, the bus staff was so good that they deserve kudos.  The lovely woman behind the bar was stunning, showing just enough ink to be evocative without being offensive... but to be fair, her smile would have made up for anything.Our little banquette was very comfortable... and the waitress, a young, elegant blond was brilliant...not your usual pretty airhead... this girl knew her stuff.  So we had some of those loverly sea bass bites... highly recommend them.  Followed  it up with the Caesar salad and the strip loin steak, a brilliant Angus cut from a corn-fed herd somewhere in Nebraska (yes, the lovely lady waitress went and quizzed the chef for us on the origin of the protein!!).   We split both... the portions are generous enough to do it easily.  And the wine was also lovely... and the wine guy (can't spell selmillion, or whatever) was clever enough to recognize that what I ordered might be too heavy for the lady and suggested a small ice cube... you don't see that kind of sensibility and recommendation often...at least not on this side of the Atlantic.  Again, I was pleased with the maturity of the team looking after us...And then the fun... ohmigawd.  Gorgeous women.  Vamping.  Playing up the Gatsby-esque feel of the their costumes, in spite of the stilts (long legged brunettes make me  crazy!)... and the little flapper was stunning!  And so much fun.  And the third woman shall go uncommented upon... my dinner companion would be furious if I mentioned too much about her.  Oh... the DJ?  She is very good... watch her.  As she matures she has the potential to be a force to be reckoned with.The manager of the place was wonderful.  I didn't catch her name, but she runs a fabulous crew.  Sure, we could see some of the usual 'kitchen drama' going on, but she has a great sense of her team, reined them in when necessary, and let them run when it was important.  This lady is class... hell, the whole place was class.And did I mention the gorgeous girls?
2	I dined at She roughly a month ago. I was excited to try the "new steakhouse in CityCenter". Upon entering the establishment, I noticed the beautiful decor and aesthetically pleasing lounge area. There were scantily clad women walking a catwalk and go go dancing for entertainment while you waited and enjoyed dinner. My first impression was positive.The service was excellent, and the General Manager even introduced herself to us and asked how we were doing that evening.The downside? The food. My steak was cooked unevenly, where half the steak was medium rare and the other half was overcooked. The sides were bland and unmemorable. The best dish was the scallop entree that my guest ordered that night. The Mortons name screams excellence. Unfortunately, the food I was served screamed mediocre. I give two stars for the decor and service, otherwise I would have given one for the meal.
3	I'm not going to lie, I had a really good time at dinner.  The space is gorgeous, and feels as trendy as they are shooting for.  There are catwalk "stages" that go throughout the restaurant where scantily clad dancers are entertaining above you while you dine.So why 3 stars?  Well for one, the hostesses were just a little much for me.  I should have had a reservation, I was standing there when my Host made me the reservation on the phone before we left the Hotel, but they claimed to not have received the call.  Regardless, there were clearly tables available, and yet we still had to wait an hour.  It was just annoying that they acted like they were doing me a favor and were pretty frigid each time I asked how much longer.Our server on the other hand was fantastic.  And the food was.....good.  Not amazing, but good.  An appetizer of Black Cod was well done, where I found the crab cake appetizer to be just OK.  We had a fried shrimp dish app which was also very good.  And the steaks, well it's a Morton's concept, so they were standard, solid Morton's fare.Overall fun, but with the stupid amount of great restaurants in Vegas, I doubt I would be back.
1	Morton's should be embarrassed.I am a Morton's VIP and I would NEVER and I mean NEVER step foot in this restaurant. From the Arrogant GM to the server...they should be embarrassed. I love getting insulted even after telling them I have been a Morton's VIP for 5 years..Not Landry's, but Morton's. Laughable.I guess if you are on the strip, you don't need customer service.
5	I went here tonight and felt compelled to write this review. I went for drinks and dessert with my friends from out of town(I moved to Las Vegas area two weeks ago). We were seated in Russ's area. He is such a friendly and amazing server. He recommended stuff to us and even brought me a sample of their cream corn my friends were raving about(they came the night before as well). We had some cupcake shots that had frosting and sprinkles on them. We had champagne and then a huge dessert platter of all the things you could want, cheesecake, some kinda bread cake, choc cake, some kind of fluffy moose stuff.. ALL GOOD. The GM came over and spoke to us a few times to see how we were doing. She was very friendly and accommodating. My friend said she wanted to go to Ghost Bar that night with her family that was in from Illinois and the GM called her friend she knew at Palms to make sure the ladies got walked in. They had a fashion show on their catwalk which was entertaining. Then after they had the hottest girls dancing on stage. One was a belly dancer and one was on pointe shoes-and their booties hanging out in a classy way:) The guys next to us were eating some juicy steaks which looked amazing as well. Overall, I am definitely go back with some friends cause I know they will be impressed. This place is somewhat new and I could imagine it getting pretty packed sooner than later.
4	Decent priced steakhouse with some side entertainment every hour or half hour.  Interesting crowd.  Food was only okay, but I ordered sea bass that day.  Next time I'll try a steak.
3	With all of the amazing restaurant choices on the strip, I'm not sure we'll be returning. The main dishes, especially the steaks, were just OK. Highlights were the service (all around), the sea bass bites (starter) & the sommelier was very knowledgable. The dancers were a fun change of pace for a restaurant and were very good, they were almost a little much at times. Overall, we didn't completely dislike our visit, but at the same time, overall we weren't fully impressed. Atmosphere fun and different, but most of the food just OK.
3	Concept.. That's all...burlesque while you eat and pics oppt... Food is mediocre..pricy and portions are small.. . Not even one third is full  .. Although it was a week night... Doesn't look like they will be open open for long... They deserve credit for trying something new though..
4	So I went here with 5 of my best friends before we hit the town.  It wasn't very packed at all.  The facilities are well kept and very upscale chic.  Highlight of the dining experience was the dancers.  This was the perfect place for a girls dinner.Food:  I had the scallops and they were delicious (typical scallops at this caliber of a restaurant.  Nothing fancy however to get 5 stars.Everyone else also enjoyed there food, no complaints at all!
4	We stopped by the bar before going to see Zarkana.  I had to try the Cupcake Martini...saw an article about it and had to see what it was all about.  It was well mixed and was dessert in a glass!  Nice bartender and nicely decorated space.
1	shrimp tempura came out cold and too much mayo. seabass has too much oil, could not taste salt or pepper,  desserts  are loaded with sugar and no caked choices ..oysters was small and salty. all dishes are small portion and very expensive. they have costume girls dancing around but their out of shape body ruin every thing. after spending 437.00 for dinner for 2 persons, it not worth it.
5	Side note i wrote this in january '13 but it got posted recently:Vegas' newest hot spot for dinner? well it is. We were looking for somewhere new to dine this trip and our concierge reccomended this new hip pretty people place right downstairs at City Center/Aria. Needeless to say, Im So glad we decided to check  it out. We had an 830p reservation. we wouldve gone later but couldnt get a reservation since we booked it later in the day. It worked out though because we made a nigh tof it and didnt leave until after 11. Started off with a great server, Will. Super personable and knowledge of the menu was great. We enjoyed him serving us right along with the dishes.First course, sea bass bites which rocked. Very flabvorful and the bass was soft and cooked properly. We had salads, wedge and pear for mid course both were excellent, cruncy and fresh.For our mains steak of course..his and hers filet, both excellent and my blakc and blue pittsburgh was prepared exactrly as it should be.Some good cocktails and a nice malbec for the mains..we were very happy whjen we left. The desserts looked amazing on the menu which has a little mirror in it as our server delivered the menus he opened them and said "can you see yourself having desssert? " cute play on words and fun and flirty like the rest of our dinner. Check out SHe for soemthing new different and fun, its a great laternative to STK and it was some fun live dnacing and burlesque performers, a nightclub upstairs and overall is a WIN :)
4	We were looking for a place to celebrate my Father's birthday and we came across this restaurant at Crystals in the Aria Hotel. It used to be the old Besos (which I wrote a review on). Quinn was our server and she was excellent! Great personality and very knowledgeable about the menu!SHe is a fine dinning boutique steakhouse that integrates fashion and music. Fun atmosphere where there are burlesque dancers that don't speak walking around entertaining the diners in a very classy way!Quinn knew that we were there to celebrate a birthday and we were given complimentary Birthday Cupcake Shots...great way to start the party off!Food was excellent, especially the add-on's like Foie Gras Butter...YUM!Everyone enjoyed their meal and we'll be back to visit on our next trip!
3	The ambeiance and resturant were awesome, the fashion show also was cool. But i go to Mortons for the food and the food was sub par to be associated with the Mortons name. Dont care anout portions or prices but from the oysters to my wifes filet to my seafood plater were all inline with a 3 star resturant.  Service was great, one complaint would be to kick out the regulars who stood at the bar yelling like its a sports bar.
2	UPDATED REVIEWWow, what happened,??? I gave SHe a 5-star rating back in Jan. but when I returned last week things were VERY different. The place was nearly empty, there were no more "entertainers"  and no more DJ performing in the dining room. Now SHe is just another steakhouse on the strip no different than the dozen plus other steakhouses within a mile or two radius of SHe. Food was still good but definately nothing to draw me back ever again. When I asked about the entertainers they said they were "going a different direction"....makes no sense to me, the entertainers were the draw. Sorry to say I will probably not be returning unless they go back to their old ways. Somebody really missed the target on this one.
5	This was a game time decision because we spent to much time in the pool and had ALOT to drink!  Upscale casual vibe.  Great music mix and vey trendy.  Food was phenomenal!  Pomme Frites were awesome as were the truffle mashed potatoes.  Steaks were a great value for "strip" steakhouses and the atmosphere was fun and flirty.  Definitely on par with all of the other big name steakhouses on the Vegas strip !  Great for date night, girls/boys night out, or a  fun dinner out!
2	I used to LOVE this place, but without the entertainment it's just another place on the strip to get an overpriced steak.  Don't get me wrong - the food is still great.  But that's not the reason you go to SHe - you go for the entertainment.  Without it, there's no edge.  I'm saddened.  I used to recommend this place to all my out of town friends, but after making a big deal about it I was floored to find the entertainment gone last night.  That will probably be my last trip to SHe.  It was fun while it lasted.  ....on to the next hot-spot.
3	I'm giving 3 stars b/c the food is still top-notch but they take a serious hit for getting rid of the entertainment.  I used to bring clients there for dinner meetings and recommend this place to my out-of-town friends all the time.  The entertainment wasn't trashy and there were some pretty interesting performances like sword balancing, girls on stilts, etc.Now, it's just another steak place...It's a shame
5	Wow!  Pricey but good!  I came here with my father and his friend while I was on a business trip.  We made reservations and were seated near the window that faces the front of the Aria.  This is my first experience in Vegas and anything by Mortons.  I had a 12oz center cut and we split the mash potato dish.  The sides are meant to be shared so I grabbed some of his salad.  The meat was cooked to the way like it, medium well, and was served promptly.  Whenever I go back to Vegas, if I want a steak, this place will definetly be on my short list.
3	We've enjoyed sHe before but my medium well filet care out rare.  Also, I asked that the asparagus be left off the crab on top of the filet but they mixed it with the crab anyway.  I'm glad they got rid of the "entertainers" - eating while they moved around was a little creepy.
3	This is a tough 3 star review. It was a really up and down experience...Our server was polite, knowledgable about the menu and solid throughout our meal, but the timing of everything was really bad. Our bread came out after the meal was served, the wine I ordered to pair with my waygu was served 5 minutes after my steak, my friends medium steak was served closer to blue and my wine had a ton a of sediment at the bottom of it. When your spending $200 on a meal you expect things to be a little bit tighter... When I got the bill I was a bit frustrated both the wine and the full price of our entrees were on there. I kindly asked the server to remove the wine which he did.One thing that really did impress me is the server walked past and saw the way my friends steak was prepared, he immediately offered to take it back and give us an additional side of foie gras butter.Overall if your able to spend the additional $30-50 per person I strongly suggest going to Mastro's.
4	I went here for dinner with friends. We got seated right away. Our server, Andrew was great.  He made excellent recommendations and made sure we got our money's worth. We might have been famished since we kept getting more bread - the cinnamon butter was delicious.After a long day of drinking which started at 11am for me, I got a cocktail, a lobster roll and split a Tomahawk steak with a giant. We were offered Dom Perignon for $100/bottle as their special for the evening but since nobody in our group wanted it except for me and I know I shouldn't drink a whole bottle of alcohol by myself, we opted to miss out on this great deal.Pink Lemonade: Bacardi Limon + Grey Goose Citron + Chambord.  I took a few sips and I was done. It was citrusy and pretty strong or maybe I've reached my alcohol limit for the day. 3/5Cupcake Shot:Vanilla vodka + other things I cannot remember after a whole day of drinking. 4/5Espresso Shot:Coffee liqueur, etc. Delicious! You can't taste the alcohol until you feel that buzz.  5/5Lobster Roll:I was excited to see this on the menu but my excitement died when I saw it in front of me. The roll was dry and super crunchy. Sliced into 4 pieces...maybe because there were 4 of us? But the lobster meat was chopped into teeny tiny pieces. The creme fraiche (not mayo...yay!) was light. This is a steak place, I get it. 3/5Tomahawk:50oz of pure beefy goodness for $169! Not on the menu but your server will let you know about it. Served with spinach and tomatoes soaked in 100-year-old balsamic vinegar. Tender, fatty (I don't like animal fat but I knew what I was getting myself into) but needs a bit more salt, otherwise, it would've been perfect! The meat on the bone...ooohhhh... 4/5Dessert Sampler:PB&J, tiramisu, flourless chocolate cake and cheesecake. The chocolate cake was my least favorite and surprisingly, the PB&J was the star of this sampler. Crazy! It was a peanut butter mousse and a thin layer of chocolate with a side of raspberry "jelly" with the consistency of gelatin + cream. 4/5It's 20% off for locals. They have a DJ and some girls on a ramp on busy nights like Friday/Saturday. Their steak selections are divided into 3: She Cuts (for the ladies who want petite and less fatty steaks like 6oz filet and 8oz short steak for about $36), He Cuts (the bigger and "manlier" steaks such as 8oz or 12oz filet, 16oz prime strip or ribeye from $40-50, 22oz Chicago-style bone-in ribeye at market price..I prefer steaks from this side) and We Cuts (to be shared by a couple: 32oz bone in New York strip for $79 or a 40oz porterhouse for $96). So, this place isn't ridiculously expensive.
4	Finally was able to check out She the other night with some friends when we found out it was 20% off for locals. Not sure if that is a regular thing, just Sundays or just that one day... you may have to call and ask. Additionally, they were doing a special with bottles of Dom P for $100!!! I was down to do it but nobody else was so we just ordered individual drinks.Service gets a 5 out of 5 for me. Andrew was our server and was very attentive and did a great job explaining specials and some of his favorites on the menu. As a group we tend to go through a lot of bread and he kept it coming throughout the whole meal.My biggest negative was the price of drinks... wow. Nightclub prices at a restaurant.Cupcake Shot:Vanilla vodka, some sort of cream I believe and something else... the rim was lined with icing and sprinkles. I'm not a fan of these type of shots but this one was pretty good!Tomahawk (I didn't get it but the others did):50 oz for $169... a bit out of my price range and considering the bone probably makes up for 10-15oz didn't think it was really worth it. However, I tried a few bites and... oh man... drooooool. I'm not a big steak fan, but I could probably eat that every day for the rest of my life and be a happy camper.Caesar Salad:Split this with Kacey as an appetizer. Pass on this... The lettuce was overly chilled for me and I wasn't a fan of their Caesar dressing.Short Rib:I find that we've been ordering short rib just about everywhere we go lately. This was probably the second best I've ever had but it was really close to first. Delicious! Perfectly cooked and really good flavor.Dessert Sampler:I normally don't make it to dessert but seeing as how I split my meals with Kacey I had some room left over. Peanut Butter Mouse Cake (I think) with a side of raspberry "jelly" whipped cream of sorts on the side was the star of this platter. But the others were very tasty as well: flour-less chocolate cake, cheesecake, little hershey kiss type things and a tiramisu.This place is not cheap but it is a beautiful venue with a nice atmosphere. They used to do runway shows and have a DJ every night from what I understand but now it is just on Fridays.
5	Excellent food for a vegan as well!My husband and I went to She on our last night in Vegas. First week of December 2013. We stayed at the Aria and they gave us a $100 gift card ( because my husband had a birthday that week) to spend at the Crystals shops or restaurants. We choose to go to She and were extremely pleasantly surprised!We were seated right away when we arrived. 8:30pm reservation. Place was not very busy, but it didn't matter to us. I heard "She" is getting bad reviews now because they no longer have the dancers that apparently drew the crowds. Out server was Andrew. Very knowledgable and attentive. Now, I am a vegan. My husband eats meat, so he ordered the special for that night - steak and lobster tail, and he had a peanut Butter dessert - he loved it!! Well, here is me telling Andrew I'm a vegan and asking him what could the chef alter and tweak off the menu to suit a vegan!! Let me tell you, my message was well delivered to the chefs and my meal was delicious. I ordered a mixed salad which was a good size, not tiny at all. I like to eat!! For my main course they made me steam vegetables accompanied by 5 different sauces, beautifully sliced avocado and amazingly tasty gnocchi!!! The gnocchis are to die for. The steamed vegetables came in a huge oval plate - a pretty big portion for one person. I didn't really eat desert since I ate all my veggies... :)The icing in the cake was when chef Erick came to our table to have a chat!!! It was perfect because I got to thank him personally for catering to my "vegan" needs!! I really appreciated it!All in all, my husband and I really enjoyed our time there! You will, too!!
4	came toward the end of the evening on a monday. pretty empty around 945p with about 3 tables and a couple at the bar. obviously got seated quickly. mama and i already had hit up a couple HH spots before ending here for dinner. mama and i ordered the 12oz filet and the caesar along with a side of the mash, all to share. mama is a little nervous around the "pink" so i was forced to order the steak MedWell, which, to my surprise, She did very well. very little pink left, but, not tough at all. salad was good and taters were amazing! overall service was FAAAANTASTIC, especially since we were the jerks who were keeping these guys from going home early. :) located in  the mall, be aware that Morton's is NOT Mastro's. we ALMOST learned this the hard way while waiting to use our Morton's Giftcard... Oooops.
4	Came in at around 8pm on a weekday. There were plenty of tables despite the many conferences in the area (not a good sign). Menu was similar to Morton's restaurants, and the first feel I had was that they may be emphasizing their bar - its the only place that had more lights around it. The dining area is as dark as the bar counter area, minus the lights so it felt as if I was eating at a bar table - albeit with real comfy seats. I like the darkened environment after a long day, so its not bad for me, but it is darker than most dining establishments.The steak came out pretty good. I asked for my standard bone-in Chicago cut medium rare ribeye, which was crispy on the outside and red in the center, as good as any you get at Morton's. (A brief comparison, at 22oz, it was thicker than the one they serve at Morton's). The crispiness was good, though I may have been overcooked a little (due to its large size) because it was a bit more medium at the sides.My server was very friendly but given the number of people in the restaurant, I thought service was a tad slow. I waited almost half a steak (i.e. i ate half my steak) for my water to be refilled, and it took forever for the steak and check to arrive. I blame it on the slow weekday they were having since its probably reduced staff. Again, not everyone minds, but I wanted to get out of there quickly, so I felt the wait (again, there's no one there, so I don't get why I had to wait so long.)Nevertheless, I got a great steak at a pretty normal high-quality steakhouse price. Not too exhorbitant (there are a lot of pretty expensive places with not so high-quality stuff around this restaurant, diners beware!)4* because there are areas to improve on and it doesn't really stand out from the Morton's chain. Unless you're love eating steak in a bar-like environment (which I don't)
1	The bartenders didn't know how to make almost half of the drinks we ordered.  I had heard there were dancers before I went but I guess all of that is gone now.  Skip it.
4	A fun, sexy and hip place. Great food and entertainment including an acrobat and fashion show on Friday nights.
5	This is a sexy restaurant by mortons..they have dancers around the tables..hamachi app..oysters. .but u have to order.Tomahawk plate..amazing..and unbelievable desert tray
4	Amazing vibe with food off the charts!We had the scallops with we're very well done in both recipe and presentation!Great place for customer meeting!
4	Posted up at the bar for a few hours and had a ton of custom drinks made for us. Amazing bartenders and atmosphere! Definitely worth the $$$
5	I've been to Morton's steakhouses prior to coming here, and I'll just say She by Morton's did not disappoint! It's a cool trendy version of their father restaurant. The music is loud which my husband and I don't mind. It's a fun hip vibe. I don't recommend this place if your looking for a quiet place to dine. I had the 6 oz Oscar filet which is a filet with crab meat, asparagus, small pieces of bacon and bernaise sauce. It was sooooo delicious! So worth it. It was the first time my husband tried a Morton's steak. He had the 8oz filet without the oscar and he loved it! We ordered creamy spinach and mac and cheese. It was really good!!!!Service was good. I can't say a bad thing about it. I recommend this place if your looking for a great steakhouse with fun trendy twist!!!!
4	I live in Las Vegas and picked out She by Morton's to connect with a girlfriend.  We ate at the bar versus taking a table and it was great. Despite the negative reviews I read on Yelp about there being ladies walking along the ledge and that being part of the experience, I don't those give this place enough credit.  This restaurant fits many PLUSES in my book:1) From car to cocktail, it is super close!  Valet to the restaurant (be it valeting at Crystals or Aria) is like a 2 minute walk.  I hate to have to walk through big cavernous casinos to get to a bar/restaurant. 2) You are not cramped inside a restaurant with no natural light!  This restaurant, especially from the vantage point of the bar, has floor to ceiling views of the contemporary Aria structure. 3) You have to make a good solid martini in the town or you will loose my business!  Stephanie behind the bar made a perfect Grey Goose martini.  Often a bartender adds too much remoothe or assumes a girl wants her drink dirty.  Stephanie really has this down pat and being a martini drinker of 20+ years, I would go back to this bar. We had food that we shared and snacked on.  All items were delicious and we ordered what Stephanie suggested.  On a Friday night, the restaurant was quite, which can be concerning in this town.  In all honesty though, knowing that the three big points above were nailed perfectly in my perception, I rate this spot a 4 out of 5.
3	I came here when I was staying with the hubby at the Aria for our anniversary trip.  It was very conveniently located next door to the Aria lobby.  We ordered the porterhouse to split.  The portion was huge, and the steak was pretty good.  It was definitely adequate, but nothing to rave about.  The sides were also just OK.  The servers were cute guys wearing suspenders and that was definitely more memorable than the food.
1	We had a reservation for dinner tonight that we made last week.  When we showed up we were informed they were closed and couldn't tell us why.  Said to try Mastro's , owned by their parent company, but made no prior accommodations for us.  Never got to eat at She, but extremely unprofessional, unless it was closed for a health code violation!  Cannot recommend!
1	Amazing food. Rude manager. I had a great dinner. Almost three hours spent there. After having two glasses of champagne I was denied a third 2 hours and 45 into my meal.  I spilled a drink on my friend and was told that is the reason why I was denied. I'm 32 and have never been denied alcohol in my life because I don't get sloppy.  The manager was so rude to me. He told me it was against the law. He obviously was extremely stupid or just discriminating against me. Three glasses of champagne in a three hour period is legal.  I did not leave a tip because my server is the one who told his manager I was drunk because I spilled a drink and needed club soda.  I have my receipt so if the d bag manager decides to comment I can post that as evidence of my three hour dinner.
3	she was just ok. its owned by mortons so you know you will have a quality cut of meat. but I feel like the whole night lacked wow factor.yes my filet was delicious. but the sides and appetizers were nothing to write home about. the drinks were strong, but the service was almost disinterested. the concierge at the cosmopolitan hotel recommended she since stk was fully booked. we were told there would be live dj spinning and some gogo dancers to make it a fun lounge like night. much to our surprise there was none of the above and the waiter told me they stopped that over a year ago. not sure why cosmo concierge would even say this - aren't they supposed to be in the know?!?
5	Service was cordial and friendly. Busy spot on the Las Vegas strip. Ribeye and scallops main courses. Sides Mac & SHecheese, grilled asparagus. Chicken satay for appetizer. Chocolate Bar for dessert. Food was very good, well presented
4	Steaks were fantastic. Service by Quinn was great. She just seemed very happy and I love that in restaurant staff. We were there too early by Vegas time since the place was empty at 7 p.m. but it was packed when we left.
1	I just had to give this place one star because, like the rest of you, I have never wanted to eat steak while watching scantily clad women ditz around wearing cheap rhinestones and feathers while receiving paychecks from Eva Longoria, the star of "Over Her Dead Body" who got famous after being cheated on by a French basketball player. Normally it's quite difficult for me to go into a "steak" house because I am a female. It's much, much easier for me when a point is made of my gender. I require the presence of other friendly, attractive females encouraging me to "eat meat" and "order side dishes" and "martinis." And speaking of martinis--which normally I feel very uncomfortable around because they are full of complicated flavors like "gin" or "vermouth" or weird salty round things (olives or something maybe?)--this restaurant lovingly creates specially-flavored martinis for people with vaginas. I mean, they have cupcake flavors, and peanut butter and jelly flavors which I am more familiar with because I have the ability to enfold a man's penis inside of me and then create a life with the sticky white fluid that it blows into my uterus.
