4	Spent the day at the Spa Mandalay for some serious pampering for my body and soul.   My job on Saturday was to determine the availability for Sunday's indulgements.  So, I headed out through the Mandalay to find the spa.  I found it, down on the beach level...only to be told that if I call, be sure to ask for "Spa Mandalay", as there are two other spas in the world of Mandalay.  The Bathhouse, at THEHotel; and the Four Seasons Spa.  I ended up getting all the "spa menu's" from each place.  Definitely like the one we chose.  We checked in for our 1:30 for appointments, for 3 of us, for the first treatment...we had scrubs or a buff.  They told us to come 1/2 hour early to change and enjoy the steam room or the quiet room, which we did...steam that is.   We each received a locker and key, robe and slippers, the usual stuff.  And one of the spa attendants showed us around and explained where everything is located.  That was nice, and appreciated.  Then we were each called for our treatments and off we went for relaxation.  Ahhhh...I highly recommend the coconut scrub and the cocoa butter wrap...two highly scented treatments that float you off to the tropics in no time.   And to have baby soft skin again is just...well...you know...wooooow! They lose one star because the friendly, flirty gentleman who was taking our reservation, was NOT around on Sunday to feed us grapes.  He did say he could be available, though.  Why we didn't take him up on it, I will never know...ladies, what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas.  Enjoy!
4	I am not an experienced spa goer...but I loved the spa portion especially of Mandalay Bay. Relaxing, nice atmosphere and decor...I especially liked  the vanity room. I thought the massage (I got the aromatherapy massage) was typical ($125+tip). I've had better from non-pros, I think. I got mine with a dude, which means you have to walk out to enter the guys' side from the back near the gym. They had lovely fluffy robes, a eucalyptus sauna, and a redwood steamroom. It's clothing optional (of course) but if you're not into that, a lot of people wore suits. After the whole experience it was a pain to tear myself away. My body was so relaxed it felt like lead. I recommend.
3	I had a lovely manicure here, but the front desk staff could use a serious attitude adjustment. I had scheduled a manicure for 1:30, and I finished my salt scrub at 1:25 at the Four Seasons Spa. The Four Seasons Spa was kind enough to call over to Spa Mandalay, just to let them know I might be 5 minutes late. They said that as long as I was there by 1:35, it wouldn't be a problem. So I check in at EXACTLY 1:35, and the woman at the front desk (who was snippy and rude as hell) told me that I had to reschedule. I explained what the Four Seasons Spa had conveyed to me, and she rolled her eyes, and called my manicurist, who was kind enough to take me in. Once I finished dealing with the front desk, my experience was great. Awesome manicure, and really nice staff in the nail salon. Spa Mandalay is a beautiful space...just be sure to be prompt!!!
3	Great Treatments, but some problems with overall spa service and cleanliness.I visited Spa Mandalay this July during my stay at Mandalay Bay. It's a beautiful facility, especially the main plunge/spa area (with hot, warm, and cold plunge pools and a lovely fountain). My treatments were truly fantastic: the standard facial was wonderful (among the best I've had, only Canyon Ranch rivals it) and the hot stone massage was off the charts. This was my first hot stone massage, but I liked it so much that I will do it again. (If you've never had this treatment here's what it involves: Smooth river stones are heated to the perfect temperature and placed along specific sites on the body that are meant to release tension. The masseuse also uses the heated stones to massage the arms, legs, shoulders, back and feet. It was truly a wonderful experience). Because I had two treatments planned, I spent most of my day there; arriving early enough for a good workout (the gym has a great view of the Mandalay Beach). I also took advantage of the hot/cold tubs, the steam room, and the relaxation rooms prior to my treatments. This had the potential to be wonderful, but I had a few problems with the basic service of the spa itself. The people who were responsible for providing me with my robe (which isn't the most comfortable spa robe I've ever had) and locker key were often absent from the front service area. At first, they gave me a robe without a belt so I ended up waiting about ten minutes (standing there holding my robe together) at the front before someone came to see what I needed. The attitude could have been more gracious when I finally was helped. Beyond this, I had a hard time finding a clean shower when I needed one. All of them had been used and hadn't been cleaned or restocked with new towels. I know that July is a busy time of year, but the spa is expensive enough that the details like that should be perfect. In the shower area, there were plenty of used towels lying about and, in general, it seemed in need of a good cleaning. I also noticed some of the staff watching TV while I was there. I have to say that I wondered why, given such free time, that the facility needed upkeep. Here are some other details that might be of interest: A nice selection of juices, teas, and water. They had a mixture of nuts available for when guests needed a snack. Very comfortable couches in the relaxation room. Comfortable treatment rooms.
5	I wish I knew about Yelp when I first visited the spa because I would be able to give a very detailed review. But that was two years ago so I cannot :( I must say that I remember having a FANTASTIC experience and receiving a wondrous and sumptuous massage. I would definitely got back if I had the opportunity.
3	nice facility.  they need more lounge chairs as foreigners are rude and will ignore your towel and key on the lounge chair as it being taking.  the rude lady claims her mother was saving the lounge for her, that's fine but the mother didn't say anything to me when i was right next to her placing my towel and key on the chair!i had the swedish massage, wasn't too impressed, maybe i should have gotten a deep tissue.  the swedish massage wasn't any better than what my BF gives me.  June was my therapist, wonderful sweet lady, but my massage was more of a rub!  I was so exhausted from all the walking and late nites that i didn't care.... i so enjoyed the hot and cold spas.  great for the skin.  the steam was great!  i enjoyed the eucalyptus scent.please ladies p/u after yourselves!!!  it's really not that hard to put your nasty wet towels and trash in the proper bins.  just bcz you paid so much money doesn't mean you should leave your nasty towels behind for other spa goers to think the spa is not well kept.
4	If you're considering going to Spa Mandalay on your visit to Vegas- I would do it. In fact, I'd return again. My services on December 28, 2007 included:1 hour personal training session with Sergio- This was helpful for me. I was trained on some proper technique for some of the machines I was using incorrectly on my own. Sergio assessed my overall strength and workout routines, and showed me ways to basically upgrade from where I am currently at. This is not something everyone needs or wants, but it was actually relaxing for me.1/2 hour Deep Tissue Massage with Alan- My therapist was a male. The experience was perfect. The pressure was just right. They used moisture-rich unscented oils, music and lighting.  All I can say is that I wanted to go for the full hour- but it is pricey, so I booked the half. It costs much less in the Seattle area. The difference is, though, at the Spa you're in robes, and can continue your complete relaxation in pools, steam rooms, etc, long after the massage is complete. Back at home, you put on your regular clothes and drive through traffic to continue your busy day. I'd book for the whole hour next time. Pomegranate- Cherry Facial with Carroll- Originally I had booked the vitamin C facial, but because I have sensitive skin, Carroll used other options. The facials basically work on the skin from just below the shoulders on up, and includes a massage and eye treatment. My skin felt and looked divine. My sisters were both commenting on it, and someone I didn't know complemented me later that day. My skin felt glorious! Carroll also gave me some cream (no charge) to take with me as we traveled to the Mexican Caribbean the next day, to moisturize in the heat. Food: More healthy breakfast choices should be present (mini-muffins and pastry are not healthy) in the morning. For lunch: we should have been informed that we could have our lunch delivered from the caf upstairs to the spa. We didn't find this out until we'd dressed and went upstairs to eat lunch. It would have been nice, since we had to recheck back in and get into new robes, lockers, etc for the afternoon lounging in the pools. Staff service:  While the intake process and staff could use some serious leadership, organization and a course in hospitality, the staff was mostly friendly. A bad mark- one of my sisters had some of her spa services paid for in advance by my mother, as a gift.  Upon arrival, the spa seemed to have no record of it. My sister called my mom from her cell in the check-in line, and the matter was eventually worked out, but not until after my sister received her spa services. So, better organization would have been nice. She shouldn't have had to be worrying about a payment issue through her whole day of treatments.The facilities: The facilities were beautiful, well maintained and spotless. The pools were luxury. It would have been nice for them to bring water into the pool area. The getting-ready "vanity" area was awesome. There were plenty of dryers and sanitary brushes, salon hair products, etc, to ready you to leave the spa. All in all, I would recommend going. It's a treat that will be well worth it. Remember though, ask for what you need as soon as you arrive, and speak up about what you want.  And you can get your lunch there- don't leave!
5	This is my favorite spa so far in Vegas.  It has a great area to hang out with friends in the hot tubs.  I like the cold plunge too. Not too many of the spas have a large tub area that you can chat and hang out at.  They supply fruit, muffins, juices, tea and coffee through out the day.  We usualy skip breakfast and snack at the spa before treatments.Yes, treatmenst are expensive, but if you get one a day, it gives you access to the spa all day and the gym for free.  Christine, I think is the best masage therapist there.
4	I love this spa.  The spa is large, spacious and luxurious (in every aspect).  The peaceful environment helps you unwind and relax.  I have had three treatments here and each experience was very relaxing.  The sauna, steam room and (hot, warm and cold) whirlpools are awesome.  The staff is helpful and friendly, not pretentious at all.  The price is steep for their services (minus one star), but it is worth the splurge.
5	Oh my! This is a heavenly spot in Vegas! No matter how much sleep I didn't get the night before, I always wake up early to get here and enjoy a morning of luxurious pampering. This spa is so great that on my last trip, I wasn't even staying at Mandalay Bay and I took a taxi every morning from my hotel. FYI, they won't let outsiders in on the weekends if it's too busy. I'm saving my money to pay for one of those fabulous spa day packages!The jacuzzi is so beautiful and I love napping in the surrounding plush lounge chairs. My favorite part of the spa is the eucalyptus steam room. Very relaxing and it smells so good. It's nice to breathe it all in after a night in a smoky casino. I got a deep tissue massage here once and they beat me down pretty good. It was great! I had a knee injury and they put on a nice balm to help relieve the pain. The quiet room is not as quiet as it could be since many people walk through there. The showers are huge and I probably take about five in just one visit.The staff is really attentive and keeps everything so fresh and so clean! I'm thankful for the juices, muffins and fruit they provide to tide me over until I hit up the breakfast buffet!
5	Spa Mandalay is beyond perfection. I managed to book a last minute 45 minute full body massage and despite the $115 price tag, it was well worth it. Not only did I get the massage, I was able to spend all day in their spa (which is beautiful by the way). The staff are by no means stuck up or pretentious, but offer you the up most respect and wonderful customer service skills. They offer light refreshments inside as well, and they live up the Mandalay Bay's reputation. By far the best spa experience I have ever taken advantage of and even if you don't go in for services, paying the $25 day spa fee to enjoy the gym and whirlpools is definitely worth the expense.
5	I just Had to take the time to write a few lines agreeing with my former writers on Spa Mandalay. If BLISS is what you seek, Bliss is what you shall arrive to here...it's simple.I was a guest of the Manager's here for the day and was treated majestically, second to none.A true way to taper a business trip, won't you agree?The Cristalle was a great treat too!
4	UPDATED 4/20/08 LEST CONTEXT GETS MISINTERPRETED, OR GIVEN A BIT OF A SPIN YET AGAIN BY ANOTHER FAULT FINDER OF A YELPER =)my 2-day Vegas getaway was doubly fun and indulgent thanks to Spa Mandalay.  i made sure i got there an hour before my 9 a.m. coconut cream body scrub appt. (w/c was blissful, albeit rather pricey) so i can while away the time enjoying the amenities.  man, did i have a fabulous time!!started the morning off reading their copies of the day's NY Times & Washington Post, over coffee and muffins (provided all day to spa guests)...thereafter, i enjoyed the steam room, sauna, whirlpools, but not the cold plunge, admittedly. and repeated same after my 9 a.m. appt.THIS IS DEFINITELY A  COME HITHER SPA. I'll be back here very soon.psi can't help but notice that it's women over age 40 that have no qualms parading around bare naked (this isn't meant as an insult, but rather a factual observation by me).  had i gone to the spa inebriated (b/c i'm by nature very civil in my interactions w/ people), it wouldn't have taken me a second to demand to the spa management that they rid their clothing optional policy b/c frankly, i really just can't be in the same whirlpool w/ naked, (insert negative adjectives here or unshaven) women.  sorry.  on the other hand, it also makes me wonder if i'd ever get to be as 'devil may care' five years from now (when i'm 40).  =)  i seriously doubt it (i'm shy).
5	Beautiful, clean, quiet, heavenly.  What more could you ask for after a night of debauchery in Las Vegas?!  I spent 2 afternoons at the Spa.  Got a wonderful 25-minute aromatherapy massage from Jackie on the first day.  When it was over I regretted not booking a 50-minute session.  Got a body scrub and body wrap from Kathy  the following day.  Very relaxing, but felt a bit rushed.  However, just having all-day access to the spa facility made it all better.  Spent a good 2 hours just lounging by the spa pools.  There's just something so soothing about the sound of fountains that puts me right to sleep. Expensive, but well worth it.
4	I have spent a day here and spent a day at Qua Spa in Ceasar's. This is second to Qua, but very nice none the less. The charges are less and the room rates not as expensive, so imho Mandalay Bay is on par for what they offer at their charges. If you can afford Ceasar's Qua Spa, go there. But, if you are staying at Mandalay Bay, try their spa, you will enjoy the pools at different temps & the herbal steam room. There is also a bowl of chilled cucumber slices to cover your eyes with while you relax in a lounge chair. I'm dreaming of being there now...................
4	I wasn't staying at the Mandalay, but I had a few hours to kill before my flight, so I called the spa early in the morning and they were able to accommodate me for a manicure and pedicure before noon.  There are two spas at the Mandalay Bay resort, so this review is about the Spa Mandalay.  Upon my arrival, the front desk staff was just okay.  I'm not a regular spa-goer, so this was a splurge for me.  The front desk staff could use some polish; I would have liked to feel more welcome. Once past the gatekeepers, I checked out the facilities and when I return to Vegas, I will be sure to spend a long, leisurely day using Spa Mandalay's pools and eucalyptus steam room.  The locker and prep areas are well-appointed.  Very restful...and clothing optional.  Reminded me of Japanese hot springs resorts.After I chilled in the waiting area, Guyane (pronounced like Diane but with a G) gave me a peppermint manicure and sugar scrub pedicure.  She was fantastic!  She asked me when my flight was but didn't rush through the treatments.  They use OPI polishes here, and I don't know what the manicurist did, but my nails have gone almost three weeks without chipping--amazing, considering how little I pay attention to my hands.
5	Had a few hours to spare before my check out and I decided to book a 50 minute Swedish rub down at the Spa in Mandalay Bay.  The Spa consisted of numerous private showers, sauna, steam room, 4 individual hot tubs (set all at different temps), flat screen tv's and free condiments (juices, snacks, newspapers, etc...).  One thing that I really appreciated was the time allowed to relax after my massage. I never felt rushed and spent a good hour using all their amenities.My massage was of course relaxing and definitely needed after a long weekend partying.  Overall I enjoyed my visit and will surely return.Oh and one little bit of advice, make an apt. as soon as you check in so you can choose from a wider range in times.
4	ive had a 50 minute scrub and wrap done here as well as a 50 minute facial.  the treatments are very good.  pricey.  but good.  the scrub and wrap left my skin feeling really really soft after a lot of tanning so i was really happy about that.  the spa here is clean and spacious.  they have a quiet lounge with tea, water, juices, nuts and dried fruit.  showers have shampoo, conditioner, shower gel.  steam room is pretty steamy!  i couldnt stay in there very long.  sauna this last time i went had this weird noise in there.  also hot pool and cold soak etc.you can also use the spa by purchasing a day pass for $30. i think it was $25 a few years ago. you can use the gym too.  i did this because i wanted to tan but they didnt have late check out.  so i came here to shower after the pool.  still a pretty relaxing time
3	I've only had 2 facials in my lifetime, the first one was pure bliss (@ Bliss in NYC), and the second one was probably part of the reason I haven't made an effort to get a third.The spa facilities here are excellent, as good as it gets for sure. There is no way you wouldn't be relaxed and feel pampered to the extreme.Now I wonder how in the heck did the woman who gave me my facial get a job there? The facial she gave me was not peaceful at all. I expect a little pain, but I felt like I was being tortured. She was sloppy and aggressive with the lotions and how she applied them. I ended up getting lotion in my eyes so I had to have her stop while I rinsed them out. AND she talked soooo much. You would think she'd have the common sense to take the hint after my repeated one-word responses to her nonstop interrogation.My rating of my experience with her is a single star, but I'd give the amenities here at Spa Mandalay 5 stars, so overall, 3 stars and my explanation seems like a fair review.
4	I've been lucky to enjoy this spa a couple times.  I was spoiled for the day and got a facial and massage and had a very relaxing time.  They have a lot of nice touches like teas, juices and snacks.  They also have private changing areas with private showers.  It often surprises me that old and young are willing to walk around naked and use the hot tubs and steam rooms.  It also includes use of the state of the art gym which makes it a whole day of activity.  I would recommend experiencing this spa to top off your Vegas vacation.
5	I have dreamed of this place ever since leaving Vegas.  I went with my sweetie while he was in a week-long convention.  We stayed at Mandalay Bay and I spent my week working out in the gym at the resort and unwinding in the spa.  They have 4 plunge pools of varying temps-beware of the cold plunge!!  Steam room, dry sauna, and space to relax.  Really a great spa will be back for sure!
3	We always stay at the Mandalay Bay but never tried their spa so this is the first time. I went with my friend and enjoyed most of our day here. We came in from 3:00 pm till 8:00 pm. As a matter of fact, we were the last customers. The entrance fee is reasonable and is free if you have treatment done.Before scheduling, i had asked what we would need to bring. They said they will provide the robe and the slippers. I scheduled an appointment for a swedish massage and my friend for a facial.  I had other massages before but she was good. I was relaxed! My friends facial treatment was also good. She is now using their products.Prior to our scheduled appointments, we stayed at their pools. The only negative thing was that they did not have any bathrobes available. They did inform us to check every 30 minutes which we did but no luck. So, i had to complain and asked what if we are to have treatments? Then out of the blue, they had 1 available, still not good enough since there were 2 of us who had appointments. I have noticed that the bath robes came from their other spa which is The Bath at The Hotel. If I knew that they will not have robes available, i would have scheduled the treatments at The Bath.Oh well, what can we say? What done was done, all I know is that I will not go back to their spa again.
4	I LOVE this day spa.  I've been to the spa at Bellagio and the Hilton.  This is the best.  I always do the day pass, but have not had any services, so I can't comment on that.The four plunge pools, steam room and sauna are in great shape and a joy to use.  The lounge chairs are always available and there is a large selection of magazines in the jacuzzi and the quiet area.There are bottled waters, juices and a snack mix at the front desk.  I have to say this is the best place in vegas to completely decompress! The Fitness area is very good as well, although I think the Bellagio gym is a bit better.  But overall  Mandalay's Spa wins!
5	Spa Mandalay is about as good as it gets.There are 4 plunge pools, sauna, and a steam room.  They are kept in great condition - clean and pristine.  There are lots of lounge chairs around the pool for you to sit  and relax and wish your worries away.  There are also plenty of magazines to chose from in the quiet area.The massages are really good too.  Deep pressure is nice and firm, with lots of kneading.I've been here a few times with girlfriends and I always made sure to make this my last stop before leaving vegas.  After days of endless ruckus, this relaxation motherland is just what i need.  You can stay here for as long as you want/need to.  What a great waiting lounge before my flight takes off.There are also water bottles, fresh juices and snacks, fruits and nuts available.
4	Gentleman's Facial = $135 + tip. Haha I said facial.... I've never been to a day spa nor had any facial/massage treatments that didn't require an extra tip and trip to get a hepatitis B-C screen. Gross. After this weekend visit, I'm kicking myself for not trying it sooner.  Stepping into the Men's "quiet wait room" ounge, I felt like I was being wrapped into a warm comforting blanket created by Norah Jones, Corinne Baily Rae, and maybe a thread or two from John Legend.  The lounge had a stocked fridge of complimentary juices, water, fruits, and trail mix.  Cozy chairs faced flat screen televisions with car and golf magazines littering the side tables.  You can hang out here before or after your treatment as long as you want and in nothing more than your robe and slippers.  Just remember to keep your legs closed while sitting pal. My therapist was very pleasant. Not the 5'7 lean brunette of my dreams, but that would have just made things embarrassing on the table under the thin sheets. She spoke very little except when giving me a precursor as to what she was about to do. I liked that. It made for a relaxing environment. I don't have a comparison to any other facial (haha...facial...), but it was very enjoyable and tranquil. Up until it came extraction time. WTF is that all about. How is jabbing a needle into the side of your nose relaxing. As the sharp pore liberating pick came spearing into the tender crease of my nostril, I had to repeat to myself "Man up! I'm not going to cry, "I'm not going to cry." That was fun.  After an additional 2 hours in the spa using the sauna and pools; I left the vacuum of serenity and marched across the casino floor to the Sports Book. With every step the glow of my moisturized face began to dampen from the smoke and second hand exhaled air of desperate gamblers.  The calming soft rock jazz ballads were shattered by the pelting shouts of slot machines and calls for the shooter to roll hard 6's. Sitting down in front of the giant wall TV, I lit up a cigar, ordered my whiskey and cheered on Michigan State with a hundred other intoxicated fans. O well, the peace was nice while it lasted.ps-1 star for getting moisturizer in my right eye near the end of the 50 min treatment. I was pretty much blind in that eye until the next day. Getting facialed in your eye doesn't feel good. A word to the wise to be considerate my fellow dudes. A word to the wise.  You know what I'm talken about.
5	This is the mother of all spas.OK, maybe I'm exaggerating. But it's by far the nicest spa I've been to. This was actually my FIRST spa experience and going home to Scottsdale Arizona (which isn't exactly a slouch in the spa department) I haven't found a spa yet that can measure up to Spa Mandalay.The spa is very large, with a reception room with refreshments, magazines and flat screens, a quiet room, a sauna, eucalyptus scented steam room (I think this was my favorite part), and the piece de resistance, their cold plunge/warm pool/hot tub room. It's women only (at least, on MY side! I assume they have the same for men) and literally there is everything you could want. Cold sliced cucumbers for your eyes and icy cold washcloths? Check (and perfect for a hangover, incidentally). Showers and a sink area filled with literally everything you need to primp, from perfume to hair dryers? Check. A locker room so huge that there isn't anyone changing around you? Check! My massage was great too! But what truly knocked me out was the spa facility. I swear, I'm going to go here EVERY time I go to vegas, even if I just get a day pass and just veg out in the spa for few hours :)
4	On a recent trip to Vegas, my friends and I made a stop at the Mandalay Bay spa, and I think it may have been the best decision of the trip! We ended up each having a 25 minute Swedish Massage as well as a 25 minute Hydra Flash Facial, both of which were wonderfully relaxing, and my skin has never felt better! I think, though, what I loved most was that we also got access to the spa amenities for the whole day. The hot tubs (3 different temperatures), the sauna, the steam room, showers, big fluffy robes, lounge chairs to nap in, free juices, coffee, water, tea, fruit...it was divine!I think that next time I'd be ok with just getting a spa pass for the amenities, which is $30/day. I loved the treatments, but if I don't feel like doing so much pampering, I can at least treat myself to some rest and relaxation for a pretty darn low cost!
4	Nice pools, staff is great, and worth the 30 bucks. Everything's clean and constantly being checked on and up to date. I spent most of the day here since the weather sucked this past weekend and loved it! The Gym is nice as well!
5	The Spa at Mandalay Bay was the most relaxing place I have ever been. After they check you in, you are given a tour of the facilities and provided a robe and shower shoes to wear during your stay. There is free snacks and drinks of all sorts for guests. The spa lobby has a large flat screen TV and lots of comfy chairs. Inside there are wading pools with three temperatures, hot, warm, and cold. There is also a sauna, steam room, quiet room, lockers, showers, and a huge bathroom with everything you would need to get ready after your spa treatment. The staff does a great job of staying out of the way so people can relax but are readily available if you need them. Five minutes prior to your spa treatment, you are asked to wait in the lobby. Your therapist will come and get you. I had Chris he was very polite and did an awesome job with the 50 min Swedish Massage. I was so relaxed after! The best part was having access to the Spa for the entire day of our treatment.
5	Spa Mandalay was definitely a good way to spend a few hours on my recent vacation.  They check-in process is quick and they provide free juices and waters along with fruit for those attending the spa that day.I ended up enjoying the 50 minute swedish massage and helped relax me for the night ahead.  The spa area itself is nice and relaxing, especially the jacuzzi and quiet areas.  I ended up relaxing in the cold plunge bath and warm jacuzzis and laid back with a few ice towels.  My ex-girlfriend ended up waking me from my doze with a text and I was to leave.  I could spend probably a few hours here just relaxing.  My next trip to Vegas I will be spending some good quality time here.  I recommend Spa Mandalay to anyone staying in Las Vegas, especially those who are staying at Mandalay Bay/The Hotel, Luxor, or Excalibur.
4	Great facility. Very relaxing.  Quiet room is a good place to read or to nap.  Plentiful fruits, juices, and muffins to enjoy.  Get there early because the Jacuzzi area can get a bit crowded.The massage was out of this world!!!  So relaxing after days of late nights and drinking!!Would definitely book again!!
5	This is my second trip to Spa Mandalay and it did not disappoint. I did a 50 minute swedish massage and a hydra facial. The facilities are beautiful and inviting and the staff is very helpful. The entire place exudes relaxation from the hot/warm/cool/cold pools to the steam room to the comfy chairs in the waiting area. It is a place you don't want to leave! Wow
4	Being a man that had never spent time in a spa I was quite uncomfortable at first but once everything sunk in I was I was in heaven!I had a one hour Swedish massage which I surely needed. Then came the uncomfortable part. I was given a key and locker number. I walked into this gorgeous area which featured a beatiful hot tub, sauna, and steamroom. The spa was complete with a gym, lockers, showers, and sinks where one can groom themselves... Now for someone who had never been in a spa I was at first a little concerned when I see very old overweight men walking around naked. Not a nice sight.Anyways I walk to my locker which had the most comfortable robe I have ever worn. I slip on my swimming trunks as I wasnt comfortable with the who nude thing. I take a quick shower and then slip into the sauna and then the hot tub..Now I can say that I have seen heaven. While sitting in the hot tub I was able to appreciate the waterfall and the soothing sounds of the water running. After spening a good amount of time in the tub I put on my robe and laid on the pool chair and feel asleep reading a magazine. I can now truely appreciate the idea of people taking a day at the spa... The price wasnt at all bad. The price of a one hour massage includes access to the spa the entire day.Highly recomend this spa.
4	Spa Mandalay is a larger but, very very nice spa.  I always make it a point to stop by and get one of their Hot Stone Massages.  I will be back again soon!!
5	This spa is fantastic. Upscale, wood-fronted lockers. Carpet in the changing room. I felt like Goldilocks with the different temperatures of the jacuzzi/plunge pools. Juice, tea, and light snacks are included with the price of admission. Eucalyptus steam and dry sauna. And the treatments have never been anything less than five-star. I could spend all day here. I HAVE spent all day here. You can lay on a chaise longue and read a trashy magazine and listen to the water run to your heart's content. The bathrooms come with all the amenities: mouthwash? No problem! Sterilized brushes and mousse? They've got it! Curling irons, even - after a long, hot shower (and the showers have different-smelling shampoos in a few of them) I blew my hair dry and used their giant curling iron and did myself a Farrah-feather-do. Most importantly, though, the treatments are really good. They hire the best staff and everyone is always friendly and professional.
4	Spa Mandalay take me away! I'm headed here for another visit next spring- for some pampering and a girls night before my wedding in June 2010. Not a bachelorette party, but a fun small girls weekend before I hitch up the shackles of love! Whooop! I do hope to make a jaunt here for pre-wedding pampering, a facial, an expert massage, basking in a mineral pool after a night of high roller poker. Oh, the dreams of a fleeting bachelorette.
4	Great spa. Got a deep tissue massage and my therapist was just ok! The decor is typical of most better quaility Vegas hotels. Very nice with lots of attention to detail.
5	I only used the gym and general spa facilities...no treatments.Fitness center is pretty good. A great vibe in there. Plenty of refreshment. The ipod-less can borrow headsets for the cardio. Good equipment and great environment. Love all those windows.The men's spa was really really really cool. Just men lounging and relaxing. Most guys are in the buff. Lots of hot tubs of different temps and plenty of space. Sauna is really cool...mood lights and spa music playing keeps it really relaxing and the men very relaxed. I enjoyed it. The best was the steamroom...low lights but relaxing music playing. At times, the steam pumped in really hot....but was bearable. I would say it's more relaxing than the sauna. Seems like everyone who comes here works out. You can tell by looking around. Cooled handtowels keeps one able to stay longer inside the steamroom. Seem like men just stay for hours...I sure did. Very relaxing!!! I would say the men are quite friendly there and more than willing to offer a helping hand. ;)Amenties are excellent and showers are pretty good. The offerings of tons of beverages in little cans makes packing your gym bag with a few extras to take back to your room including bottled water worthwhile.
3	I couldn't find the spa for The Hotel...$150 for a rushed 40 minutes facial! She was 10 min lates and we finished 5 minutes early! All she did was cleanse, then she used some sort of scrub, extractions then an additional $50 for glycol acid peel, no massage along my decollete or on my face! RIP OFF!
4	A bathhouse fit for Ceasar! Giant four-pool facility with marble finishes and water-spouting fishes. Sauna, steam, showers, the spa is full of the basics. The gym was a bit small and limited in machine options.  Moderately priced at $35 for a day pass.
3	Although this spa has a ton of amenities, I wasn't thrilled with my experience nor was I happy with the price I paid for it. I got to the spa on time for my appointment, but ended up waiting for a very long time.  My massage was, at best, mediocre.  On top of that, the amenities were so crowded I couldn't relax no matter how hard I tried.  People kept bumping me or talking loudly.  I also didn't like how noisy the water fountains in the pool were.  All in all, the spa isn't horrible, I just don't find it worth the price when there are better spas in the area.
4	I booked a massage here on a Monday because my back went out on vacation- typical. Services are very expensive- they wanted 85$ for a 20 min swedish- funny. I booked the 50 min for $135. Checking in was a disaster. The line just to give them your name so that they could point you to the women's spa was 15 minutes. More than a little under staffed, but only in this area. The facilities were very good. Lots of snacks, fruit, water, and juice when you enter the gender specific spa area. That was a nice touch. The hot tub area is nice, although during the day good luck getting a lounge. The  area is clothing optional, which is funny because when I went into the spa area to soak, I was the only one NOT wearing a bathing suit. :) Later on I was joined by some fellow free spirits. Nino was my masseuse- he was incredible. I am very picky about massages and don't go for relaxing gentle experiences ( I am sure that he is good at these too though). He is very good at body work, and worked out all the kinks. Inside the spa area everyone was very attentive, lots of towels everywhere- literally- even in the shower stalls replaced after every shower. Great experience overall! A note on timing. I got to the spa at 3:15 for a 4pm massage to soak in the tubs first. The spa is VERY busy at this time. After I came out of the massage at 5, more people had moved to the showers and the "primping" section, getting ready for dinners. The hot tubs and lounges are available at this time, so it becomes more relaxing not to have to elbow for space.
3	I got invited by a friend of mine to check out the day spa @ Mandalay Bay so we booked our appointments for 12nn on a Saturday. I couldn't believe it when I saw how much their services cost. $85 for a 25min scrub?! $145 for a 50min massage?! I indulge myself on spa trips from time to time but never have I seen it cost this much. Maybe because its in Vegas so I agreed and picked the 25min Coconut Creme Scrub - one of their most affordable services that will not dent my wallet.Upon arriving at the spa, we were given our keys, slippers and lockers so we can change. I actually enjoyed the ammenities more than the service that I picked. They have unlimited snacks, fruits, water, juice, coffee and tea. Lots of towels, shampoo, conditioner, body wash and everything you would need to prep yourself after a day at the spa. The sauna could use a bit more heat but the jacuzzi pools were just right.I was called promptly @ noon for my scrub. It did not feel like it was worth the $ I paid for. The lady assigned to me was very nice but she just basically wiped the scrub on my body with a loofah and as I washed it off in the shower, my skin just felt normal and nothing exceptional. -1 star = expensive-1 star = so-so serviceI was glad to have experienced a day spa in Vegas but I'd rather stick to my local spa that offers exceptional services for a good price.
4	Instead of a massage this time, I got the hand rubbed microdermabrasion to exfoliate, followed by a coca butter body wrap. The experience was kinda cool.. i'll definitely start looking into body wraps instead of massages from these hotels!
5	Q: How do you nurse a hangover?A: Spend some QT (quality time) @Spa Mandalay, of course!Hands down THE best spa I have ever been to!!! I swear I am completely smitten w/ this place. In Vegas, there are so many wonderful spas to chose from. This, however, just happened to be inside our hotel....so, convenience was key.Booked an appointment w/ a friendly rep for Sunday on the Friday we arrived. Now that the appointment was set, I was ready ready to engage in "LV festivities". What made it so awesome you ask? Well, read on please:-Massage itself: ahh, the BEST I ever had. I scratched the idea of anything deep tissue type. This visit required something purely relaxing & revitalizing ONLY. Therefore, the swedish massage fit that description & it was a mighty awesome one at that.-Ammenities galore: cozy spa robe & soft plush slippers, OCD-clean locker rooms, relaxing waiting area, big steam/sauna room, a plethera of comfy lounge chairs fully equipped w/snacks (nuts/fruits) & cucumber water (refreshing) and count 'em 1, 2, 3, 4 different types of beautiful hot tubs w/ different temperatures. Soooo relaxing!Bottom line: Gooooo here. Get your massage, spend some time in the steam room, take a dip in the hot tub, & shnooze like a baby (suck your thumb in fetal position if you have to even) for a few hours on their lounge chair!!! That whole sequence of events COMPLETELY nursed one of the worst hangovers of my life. And for that, Mandalay Spa, I thank you!!Tip: Don't be alarmed. You may encounter naked folks (both young and old) in the hot tubs. Yikes!
5	I decided to get a manicure and pedicure since sun block stripped my nail polish. I booked an appt for lemon drop manicure and a hot stone pedicure. Linda did a great job on my nails, and she also did a great job with educating me on products!I also had the Chai tea body mask... it was cool, but I cant tell the difference?But i ABSOLUTELY love their hands-on micro dermabrasion body scrub! it's a must :)
2	This review is for Waxing and pedicure.I have never gotten service with waxing here in mandalay, so here goes my experience. I was guided into a secluded room that had a shower and tub. Any way, I am literally very sore now, and I've been gettin waxs for the last 5-6 years. Also, I am a certified cosmetologist and I can assure you why I am sore. My esthetician had applied wax over the same area more than once, U NEVER EVER GO OVER THE SAME AREA. Yeah, i'm sure she ripped layers of skin off! Oh, also there's still hair that she didnt get! GRRR so all this pain and I still have hair?!?! I dont think she does brazilians often. Do you know what else i found pecuilar? I had to remove the excess wax off of myself, and im paying $100 for this. CRAZY!  With my regular  wax lady,  i'm in and out in 15 minutes; she doesn't make me remove excess wax from myself either, and it's only $40. Lastly, i dont leave sore! Oh i bet u, i will get in grown hair since she ripped layers of skin off! * NOTE :Use a tweezer for  hairs u couldnt get!$80 for pedicure, and my toe nails aren't filed straight nor is the paint covering my whole entire toe nail.  I arrived with prettier toe nails that i had done in mandalay 2 weeks ago than when I left today! HUMPH
4	Nice decor, luxurious with Vegas opulences, clean.  Skip the massage unless you're a newbie.  Go for the hot tub and plunge pool.  Vegas has better massages for $39.  See my reviews.
4	The spa Mandalay is better than the bathhouse, here is why. The Bathhouse is stylish but cold. Nothing organic about it, where the spa mandalay is very inviting. The gym is fully stocked with great equipment and helpful service. The locker room is nice and clean. The showers and the steam room are very clean and the staff provides you with everything you need. All you have to do is ask. I would choose this over the bathhouse any day. The massuer was kind. She had a great touch and if things hurt, she would apply less pressure.
4	Loved, loved, LOVED the facilities.  The locker room is really nice and clean, they have water and apple juice for you to sip on, and they have these these amazing pools (hot, medium, and cold) which i jumped from as I was waiting for my massage.The massage was...meh, hence reason the 4 stars rather than 5 stars.  The massage room was okay, a little small and not as relaxing as I had hoped for.  Oh well.  The facilities more than made up for it.  The massage and mandalay spa was just what i needed before I went to rehab at the hard rock!
4	Great SPA at the Mandalay Bay!There are two on location, this one is for the SPA at the Mandalay Bay.  The Spa area is pretty large divided into a men's and women's side.  Both sides sport a large hot jacuzzi area which looks more like Roman bath house.  There are three temperatues, warm, hot and ice cold that you can dunk into!  Plenty of comfy chairs to chill out in take a nap.  There is also a sauna and a eucalyptus scented steam room.  I came here for an 80 minute aromatherapy swedish massage which was nice and relaxing.  At $180, for the 80 minutes, pretty standard as far as price.  The great perk was being able to have full use of the whole facility all day until closing around 830pm.  You can even leave and come back at your leisure.  I took it as an oppurtunity to check out the great Mandalay beach/pool area and afterwards, come back to the Spa to use their showers.  Nice way to relax in Vegas!
5	WOW.Friend gave this as a surprise... really, I thought we were going to bungy jump... but this was a far better surprise!My surprise appt was at 9 am - I received the 50 minutes deep tissue massage... service was impeccable!I changed... and saw the pool and jacuzzi...it was gorgeous! Everything was clean and organized...My massage therapist met me at the door outside the women's locker (it was a HE...) but friendly and he asked me if there's any spots that I'd like to be fixed or focused on... I said neck, back and shoulders...I went in the room...it was clean... not to hot, not to cold... it was just right.I forgot the MT's name but he was really good... worked out all my kinks... and he was friendly.Overall... definitely a 5-Star spa... Highly recommended!Thanks *friend* for hooking it up!
3	Any devoted party girl will tell you ... the best place in the world to detox from a ringing hangover is a top-notch Vegas spa, and for years, Spa Mandalay has set the bar for quality,  complimentary amenities, and superior customer service. Nothing cures a dehydration headache better than a serious sweating in their eucalyptus steam room, or sipping a cleansing cranberry juice next to the whirpool waterfall.Sadly, Spa Mandalay seems to be yet another victim of this "bad economy" and has gone from 5+ star quality to an average 3 star experience. So what gives? Looks like a serious case of downsizing:1. No more complimentary snacks & juices. Nothing gets the electrolytes flowing like some vital nutrients following an evening of Belvedere vodka shots, and Spa Mandalay used to offer their patrons fresh fruit (bananas, apples, oranges, pears), a wide array of beverages (pineapple juice, cranberry juice, sparkling water, apple juice, herbal teas), and my personal favorite  ... mixed nuts. And not those crappy tins of "deluxe nuts" which are 80% peanut (the red headed step-child of the nut world), bit those really good mixed nuts full of salty, meaty cashews, almond, brazil nuts, and pecans. Spa Mandalay is now nut-less. There were some glasses of pineapple juice available and a couple of bruised bananas, but that was your only choice other than water. 2. No more bottled water. There used to be bins of bottled water scattered throughout the spa, so you could grab one on your way into the sauna, or soothe your parched throat as you soak in the whirlpool. Anyone who enjoys a good steam knows that hydration is key, so easy access to transportable water is vital. Now the bottles of water are gone, and anytime you want to wet your whistle you have to walk back out into the common check in area and fill up a tiny cup of water from a glass container. They might as well have placed dixie cups next to an Arrowhead jug. After several trips to the water cooler, I gave up and started filling two cups at a time while the perplexed check-in attendant glared at me like I was stealing her tips.3. Dated decor and suspect sanitation. While it is impossible to keep anything "fresh" for 12 years, Spa Mandalay is starting to show it's wrinkles. The grout was so filthy in my shower, I debated wearing sandals to protect me from the filth. The water pressure seemed extremely low, and no matter how hard I tried, the water either ran too hot or too cold, and it smelled of sewage the whole time. Te area where you can do your hair/make-up still provides some amenities like hair spray, lotion, and mousse, but the sanitized containers of brushes and combs have dwindled down to just one and the mouthwash, toothpaste, and toothbrushes are gone for good.4. Inconsiderate staff. Usually an oasis of silence and solitude in an  otherwise sinful city, Spa Mandalay was bustling with staff who were more concerned with talking to each other than taking care of their clients. At one point while I was in the restroom having, three staff members came in and proceeded to have a 10 minute long conversation, in Spanish, at the top of their lungs. Laughing and giggling the whole time, they didn't even bat an eyelash when I exited the stall or even acknowledged that a guest was in the room. They just kept on talking and clucking VERY loudly. Later when I was changing into my clothes to leave, I placed my robe down on a bench underneath my clothes and an attendant walked through, snatched it off the bench, and kept going without even an "excuse me", "hello", or "how are you?" She actually pulled it off with so much force it sent my clothes tumbling to the floor. So how do I give this place a 3 star rating??They still have an amazing facility that even the worst staff can't ruin. I love the steam room and the iced towels they provide, and there is absolutely nothing better than napping on one of the many lounge chairs that surround the whirpool area. The whirpools are warm, soothing, and relaxing. One nice upgrade they've added is fresh cucumber slices to soothe your puffy peepers. While the showers need a deep cleaning, the rest of the facility is very clean and well-maintained, but smells a little musty in spots. It hurts me to give this place a measly 3 stars, because it is still one of my favorite spas in Vegas, but it is impossible for it to go from what it was to what it is now without someone commenting on the changes. As minor as they may be.Still, at $25 for a day pass, it is easily the best hangover cure on the strip.
4	I LOVE SPA MANDALAY!This was my second visit to Spa Mandalay, and my experience here was only enhanced from what I learned from my first visit. I scheduled an 80 minute hot stone massage at noon (the spa recently started offering 80 minute hot stone massages, it used to be you could only get a 50 minute massage) and I got to the spa at 9:00am and checked in, charging everything to my room. You want to arrive early- at least an hour to half an hour before your treatment so that you can take advantage of the amenities the spa offers you.After I checked in, I was escorted to the women's side of the spa, and was given a locker key and spa slippers. If this is your first time, the staff will also give you a tour. Feel free to help yourself to the fresh lemon water or cranberry-pineapple juice at the front as well. The spa used to put out muffins, nuts, coffees, teas, and bottled water, but when I went it looked as if they were cutting back and only offered a basket of bananas and apples with water, juice, and coffees and tea (hence, the 4 star).I put away all my stuff in the locker, grabbed my robe (which is waiting for you in the locker) took a shower, slipped on my bathing suit and robe, and headed to the spa pools. Grab a lounge chair, roll up a towel under your neck, and use another towel as a blanket, place some chilled cucumbers on your eyes, and take an hour nap. After an entire night out of drinking and gambling, this is the best! After my nap, I took a dip in the warm water, and headed to the electric steam room.Remember to take advantage of the bottles of facial and body lotion! It smells citrusy and great and plus they sell it for $18 at the front store. So lather it on heavily! By this time, I had 30 minutes to spare before my massage, so I grabbed a VOGUE magazine and relaxed in the quiet room. For you women who don't understand what a quiet room is for, it isn't so that you and your 2 best friends can chat loudly about your massage or the night before. At noon, I was introduced to my therapist Nob. He escorted me to the therapy room and worked his magic. He was a little chatty at first, asking me what I was doing in Las Vegas, how long I was staying, etc. But eventually he got the cue that I wanted to essentially fall asleep while he massaged my back and he did and it was swell. My treatment ended a little bit after 1:00pm, so I headed to the vanity area, used up more of the complimentary lotions, put on my make-up, changed, and got ready for a lunch at the Four Seasons Hotel.I would definitely recommend Spa Mandalay for any first time spa goers, and tell any massage rookies to start off with a traditional Swedish and then start to explore other different massages. Whatever you do: don't be late for your appointment, come at least a half hour early, don't eat a heavy breakfast before you go to the spa (keep it light, I had 2 bananas and water), drink plenty of water before and after your treatment (but stop drinking about an hour before so you don't have to go to the bathroom in the middle of your treatment- or just go to the bathroom right before the treatment), and don't hesitate to prompt your therapist if you want more or less pressure! Also don't forget to take advantage of the little things the spa offers you: like bottled water, fruits, vanity area, and of course the iced cucumbers next to the lounge chairs by the pool (those are my favorite!).
3	Nice facilities...though I noticed almost everyone's robe had holes in them.  They were a knit chenille material, par for the course I guess?  I got a deep tissue massage and facial, both services and therapists were fantastic.  My big problem with the spa is that the facial room are located right in front of the hot tubs, which means noise, noise, noise.  During my facial two women had a very lively/loud chat right in front of the room.  Not relaxing at all.  I really wish one of the spa attendants would have told them to hush!  It really ruined an otherwise fabulous facial.  Also, in the "Quiet Room" another group of women had a long chat about all of the renovations they were performing on their home.  It's a QUIET ROOM!  Spa Attendants and therapists walked by and were in the room and never once said anything to those ladies. Overall, this spa still gets a higher rating because of the fabulous therapists.
4	This spa was awesome, very spacious and well-maintained!There are lots of amenities ... the reason it did not get 5 stars is for the lack of good snacks. I think that is vital for a day in the spa.Like a previous reviewer, I also had some holes in my robe. It was obviously pretty worn. Slippers were also provided if you did not want to bring your own. The quiet room only had a couple chairs where you could prop your legs up and a few magazines available. I got a Swedish massage and it was pretty awesome. The tables were warm, but I wish the lights in the room were a little dimmer. The body wash and shampoo/conditioner spell heavenly (I think grapefruit). The lotion in the vanity area were of the same scent. Razors are available upon request. The typical spa items were also available: Hair dryers, straighteners (on request), curling irons, combs/brushes, hair spray and other products, facial cleanser, body lotion, qtips and cotton pads, and mouthwash.There were multiple whirlpools with different temperature water. Be sure to reserve a lounge chair in that area because they are limited and most people nap here. The sauna and steam room were pretty normal.
5	This was my first-ever spa experience, and I think it might have created a monster. Went with three friends (two of whom were across the hall in the men's spa) on a Friday morning in late February. Each couple signed up for a couples aromatherapy massage. Our friends Matt and Jenn got the 9am appointment, and my boyfriend and I got the 10am. With Jenn at her massage appointment, I was left to my own devices on arrival. The receptionist provided us (me and a few people who'd arrived at the same time as me) with our robes and gave us a brief tour of the facilities. Everything was clean and inviting, and very few people were there that early in the morning, which was a nice plus. I admit, my first walk through the changing area gave me a middle school gym class flash back or two, but I held strong and got over myself. Hooray for growth!I popped on my bathing suit (yeah, so I didn't *entirely* get over myself...) and headed for the hot tubs. Had one all to myself, actually. Spent some time relaxing and thinking about how someday, when I strike it rich, my bathroom will resemble this spa and, before I knew it, it was massage time. It took some convincing to get me to sign up for this massage. I'd never had a professional massage before, and wasn't thrilled about the idea of a stranger touching my naked body. But people seem to love massages. And Spa Mandalay is a reputable, highly recommended establishment. And this was my first real vacation in forever. And I went for it. And thank goodness I did!I don't remember the name of my masseuse, but she was great. I told her I was a first-timer and told her I was ticklish, and she took everything into account and you know what?! After a few minutes, it wasn't weird!! Hooray for even more growth!Post-massage, Jenn and I decided to get pedicures (we were officially in it for the long haul). My pedicurist was very sweet and attentive, and did a really nice job. After that, more hot tub time, plus a trip to the sauna and stream room. By this time (1-2pm-ish) the common spaces were much more crowded. I'd highly recommend coming earlier in the day (or maybe later, though I can't personally vouch for that). I we hadn't had dinner reservations and show tickets for that night you can bet we would've stayed longer, or left and come back later.Overall, LOVED IT! Would definitely come back on future trips to Vegas. And, for better or worse, already looking into spas in the Boston area.
5	If you want to be treated like a celebrity, this is the place to go!!We were lucky enough to be the first group there, because we booked the first appointments in the morning. (Do this if you want to feel like you have the whole spa to yourself!!) I had a 9am couple's massage, and the couple that was traveling with us had the 10am couple's massage.The massage was WONDERFUL. We had 2 very nice women. Then, while waiting for my friend, I enjoyed sitting in the steam room NEKKID. =) I was convinced I wouldn't feel comfortable, but when I realized at 10am, I was 1 of 3 women in the whole spa...I thought what the heck? I had the whole steam room to myself. I was in heaven!Then my friend came out, and we got pedicures. The pedicurist was very nice, our conversation got a little bit too indepth but it was ok, I know she was trying to be conversational. We spent the rest of the day sitting in the hot tubs, steam room and sauna. Quite honestly if they would have brought me lunch, I would have stayed there the whole day. They said we could stay until 8pm. Imagine that...11 wonderful hours in a spa? *Dream come true!!*The only thing I would change, is I would have done the facial instead of the pedicure or had the pedicure be the last thing I did. We had to wait outside the hot tub for a whole hour...so when we had to explain to our boyfriends that we had not even enjoyed the hot tub yet...they were not too happy!!Can't wait to go back to heaven!!
5	I treated myself to about 4 hours here and it was so worth it.  The best facial and massages I have ever had.  Also the most luxurious spa.  I thought I was stepping back into a roman bath house or Caligula or something!Would definitely go back and make more use of all the amenities next time too!
5	Still one of my favorites.  Don't waste your time at any other spa on the strip.  I have yet to find one that surpasses this, and I've tried most.Make sure you save time to enjoy the variety of baths.  I could fall asleep in that room on the chairs for hours.
5	Great spa, must visit when you were there will girls....really worth to pay $25 to use the hot tubes.....they have cucumber for your eyes and towels everywhere to keep you dry. They have free drinks and fruit could spend the whole day there........highly recommended.
4	Spa Mandalay is pretty awesome. I've been here about three times now. And luckily on my first visit, I was able to get a couples massage with my former gf at the time. Therapists were pretty good. It was very relaxing. Nicely dim, and soft chime music playing in the back. Well worth the cash. I believe it was a fifty minute swedish massage. From what i remember. This was almost a year ago. If your stressed. Trust me this is what you need. The other times I've visited here. I just came to enjoy the spa itself. With both friends and family. I love the layout. And although it's not very big inside. Every time I've gone its never been really crowded. My robes have never had holes like others have stated. But my robe never came with a damn rope to tie it up with. Anyway. They provide all the goodies. Complementary razors,shave creme,lotions,aftershave,tips for your ears. And other shower stuff. The selection on the snacks they have is very limited. Which sucks. Because it's nice to have a variety of snacks. Especially if your there for half a day. I've yet to try any other spas. So it's kinda hard to compare. All in all. This place is pretty cool. I'd give it a try if you've never been here.
3	Came here this past weekend for my sister in law's bachelorette. I know hotel spa's are expensive, but wowee.... this was the most expensive manicure I've ever had. Reason being..... you cannot use the Spa itself if you don't spend a minimum of $60. The girls were spending the morning at the spa, so what could I do? I had to upgrade my manicure from a $45 purchase to a $60! To me, I think if you're doing any sort of spa service, you should be able to take advantage of the spa amenities. Truly, they didn't offer anything ridiculous - hot tubs, cold plunge pool, and showers. I had to spend $25 for that? The service itself was wonderful. Linda gave me the best manicure I've had. The polish has only chipped a little bit and it's been 5 days. She didn't rush and was thorough. I'd pay $45 for the service again (with Linda) but not the extra to use a shower.
5	My best spa experience. Ever. Period. Their steam and sauna were great. But really, it's their aromatherapy massage that I'm ga-ga over! Wish the masseuse would just move to Chicago!
3	We had free passes from MB, so I don't know what the cost is but it was OK for free.  3 temperature pools, a steamroom and sauna and that was about it.
3	I'm not super in love with the tv room; I'd rather wait for my hour of bliss in the "quiet room" but that's not an option.  So much for serenity.The showers feel like they could use a new tile job and I hate how far away the treatment rooms are - I am naked under this flimsy robe; I do NOT want to walk through these hallways, past the gym, etc.  That said, the massage was great, the sauna just right.  Loved the three different tubs (cold, warm & hot).  Good prices.  Nice spot to lounge about if you're here, but I wouldn't consider it a "destination" spa while you're in town.
5	I had a 2pm pedicure and 3pm massage, so I showed up at the spa around noon so that I could enjoy all of the soaking pools, complimentary beverages, and free toiletries.Upon your arrival, you receive a tour of the entire spa, and I found this really helpful because I hate wandering around trying to find the shampoo, you know? There are two large hot soaking pools (think giant hot tubs), one semi-warm pool, and one cooler pool (did not venture into this one, save for my toe to test the waters). I split my time between one of the hot pools and in a comfy lounge chair reading my book. Heaven!There is a large vanity room that has every kind of toiletry you would need to get ready; there are clean towels EVERYWHERE; each locker room was also equipped with a comfy robe. Water, tea, coffee, and some kind of cranberry juice mixture are available in the waiting room area for your hydration. Drink up!My pedicure was so-so. I wasn't impressed with the selection of OPI nail polishes they had - there were mostly reds, pinks, and neutrals. My pedicurist (whose name escapes me) was chatty at first, but I think she got the hint that I wanted to sit in my massage chair and zone out after a few minutes, and I was grateful for that. My Swedish massage was with CeCe, and she was pretty darn great. She has, um, very strong hands so when I said I preferred a "6" in pressure on a scale of 1-10, she took me very seriously. But honestly, it was a great massage - very relaxing!I just couldn't get over how luxurious and relaxing Spa Mandalay made me feel. I know that people hotel-hop whenever they visit Vegas, but I wouldn't mind another stay at Mandalay again just because of the spa. Not one bit.
2	I had a couple's massage with my husband at Spa Mandalay. I liked the facilities- the pool/hot tub is beautiful and relaxing- this is why my review is 2 stars instead of 1. The massage itself was not good. My masseuse (male, can't remember his name, but had glasses) asked if I had anything he wanted me to focus on before we got started. I said that I prefer to not have a lot of pressure, on the lighter side is better. He said ok, and we got started. Clearly he didn't listen to me because I was in pain for about 85% of the massage. In particular, my back/shoulder area was torn up. I have had at least 10 massages in various spas in Vegas and other locations, and I haven't had this much pain during a massage. I know the difference between healthy massage where some minor pain occurs and someone just hurting me. He took his thumb and completely dug into my shoulder blade area- several times! Plus, when I was lying on my tummy and he was working on my legs, his hands went way over my comfort zone and all over my butt. Like I said, I have had several other massages and this was not what I was used to. When he had me flip over, he just lifted the sheet completely off of me with no warning (hello! I'm naked in here!) and said "ok, time for the other side." He was holding the sheet up kind of in front of his face, but I felt very uncomfortable. Usually the masseuse asks me to flip over while the sheet is still on me. My husband said his masseuse (female) was all over the place and didn't use enough pressure, even when asked repeatedly. I will never come back to Spa Mandalay.
4	Great spa experience. it's clean,  :)There are tons of magazines to read while you are lounging by the pool.They allow woman to walk around the spa area naked. i'm always a bit uncomfortable with naked people... but kudos to you if you are able to flaunt it!another complaint, the steam room was broken when I went! :(
4	Even with just waxing services, I had access to the spa! The access is for use of the Jacuzzi, sauna and lounge areas for relaxation.  You'll also get some complimentary coffee, tea, water and fruit.  It's not a lot, but it is a nice place to go and escape the craziness of the strip and Vegas in general. The waxing services was great! They are very gentle and do a good job of preventing irritation and redness. It was pricey, but that's what you get for going to a spa on the strip for just simple waxing.  It's very convenient if you are staying at the Mandalay. Remember...you are paying for Ambiance! You get what you pay for at this spa.  This is one of the nicest spas I have ever been to. The decor, the quietness and the zen feeling is amazing here. I would gladly come back for a round of pampering....when I have cash to spare.
4	I've become a fan of spas in Vegas over the past few years. My favorite spa so far is Qua at Caesar's Palace, but the Spa at Mandalay Bay comes into close second.In order to use the facility, you need to be a guest at the hotel during the weekend. Which was nice, because the spa did not feel as busy as other spas I've been to in Vegas. I'm not sure during the week days, but it shouldn't be a problem when people are stuck at conventions. If you just want to use the spa just for the lounge, gym, and water pools, it is $25.I had a Swedish Massage done by Wendy, she did a great job. It's about $135 before tip for a 50 minute massage. I think I've come to the point where I prefer deep tissue massages though. All services performed includes use of all the facilities.I like the facilities a lot at Mandalay. Of course, the massage rooms are clean and have serene type music playing during your massage. The locker room is plenty big, the only complaint here is that they give you an actual key to walk around the spa with. It gets annoying when the key clanks like a dog collar. The lockers have a really comfortable wool robe to walk around the spa in with sandals. The water areas are nice, as they have the hot, medium, and cool water pools. The hot pools have jets and chair areas to sit in. They do have a dry and steam sauna, I did not use them this time. If you are curious about clothes, some people wore bathing suits and others were nude. The TV lounge area is comfortable if you want to read outside of the water area. There are two TVs going with something probably from ESPN. I watched the Bengals-Texan playoff game, and it was enjoyable and relaxing. They have juices, teas, coffee, and water available to drink. The only food I saw were apples and bananas. The shower facility is kept clean. I like how the heat for the showers are marked from 1 to 10 based on heat. The grooming/mirrored area has all the stuff you need to get ready to leave. Shavers, shaving cream, lotions, combs (in that barbercide stuff), Q-tips, hairspray, etc etc. I did not use the gym, but there is one available.This is a great spa facility they have at Mandalay Bay, and I recommend it 100%. (4 stars in this case does not mean 80%).
4	I love the BathHouse, I'm a huge fan of steam rooms. There is a steam room, sauna, small heated pool and a hot and cold jacuzzi. Clean, comfortable and quiet - very nice spot to relax.
4	I've visited Spa Mandalay a few times over the years, and always have been satisfied with their services.  While I think Qua at Caesar's Palace is a nicer spa, I cannot knock Spa Mandalay.One gripe I do have is that you cannot purchase a day pass to the spa on the weekends unless you are getting a service or are a hotel guest. In this economy, I'd figure that any business is good business, and most locals can't just take off during the week to have a spa day.The spa itself has a very light and airy feel. There are the standard whirlpools,sauna, and steam room, as well as a relaxation lounge.  The workout area is well equipped as well.I've received a massage and a facial here as well. I had a good massage experience (not great, but good), but I was not thrilled with the facial I received.
4	I visited this spa in March during a trip back home to Vegas. I really liked this spa, especially the jacuzzi area. I checked in at the front desk and was offered a tour around the facility when I informed them that it was my first time at Spa Mandalay. In terms of customer service, I thought that some girls really went out of their way to be helpful, but others didn't seem to care. They had some refreshments at the front desk which included fruit, lemon water and cranberry pineapple juice. I loved that they had little to-go cups with lids, so I could take a cup of water or juice around the spa with me or on my way out.I spent the time before my treatment hanging out in the whirlpools, sauna, and steam room. The whirlpools were amazing! They are very beautifully crafted with fish shaped fountains that dribble water into the pools. It was so relaxing to kick back and listen to the running water. The pools are also very large, with 1 large tepid pool, 2 huge hot pools, and 1 small cold plunge pool. I tried all of them! There was plenty of seating around the pool area with a bowl of cool cucumber slices and plenty of magazines. I went in the middle of a Wednesday afternoon, so I didn't have to fight for a chair. The sauna and steam room were okay, but nothing special. I liked that the steam room was fairly large and not entirely filled with steam. It took away the claustrophobic feeling that steam rooms sometimes give off. The sauna was a little small, but plenty warm. The smell of eucalyptus and cedar were missing from those rooms, though. There were baskets filled with cold water and icy towels near the steam room and sauna, but they were a little hard to find. My treatment was great. i got a 50 minute Desert Stone Massage. The oil the therapist used smelled great, and it was a very relaxing treatment. My therapist (I believe her name was Grazia) was very nice but not overly talkative. I was incredibly sad when the 50 minutes were up, because I have not felt that relaxed in a long time! I took a shower after my treatment, but it took a few tries to find a shower that was fully stocked with a towel and wash cloth. It was easy to see that some showers had been used or had linens taken out of them, but the staff didn't seem to be in a great hurry to restock them. The vanity area had tons of amenities and space. The only thing they didn't have was eye makeup remover. I decided to spa here on a whim, so I forgot I was wearing some heavy mascara before I got it wet!Overall, I would gladly return here if I was on the south end of the Strip or if there was a promotion going on, but there are still some other Vegas spas I would like to try.
5	I treated myself to to two spa visits. The first at the Hard Rock for a Spa Week Massage and the 2nd at Mandalay for a facial. Loved loved loved the facial. I'm a frequent visitors to spas and have to say the facial by CONNIE was one of if not the best!  She analyzed my skin and tailored the facial to meet my skin needs. Having a medical background this adds to her esthetician practice.  Ask the receptionist when you book if there are any deals going on. The day I went if you liked them on FB you received 20% off services over $80.
4	Great massage but I've had one or two better ones. The room inside was nice but hate the music. It was like......I don't know, lots of syncopation and wasn't pleasant. Put on some classical or Enya type songs. Facility inside was great, nice hot shower. Oh and I loved how they even had fruit besides just the cucumber/lime water :)
4	The spa cost about $35 per person. I loved the tranquil atmosphere and the clean facilities. The idea of public bathhouses/bathrooms/anything usually make me gag but this spa is extremely well kept that I didn't even realize that I was in the nude in public. Speaking of nude, you can wear a bathing suit if you do not wish to expose yourself so no worries if you're shy. Also, when you are in the bathing area, make sure you wear slippers so you do not slip and crack open your skull like an egg (mmm...I love runny eggs...). If you want, bring your own shampoo/conditioner/soap or you can use the ones provided in the showers. There is free fruit, coffee, juice, and water provided within the facility as well. Lastly, I really liked the fact it wasn't that crowded the day I was there. Next time I'm definitely going to get a massage. Can't wait. For those of you are there already: Nap! Enjoy! Relax!
4	Ditto on CONNIE!!!  I have been to spas all over the world and I highly recommend Connie.  She gave me a wonderful facial and I really did a good job analyzing my skin issues at the moment.  Ask for her.
5	I make it a point to stay at the Mandalay because of the spa Connie is amazing my skin glows after she gives me a facial and Adam's massages are out of this world. I have been to many five star resorts and had facials and massages and they are the best of the best
4	The first professional massage I ever got was in Port Elizabeth, South Africa from a reflexology student who told me the zit on my butt cheek was caused by vibe blockage. (I'm working on that).The most recent massage I ever got was yesterday, from Chris at Spa Mandalay, who kneaded me into a buttery pie dough and left me cooling on a sun-dappled windowsill. Chris is a tremendous masseuse and an all-around stand-up guy with a soothing baritone voice and entertaining stories about studying to work in wildlife management in the 1990s. Now he's giving back rubs on the Las Vegas strip, which is to say, sometimes life doesn't take the path you thought it would, but I was happy to benefit from Chris's unanticipated detour.
5	Hap is an amazing masseuse!  Definitely go for the milk and honey scrub!  What a treat!  Thank you!  I'll be back.
3	I would have given this place 5 stars 1-2 years ago and I go a couple of times a year.  Still one of my favorite spas but it is getting a bit dated hence the 3-stars.  I recently had an 80-min massage in August and it was quite amazing!  They have a facebook special that provides 20% off until 12/31 so it makes the pricing a little more reasonable though the services are not cheap by any stretch.  The facilities are large so you are definitely not sitting on top of one another and have ample room to move which is nice. They have 3 large hot pools and 1 cold plunge and a nice steam room that is relaxing.  The people here can be a bit creepy depending on the time but usually people are cool and things are fine.  The best time to go is very early in the morning (before 8AM) as you have the place practically to yourself and can read the paper, take a nap and use all the facilities with hardly anyone there.  The massages are generally quite amazing and the people really know what they are doing.  So while pricey they are worth it!  The spa fee is $25 day/ multi-day slightly less and are worth it if you just like to relax for a portion of a day and use the facilities which, while dated, are clean and large so overall very nice. Hopefully they do an update to the place soon.
4	I was truly pleased with my experience at Spa Mandalay!  I'm also truly pleased with myself with figuring out the best way to "do Vegas".  The formula that worked was booking spa appointments on the morning of the last day of my trip since you have access to the facilities all day long, even once you check out of the hotel.  Any smart East Coaster is taking the red-eye home and not wasting their entire day on a plane.  Instead, go chill by the outdoor pool which is located on the same level, just outside of the spa or enjoy all the wonderful ambiance and facilities within Spa Mandalay.Signed up for morning treatments with my friend - both of us with a massage and facial.   The massage therapists were all friendly, professional and courteous.  I like that they didn't up-sell too much as they do in most spas...they recommend what products you should use on a consult card as you leave instead of lecturing you over and over and over to get you to buy.  If I had the moolah I would've booked treatments all day long, but the rest of our relaxation came in the form of libations by the hotel's pool until it closed (6pm in September), then back to the spa for a nice dip in the Jacuzzi, (available in "hot" and "super hot" and "cold" plunge too, but that is SO not my thing!), quiet time in the "quiet room" with a vast selection of magazines, and a snooze on the comfy chaise lounges by the aforementioned Jacuzzis.  Don't you just love the sound of trickling water fountains and tranquil spa music playing in the background!?!  All those harps and pianos and other calming instruments!?!  Anyway, the spa had complimentary fruit, teas, lemon water and a great pineapple-cranberry concoction that kept my thirst quenched all day long.  The facilities were very clean and the shower set up was a very convenient and an intricate part of my formula!  It was great to be able to take a nice warm pre-red eye shower with the spa-provided shower gel, shampoo/conditioner, etc. located within the dressing area.  Blow dryers and anything else you need are already there for you to glam up in case there's cute guys on the plane.  It is Vegas after all so hey - you never know!  Never again will I need to do a rinse off at the pool and quick change in a ladies room before a flight.  From now on it's Spa Mandalay all the way.  That Niki - yep, she's one smart cookie ;)
5	My husband got me an 80 minture spa package for my 25th birthday and it was the best present I have ever received. I was shocked to find out that the hot tubs, sauna, steam room and the fruity drinks were included in my 80 minute massage treatment. The place was extremely clean. The staff was very friendly. My massage was just Amazing, my whole body was put in a coma it felt that great. I actually thought there was no way it had been 80 minutes already but I guess I was so relaxed I did not realize it went that quick. The music i did not care for but the massage felt so good i did not even realize the music in the background nor did i need the music to relax myself.  There was plenty of refreshments and fruit to snack on. I wish I had more time to stay and relax and use the cucumbers on my eyes. You can go and relax all day for $25 if you just want to use hot tubs, sauna and steam room which heck I will be back. The spa offered a local discount for locals sunday-thursday which saved us $50. My husband actually researched and said this was the Best spa in town for what it offers he was going to get a spa package at my favorite hotel "Bellagio" but fo what he paid i would only received a 50 minute massage and no extras like the hot tubs etc. If you want an awesome day at the spa this is the place to go :)
5	By far the best experience ever!
5	I love this spa! I feel like I'm in a movie when I'm here. When you walk through the doors of the facility area, the first thing you see are the pools and the fish statues spitting water into the each pool. They have a hot tub, a cold tub, and a warm tub! Goldilocks would really enjoy herself here. :)They even had a bowl of freshly sliced cucumbers to place on your eyes. All they need is a lady feeding you grapes while fanning you with an oversized leaf to complete the package, but I guess an apple will just have to do.
4	This place is pretty good - if you get here early enough you can take advantage of their spa while waiting for your massage or something.I came here with my friend for the massage and they offered a 50-minute massage for $150 with all-day access to their spa.  We purchased it and were escorted indoors (there's a separate spa for the men).  For the women's side - they have a steam room, sauna, several jacuzzi (cold, hot, very hot, room temperature), showers (with shampoo, conditioner, body wash), a vanity room (facial wash, facial lotion,hair gel, hair spray, blow dryer, curling iron, and even brushes, etc.), lounge chairs (with freshly sliced cucumbers!), quiet room, and beverages and snacks.  It's a very clean place with friendly staff. The massage itself was decent (I kind of wished it was longer and she could pinpoint the areas that need to be focused on more, but I guess the 50-minutes wasn't enough).  I asked her to focus on my shoulders, she did, but I didn't realize that my feet could also use some attention too. But by that time, my time was up.This place is a pretty good place to be pampered into - take advantage of the all-day spa service (you have until their closing time).  You can come in early, leave, and then come back (just tell them their name and that you had a service here earlier).  If I go back to Vegas, this place will probably be on my list to return to.
5	Just for the tubs - five stars.  Additional fees but worth it. Great work out in the gym then off to laze in the spa. It was so early, I had the place to myself and I took full advantage of it.  Fresh fruit, fresh sliced cucumbers, coffee, tea, iced towels, fresh orange cranberry water, lotions, current magazines all were just some of the perks.  I lounged, I swam in the hot pool, plunged in the cold pool, sweat it out in the steam room.  Showered using all their fine products then off I'd go, smiling to a full day of trade showing in the conference center.
5	While in Vegas for a long convention my wife flew out to spend a few days with me in Vegas. I booked her a massage and add on of hot stone and pedicure.Her massage was booked for 10:00 am but she went down about 8:00 am and spend 2 hours enjoying the hot tub, suana and lounging.At 10:00 the masseur came to get her and she got her 1 hour full body massage with hot stones. After the massage she had lunch in the spa and lounged again for a while. She spent about 5 hours in the spa and loved every minute of it.She has had many massages before. This was the first time that she had a male masseur (Nap). She said that he was very, very good and very professional and that it was the best massage that she ever had. Everyone there was attentive to her every need.
3	I love spas, I go to as many as I can to rest and relax.  I've been fortunate enough to experience the spas at Mandarin Oriental, MGM, Mandalay Bay, Aria and The Venetian.  The Spa at Mandalay Bay is nice, there is no question there.  What turned me off is that it was PACKED.  I mean busting at the seams with women.   Granted, we went on a Saturday at 10 AM but we couldn't find chairs to sit on in the main room with the pools, the locker rooms were elbow to elbow and I had to wait to shower.  That turned me off.My massage was wonderful though.
4	Enjoyed an excellent deep tissue massage here a few weeks back which was perfect to help relieve my stress. Gio was my masseuse and I mentioned that he should be tough on me since I was used to medical masages every week. He took that seriously and gave me a good massage/beating! LOL I was very happy with the amount of pressure he used on me. The subsequent time that you are able to spend in the spa lounging in their sauna or varying temperature whirlpools, one is cold, one is lukewarm and one is hot, is a great finishing touch after a great massage. Excellent spa, beautiful and clean with an attentive staff. And the prices were in line with what I was used to in New York.
4	Really enjoyed Spa Mandalay.  Had  the radiance facial and my facial was pretty good, not the best I've ever had but very nice.  Loved the jacuzzi with warm, hot and cold dipping sections.  Also, if you book a service, you can use Spa the whole day, including gym.  Or if you don't book an appointment, you can get a day pass for $25.
5	I really like this spa. I first came here in 2006 for my bachelorette party, it was jut my moms and sisters and we had a nice lunch brought into the lounge area. The massage was excellent and since it was my first Las Vegas spa (and the first large one at the time) I was completely blown away. Fast forward to last month, I was staying at the Mandalay for a convention and I just got the day passes. I'm still loving this spa, they maintain it very well for a spa this size and age. The amenities are really good and it's just a very relaxing place to be. And the gym is really well equipped with the latest equipment. (The free cardio room at the hotel is meh...get the spa pass if you want a real gym.)It is a lot "brighter" than the more recently built spas, but I think that's part of the charm that I like; It's warm, not dark.  I've been to 7 spas in Vegas now and it's still one of the most spacious. (I still have to check out Qua!) so having a place of your own isn't hard. Especially if you're there during the week. I had that whole place to myself on a Thursday at 2pm! AWESOME! Slept on the chaise lounges, watched TV, read some magazines...it was like my living room for the afternoon! If anything, I'd invite people just to check out this spa just for the size of it AND they have wonderful chenille robes!
5	You just can't go wrong here, bring your swim suits ad gym clothes too so you can utilize it all :D
4	This review will cover the following: -Locals Discount-Using SpaFinder gift cards from Costco-Staff and Facilities-Massage and Facial Services-Comparison to Qua at Caesar's PalaceLOCALS DISCOUNTThe website says locals get 25% off SUN-THURS.  I called the concierge a day in advance to book for Sunday and confirm this information.  When I got to the counter, the receptionist said it was MON-THURS only.  She called her manager who probably told her to just give me the discount because she said it was fine.SPAFINDER GIFT CARDSI had a couple issues using them at Spa Mandalay.  I bought $200 worth (4-$50 cards) from Costco for $160.  After my discount, I had a balance of $23.75 which CANNOT BE APPLIED TO THE TIP and their exact words were "IF YOU DON'T USE IT, YOU LOSE IT."  I lost it but what I should've done was used $150 worth of the gift cards, kept the last card, and paid the difference out of pocket.  Also, see the section comparing this spa to Qua.STAFF AND FACILITIESStaff were attentive and friendly. Loved the two hot tubs and the warm tub.  Sauna was large and the chairs in the quiet room were comfortable.  I went on Sunday when it wasn't very busy but if it was busy, the hot and warm tubs are structured in such a way that no matter where you or your friends are sitting in it, it feels private. Large lockers with keys.  Lots of chairs that surround the tubs.  MASSAGE AND FACIALSharon gave a great massage!  When I asked for more pressure for my Swedish massage, she gave me something closer to what a deep tissue massage...which was great!  I appreciated that she did not speak much.  Ashlee gave my 25 minute facial which was very relaxing and my tired skin definitely looked radiant afterwards.  My face was so smooth!  One odd thing to note: neither Sharon nor Ashlee consulted me prior to my treatments about areas of concerns or questions I may have had.  I had to interrupt their routine to tell them not to massage my arches or what to expect from my facial.  I felt like I had rudely disrupted their routine by asking questions.  It's ok, the excellent treatments made up for it.SPA MANDALAY vs. QUAHere are my votes:--SpaFinder giftcards: both accept them.  Qua will let you apply the balance of the cards to your tips, whereas SpaMandalay is not so flexible.--Treatments: Spa Mandalay--Hot tub: Spa Mandalay, but the Qua baths are cool too. I like the way the Spa Mandalay's tubs are built more so than the Qua ones.--Sauna: Spa Mandalay's is larger--Tea, Fruit, and Juices: Qua has pretzels and more drinks in addition to fruit, Spa Mandalay has cucumber water, pineapple cranberry juice, apples, and bananas.--Size: Qua is more spacious. For large groups or on weekend days, I'd pick Qua.--Ambience: Spa Mandalay is better lit, more tropical.  Qua is dimmer, better for taking a nap.  I can do with either.--Qua has additional amenities: Thermal seats (which guests claim early in the morning so I didn't get a chance to try one) and Arctic room (which is cool, but small).--Location: Both are located near the lobby where valet parking drop off is located.  If you self-parked, you will have to walk through the casino to get to the spa.--Coed: I think Qua has a Coed area but Spa Mandalay doesn't.  Double check this.Overall, I wouldn't mind returning to Spa Mandalay now that I have a better understanding of their policies.  I've also been to the Spa & Salon at Aria and the Spa at Red Rock Casino (both of which have smaller hot tubs and saunas but larger co-ed facilities that include a pool/tub, etc.).
5	Fantastic!!! Not only is the spa gorgeous but the massage was amazing!! Get the hot stone add on, SOOO worth it!!!!
4	Nice spa, had a great massage and the staff was friendly.  Typical amenities: dry sauna, steam room, hot tub (hot, warm, and cold plunge), showers, locker room, etc.  Good overall experience, only deducted one star because it's not the nicest spa I've been to, but considering the price I was expecting it would be on par with some of the nicest I've seen.  I would definitely go again if I stayed at the Mandalay or a neighboring hotel, but I wouldn't go out of my way if I was staying at a hotel on a different part of the strip.
2	I booked a facial/massage here in the summer as well as a manicure for myself and a pedicure for my friend. I've been to several spas and I was very excited to come here since I love the hotel.When I first arrived, I was greeted, given a locker, and changed into a robe. The robe wasn't fitting too well around my chest area (busty) so I asked one of the ladies if they had something else after I explained my issue and held my robe closed at the chest. I was asked to go and relax in the seating area while she got me a new robe. The new robe never arrived. The lady who was giving me a facial/massage came over and greeted me as I continued to hold my robe closed at the chest. She took me outside of the women's spa area and a bunch of men turned around to look at me. I wasn't too comfortable since my boobs were practically falling out. We went into a room where regular traffic of people passed through between the front desk and the spa store, I believe. As I laid there getting a facial I kept hearing people talk and laugh outside of the door. The facial was nice, but the massage felt like she was just rubbing my back in the same motion. The motions were relaxing anyhow.One issue I had was the woman who did my facial never asked me if my skin was sensitive to anything. After the facial, my face got red and itchy. It became very dry. I wasn't sure what she used, but I could have asked myself ahead of time. I wish I had a  better experience because I wanted to love it.
5	I give this spa a 5. It's big, it's clean. And beautiful. I purchased a day pass because that's all the time I had. My sister and I spent 3 hours there -  hopping between hot spring, warm spring, cold spring, sauna, and steam room. Meanwhile, ample supply of fresh fruit, fruit juice, coffee, tea, and ice water. When we got tired, we read, chatted, and watched TV on iPad. 3-hours went by quickly.There will be repeated visits to this place in the near future.
5	HIGHLY recommended! Shawna is an amazing massage therapist!! My experience here this evening goes beyond 5 stars and I can't wait to visit again!
1	I have a lot of experience with massages and treatments . This is not a spa of 5 stars hotel! Me and my husband came to relax and do a massage after gym, we has an appointment at 6:30 pm today and we called to say we gonna be late in 5 min. We paid for a 50 min Sweden massage but we got a 35 min massage-which was horrible!!!!!! That lady who did my massage-shina was in a rush , her hands were cold the oil that she was using was cold, I didn't get foot massage , and I felt like someone is doing me a favor. That wasn't a professional massage. I would never recommend anyone to come over this place.
1	Their manager Brandon has the audacity to argue with customers. Extremely rude manager with 0 ounce of professionalism. It was truly a disgustig display.
2	I expected more out of this place.  It was very nice but I had spent the previous day at the Imperial Health spa (rough weekend, I know).  Hated, hated, hated the stupid keys they give you.  It sounded like a dog park the entire time I was there with all the clanking of the medal.  Am I the only one that thinks this is not very relaxing??  Plus it cost $25 to get in as a hotel guest.  Meh.
4	I received two day passes with my vacation package, and even though I didn't have any extra money to spend on a treatment, I found it very relaxing and enjoyable. The place was quiet, and clean. Everyone was very friendly, efficient, and helpful. I recommend a day here after a long night partying. I came back twice on the same day, grabbed their tropical juice and laid on a chair.  I can't wait to visit next time. The only reason I don't give this 5 stars, is because I was really looking forward to the eucalyptus in the sauna, and the girl couldn't find any anywhere. At least she tried.
5	Beautiful spa, specious, clean, and most importantly quite and relaxing. Wendy, massage therapist, did a really great job. I was scheduled for the 50min platinum massage, which is a nice combination of Swedish and Deep Tissue. Wendy is a great therapist, great touch!  I could totally feel that she's been doing it for a while :)  Spa has nice jacuzzi, sauna and my absolutely favorite eucalyptus steam room. Great and healthy snacks are everywhere plus yummy flavored two kinds of waters. Money and time definitely well spend :) Highly recommend if you want to relax after being in Vegas for a few days :)
4	I was in town on business and decided to book a massage. I called about 3 weeks in advance and booked the 50 minute platinum massage ($150). Yes, it's pricey but with access to the facilities before and after the massage, it was definitely worth it. Rhiannon checked me in, she was very kind and helpful. Christina was the attendant in the women's lounge. She gave me a tour of the facility and explained everything, including that the lounge is ladies only and "clothing optional". This doesn't bother me but I guess it may be uncomfortable for some people so I thought I would mention it in my review. Christina answered all of my questions and was very polite and professional. I wish I could remember the name of the gentleman who performed my massage- it was very relaxing and he always checked on my comfort throughout the massage (pressure, table temperature, etc.). I arrived 2 hours before my massage because my work meeting ended early, so I had plenty of time to sit and relax. The eucalyptus steam room and warm pool were both my favorite. I loved sipping some tea and lounging in the comfy chairs too. After my massage I rounded through the steam room and hot pool then into the showers- they had everything I needed to get back through the casino without looking like a drown rat, including hair dryers, hair spray, curling irons, mouthwash and deodorant. (I would have loved to see other hair products like hair oil or finishing cream to fight the frizz after a blow dry but I will remember to pack a little bag next time).  The only thing I think they could improve on is the decor, it is slightly dated but the facility is very well taken care of and very clean. I felt so relaxed when I left. I would definitely recommend this facility to others and can't wait to go back for a girls weekend and spend some time here again!
3	This place is huge! Includes the normal showers, sauna, steam room & complimentary drinks. Also had 3 jacuzzis at different temperatures for your liking. The massage I got was fine, nothing extraordinary, but certainly not the worst. I'm   only giving 3 stars as I wish they put as much effort into their sound design & sound proofing as they did the amenities. Looking at my past spa reviews, I see a pattern that I personally am aware of the sound around me, so with the music rotation going from acoustic guitar that sounded like I was in a timeshare infomercial, to dramatic pianos that made me think the Phantom of the Opera was going to jump out, to a cue that centered around a theremin (waiting for the aliens to attack); I felt out of place in my environment. However, the worst part was the noise from the gents in the fitness room next door dropping their weights and other staff slamming cupboard doors. Spas are suppose to be a place of relaxation. Indulging in all the senses. I don't care how good you rub me down, if there's noise, there's no relaxation.
5	I always have a spa day when I got to Vegas. Pampering myself is a guilty pleasure I have. I am kind of a spa snob. I love this place. The only one that tops it is Caesar's Palace and their Roman Baths. This one comes second and the spa at Bellagio comes third. They have a small cold plunge, a middle sized warm spa, and a larger hot spa. I think the warm and the hot should switch but honestly their warm water spa felt amazing. It was so relaxing and felt amazing. I soaked in it for a long time after my massage. they also have a steam room and sauna. The relaxation areas were great too. They have a very comfortable quiet room which I fell asleep in. I also fell asleep on on of the lounge chairs where the spas are. The ladies working there were awesome. They served fruit, hot and cold teas, water, coffee, and a yummy juice blend that I loved! The also have showers with shampoo, conditioner and body wash for afterwards. they also have a vanity area complete with brushes, hairdryers, curling irons, mouthwash, and everything you need to fix yourself up before you leave. The Massage:They asked me on the phone when I booked the appointment and asked me if  preferred I male or female therapist. I said I had no preference because I really don't. As long as they do a good job I could care less. they set me up with a male therapist named Gio. He did an amazing job on my massage, he asked me if there were any areas I cared to focus on and areas to avoid. He listened to me well and did as I asked, I don't know why but it seems like male therapists tend to understand the amount pressure I like and do a better job achieving that. Females tend to go a little too hard to the point of where it hurts while male therapists seem to understand their own strength and be little more gentle. That is just my personal experience though. Now onto the massage. He did an amazing job and focused on my lower back and shoulders which are my problem areas. The entire massage felt amazing from start to finish however. i was very pleased. I highly recommend Gio. Overall, i loved this spa and I most definitely will be back and I will ask for Gio when I call. It is a very relaxing place to spend the day in. They keep it very clean and the customer service is great.
