3	Liquid is Aria's answer to Wet Republic, Bare, Moorea Beach Club, Encore Beach Club, and just about every other day time pool party that the strip has to offer. It's managed by the Light Group, which also manages Bare. With that in mind, its like being at a nightclub in the day time with DJ's spinning music, alcohol being overpriced, and girls in skimpy attire. What does it have going for it? It's in Aria, which is a nice property. The facilities are top notch, but I still think that Encore Beach Club is a better bet for your daytime partying needs.
4	Was here Friday and here's 4 reasons for 4 stars:~ Awesome music!  Not too loud but certainly helps get you into the day-party mood!~ Excellent service....I got to pick my chair, the staff was super friendly, and I never waited too long for drinks.~ Great crowd...this may vary day to day but it's a plus that Liquid doesn't pack people in....there was room to breathe and mingle.~ Everything is new, cool, and trendy.  This place beats the other admission-only pools...if for no other reason than it's brand-spanking new.The one downside?  It's a freaking act of Congress to get in this place, even without a line. Come early.  Come early and be patient.
4	Came here on a Saturday afternoon and I was pleasantly surprised by Liquid. Walking in I was a tad afraid I was going to walk into something you see at TAO beach. Thank God it was nothing of the sort. They never over packed the place so there was always room to walk around and have your own space. It felt somewhat like a relaxed day at a really nice pool, alas there were still a few crazy people who are doing all the wrong things in a very public place. Seriously, do they know we're staring at them not bc they're hot but instead a hot mess? Children, we are in Vegas that doesn't mean you still don't have a last name that your mom/dad would very much appreciate you not putting to shame. Grandma set aside, Liquid is a place you go for some good music (a DJ spins) and good food!! I'm not lying when I say their mahi mahi tacos were one of tastiest I've had. I promise if you try them they won't disappoint. Only issue is that they make you eat it at the bar, I'd rather eat it where I'm sitting so I can take my time. I had to throw out one of the taco's bc I didn't have space in my tum. All in all the decor is pretty and the place is new and fresh so if you're feeling in the mood for drinks and music by the pool I'd recommend it.
4	Why 4 stars you say? Well for one I got in for free on a Sat. last week. Two, this place is hot! The club at Aria Haze is nothing compare to this you actually have A LOT of attractive people that come here, (no offense) especially the girls. Ladies, make sure your two piece looks great on you and you have hot sunglasses to match bec. that is all I saw when I went. This place is much bigger then Tao beach and not to mention a lot cleaner. For the most part the set up is great one main pool and beds all around it. I would say one draw back is that they only have one bar but that is the norm for these fun in the sun pool parties. Oh and at least the day I was there the music was awesome top 20, OG SHIT and even some tight B-sides. All in all I do not think you will be disappointed especially if your a dude.
4	LV Yelpers! Lookin' for a pool party?! Liquid @ Aria... is a must do if you're in the area.I came here this past weekend, both Saturday and Sunday (I stayed at Vdara, so it was easy for me to just walk over without catching a taxi).Saturday was great came around 1pm stayed till 6... weather was nice, packed with people and good music. That day, they charged $40 for guys and free for girls... with a $200 minimum per chair... which we wanted 2 chairs... but they could only offer us 1. On a good note, music was great! I danced for 5 hours straight and entertained all of liquid. Left with a lot of fans, lol. On an off note but not surprising, a couple was caught having sex in the pool and got kicked out.Sunday came around 1230pm left at 330pm... weather wasn't great... windy... clouds over sun... there was a little sunshine here and there... but due to the weather, it wasn't as crowded as Saturday. People actually remembered me from the day before... guess I stood out with all that dancin I was doin. That day, they didn't charge cover for guys... but they wanted a $50 minimum per chair and there was 4 of us, so we spent another $200. It was so windy that day that one the lounge beds flew up in the air and almost landed on me! =( Yummm! I don't drink alcohol, so I was all about the food! Good stuff!I had alot of food on their menu:- ahi- shrimp cocktail- club sandwich- coconut shrimp- virgin pina colada- virgin mango daiquiri - they even got us coffee, which wasn't on the menu.$25 for liquid shirts. I love mines!Bathroom is clean.Except to wait 20-30 mins. for your bill.Come here if you don't have a problem dropping $200 (food/drinks) for fun in the sun. Not super packed, so there's room to breath and dance!-1 star for $200 for 1 chair... and not being able to accommodate us with 2 chairs. Paying that much $, they should make it happen!I hope to return one day! Worth checkin out. Mixed crowd.Don't forget your ID!Enjoy my photos =0)Lots of X&O to LIQUID! I miss U!
5	Aria has a huge pool area with multiple pools but tucked in the pack is their pool party, Liquid.  It's kinda small.  Bigger than Tao Beach but no where nearly as big as Rehab.  Probably twice the size of Tao with just one main pool surrounded by day beds with maybe 10 cabanas along the back with their own separate smaller pools.  The place was packed and poppin'.  The guest DJ was European so they were pumpin' house at a ridiculously loud blast.  I was drunk, so I didn't care.  Lots of good looking people mixed with not-so-good looking people that probably have lots of money (since they were the ones spraying Moet all over the pool).  I don't know what daybeds or cabanas go for but lounge chairs have a $200 tab minimum each.  Cover is $30 for ladies and $50 for guys but it's easy to get in without paying if you have a connection.  Ladies don't have to wait in line but the guys' line was ridiculously long.  They purposely make guys wait for a long time to get in.  That's just the way it is.
2	Considering I've been to Wet Republic (my fave big pools) and Bare (my fave small pool), Liquid is aiiiiight! Which is funny cuz my friend had a cabana here and despite that, I wasn't impressed. lolThe pool is really small, especially compared to the lounge itself. I mean, we prolly don't go to pool parties/lounges for swimming but, what is this...a baby pool??! They expect people to, literally, dip their feet in the water and that's it??!! lolIf you're staying at Aria, JUST STAY AT THE ARIA POOL...bigger pool and more space for lounging; and still just as much hot bodies to stare at!!!!!
5	My first review is from the first time I came to Liquid in April.  I was here recently for Memorial Day Weekend and it was off the chain.  It was insane craziness.  People just having a really great time.  I found out that the Euro DJ I had mentioned before is Benny Bennasi and apparently he's World famous.  I am now a fan.  He gets the place going.  For the first few hours they have their resident DJ that plays hip hop and top-40.  Then Benny Bennasi and Boys Noize came on and played House.  I'm not a House fan but I was feeling it.  I was also way drunk.  It was one of the best times I have ever had, EVER!  At first, it wasn't too busy, so it was easy to get drinks but once it got packed, the bartender took awhile.  The staff (bartenders, security guards, doormen, etcs) were super friendly.  We got here early and didn't have to wait in line at all.  However, cover for guys was $70.  It's usually not that much but this was a holiday weekend.  Ladies, get the free passes from the guys in the hotel that are passing them out.  Most people here are fairly good looking with nice bodies.  This place is a little nicer than Rehab (which I heard is going downhill FAST due to the type of people that are attracted to that venue).  The bathrooms are clean.  The Patron shots are heavy.  I can't wait to go here again.  It's my new favorite pool party in Vegas.
5	Last Tuesday, my friends all slept in 'til 2pm so I was on my own. I was looking for a good pool with good people and I found it here.The staff was very friendly and attentive (Josh, Nadene, and Brian - whose Celtics just couldn't put it together :) ).  The kobe burger was excellent. The drinks were strong. And the people were not only gorgeous but down to earth and easy to talk with. The smaller pool helps initiate conversations. At one point, around noon, I counted 15 or 16 beautiful women and 4 guys (myself included).  It picked up around 2 but still had a good ratio. My friends blew it while I had a great time. =)The property itself is top-notch, very clean, and very modern. All around a great time and well worth it.
4	This place caught me by surprise...I was expecting a ton of techo music and a so so crowd so I didnt go the first 2 days I was in town. Sunday we went to get a cabana at the normal pool and they were sold out so we got one at Liquid. Very very VERY nice cabanas with 2 plasma's, AC, fridges, 2 day beds, your own sound system, and great service. Not to mention the private pool up by the cabanas is great because the normal pool is insane.The music was off the hook. The DJ was mixing ODB into 80's and really set the mood. I was looking around and seeing everyone just dancing and having a good time screaming.Good times Liquid !!
5	I think this was one of the best times I've ever had!  Liquid feels like a spa and has a very relaxing atmosphere.  There were nine of us in a large cabana up by the private wading pool and we had a wonderful waitress named Dani and another attendant named TJ - I'll make sure to ask for them both next time I am there.  We started with bottles of Patron Silver, Grey Goose, and Stoli Orange and managed to polish off several more throughout the day with the help of a dozen fine young ladies.  This is the place to be if you're looking for great service and a relaxing atmoshere (not a pickup joint).  Well worth the price!
5	Liquid definitely needs way more reviews and more visits. I think people haven't started venturing to the Aria side of the strip, but this place is a gem in the making. My best way to describe Liquid is that you walk in and you are immediately drowned in class but at the same time never underestimate the amount of party this place can deliver. On Thursday we planned Liquid as our starting point of the entire July 4th JC Semi Invasion weekend. I parked in Aria, and it was a good 10 minute walk through the casino. It was fine with me, because I have never been to Aria. If Liquid wasn't there, I wouldn't go to Aria in the first place. As I got to the front of the line, I notice Jas shows up with his wife. I greet him and quickly I see Canuck with his wife and buddy show up as well. So far we are only waiting on Marcus. He said he was running late so we decided to walk in. I talked to my contact Peter K and he quickly recognized me from the forums. He said that my day bed will be ready within a few minutes. Sure enough a few minutes later we were all walked in straight to our daybed which was located in the front of the pool. Right in the middle of the action between a daybed full of two hot girls! PIC (http://sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-ash2/hs028.ash2/34775_125218164188844_100001019834956_129045_1988395_n.jpg)The waitresses dressed in their hot blue bikinis started making us drinks. They look sexy and classy.. check this PIC (http://sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-snc4/hs158.snc4/37215_125218364188824_100001019834956_129068_2384072_n.jpg)Also the big deal with coming here Thursdays, which I highly recommend is $5 patron shots and $2 coronas. Thats a steal in Vegas. Sure enough Jaseop started to order them by the trays. One shot round after another.. we were f'd up. I couldn't tell whats the water, or whats the day bed. So I got in the water realizing my feet was burning up.  Jase's wife introduced me to 6 different girls from T.dot (Toronto for you yanks) and they were super friendly. Then I was talking to this one too: PIC ( http://sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-ash2/hs028.ash2/34775_125218180855509_100001019834956_129050_4178385_n.jpg)What can I say.. the women here are hot. Oh yes, Chappy picked up on one of my facebook updates and decided to make a pitstop as well. Marcus and one of his boys eventually made it out too. Lastly Dono was already there getting his swim on bright and early. PIC (http://sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-snc4/hs158.snc4/37215_125218350855492_100001019834956_129064_1419106_n.jpg) So the semi invasion began on a good note with this group. PIC (http://sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-snc4/hs138.snc4/37215_125218354188825_100001019834956_129065_3243651_n.jpg)Liquid has a great girl to guy ratio, and it also delivers class. The resident DJ Vice plays some sic beats. He also mixes in some house along with top 40 to keep the crowd crazy.  The only low light of the day were some euros in speedos prancing around stealing the girls from the daybed next to us. None of us were going to go through that much pain for 30 seconds of fun haha We will save our game for another day. Either ways everyone had a good time and stumbled our way out of Liquid. One girl even made the wheelchair highlight reel honors: PIC (http://sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-snc4/hs158.snc4/37215_125218370855490_100001019834956_129070_6354512_n.jpg)It is absolutely a perfect place to begin your weekend of pool party debauchery and I will make it a point to keep this as our JC stomping ground on Thursday. Mad props to Peter Kolizeras who hosts at Haze as well to make this whole thing happen!
3	went here on a Saturday, this place is pretty small, the atmosphere had more of chill mellow vibe, total opposite of Rehab, couldnt really get wasted and "rage" here when the dj kept playing music like hey soul sister by train, also no drinks in the pool and you cant be at least 10 inches close to the steps in the pool. laaame..we were in a cabana with landon donovan, too bad I didnt realize that until I saw that he was playing in the world cup :/ oh well...we left after we finished our drinks and went to beach club at encore, we had a great time there ;)
3	I fell in love with Liquid on my last two visits but my third was a bubble burster.  I was here last Sunday and it wasn't an insane party like the first two times.  It wasn't dead but it wasn't poppin' off either.  Since it was less busy, they offered us daybeds at $50 food/bar tab minimum and included my man's cover charge.  Waitress was really sweet and service was attentive.  Resident DJ was pretty good.Ordered:-pitcher of mojitos, $60-hot wings, $16-coconut shrimp, $19-Jack & Coke, $15-Corona, $9-Margaritas, $15Everything was pretty good.  And the bonus for guys is that the place was literally 95% women, since ladies get in free.  The ratio was like 6 girls to every 1 guy.
4	This Adult pool is a lot of fun!   We bought the $100 food and drink minimum for each chair.  By the end of the day we had spent over $300 in alcohol.  We were there last weekend and they had a great DJ on Saturday that kept the party going on all day.  This is an adult pool, but not a topless one.  Many of the adult pools in Vegas are topless pools but this one is not.  Ladies, keep your tops on!  I think it's quite possible that this pool draws a lot of beautiful ladies in because they aren't expected to take their tops off like many of the other adult pools in Vegas.  One major downfall for this pool is that you can't have your drinks in the pool.  However, the water stays alot cleaner since people are spilling their drinks in it.  All in all this pool makes for a great day.  If you're staying at the Aria hotel you ought to try it out.
3	Spent a couple of hours @ this place last Sunday. Pleasantly surprised by the place, It was smaller that most other pool lounges but the service was efficient, ambiance very upbeat, great DJ spinning a diverse array of music, super friendly staff, and the good was good. I had a club sandwich, some salad thing, some Bloody Ms...it was great, however, i didn't pay the cover to get in, so not sure of the rates, but there was no shortage of good looking people by 2pm, mingling around, i was definitely & pleasantly surprised at the ratio!
4	I came during the week so it was pretty laid-back.  Got a pool-side daybed for a $375 spend minimum.  It's a small pool, but it was very clean and service was very good.  I actually enjoyed the food and drinks here better than Encore Beach Club.  The Mahi Mahi tacos, beer battered onion rings, and coconut shrimp were amazing.  They have great prices on bottles of champagne-$385 for 2 bottles of Moet Ice where Encore was $495 for one.  It's a good pool for when you need a chill day.
5	Favorite pool party. Not uber-trashy like some others (cough Wet Republic cough) and not ridiculous packed like some others (cough Rehab cough) -- this smallish pool and lounge area is the perfect mix of cozy day beds, a shallow pool, great DJ (who takes requests! yay!) and really phenomenal service- everyone from bouncers to waiters to hosts just make you feel like you VIP from the moment you walk in .... can't complain!
4	This place is awesome. The staff are really nice. The place is spacious and comfy with plenty of cushioned benches, chairs and pads to lay on. Hot cocktail waitresses, nice bartenders, and a live DJ as well. The pool isn't too steep at all, so there really isn't much swimming involved, just lounging. They serve food here as well, and I tried a couple of items. The salad was alright, and the grilled chicken was cooked perfectly. It was tender with just the right mesh of ingredients. My friends told me that the burger was delicious! Overall, a great spot to hang out if you're at Aria.
5	Liquid is one of the lesser known pool parties in Vegas. Located at Aria, Liquid's best day is Thursday due to their drink specials..... $5 Patron and $3 Corona!  This is quite dangerous as the drinks kept flowing and was pretty thoroughly trashed by 4pm on a Thursday!I do not know how much was cover cause like before, JC has got it hooked up! We got a comped daybed thru Peter Kolizeras which eventually turned into 2 daybeds since no one showed up at the one next to ours!  Perfect start to the weekend! Cheap Drinks, Hot girls everywhere! :D
4	Checked this place out recently and it's pretty nice considering the size.  It gets crowded but only if you decide to get away from your table. Plus it is a new hotel/casino therefore everything is nice and clean here. The crowd is just ok but hey you gotta make the most of it!
4	i'm actually sad that this pool has so little visitors. but its really nice here but a little on the small side. the servers who work here are really nice and not pushy at all for you to get drinks. for $15 some of us girls got different drinks such as mango pina colda, pina colada, mango daiquiris and they were all well blended and good. we even had a hook up from kevin "ice man" for reservations for dinner and for 20% off too. its good to be a girl in vegas. it was also a nice touch that when we were in the pool, they came over to bring us glasses to put our cameras in just in case we spilled water or drinks on it. and another plus was coming over to help us fold our clothes and create more room on the couches we were on. definitely good customer service!
4	10/7/2010I LOVE VEGAS!  Ok now that i got that out of the way, this was my 1st time attending a vegas pool party. Thursdays seem to be exactly what I need on a Thursday after traveling 5+hrs to vegas.  Not too crowded, good blend of music (reggae, hip-hop, house), great drink specials 3$ Patrone...WHAT! and of course some nice eye candy.Pool was kinda small but I wasn't planning on swimming laps anyway...I will be back
3	My friends and I had a cabana at the main Aria pool but were offered entrance into Liquid with free vodka drinks until 3PM and a daybed next to celebrity who shall remain nameless.  We got into Liquid around noon and it was pretty slow.  Since there were in and out privileges we went to and from our main cabana and here... with the free vodka... why not? The place seemed to start getting busy around 2PM, but the place was never super crowded... which was much to my liking. The free entrance was a bit weird.  We were given wristbands for the free drinks, but when we got to the door they said without the "card" to get in, we'd have to pay $20 each.  Since one of the promoters were there, he gave us cards and they made it seem like a big deal that we got cards saying "okay... now that you have cards you can come in, but normally it's $20."  So the "cards" to get us in were literally in our hands for less than a second... my girlfriends and I just thought it wasn't necessary.  I mean... they already gave us the wristbands and told us to head over for free drinks and they give us a hard time to get in, yet they give us a daybed for free... it just wasn't consistent.  Aside from that little randomness at the front, the place is nice, clean and not too crowded.  The group there was definitely more of a party crowd than the main Aria pool so it was nice to go from one scene to another.
3	Attended an after party for BlogWorld here and had a blast. Tons of giveaways (scored myself a Kodak zi8) and free drinks. It was awesome! And the DJ (Greg Lopez) was the best I've heard out of all the Vegas trips in my lifetime. This would be an ideal place to hit up if you're not into the bigger pool parties (i.e., Wet Republic, Rehab, Tao Beach, just to name a few). Still, like any other place in Vegas, it's likely to draw a crowd.  And if you're seeking to secure a spot inside the pool, good luck with that. It's pretty dinky compared to the ones I've seen at other hotels.
4	This is a very chill day club... and I can appreciate that, for the days I don't feel like going hardcore (see Encore Beach or Wet Republic). The time i came here, was to warm up for my Vegas trip, so start with something light. Aria's Liquid was a good choice for that, since we were staying here. My group walked right in and instantly was offered a complimentary daybed, so thank you! Had a good time mingling with peeps and chillaxing!
4	We just missed Jamie Foxx! Booooo =(My friend's friend works for Liquid and told us about the free champagne until 3p. Beam me up Scotty! We had just 2 1/2 glasses each. The bartender was uber chill and had PERFECT teeth. There weren't very many people there since it was still early, but the crowd was very pretty to look at. Seriously, eye candy for all the boys and girls.Liquid is pretty chill actually. They had OK music playing, didn't see a DJ but the music was pretty loud thanks to the speakers strategically placed everywhere. If you don't plan on sitting anywhere then you are all set. Majority of the seating areas are reserved, so we just sat at the bar.Overall, it's a nice and chill. I'd go back.
5	If you want a Vegas pool with a cool vibe, beautiful people, great menu, and sick music, go to Liquid
4	Was here twice.  Once last year and again just last week.  I have to say the first time around last year was a lot more memorable.  I love the vibe here.  It is a smaller pool party scene.  Nothing like Encore Beach Club, Wet Republic, Ditch Friday's @ the Palms, or Rehab- this place is much smaller.  The vibe is pretty chill and chic last year.  Lots of beautiful people soaking up the sun and everyone just having a good time.  Very intimate feeling.  I like the craziness of lots of people but sometimes you just want to chill and be surrounded by beautiful people.Last week was not so chic.  It was a Hotel guest crowd.  Old and overweight people soaking the sun dancing to house music. Odd and weird and kind of killed the sexiness of what this pool party could be but oh well.   Can't really hate it since it was the opening week for pool parties in Vegas and I am sure all the pretty peeps have not arrived in Vegas yet.  I am sure the crowd will get better.  Encore Beach Club was the same that week too.Overall, I can't be hating because summer has not offically started.  Can't wait to go back to Vegas and hit up the pool scene in July!
4	Went to Liquid for my brother's bachelor party and had a great time. We reserved a day bed for Saturday afternoon which is worth it if you have more than 6 people in your group. There is a food and beverage min of $1000 for 6 people and an additional $100 per person for more. I believe the cabana is $2500. Basically it means that you have to buy at least $1000 worth of food and drink for the day but beware, it goes fast. Our bill for 9 guys was $650 in the first hour. We eventually slowed down on the orders and hit the $1300 ($1700 after tax and tip which are added automatically) after 4 hours of being there. We were all full and trashed when we left. The pitchers of mojitos and margaritas were $60, the bucket of beers were $55 and the bottles are all $400. Its like a 400% mark up but its better if you don't think about it. The best part about the day bed is that you don't have to pay to get in, which is big for guys. Here is the only catch, which we actually learned on the way out...even if you make a reservation, you are NOT guaranteed a spot. If you are a group of guys, it is a HIGH likelihood you will get bumped out of your reservation. I booked my bed though VIP services and we all got there at 11am so they had no excuses but my host got yelled at by his boss as we left for "letting a bunch of dudes in". He was a real dick to us as we left and the reason for not getting 5 stars. I tried to go back in real quick to grab my friend who was lagging behind and he almost had security remove me from the building. The funny thing is, if you get a wrist band before you leave you can come in and out. Not really sure why he gave us such a hard time, since we had already paid and were on the way out. The waitress was awesome. She was super hot and despite it being a madhouse in there, she was very attentive and quick with our drinks. The music was great, the drinks were very good (strong), and the food is beyond AMAZING. We ordered burgers, quesadillas and coconut shrimp, unbelievable! I ususally hate clubs but this was so much fun. Despite the douchey manager, it really was a perfect afternoon. I highly recommend Liquid.
4	I LOVE CHAMPAGNE FIRE DRILLS! Champagne fire drills are the best fire drills I've ever experienced!! The drill goes something like this:1. Hot girls in skimpy bikinis surround the edge of the pool2. They blow their whistles and scream CHAMPAGNE FIRE DRILL3. They shake up bottles and make it rain champagne4. You trot over to the hot girls, open your mouth wide, and they pour champagne down your throat5. Rinse and repeat every few hoursGirls, get on the guest list and you won't have too much trouble getting in free. Also, girls, free champagne until 2pm! Everyone else:Small pool, great music, cool scene!
4	So it was the Friday morning of the AOD Invasion, and I was faced with the decision of either relaxing at the luxurious Encore adult pool or party my ass off at Liquid. Memories of girls getting carted off in wheelchairs still reminded me that it takes a bit of endurance and party swagger to get through a day at this place. I checked with Team Encore, and they wanted to.. PARTAI. So I had no option but to tough it out. I texted Hali that we are coming down and she said no probs. We walked through the corridors of Aria and through the hotel pool and found ourselves at this massive line that ran around the concrete wall. The last time I came here on a Thursday there was actually no line, so my first thought is that 2011 Liquid is more popping then ever. Boy was I ever right! I got up to the front and waved Hali down.  She quickly had security put aside the ropes. She asked me how many and also how does the daybed next to the DJ booth sound? We all thought that was a great location. Also our JC member/Mood director of Liquid Pearce Cleaveland will be working there the whole day to cater to all our partying needs. We got in and got settled, and our daybed had a great view of all the mayhem that was going on in the pool.  Without having a chance to even put my sunscreen on, Pearce came by with a round of shots for our entire group. Some of the girls couldn't finish the shot so I had to handle it for them.  I got a chance to roam around and hang out with the AOD members, and everyone was having a good time.  Pearce kept giving shoutouts to the AOD crew at the pool and random strangers saw my AOD dogtag and would come up to me and ask what it stood for. "Bro is this YOUR party?" "Yes this is our party, and we are taking over."I don't think I ever got a chance to make it to my daybed without stumbling around this place. Pearce stopped me to do a shot (could've been 5 shots, it was a solid pour from a bottle). People were snapping pics. "What the first pic didnt go through?" "Do it again!" "Shit" So I had do this shot twice: http://a5.sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-snc6/247987_202342743143052_100001019834956_520740_3390033_n.jpgAll in all it was a great day. If we needed an umbrella at our daybed, Pearce made it happen. If we needed more alcohol Pearce made it happen. If we needed someone to get already clinically insane people to get more crazy, Pearce made it happen by giving shoutouts over the mic to all the AOD members. I knew it was 5pm when I saw members passed out at random places and getting escorted out. People were dancing then falling over chairs and I had to pick them up. I started drinking water so I can save myself and not be a causality in the evening. The party doesn't stop at the pool for an AOD member, but I can't say Liquid didn't do a number on me. Shoutout to- Hali Tendler host at Liquid for making this location happen: http://a4.sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-snc6/255024_202006046510055_100001019834956_518394_4043552_n.jpgAlso Pearce Cleaveland for keeping the party going. I now know what a mood director does.
1	One of the worst experiences of my life. My wife and I were treated like second class citizens. As a guest of the Aria hotel, I expect a little civility when asking a question of a member of the staff. Four bouncers were standing around and when I tried to ask what time the pool opens, is there a charge, is there a waiting list and then I was ignored, and the people behind me were ushered in. It is very simple if someone asks a question answer it. All other experiences I have had at this hotel have been wonderful, the rooms, casino, and food service have all exceeded my expectation. The Liquid Pool Lounge is owned by the Light group who I assume pay a concession to the Aria Hotel (MGM International) in order maintain this facility. Aria, the Liquid Pool Lounge is dimming your stars.As a professor of Hospitality Management in Florida, I will be using this as an example of what not to do.Nathan
4	we got a late start to the day, so we got here after noon.  In the future I would suggest you get there earlier to enjoy the FULL spectrum that Liquid has to offer.  Thanks to a hook up from a host me and my friend didn't have to pay to get in, and the people ahead of us in line had just gotten turned away.  The DJ was good, people were actually in the pool, the pomritas were AWESOME, the food was ok.  PS - they make ladies keep the tatas covered, so I can't give it 5 stars.  Also, they have bag check so you don't have to stash your bag by the speakers.
4	I won't go into detail, but let's just say I talked my way into a packed Boys Noize pool party for 4 friends & I without ever being on a guest list! I highly recommend getting on a list because you can't pull this stuff everyday & the girls behind us got turned away.  Not only did we get in despite arriving pretty late in the afternoon, but we got in for free & got to see an amazing DJ do his thing!Drinks here are expensive  BUT luckily we made friends with the boys w/ bottle service so the good times kept on rolling.This pool is not too big, so unless you get here super early or reserve cabanas, you probably will not have a place to sit. However, there is plenty of fun party people in the pool tossing beach balls and enjoying each other's company. You can check your things in upon arrival (complimentary) so you don't have to worry about leaving your purse or wallet unattended & can go have a blast.I would recommend this party for the younger crowd 20-30's. It is loud & fun & not for people looking to lay back and relax! Good place to go if you want to be social and dance!
1	Well it started off great..., but don't expect to leave and get back in easily. As with any other club in Vegas the bouncers take their jobs VERY SERIOUSLY ! my husband and I spent about $350 for our 2 lounge chairs - drinks and food. We were very tame and well behaved I thought. However my husband wanted to take a dip in the pool outside of liquid and upon reentry to liquid stepped over the rope to come back in. Apparently a huge no-no as the bouncers all got worked up because my husband was not bowing down to them and begging to be let in again even though I was inside with a $350 tab going. That was a big dis for both of us. Being kicked out based on a bouncers feelings? We make a ton of money and like to spend it but never again at liquid. We feel we were treated like crap! Because of that we will no longer spend our $$ at any light group clubs, sorry!
1	Huge disappointment. 7 girls and I came here last weekend, getting onto a guest list and showing up early (free champagne for the ladies from 11-1). We then tried to sit down on one of the day beds, but were kicked off, as it had over a 1,000 food and beverage minimum. Even the lounge chairs were $150 each. "So where can we actually sit down or put our things?" "Ummmm.... in the pool is just about it," the bouncer told us. The place wasn't even 1/3 full. We went to the bar to put our purses down, and started enjoying the champagne. The DJ was absolutely horrible, and no one was dancing. This seemed like one of the places just to "be seen," loaded with fake boobs, fake tans, dude-bros, and the kind of people we escaped LA to avoid, just there to be noticed. We bounced after 30 minutes and went to Ditch Friday at Palms, where there was a much better time to be had!
4	I love Liquid Lounge at Aria - it's much smaller than any of the other pool parties but that's what I love about it!It's a much more intimate setting and the service at the daybeds and cabanas are the best I've had in Vegas. The food served at the pool is top notch.If you want a debaucherous party, this may not be your cup of Jaeger. If you are looking for something a little more upscale where only 500 people are going to see you topless, this is the place to go.Fun!
4	Wow....
3	This pool party/lounge is a bit small compared to the others in Vegas that I've been to.  However, not bad to just chill and relax.  Love their pineapple mojito!!Lost my phone at the bag check and the security guard picked up my call after a few hours the place was closed and returned it to us!  Thanks Calvin!!
2	Being cute will not get you any perks at this place! People at the front door are really rude, and the pool is much too small. It only gets 2 stars because the drinks in sippy cups are delicious. I had a comped day bed, which I was very grateful for, but I showed up late to my reservation due to trying to locate some loved ones who are deployed after hearing about the recent accident in Afghanistan. I completely understood not getting the free day bed and expected to pay since I showed up so late, but the promoter who was "hooking me up" yelled at me like he was my father. When I tried to explain what happened, he said "Your story has no bearing on my decision." Power trip, especially because I was with 14 of my girl friends, and all of us were extremely polite. We were about to pay for a day bed, but after walking in to check out the place, decided it was way too crowded and sweaty. There was literally no room to move in the pool. Instead, we hung out at the regular Aria pool and had a blast. If you're looking to go to a Pool Party, I'd recommend Encore Beach instead! That one was awesome. Liquid, step up your game.
2	Don't waste your time going to Liquid, just hang out at the ARIA pool.  The bartenders at Liquid were really slow and rude. Also, the pool was really small. I recommend Wet Republic instead.
1	i wanted to catch some sun so i went downstairs with my friend to check out the pools.. walk past a couple pools to the other side and there's a short line already.. guestlist even for aria hotel guests? we got there about 11 and the line took forever.. there were only about 10 people ahead of us too.. daybeds were going to $100 when we first fell in line.. i went to the bathroom and when i got back they raised the price to $150.. if there was a good dj i knew spinning then we would've put down the money for one.. good thing we didn't bc when we got inside about 30min later, the pool lounge was empty! why? bc everyone that was in line ahead of us left soon after entering.. the pool was tiny and dj was just ok.. the only thing good about this place was that there was free champagne for ladies from 11-1.. i def took advantage of this and passed mine along to my friend before waiting a few min for refills..after a few trips to the bar i got another glass of champ and we were allowed to pour it into a plastic cup (classy, i know) before leaving the lounge.. total time spent at liquid- no more than 30 min.. we just went to the reg aria pools and that was good enough for me..i made a few trips back for the free champagne and didn't have to wait in line bc i still had my stamp..i would only come back if i was staying at aria, the free champagne, and if a dj i knew was going to be there..
1	Came here twice. The first time I came, we were informed that despite the ad saying local girls were free, there was a charge. We opted to leave and come back the next week. This time we got in free but the staff inside were extremely rude and unprofessional. We were asked to move from our spot on the ledge about 20 minutes after settling in (and watching the employees stand around doing nothing). Basically we felt like we weren't welcome. We took our business elsewhere. I took a lot of pictures which kind of shows you how long we'd been sitting there before we were asked to move... The pool is gorgeous and we'll try again when we're feeling less insulted.
4	I recommend reserving and getting a day bed here if a couple or few people.You'll have places to put your stuff while you get in the pool, with a very shortened wait, and it's just nice to have a space to layout and relax away from the throng of people.   Get there early 11am for the best daybed spot you like.  Your bar minimum will not be cheap, just keep that in mind - but if you're spending 5 hours there, it's worth it.Captain Morgan girls nearby gave us free drinks and shots all day long.  That was a nice touch - don't expect that though.Pool is small compared to something like Wet Republic - so if you want a more crazy, party wild scene, go to Wet instead.  This would be more chill, but certainly busy once 1pm rolls around.I thought the service was excellent (ice always replaced to keep the beers cool).  Thanks guys for a great time.
2	Liquid is not for everyone.  If you're not interested in the hoards of people that party together at Rehab on Sundays, and you prefer to relax in a more quiet setting with less people, then Liquid is just right for you.  Not much goes on at Liquid and the drinks are very expensive.  It was $8 just for a bottle of water.Also, the staff here is kind of rude and so I don't recommend wasting your time here.  The Aria pool is just as nice and much bigger.
1	EXPENSSIVE FOR NOTHING! You have to realy wanna blow some $$ to be seet that you blow some $$$.Men $20 Women $10 to get in. To "rent" a seat MINIMUM in food and drinks $100/chair!
1	Wed. Slow. Big goons at the door wanted to hassle me over my purse & the SEALED travel packs of ALEVE I had. I'm not paying over-priced cover & drinks to listen to a crappy dj if they're going to be so ridiculous@ the door. Get over yourself.... The Aria pools were just as nice & not pretentious.
2	This is a wanna be "Wet Republic".This place doesnt compare to wet republic at all because it is entirely too small!I know people who have backyards that are bigger than this place!We got in for free and only stayed for about 10mins so I dont know how much it costs to get in. There was limited seating and the drinks weren't strong. The DJ was also wack!We had a better time hanging out in the regular hotel pool.
4	This place is great for the 30+ crowd. If you do not like a completely wild scene but appreciate an awesome DJ Lineup. . . this is the place! The pool can get a bit crowded and quite costly for the cabana but if you take a seat at the tables for sit down and order up some food that is totally the way to go! We ordered the mini tacos which were the bomb.
1	I am just now getting around to writing this review almost a year later but the experience I had at this place still sticks out in my mind.  Came here with a group of girls on a weekday.  We were told it was a big pool party so we got there at 11 am when it opened and waited in line.   We had to wait about 30 minutes while they let in a couple people at a time.  We were expecting it to be super crowded since they were only letting a few in at at a time.  It was super hot (which is fine since it was Las Vegas in June) but the guy at the door kept giving us the run around about why we couldn't just go in.   We finally got in and there was absolutely NO ONE in there.   Every bed was completely empty except for two and only a few people were in the lounge chairs and a couple at the bar.    Now we had never been in one of these places so we didn't know we had to pay for a bed.   It was $1000 dollars for the bed which was crazy because there wasn't anyone there.    We did put our stuff down on the bed and were ignored for about 20 minutes until the "pool director" came over and informed us of the price.   My friend negotiated with her and since it was so slow we could have the bed but we would have to buy drinks.  My friend put an order in for 3 $25 dollar drinks and a bucket of 6 waters ($50).   We sat for about 40 more minutes and the drinks never arrived however the ladies that came in after us got their stuff immediately.  We were super pissed so we just left but not without letting the waitress know how angry we were.  She played dumb and pretended like she was "so sorry" she forgot.   I don't think they wanted us in there to begin with.  We went out of Liquid and over to the regular Aria pool where we had a much better time.  It was very relaxed and the pool was nice.
5	This pool was a great time. My friend was unable to get into Wet Republic because he didn't have swim trunks, so we headed over to Liquid instead. We were handed free passes by a promoter on our way over to the pool. We arrived at about 1 pm on a Friday. It took about 5 minutes to get in to the pool. I liked that there was a free check in area for all of our belongings. The pool was on the small side, but they did play a good variety of music. They have a pretty good drink special that comes with a souvenir cup too. Overall, the crowd was friendly and ranged from early 20's to a few 40+. Highly recommended for a laid back, fun pool party.
3	Great people watching and a place to lay low and relax. Expensive drinks and the service was spotty where we were at. Maybe it was the location but we tried to get the waitress for about 30 minutes and 3 times the waitress we flagged down said she will get the waitress for our location, but she never came.Great pool and fun to people watch. But the high prices for drinks and spotty service got them -2 stars. Perhaps you'll have a better experience.
5	This is a great pool party!! The people who take care of you are Anthony and if you need great reservations call Marshall S. at 3166503182... Yes! I know the number by heart bc he is the truth!! I love Liquid :-)
5	They play hip hop! Another small intimate pool party! Good food, service and monitors!
5	My Vegas trip was last week and I had every intention of writing a Yelp review. And seeing these bad reviews especially, have reaally made me wanna put my two cents in! Wow, I'm shocked at the bad reviews but hey: me and my girl had a GREAT TIME! We bypassed the line because we were part of the Night Train tour group. And as we got there my friend and I shared the $100 chair. The price of the chair or daybed or cabana is NOT covered by Night Train. You're on your own for that. But yea it was awesome. My girl and i were treated like royalty! The girls were SUPER attentive and genuinely nice. Even our sandals received rock star treatment. A pool worker immaculately folded a towel and delicately placed our sandals on top. LOL We were so shocked-never experienced anything like that before! The pool was the perfect temperature, the music was banging and the crowd was great. WE'RE DEFINITELY GOING BACK!!!
4	Stopped by Aria during EDC weekend to aid my hangover from Marquee and WOW this place was rockin! We saw Cazzette performing and everyone seemed to be throughly enjoying themselves. They offered ok deals on drinks. $30 will get you a huge 32oz margarita in a souvenir cup which was  enough to keep me feeling good for another couple hours and they provided free bag checking. I haven't been to any other pool parties so I'm not sure how rowdy other crowds get but security was pretty on point at this venue (almost too much they stopped people from dancing in certain areas.) Definitely will be coming back although I really would like to try Encore Rehab or Wet Republic first.
4	I would have to completely disagree with Nicole B.'s review of Liquid.  Liquid is NOT a wannabe Wet Republic.  The two have very different objectives, and its very apparent.  Wet Republic is 100 times larger than Liquid and is more of that Rowdy, Crazy Party environment.  Liquid is much more relaxed and low-key.  As for the no seating comment, Uhhhh RESERVE A CABANA OR A DAYBED OR A CHAIR, DUH! They are actually quite reasonably priced.On a Saturday, the Lounge chair at Liquid is only $100 and it includes food and drink for up to $100.  The Daybeds were $300 and could comfortably fit 3 people.  What I love about reserving this is that they have little storage containers where you can put all of your belongings, as well as a bucket to keep your champagne, or beers or whatever you drink cool.  The food they serve here is pretty good as well, for poolside.If You are looking for a REHAB, TAO BEACH, or WET REPUBLIC type of atmosphere, this is NOT the place for you!!!  LIQUID is much smaller, but still has a great DJ and relaxed vibe, but still very fun! I will most certainly return and reserve a Daybed because it is WORTH it!  The only negative is that the hours vary and sometimes they close early so make sure you check the hours before coming here.
4	For what it is, Liquid really excels. The problem this "exclusive" pool faces is that there are so many others in Las Vegas to compare it to, and thus people wind up making poor comparisons to things which aren't really alike. If you're planning to come to Liquid because you think it might be similar to the atmosphere at TAO Beach, Encore, Wet Republic, or other similar mega pool parties, then save yourself the money and the subsequent public whining, and just go to those places. I wouldn't quite call this space intimate, because there are still a couple hundred people here on a busy day, but it's definitely smaller in scale and goes for a more luxury appeal (appropriately situated at the high class Aria resort).The main Aria pool complex is pretty huge, so it's no wonder that more people don't try to get into Liquid, but it also explains why the promo ladies are constantly out patrolling with more free passes to get people in. Despite what some of the other reviews might say about "being cute getting you nowhere" here, I saw several ladies getting in for free. We personally got in free along with quite a lot of additional stuff thanks to a friend of ours who works for the company, but I would have rated Liquid the same without all the complimentary stuff.For the particular day I visited Liquid was exactly what I needed, a smaller spot to hang out with my friends on our day bed (which has a nice storage compartment for your belongings as well as multiple ice buckets for champagne, liquor bottles, mixers, and bottled water), listen to some pretty good DJ tunes, quickly add to the lingering buzz from the night before (with extra help from the super expedient service staff), and get a lot of bonus eye candy from the podium dancers. There are several points during the day where the DJ encourages everyone to splash the hell out of the pool though, so just be warned you might get your precious hair wet.While our immediate waitress and pool boy (or whatever these guys are called) were superb in their execution, the door staff did leave most of us with a bitter memory of Liquid. They are completely unnecessarily dickish here and definitely do not offer an inviting atmosphere. At one point Vidal left to get money from the ATM and come right back to tip the employees, only to get flack from one of the bouncers who quizzed him repeatedly before finally allowing him to return. I had the same thing happen to me when I went upstairs to the room to get my sunglasses and returned without my ID (which was poolside). My arm was clearly stamped for re-entry, but he felt the need to give me the cold stare down and accompanying inquiries... sorry mate, I don't budge for anyone, let alone Pool Patrol.
2	For an "Exclusive" pool, this one sucks. They charge $200 for a lounge chair, and 90% of the staff takes their job WAY too seriously. By that I mean that they are very rude for no reason and they acted like they were working for the CIA, no smiles at all!  I forgot my license in my hotel room (my fault) and while I stepped aside to look for it  before I realized it wasn't in my bag, the short guy working the entrance said "You're not getting in here without a license honey!" "HONEY!" I said. I never tried to get in without ID first off, and secondly, I'm not your honey, so don't speak to me like that again! Normally I'm really nice and easy-going, never quick to embarrass others or myself by starting a confrontation, but the way he said that to me felt like he was trying to belittle me and I had to cut that off really quick-like :)Two of my friends went in and one came back to the other, nicer pool with me while my husband (the guy who has the right to call me honey) ran upstairs to get my license. My friends came back to the nicer pool and explained to me that other than the fact that they have good music, there really isn't a reason to go to liquid.My husband brought my ID back to me so the girls and I could go listen to some music and try to have a decent time while they went gambling. I figured I'm not going to make a big deal out of the incident earlier, and maybe that guy didn't mean to be rude, so whatevs, we would try out Liquid.  We got in for free, and the drinks were OK. The music was pretty good. A good mix of top 40 and not too much house. The people were really nice, no one was acting drunk or out of control and everyone was getting along and hanging out, so that was really cool. We met a lot of cool people!THEN, as we were getting out of the pool walking back to our area, some lady  with blonde hair in two braids walks up to my friend (who was just walking back to the other side of the pool) and she purposely bumps into her and says "I'm a security guard here, MOVE!!!!!!"  WOW.....    Yes, I did say something and the lady just turned around and stared at me like I was supposed to be intimidated. That was crazy, seeing as how we were all totally sober, we weren't causing any problems and were just walking. I could see if we were acting crazy and the lady just broke up a fight, but no, everything was totally chill and she must have been in a really bad mood. Like I said, you're not a security guard for the president so calm down.Anyways here are my personal scores,music  BPrice of the drinks C (everywhere is expensive, so be prepared and don't get mad)ambiance C- (not as nice as other places I've been but not ugly)Service DCustomers B (everyone was pretty cool and not stuck-up)The whole vibe  C If you could find somewhere else that is prettier and has better staff and good music, go to the other place (even if it costs a little bit more)!
4	You know what, Liquid is alright with me!! They were handing out free passes at the entrance, and if you "liked" it on Facebook, women got a free drink.  Unfortunately, the signal was pretty bad, so I couldn't connect to Facebook, but that was okay.When we arrived, the music was not working! Oh no!!  The host said that there was a power outage, but it should be back on soon.  We were contemplating leaving, but we were able to negotiate a good deal on a daybed (just $250 F&B minimum for our group of 6), so we decided to stay.  Sure enough, the music came back on in about 15 minutes. Yay!!This was definitely my speed, as far as pool parties go. Nice atmosphere, not too big, not overcrowded, but still a fun crowd. The dj was decent, and the staff threw a bunch of beach balls into the pool, so a lot of people were throwing those around. You just had to be careful not to get hit in the head!Drinks were pretty pricey, with their "specialty" cocktails being $15 each. You could, however, buy 32 oz drinks in a Liquid sports cup (that you keep) for $30.  One note- the Watermelon cocktail is VERY sweet. I like sweet drinks, but this was even too much for me.Service was friendly, and we had no issues with any of the staff. For a more relaxed, but still entertaining vibe, I will definitely return!
4	I can't compare this to any other exclusive pool scene as this has been the only one my wife and I have been to. We had just planned on going to the regular pools at Aria when we spied this place and became curious. There was a podium we passed that had guys handing out VIP passes to young ladies walking by. When my wife and I stopped, they did their best to ignore us...it was actually quite comical....let's ignore the paying guests! LOL That's a strange business model. Finally one of the gents asked my wife if he could help her....she asked about the club and fees. He said she could definitely get in for free but that I would normally need to pay. But then he said it was fairly slow, so he gave me a pass as well. We didn't have our ID's so I ran back to the room to get ours. The club staff were actually fairly pleasant and helpful. We shared one lounge chair given the $100 minimum. It was after 3pm so we weren't going to splurge for two lounges. After 4pm, one of the staff came over and said we could take another adjacent lounge for free. The majority of the customers were 20-30 year olds and we're quite friendly and very amusing to watch. My wife and I likened the final bill to being the same as a show bill......except the customers were the show! We had two pitchers of margaritas and two bottled waters. The grand total was somewhere around $170.00 with the tip. The venue was cigar friendly, so I was quite content in sitting back, smoking my stogies, sipping on a margarita and watching the madness unfold. Actually, a couple of people came by and remarked how good my cigars smelled and wanted to know where I had gotten them. The staff seemed to be having as much fun as the crowd. One of the waitresses was thrown in the pool by a few of her coworkers. The music was bass pounding hip-hop....not exactly our thing but it was a great soundtrack for the spectacle. Overall we had a good time. The staff was very attentive....coming by to refill your glass, empty your ash tray and make sure you didn't need anything else. The club closes at 6pm and when we left we could very clearly see the lack of any vibe at the basic pools. They were nice...but very laid back. So, it's all in what you are looking for. The people watching value in Liquid was pretty priceless!
3	Cool area but way over priced but that Vegas. Hot bottle girls and the food is great. Wish it was a bit bigger
4	The girl friends and I came out of Haze nightclub and one of the female promoters outside hooked us up for some free champagne at Liquid the next day. She kept us posted by sending out text messages and brought us to VIP status, which enabled us to skip the long lines. Score! We also received free drink vouchers if you "liked" their Facebook page. The pool itself was small, yet you can still have a great time splashing around with your girls and enjoy the free drinks. Sometimes, I love being a girl. I love you, Vegas.
3	Idk wasn't that cool. Seemed way to small and damn the prices are stupid. Had a hot staff but I'm not sure if ill be back
3	Small, quaint. Not too many choices as far as seating. Bar is efficient, though
3	Decent pool for some relaxation. I like the way it's handled, the different areas and all.
4	What happens when you go to Vegas with a group of nurses? You splurge! Work hard--Play harder!!!We originally had free passes for the pool party. Once we got there the pool was so packed ( it's only medium size and it was freaking hot), we decided to buy ourselves a day bed, which had a compartment to place clothes/phones/etc. and huge umbrella. We also did bottle service and pitchers of cocktails (cucumber lemonade was the bomb!, even their pina colada was decent)Had so much fun playing voley ball in the pool. Played a mean match. Yes I can say, I once lived the baller life.
5	Memorial Day weekend pool party was insane!!! The pool area is huge with plenty of cabana space. The dj was on point and played a great mix if you like to dance. The bottle service for the cabana area is very on point. They even have built in fridges with Fiji water and an array of other beverages. Best day in Vegas was at this pool party!!!
5	This is how a pool party should be. Daybed mins are reasonable, beds can have 8 comfortably, service was excellent and pool was clean and DB free. We had a daybed and ordered food as well which was all good tasting and served hot....Definitely would come here over others like Tao Beach, or EBC. EBC= overrated IMO.
3	We enjoyed the free champagne until 1pm and then we peaced out to find something more our style. If you want a nice peaceful day poolside then this is not the place to go.  If you're looking to show off your bikini body, party, and spend lots of money then this might just be the place for you!
1	It is hard to believe this place is so popular. It is a big sweaty mass of men standing around in a dirty pool drinking severely over-priced drinks.  Cheesy & gross. Skip it.
1	Ridiculous place. We are in a penthouse suite at the Aria and have rented a cabana at the Aria pool. Somebody handed us "VIP passes" ( please don't be impressed because I'm not) for "Liquid" so we wandered over there. Some ridiculous tiny penis body builder wanna be bouncer demanded we show picture ID.  Memo to management-get rid of the ego-maniac idiot and let 53 year old guys into your god awful place.  I'll just go back to my cabana  and spend ridiculous money on beers!!!
4	Being a girl in Vegas definitely has its perks, one of them being freebies galore.  We (four girls) were let into Liquid free of charge, had free unlimited champagne until 1 p.m., and we were given a daybed.  I'm surprised we got the daybed because it was Saturday of Labor Day weekend.  However, there weren't a bunch of daybed rentals.  There was great music playing, the water was refreshing, and everyone was super friendly.  Naturally we made friends with guys who also had a daybed and were buying drinks, so that amped up the fun.  I went up to the room earlier than the others, but for one girl, it was her favorite part of the whole trip.  T.I. showed up for a little while too!Tip:  If you're a girl, don't get the VIP entry/champagne to Liquid as part of your package when you book at Aria.  We changed our reservation so we got entry instead of two buffets.  Entry was free anyway, as was the champagne.  Get the buffets.One negative: my friend came to the front of the line to get me and she got reprimanded for swearing, which is ridiculous considering everyone had to be 21+ to get in.
5	I had a daybed with a group of my friends. We had a fantastic time! The music was the best we had for the entire trip to Las Vegas. This was because this place didn't only play house like other Vegas spots. The guys at the door were nice. You can get comped admission just by being in the Lobby of Aria and talking to promoters who hand cards out.The only con is if you come in that way, you wont get to sit anywhere except the group. The place is all daybeds and cabanas and you have to do minimums to sit in one.Other that that, I could come to this spot each day of my trip.
1	Stay away!!!They took my credit card and loosed it, they requiring to have it taken when you order more then one drink, later i found out someone actually used it, i won't be surprise if its one of their employees, just worst shady bad experience i have ever had!You got that?? they taking your credit card, it required for getting drinks to you, but they have it somewhere unsecured. When I asked to get it back they didn't find it.When I started to get upset was worst experience ever, just shady answers, made me feel like I did something wrong ***they*** loosed my credit card.they don't care about their customers at all, we asked to speak to a supervisor, when he finally showed up he was so rude we regret we even bother.The biggest problem was they didn't let us go anywhere because we had open check of over $2000, but I wasn't able to pay it because they didn't find my card!!my friends had to figure the check out.Later I found someone charged my card, I bet one of their employees, so I had to contact the credit card company and deal with all this mess after Vegas trip.They don't belong to Aria Resort, when we complained about them to the Aria we been told they are independently owned.We spent there over $2000, it was 6 of us.accept that we had good time before all that happened, but its not worth it, go somewhere who appreciate your business, somewhere who will not try to steal your money .They just don't deserves anyone's business, i will never go back!
3	Liquid was very clean and modern. Small layout. $50 dollar minimum. $15 drinks. However, the pool boys know what customer service means. On hot days, get the frozen fruits $16, its frozen goodness!
4	Sometimes I bitch about being a woman but in Vegas it's wonderful being one! Oh how I miss my Canadian friends from Liquid.Can I just say that this place is strict! No outside food or drinks (even waters) they make you throw it all away.Tip is if you hide your crap away from the cameras on the side in a bush so you can retrieve it all later. They also do not allow piggy back rides in the water, don't we all piggy back ride in pools for fun?And this is an adult only pool? weird.  Squirt guns and the beach balls were fun to play with inside the pool. The pool is small I can imagine when it's crowded how packed that pool gets.Super friendly people lounging around and in the pool. The Go Go dancer are a plus, music was perfect, not to loud. The waitress was a snob, wouldn't bring me water I had to order it at the bar. Good Times indeed! RANDOM FACT: Liquid Pool has 8 grand private cabanas.
2	So my party and I went to Liquid on the first Tuesday they were open this season. First off the security at the Aria didn't even know the day club was open. The staff at Liquid seemed nice but there was a total of 8 guests excluding my party at the club. They have plenty of lounge areas amd cabanas for a busy day, but having to spend 65 dollars for a pitcher to reserve a lounge area around a unexpectedly small pool didn't exactly seem worth wild. Maybe on a weekend in peak season it would be a cool day club, but it just wasn't for us when we went so we left after 10 minutes.
3	I had fun here.  I really did.  But the staff is so annoying.We got yelled at three times in a row for having our belongings by the pool.  I understand that they don't want to have liability issues, but I need my sunscreen and I'm not going to be devastated if someone steals it.  Plus, how do you expect me to pay for my drinks if I'm expected to tip the (incredibly rude) bag- guy every time I have to get my money?  He actually said to us "You know, the expected tip is $10".  Umm...no.  And he wants that every time we have to get it?Basically, everyone here needs to chill out.On the other hand, I did have a great time and it's much more laid back than the other pools, but it still has a party vibe.  The pool is a small, but decent size in comparison to some of the others and everyone gets inside to splash and just have fun.
2	Ugh. I really can't with Las Vegas "beach clubs" and "mega clubs". It's just not my scene to pay hundreds of dollars to do something I should be able to do for free. Always feels like a ripoff. With that in mind, the Liquid beach club at the Aria hotel and casino was a huge disappointment. Like other yelpers have been saying it is a very small pool with very basic lounge and cabana areas. Last year I attended TOA Beach and it had infinitely better pools and lounge areas. My boyfriend and I got in for free because we were guests at the hotel (thank goodness we did not have to pay a cover for that snooze fest). Once arriving the pool had maybe 10 people in it awkwardly sitting on the edge of the pool. We found out that all of the lounge chairs cost $215 FREAKIN DOLLARS just to have a place to sit. Are you kidding me? The three pools outside of Liquid are bigger and I can plop my butt down in any of those chairs for free. The whole mentality of treating these beach clubs like night clubs is ludicrous.I was later talking to a guest who said that lots of people were interested in coming in and joining the "party" but once they found out how expensive the chairs were they left. It seems like a loose-loose for the Aria, no pool guests to create the party atmosphere and loss of money on cover charge and drinks. If I were to recommend a beach party it would be TOA on a weekend, being on the guest list, with a party full of women. Then you may have a good time at these "exclusive" clubs.
1	I am very disappointed in the way the staff treated me. I was a guest in the hotel and asked a staff member, Nicholas Fontana, for advice on places to go that night. He text me asking if I "take my panties off". Sexual harassment should be expected if u go here. Don't waist ur time at Liquid unless u want to be treated like a fucking prostitute. Go to the encore instead
1	I was there this past Saturday and I could not believe the service provided by the bartenders. With the only exception of Jon, he was the only bartender that didn't seem to give attitude and enjoyed working there. The two other bartenders made me wonder if they were portraying discrimination towards minorities. The blonde chick with the wanna be blue feathers or strips of blue dyed hair had an ugly attitude. I swear if it wasn't because Liquid was the last stop, I would of threw my drink back at her. She had the nerve to give me a drink that was already served and not wanted. Hmm.. How is that ordering the drink I wanted?! Learn to be nicer to everyone, learn how to make drinks and look for another job because obviously you look like you hated it there.
1	This place was so unorganized and such a pain in the ass to deal with. Nick who claims to be the manager was so rude to my bachelor party and wasn't helpful at all when I offered some suggestions. I will definitely not be back- nor will I suggest this place to anyone.
4	Hysterical good time!  My bestie and I were at the Aria with our Mom's for the weekend and decided to break away for some youthful good times.  This place is ON for people watching and meeting interesting people.  The things we saw and the people we met were movie-worthy.  I swear I wrote this review already but it must not have saved properly. Anyway, thank you to the doorman who let us in without a fee.  Yes, after a certain hour aka 3 pm it's $20 for GIRLS to get in.  Okay the place closes at 5 pm.  So for the last two hours they were going to squeeze another $40 out of us rather than enticing us to come in and spend $100+ on booze and water.  The $20 per girl almost lost them the $100+ that I ended up dropping at the bar BEFORE tipping well.  Bad business model if you ask me.  I digress.  We were able to sit at a table with a nice couple who's boys (21 and 25) were in the pool.  Well, I guess the boys had a disagreement of some sort while in the pool and one ended up with a paramedic and a cut.  Que controlled chaos.  Perfect for people watching, so sad for that family, sorry.  Next up is a really nice group of Canadian guys who were very entertaining and genuinely nice.  Had everyone at Liquid been as kind and considerate, it would have not been as fun to sit and watch and chat.  But they were a breath of fresh air. Because all around us were groups of extremely intoxicated girls and guys (many on the older side - not judging just making an observation) eyeing one another up and down and probably peeing in the pool.  It was hysterical!  Reality TV could make a series about day clubs in Vegas and I would watch, without abandon, I would marathon crush those shows. Check out Liquid.  We had a great time. The people are nice, staff great.  Maybe don't swim in the pool late in the day but over all it was great and I will go back.
2	They're very strict. I had my ibuprofen with me and wouldn't let me in. So I had to leave it outside. The crowd was boring. Very stiff. It's expensive. Mostly young, in shape, Caucasians. If you want to party and have fun go to The Sapphire Day Pool. I went here after liquid lounge and had a ball.
1	Worst security out of all the pools. Im in vegas monthly and will never go back. Venus and bare 500x better. Dont waste your money get a bed or cabana at bare and venus or even marquee.  Better use of money and loyalty
1	I already have a cabana booked for an upcoming date at the regular hotel pool at Aria. So I thought I'd see what was available at the Liquid Pool as well.Apparently, for Liquid, you can't book through concierge, you have to contact the Liquid host directly.I went to the Liquid web site, filled out the questionnaire and sent it in.  Within an hour I received the following e-mail reply from a Marc Kmetz at Liquid:        "Feel free to contact me at your leisure to discuss Liquid pricing/options."That's all that was written in that e-mail.There was no "Good morning, Mr. Mike G." nor "Thank you for considering Liquid as your vacation destination."Plus, I already contacted Liquid "at my leisure." It's their job to give me a call if they want me to spend my money there.This is starkly different from when I booked a cabana through the concierge. I spoke with him on the phone about pricing and availability, and I received an e-mail confirmation within minutes.Then I checked the Yelp reviews on Liquid. All I can say is, I'm glad I'm not taking the risk and spending my money in Liquid.And as for Mr. Kmetz . . . You, sir, should take some management, public service or public relations classes. What a turn-off your cold, unfriendly, and unprofessional e-mail response was.
1	My now husband and I have made quite a few Vegas trips together living in Newport Beach. He used to travel here all the time for work too so we can pretty much entertain ourselves anywhere. The Liquid Lounge may be the first place we left within 1 drink and 20 mins. Might as well be Kindergarten with the rules... Couldn't even have a towel or shoes with you if you didn't buy a bed. I mean seriously I felt like I was putting my things in a cubby and asking for permission to go to the bathroom in order to wear shoes! Apparently these are the CEO's rules so I guess we're never coming here again.
5	The pool is a little awkward at first.  There was an open champagne bar until 1pm which was VERY nice, but there was barely anyone there and the music wasn't loud. Then out of nowhere (it seemed) the music got louder and the pool was full of people!  It was so fun and beach balls were being thrown from everywhere.  There is a locker available if you don't have anywhere to put your things.  We were promised drink tickets that we never got but after the open champagne bar, we didn't miss them. Fun pool & fun crowd!
