5	so this is the new trendy spot in Scottsdale. Love the ambiance and small feel vibe. The patio is awesome...can't wait for fall to sit there. Had some great food and drinks. Spotty behind the bar was awesome. Will be revisiting soon.
5	Stopped in here about 2 1/2 - 3 weeks ago for a drink after going to EVO for dinner.  EVO recommended it.  Great little place.  Nice ambiance, fantastic drinks, and an interesting menu.  We already ate at EVO but ordered the yellowtail app at Virtu anyway.  Really fresh, very good.  Ordered a few different drinks.  Had the Seasonal Smash, which is a rye whiskey cocktail, and really enjoyed it.  Got to talking with Clint at the bar and he recommended a Martinez, off the menu, because I love strong old school martini's.  It's the martini before there was a martini.  What a great drink made by a real bartender that actually knows what he's doing.  We also ordered a drink that I think was on the menu called a Penicillin, excellent as well.  It's off the beaten path right by a little hotel of sorts, The Bespoke Inn.  Virtu is across the courtyard off of N. Marshall Way.  Really close to a lot of places we like.  Thought I would get this review in because we were supposed to go to dinner there a couple of weeks back but couldn't.  Booked dinner for tonight.  Of course, we are stopping by the bar beforehand.  I'll post the 2nd review after we grab dinner and drinks there.  Go check it out, it's a great place.
5	Wow. Went to dinner here last night for the first time since opening and I can honestly say it was magical. From the moment I walked in till I left, dish after dish, service, and atmosphere were top notch. I did not know that this was a newly opened restaurant.I walked in with my wife and immediately greeted by the Host named Rick who was very pleasant and sat us quickly with genuine care while carrying on a conversation. This was a sign of more great things to come is what I was thinking to myself. Chris our server was awesome. He immediately greeted us and made us feel incredibly welcomed and we knew we were in good hands. After suggesting a few cocktails and various wines he then moved onto the dinner menu and suggested some great dishes along with paring to our wine of choice. Once our order was placed, the Chef then came out to greet us. Chef Gio, the proprietor was warm and friendly offering his suggestions as well. He then made his way through the dining room making everyone feel like they were home. From the first dish, we were in heaven. I would write what we had from course to course, but I think that's what makes this restaurant so great and what will make this one of the best you'll ever try is the fact that it continues to change its menu daily. Anyway, from our first course through the main, it truly took us to a new heightened sense of taste ecstasy that I have not experienced here in the valley. Everything was cooked to perfection and the ingredients were of the freshest local and regional flavors that I have ever had in their combinations. Dessert at the end was just the perfect conclusion to a much deserved night out. The restaurant itself was quaint and tastefully done. It took both of us to a place of elegance yet a comfortable sense of being. Just perfect feel to it.I will be back and cannot wait to see what Chef Gio will concoct next. I am a believer in this culinary mirage in our fair city. Thanks to the team at Virtu'!
5	Went back for dinner as I said in my previous review.  Still loved it.  Fantastic food.  Clint made us a couple of cocktails at the bar, great as they were before.  Chris was our server and Geo is the chef.  They fly in scallops that are alive in the shell.  They taste completely different than typical scallops you would order at other restaurants.  Very fresh and flavorful with a nice presentation.  Actually had two of those.  The octopus app was outstanding.  Never had octopus that was that tender.  The papardelle and elk entrees were unbelievable as well.  Everything had a beautiful presentation but most importantly tasted great.  Can't remember the name of the dessert but it was basically vanilla ice cream in a coffee cup with espresso poured over the top.  Interesting, really liked it.  Had a couple of glasses of wine to boot.  It's a cool little place with a nice, yet casual, atmosphere.  It will definitely be incorporated into our rounds of typical places we frequent.  We will be back.
5	This is the new place to go for happy hour! The mixologist knows what he is doing and the chef is really creating some lovely food. The happy hour is pretty special-there's a number of small plates priced from $4-6.00 and several dollars off of some great cocktails and wine.We had the roasted peppers ( WOW) , the ricotta salata and the tortilla( Spanish style). The tempura white anchovies were fabulous.Later we stayed for dinner and had the octopus salad and arugula and berries salad. Each dish was prepared with the highest quality ingredients.We had a vegetarian in the group and they prepared a beautiful pasta for her since there's not a lot of vegetarian options for entrees.It's a small intimate place inside the Bespoke Inn-which I definitely want to check into-it looks very special.I'm looking forward to going back!
5	The food, staff, & attention to innovative food  creation make this a must return to venue.After eating at  5 allegedly "top " Scottsdale restaurants this week, Virtu  in comparison, makes the  5 "top" seem average.If Virtu keeps up their amazing creative effort- won't be able to get a table agin until next August!
3	No doubt about it, cocktails are the way to go at Virtu. The food, however, is overpriced and sometimes underwhelming.We arrived to a jam-packed restaurant Tuesday night. I was a bit surprised because it looked like there were plenty of open tables when I made reservations online a couple days prior. I could tell right away that they were in the weeds because of Restaurant Week so I prepared myself for a slower dining experience. We were fine waiting at the bar for our table. We love craft cocktails, and we loved checking out all the obscure liquors and house-made concoctions behind the bar. My husband got the Nuova Bellezza, a grape-based drink, and I got the Fountain of Youth. His drink was very good, and mine was outstanding! I swear, you could get any tequila hater to enjoy this cocktail made with Don Julio reposado and yellow bell pepper syrup. We also had the classic Sazerac and their Starter Kit which was refreshing and slightly bitter.My husband got the chef starters which was a crostini, blistered peppers and a croqueta. He didn't really like any of them and much preferred my salad. The salad with beets and goat cheese was nice, but the warm temperature indicated it probably sat at the window too long. I got the only vegetarian offering which was a modified (no pancetta) version of butternut squash ravioli. When my dish came to the table, I spotted the pancetta right away and sent it back. In the mean time, my husband got his thick pork chop but no silverware. I gave him my set while I waited, but he was still in need of a steak knife. My redone ravioli came out again fairly quickly, but I had to ask for another set silverware. I was very disappointed looking at the ravioli. The portion was minuscule! Four Chef Boyardee sized goat cheese ravioli with just a touch of brown butter and no butternut squash at all. The ravioli were very good, but thank god I don't have a huge appetite. Surprisingly, the star of my husband's dish wasn't the prosciutto wrapped pork but the phenomenal mushrooms on the side. The pork was moist but didn't have much flavor. My husband said he would have rather had just the mushrooms on top of a risotto. We finished off with the affogato and chocolate course for dessert. My husband wasn't a fan of the affogato, but I liked both of them. His chocolate mousse was light and fluffy, and there was a delightful, warm chocolate s'more-like pastry on the side.Our server was friendly, but she forgot about filling up our water glasses. I was also dismayed that the staff let the restroom run out of hand towels. Nothing like walking back to your table with wet hands.I could see us returning again for pre-dinner cocktails, but we'll be sticking with FnB nearby for our food.
5	Ate here for the 2nd time last night. The specials for AZ Restaurant Week were out of this world. Don't miss out on:- Cocktails. House made mixers and syrups. Talented bartenders.- Burrata. Outstanding. - Squash Ravioli with Goat Cheese. Dear baby Jesus I hope they add this to the menu permanently!!- Squash blossom appetizerThe place is off the charts cozy and the patio is lovely. Great wait staff and just all-around great place to enjoy a lovely meal.
5	We ate here for Restaurant Week and am so happy we selected Virtu!  Everything about the restaurant was great!  It's a small restaurant and the best part is the amazing patio seating.  If the weather permits you HAVE to sit outside!  We had the prosciutto wrapped pork chop & grilled flat iron.  Typically when we think of flat iron steak as a thin, flank steak but this was a thick, perfectly cooked steak.  The affogato for dessert was the best dessert I've ever had!  The food and ambiance were great but the best part of the meal was our server, George.  I'm not sure if we've ever had a server as great as he was.  I look forward to eating here again!
5	This was my top choice for Restaurant Week, and it turned out to be the right one. I came here for a girls night with reservations for 4. We were seated outside on the patio at the community table, which was surrounded by lanterns, strung lights, and trees, which made for a very relaxing ambiance. Our server George was very personable, and great at explaining how their drinks were handcrafted, as well as how the food was prepared. I started off with the Fountain of Youth cocktail, the description of tequila, bell pepper syrup and siracha bitters peaked my curiosity. I asked the server about it, as I was a little apprehensive that I wouldn't like it, he said it I didn't like it I could just send it back. Well since there was no risk involved, I decided to go for it, and was glad I did. It was fantastic, slightly sweet with a minute undertone of the rooster sauce. One of the best cocktails I've ever had.My friend and I decided to order different things from the prix fix menu and share so we could sample as much as possible. For the first course we ordered the Chef Starter which was a crostini with manchego, croquette, and roasted pepper, everything on the plate was enjoyable. We also ordered the salad with goat cheese, candied nuts, and beets, which was also fantastic. For our entrees we chose the flat iron steak which was cooked perfectly over a flavorful polenta, and the European seabass which had a sweet and savory sauce, both were amazing! Finally for dessert: chocolate mousse and marscapone ice cream. The chocolate mousse was very rich and fluffy and came with a chocolate truffle, and a fried donut, and the mascarpone ice cream was rich and delightful. The only downside to our meal was that everything was served at a very slow pace. I was kind of expecting it since they were so busy, and it was restaurant week. Our server checked in with us many times to let us know what was going on, but it would've have been nicer if they were better prepared for the volume of customers. I will still definitely return without the restaurant week price, as the food, drinks, and service were awesome.
4	Perfect place for date night on the patio.  Food was delicious especially the Barratta and the Lamb.   Our server, Emily, made it a particularly amazing experience.  Good food is ubiquitous but we find great service rare in Arizona.  I hope the owners recognize the value she brings to their venue.  We will definitely return and we will certainly request her section.
4	Good to see Gio's got his own place. Good cocktails w/ artisan spirits. Good burger on lunch menu. Small and you may need to get a reservation nowadays.
5	The food at Virtu is very good and the location is comfortable. The menu is short - about a half dozen starters and entrees, and 3 desserts. We tried the grilled octopus starter, the squid ink linguine with octopus and the smoked duck. All were excellent - not quite GREAT. The dessert and cocktail put us into the great category - with a grappa and grape cocktail on the front side, and a mascarpone ice cream with balsamic red figs to finish. Things developed slowly through the evening - any slower it would have been an issue. Our waitress was wonderful - the cherry on top of a wonderful and nearly great dinner. Highly recommended.
1	Made a reservation through Open Table and when my date and I arrived back in September the temp was 98 outside. Despite the fact there were open tables inside we were told that since we had not made our reservation directly with restaurant we would have to dine on patio. Major attitude in providing this news as if we were second class citizens. Contacted their website to register our complaint. Have been ignored for two months which is why I am posting this now.
4	Had the pleasure of eating at Virtu last Saturday night.  The food was beautifully presented and was delicious.    We were a group of 7 so we sat outside at the community table.  We each tried different dishes and everyone loved them-Duck, Scallops, Flat Iron Steak and Halibut.  We made room for desserts which were also great.  I'd recommend it!
5	This is one of the BEST restaurants in town!  The food is outstanding. I grew up in France and know a little bit about food...Italian chef and owner Gio Osso is truly talented and understands exactly how a gourmet experience is executed. Brought friends and family, always a success. Squid ink linguine to die for...
4	My husband and I visited Virtu for the first time last night. Short summation: Food = 5 stars, service = 5 stars, bartender = 1 star.I like to start on a positive note first, with the food, truly amazing. My husband ordered the scallops, cooked to perfection and an excellent flavor profile. I ordered the duck, succulent medallions of meat mixed with roasted brussel sprouts. A must have, the octopus appetizer.  If you enjoy octopus, this is a great dish to start, the meat cut into hearty portions and a light char that added to the flavor.  Our server was very experienced and our water glasses always refilled.  The only reason why I would hesitate to come back, the very rude female bartender that left a bad taste in my mouth all evening. I asked if she could make a drink that was not on the menu, but, I stated if she didn't know how to make it, I was perfectly okay ordering a drink off the cocktail list. Her response, 'well if you are going to request a drink off the menu, you really should know what the specs are, it is a common drink.'  She then proceeded to look up the drink recipe on her phone.  While I'm left thinking, 'isn't it your job to make drinks??'.  My husband summed it up best, 'that's like one of my patients coming into my office with a fractured wrist, and I tell him I can't help him unless he brings in his own set of X-rays'. We decide to laugh it off, everybody has an off night, right?  But as she sets my drink before me, she goes on further to say it took her five minutes to look it up, because their internet service is slow in the building, and she only filled up my drink half way, because she followed the specs on a recipe off the internet.  Unacceptable!  We are not to blame for your poor internet service. And, if you are only going to fill my drink half way, then shouldn't you charge me appropriately?  End of day, if you want good food, certainly this is a place to frequent. If you want an uncomfortable atmosphere, sit at the bar. Please train the female bartender on how to make drinks and proper behavior, and you will have a loyal following.
5	Really nice staff and super delicious food. Needed breakfast to go before they opened, didn't know and walked in, they took my order. Best toast and fruit! This isn't your mommas toast!! Well maybe your mommas but not mine... Wonder bread anyone? Def not! Someone tell me what they do to their raspberries because raspberries I buy never taste like that. Really appreciated the service and the coffee was freshly ground from an espresso machine. Menu looks killer. Will be back for dinner and a bottle of wine soon!!! Interior decor is clean, simple and elegant.
4	I made a dinner reservation but when we got there our table wasn't ready. That was weird. The food was very good and I enjoyed the presentation when our food was brought to us. The waiter took time to explain our dishes to us and made sure everything was satisfactory. The restaurant started getting busy so towards the end of our meal the service became neglected. Overall the evening was very enjoyable. I would like to go back again.
5	This is the best new restaurant that I've been to in 2014.  The decor, service and food are all excellent.I sat at the bar and really enjoyed talking with Dante the bartender.  He was very friendly and knowledgeable about the menu.  I had the grilled asparagus appetizer and it was delicious with egg, feta and bacon candy.My second dish was their signature grilled Spanish octopus.  This was presented beautifully and tasted wonderful.  The octopus was more tender than any I've ever eaten and seasoned perfectly.I can't wait to come back for another meal and try their desserts.
5	Food is beautifully prepared and wonderfully delicious.  Charming, intimate spot.
5	For some reason I'm in the neighborhood often and it took me this long to finally give it a try.   Some of the most well executed food I've had in a while.  Cocktails are refreshing and the food is well executed. It's a little bit of a cross between Lons at Hermosa with Crudo.   Adorable patio dining (not a huge place so not great for a work HH,) but romantic and a nice change of pace from the rest of the south Scottsdale scene.   Service is impeccable.  Attentive without being obtrusive.  A must try and a welcome entry into the food scene.
5	Had business brunch today. The Tortilla Espanola was just like Mom used to make. My guest had the sliced duck sandwich. Looked great (I'm sure it tasted just as good. Didn't think it was good idea to ask for a bite. Service was great. Must come back for dinner and try some great Spanish dishes. Kudos to Chef Gio and his staff. Much success going forward.
5	NOT a CHAIN RESTAURANT!!! Amazing Unique Food! Stellar Service!Fabulous Bar & Wine Service.Try the Grilled Asparagus with Candied Bacon! Delish! We also ordered the Grilled Octopus with Chick Peas and Lemon which has a unique layer of flavors and brightness.We tried the Squid Ink Pasta and Seared Scallops and couldnt believe the flavors that the charming and polite Chef Gio can incorporate into these marvelous dishes!Afterwards we tried every single dessert on the menu, courtesy of Chef Gio. (Not sure how we got so lucky that night!!)  I honestly couldnt choose a favorite because they were all so delicious! They were definitely worth the calories! The cremes and cakes and ice creams were probably the best I have ever tasted in any of my travels.Would I go back? In a heartbeat! This is hands down the best restaurant in the state!
3	I have been hearing a lot about this cozy spot, voted one of the "Best New Restaurants in America" by Esquire magazine.  That's a lot to live up to, and precisely why when a reputation precedes you - expectations tend to be higher.Virtu is located at the equally comfy Bespoke Inn, where each suite is unique and has a private patio ($249 for a night). Gourmet brunch at Virtu is included in the room rate.Seating at Virtu is limited inside and out - with one intimate table for two outside, two tables for four, and a large community. Heat lamps are ubiquitous so you can always sit outside.  It is quite tranquil with the bubbling fountain in the courtyard, and old gnarled trees strung with lights and lanterns.  Inside the mood is more upbeat, but lighting equally conducive for romance and intimacy. There are ten tables inside with bar seating. When we arrived at 6p on a Tuesday night, a few tables were occupied - we were the only people outside.***BEST THING TO KNOW ABOUT VIRTU: COME EARLY FOR DINNER, NO MATTER THE DAY OF THE WEEK. BY 6:30P IT STARTS TO GET BUSY. RESERVATIONS ARE IDEAL IF COMING AT A LATER TIME. ONCE THE RESTAURANT FILLS UP, EXPECT A LONGER WAIT FOR YOUR FOOD. Having arrived there before the rush, our appetizers came out quickly, but our one entree of house made spaghetti ordered, took nearly an hour.By 7:30 we were handed a dessert menu, but having been there an hour and a half - we were ready to head home.  Another ten min wait to get the check...Disclaimer:When you're pregnant and hungry you don't want to wait an hour for your food.  Pregnant and tired you don't want to sit there for twenty minutes twiddling your thumbs because your partner finished his cocktail long ago, and you already polished off your second mock tail....So, how was the food? Half dozen starters from Grilled Octopus (fennel, arugula, lemon chick pea, chile butter) to Grilled Asparagus (egg, feta, bacon candy, foie gras hollandaise, truffle oil).  Also Tartare Duo of Steak and Ahi Tuna, Winter Vegetable Salad, and Chef's Rillette.  Avg. price: $14We ordered the Asparagus and Octopus.Asparagus - Six small pieces of asparagus, couple tablespoons of feta, hollandaise that does not smack or reminisce of my beloved foie, nor any truffle oil -and an over abundance of candied bacon makes it unique, but a disappointment not worth $14, for someone who loves foie and truffle.  I would have brought this up to our server, but I had already sent back the Octopus.Octopus - tender but very charred and dry on outside, and almost cold.  Server stated it gets cold quickly, and explained effects of char grilling food (I know what char-grilling is, but come on). Long story short he offered to have the appetizer redone and it came back perfectly executed.  And yes, when it's done right I think it's probably the best dish on this menu and why everyone that has tried it, loves it so much.Of the entrees, there are 9 of them, and average price is $30 - starting with Prosciutto Wrapped Pork Rib Chops, Scallops, Seared Ahi Tuna, Smoked Duck Breast, Seared Branzino, Squid Ink Linguini, Nieman Ranch Ribeye, and Grilled Monkfish fillet.We tried the House made Spaghetti with Osso Bucco.  After having waited an hour for our Spaghetti, we were disappointed at the al dente style of the noodles.  Our server explained they were made with semolina flour, which are typically on the al dente side - but just not to our liking.  The sauce was great and the shredded veal   tender and flavorful - Although there was so much, and it was so rich, almost bordering on the greasy side.  It just seemed off on such a traditional dish.  It was more like having shredded pork with a side of chewy spaghetti.  When I order Osso Bucco, it's traditionally the shank with the bone in it.  So this was not what I expected, either.When it comes to food, I am all about texture, and despite loving inventive twists and even esoteric fare, I am a traditionalist when it comes to comfort foods like Spaghetti. So, food wise, there are too many wonderful options out there in the valley - but those that have commented on how amazing and clever the cocktails are, are right!  It is worth coming here for Happy Hour and going down the menu.  Although I merely took a small swish to sample on our visit, I could tell that the Bar Master here has a true knack for his craft.  The Nuova Bellezza $11, is a great example with Alexander Grappa, St. Germain, Cabernet Syrup, Lime Juice, and Red Grapes.  The online menu does not do the offerings justice, find a more thorough and extensive cocktail journey at the bar.So based on the other reviews, perhaps on our visit it was an off night.  Perhaps we had too many expectations, or just did not order dishes that were an accurate reflection of Chef Gio Osso's talent.  But with a Machiavellian name for achieving excellence, I feel Virtu should have lived up to its name.
3	I was excited to try Virtu and finally did with my cousins today for brunch.  Walking up, you can't miss the outside patio with a nice ambiance.  It was a beautiful day, so we sat outside - unfortunately it got warm fast, so we moved inside.  Started with a Enza | Prosecco and a Apple cocktail from the drink list - which was perfectly made.  We ordered the berry parfait to start and it was okay - but, it was enough to share.  I ordered the frittate di pasta and they were kind enough to make it vegetarian, it came with a cup of fruit.  My cousin ordered the classic crepe and when it arrived, it was HUGE.  My other cousin ordered the smoked duck and she loved it!  So why only 3 stars?  I didn't enjoy my dish and my cousin didn't enjoy the crepe.  The skillet was pipping HOT, the food never cooled down, it just continued to release steam with each bite.  It was too bland and wouldn't order it again.  I left hunger unfortunately.  The crepe had a ton of ham, so if you like pork, this dish is for you.  Maybe dinner offers a better selection.
2	I was not impressed with the restaurant or the staff.  The atmosphere, service, and food quality really does not demand the price they are charging.  Drinks are really overpriced as well.The runner got confused with our orders and yelled at me for confusing the waiter and "handing " the plate to the correct person at our table.  The Lamb was delicious.  That was the most noteable portion of the evening.
2	nO NO nO NO nOI bet you thought that read ho no oh no oh no huh? The mind is weird.This place has very poor service and charges a lot for food that is very much lacking. The service though is what really killed it. They gave us 1 server for 12 people! WTF?The Lambshank was pretty good though.That being said there is absolutely no reason to go to a place like this in a town full of amazing restaurants that have decent service and actually care that you are there.
4	I like that this place isn't too stuffy or take themselves too seriously. I enjoyed our cocktails, great wine list by the glass, and excellent seafood. Dessert was tasty too, but for a key lime type dessert (served in a cute little glass jar), but it was too warm and the texture was a bit slimy. All things considered, I would revisit next time I'm in town and would recommend to others.
3	I don't get what Howard Seitfel sees in this place. It was fine, but below other restaurants in the valley that aspire to this level. My co-worker found the grilled octopus to be disappointing and below Talavera's (given his extensive time in Portugal I'm inclined to trust his judgment). My fish meal was not noticably better than Wildfish or Olive + Ivy.  Ambience is strange, sandwiched in a motel's courtyard. Service was indifferent and the meal dragged. Maybe that negatively influenced my view.... Relatedly, who is this Esquire critic?  CPH wasn't that great either...
4	I'm not a foodie but I have a good friend who is a foodie and he insisted that we come here because I had to try it and he was paying.  That sealed the deal for me (when you see their prices on the menu you'll understand).As it turns out I only had an appetizer and a drink (long, uninteresting story that has nothing to do with the restaurant).  But, what an appetizer!  We don't have a lot of octopuses (is that a cool word or what?) in the desert so you get one when you have the chance.  Virtu's grilled octopus with chickpeas is served with chili butter. There's a bit of a char but they are very tender.  My foodie friend insisted that I have their Let The Beet In cocktail along with the octopus because it complemented the dish (I told you he was a foodie). I guess he's right and frankly it's not the type of drink I would have ordered on my own.  It's made with salted beet syrup (I didn't know there was such a thing) with aquavit, mezcal and lime juice. It was very good.Service was excellent and when it turned out we had to leave abruptly they were very gracious and understanding. I'll be back for a main course some day.
1	Ordered a dish off the very descriptive menu without pine nuts as one of our party had a severe allergy.  Dish arrived with pine nuts.  When asked why this was not described on the menu, considering every other element of the dish was, the waitress informed us that it was our responsibility to inform her of any allergies.  She took the dish and charged us for it anyway!  We did not argue as we needed to leave urgently to get some benadryl.  The General Manager was informed and was non-responsive.  An otherwise beautiful evening ruined by horrible customer service and a general lack of concern for the "experience" part of dining.
5	Very cool restaurant from start to finish.  I went for my anniversary, drank and ate too much, and I am already looking forward to my next birthday/anniversary/special occasion to go back!  I started off with a cocktail and moved into a red wine as the food started to arrive.  It is evident that the menu is well thought out and is deliberately crafted to eliminate indecision while offering a wide array of choices. The plates come out as works of art that taste as good as they look.  I started with the truffled steak tartare and my wife with the burrata.  Truffle was not overwhelming but present, followed by the mushroom cream sauce laced with capers and finished with the delicious tartare.  A must for those considering a steak tartare!  The burrata also amazing, individual ingredients are amazng but when combined, watch out, outrageous.  After finishing appetizers came time for entrees, I the squid ink linguine and my wife the duck breast.  These were both well crafted and cooked to perfection all around.  Duck was well matched by the kale and tabouleh.  The linguine, perfection for those who would appreciate a squid ink linguine, deep flavor throughout, lightened up by fresh cherry tomatoes and white wine sauce.  The dish also includes a grilled octopus which was a plus as I did not opt for the octopus appetizer, despite wanting to, and a very tasty linguica sausage.  (America would be a better place with a little more linguica)... Finished with a PB&J desert which was over the top, too much to eat in one sitting and as a result I am very much so looking forward to an excellent lunch as well!! We took or time and felt very welcome for the duration.  More places need to be like Virtu.
4	As other reviewers have said, the grilled octopus appetizer is very good. I also had the seared branzino entree and it was very good, too. Although the food was cooked well, the presentation of the dishes was a little bit over complicated for my taste. Every dish had a nest of a crispy fried garnish on it. I'm a little bit of a purist about quality ingredients like those used at Virtu; my philosophy is to "Keep It Simple, Stupid". The service, while knowledgable and accommodating, was quite slow; my dinner companions grew frustrated by the pace. I enjoy leisurely dining, though, so it was fine to me. The cocktails are definitely worth trying. I had a Let the Beet Drop and a Johnny Ringo's Epitaph, and both were unique and delicious. I'm torn here; while I definitely enjoyed my meal, I think I would have enjoyed simply grilled octopus and seared branzino even more at a number of different excellent Greek tavernas that I know.
3	I wanted to love Virtu and give it the 5 stars I heard it deserved. At best, I give it a 3.5. 1) wine list is not very deep. They play up their hand crafted cocktails, but their wine list is disappointing.2) service was pretty disappointing on a weekend. Flat out disappointing.3) octopus- fantastic.4) main dishes: duck/steak- I love culinary flavor, however, the flavor profiles were not prepared in a way that I would describe as life changing.I saw pictures, and think I need to give it another shot. I will return- and hopefully have a better report.
5	Gio has hit this out of the ballpark. The interior is impeccable, the setting is quaint and ideal for a restaurant of this caliber. Make a reso for dinner!  Enjoy the brunch ASAP!While the wine list is limited and the food has a different approach that is precisely why you come here- step outside of our comfort zone of favorite foods and expand our horizons. The mixology is magical and the cuisine is dependably creative.
5	I have been here twice - once for dinner and once for brunch, which they serve everyday. This place is phenomenal! They have delicious and unique cocktails - I had an earthy beet one at dinner and an orange one with egg whites at brunch that tasted like an Orange Julius. You must try something different off the cocktail menu.  At brunch, their crepes or a different take on a Benedict is a must have. The crepe is huge! We had one stuffed with ham and topped with a poached egg - heavenly!For dinner, the grilled octopus is incredible. Believe me, I was never going to eat octopus in my life. Until I saw this on a friend's plate and begged for a bite. Too many of the appetizers sounded good, so I just had 2 of those and no entree. The arincini were really good, but the asparagus with the poached egg, feta and candied bacon was literally the most delicious thing I have ever eaten!!The affogato was the perfect ending - not too heavy or overly sweet. Okay, I gotta go get dressed and go back right now and try another cocktail and something else amazing off the ever changing menu...
2	With all the hype about this place we had to try it for brunch with the full intention of returning for dinner.  Nestled into this wonderful boutique hotel we were expecting a 5 star brunch.  What we got were two dishes that were bland and aesthetically unpleasing.  Both dishes were highly recommended by our server who BTW was equally as bland.  Nothing special here.  Over rated and overpriced.
5	My husband and I flew in from San Francisco for an extended weekend trip to visit some friends in Scottsdale and Phoenix, and were recommended to try Virtu. I must say I have been to hundreds of restaurants across the globe and have never given a 5-star rating but Virtu is special and worth a 5-star restaurant for their food and service. Their mixtologist, Bobby, prepared wonderful cocktails for our friends and a tasty Moscow Mules in the copper mug for me.  We started with grilled octopus | fennel | arugula | lemon chick peas | calabrese chile butter and truffled steak tartare | porcini crema | crispy capers | quail egg | grilled naan bread. Oh la la.. We also ordered the following dishes for main course, and they were perfect.*prosciutto wrapped pork rib chop | mustard greens & beans | bacon | crispy leeks | bourbon demi*pan seared scallops | butternut squash | bacon & caramelized onion | white chocolate beurre blanc,* smoked duck breast | cashew tabouleh | moroccan spiced beech mushrooms | crispy kale | cherry demi and*grilled flat iron | roasted garlic broccolini | blistered fresno chiles | purple potato frittes | demi We paired the food with two bottles of wines - Baberra from Italy and Malbec from Argentina and they were wonderful. We had a chance to speak with the wine manager, and he was extremely knowledgeable.  We hope they would carry a great German Riesling next time. I cannot wait to come back and try the pan seared branzino | calabrese peperonata | crispy leeks | amaro reduction.  It may worth a weekend getaway trip to try this dish. Our friends and us loved everything about this quaint restaurant, and would definitely come back again.
5	What an amazing night! Myself and my wife celebrated our 1 year anniversary here and what a great choice. My wife loves a new menu experience and Virtu has that plus amazing drinks. Great BandB and awesome ambience.
5	My husband and I decided to check out the new kid in town that has been getting so much of attention on media, excitement from our friends and a nod from James Beard.We got there early and were blown away by the pretty courtyard with lovely lanterns and pleasing plants all over. We sat at the bar waiting for our table and had the most interesting conversation about bitters and how to make them from scratch  with Dante- a charming bartender. I had their version of the old fashioned and hubby tried their Moroccan mojito. Both were just out of this world!After we were seated outside in the pretty courtyard, we decided to challenge the chef by sending word that we were vegetarians and we liked spicy food. Again, we were blown away. The burrata and spring salad had a major kick to it. And our main course- couscous and roasted vegetables bursting with flavors and textures left us quiet and in a trance for the rest of the dinner. We are certainly coming back. Can't wait to exchange secret ingredient notes with Dante and challenge the talented chef all over again.
5	Went to Virtu Honest Craft twice last week - and both times had a fabulous experience. On Wed night, sat at the bar and had some phenomenal cocktails while talking mixology with the very friendly and knowledgeable bartender. Each of the complex drinks was perfectly balanced and was made with fresh, high quality ingredients. We also had a wonderful dessert. The service was so comfortable and cordial..... so we returned for brunch Fri morning and WOW!!! The food was so creative, so well presented - and the flavors were simply amazing. We have eaten at many restaurants in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area over the years - but none can beat this place. A must go if you're a cocktail-loving foodie!!!
5	A Manhattan cocktail typically has three ingredients. Virtu's has about thirty. The list of ingredients read like a mystery novel, where the next ingredient was even more curious than the previous. I tried one out of pure, morbid curiosity.I was richly rewarded for the decision.There were so many flavors in this cocktail, my taste buds practically overdosed.Virtu also features Menabrea beer, or more specifically, Menabrea Amber. If you've never had one, I strongly recommend it. This hard to find Italian IPA will pair beautifully with any meal, as if it was a fine wine. It's that good.From the appetizers to desert, Virtu was delightful. The service, even better, making this restaurant every bit of five stars.Grilled octopus, Branzino, and a custard-like desert were chart toppers. I read some reviewers complain about the wine list being too abbreviated, the prices too high, and the meal selections limited.These are people who should not be Yelping since they're all very clearly full 'o shit.Virtu is one of the few restaurants where the price is truly on par with the food.The service, adorns the food and drink experience like an expensive fashion accessory.And the ambiance whisks you away to Tuscany for the ninety minutes you're there.I wasn't going to do this, write a review this favorable for fear I'll never get a seat again, but that would be wrong.Virtu deserves every accolade it gets. They've earned it. At least me and the James Beard nomination committee think so anyway.
1	I wouldn't go again because:Flies- Flies everywhere and landed on food throughout meal (I counted 9 that I could see in our section).  When I asked for them to do something they said it's because there's an olive tree outside.  Regardless of landscaping outside I don't like it to effect my indoor dining.Service- waitress (Ana) wasn't pleasant and had a minor attitude when I asked questions about bringing our apps out (I saw them on the counter for 10 mins before asking her about it).Waitress slightly over poured my wine at the bar and she poured it back in the bottle before serving to me.Food: 1 star: duck confit bennie- duck was super dry2 star: classic crepe- huge portion but crepe was thicker than typical "French crepe" 3 star: pork rillete- pork itself was tasty w pickled sides but bread was burnt3 star: burrata; well served w salad5 star: cup of fresh fruit drizzled w honey (came w bennie and not something you cook)Price: standard prices compared to San Francisco brunch; not sure how to compare to Phoenix pricing
5	This place is amazing. It's right off the main drag of old towne. It's a small restaurant that has both indoor and outdoor seating. The service is wonderful and the food is phenomenal. We tried the duck, octopus, asparagus and scallops! It was all amazing. The portions are perfect size and for desert we had the rocky road flourless. Which is so chocolatey and delicious!  I will be back for sure to try something completely different. I must try everything on their menu!
5	The layers of flavor and texture here are exquisite. Someone who gets all of the subtleties of food and delights in entertaining your senses is in charge of the menu. Barrata, branzino and berries with lemon cream. Don't miss it. Drink magicians, the Ice Queen, have it. The only great octopus ever prepared.
5	This place is such a lovely gem in old town Scottsdale. We sat on their shaded patio and had the classic crepe and a chocolate scone for breakfast. Enough for 2 people and delicious! Our server, Ana, was fabulous. This is my new favorite brunch spot. And I also must mention that the ambiance is amazing.
5	Visited with a large group for "Restaurant Week". We were able to sit on the patio which I highly recommend if the weather is decent as it is tree covered which makes it very intimate,. The service was simply amazing. Everything was prompt and all the dishes were explained very well. The drink menu is nice, try the Margarita, made with chiles and awesomely spicy. The wine list is decent with some reasonable options. Being restaurant week we were able to sample much of the menu. The burrata was a stand out as were the lamb polpettes. The flat iron Steak as an entree was amazing as was the pork chop was amazing fried in crispy polenta. This was one of our favorite experiences for all the big "friend dinners" we have done. The staff, ambience and food was just wonderful. Esquire Magazine rated Virtu as one of the top ten new restaurants in the country and it is not hard to see why. Even with all that the prices are completely reasonable, especially for Scottsdale. We simply loved it and will return soon!!
5	The husband and I went here for restaurant week last Friday and I must say that I was very impressed. I have been wanting to try this place for a long time, so when I saw their menu for RW I made a reservation right away. We started with a complimentary cocktail (mango sorbet in prosecco) and it was very tasty and refreshing. For appetizers, the husband got the lamb polpette with feta sauce... so delicious.. these little meatballs were packed with flavor, and I got the octopus panzanella. Now, I have had octopus before and didn't care for it, but I wanted to give it another chance. This was very good. The sauce they served it with and the herbs were wonderful! My only issue with the dish was that the bread was really tough and hard to cut (I ended up tearing it with my hands... not very lady like, but you gotta do what you gotta do). This octopus was far better than the first time I had tried it... I still don't think I am an octopus lover, but I did like it. For entrees, the husband got the pork chop and I had the steak. The pork chop was huge... I mean super huge. It was also tasty. He said it was was the best pork chop he'd ever had and, to quote him, it was 'comfort food elevated.' The steak was perfectly cooked and the chimichurri was delicious... very bright and herbacious. It came with a potato hash of sorts with a duck egg on top, cheese curds, and gravy.... sort of like a poutine. It was also amazingly delicious, but so rich I couldn't eat it all. For dessert we split the peanut butter and chocolate cake and the mascarpone ice cream with figs... the chocolate cake was a little on the dry side for me, but the ice cream was incredible... would eat that over and over! We also had coffee, and, though it was very good coffee, I wish we had gotten a refill.  I would definitely like to come back here again. PS the service here was perfect, attentive, friendly, but not invasive... just great. PPS you can tell how fancy a restaurant is by how many words in the review are underlined in red because the computer thinks they're spelled wrong... this place is pretty fancy :-P
5	Please don't ever close -- you'll be missed.Had the pleasure of dining here during Restaurant Week and the food and the service and the atmosphere and the drinks all lived up to the hype. Every course was done well -- nothing complex or overly worked, just great ingredients and simple presentation. This is the type of place that makes a city "world class" and should be on everyone's "must" list for the year.
5	Ate here last weekend for restaurant week. Overall, great meal. Honestly I think this should be about a 4.5 star place (yelp gets it right) but they try hard and put out some great food. We came with a group and ordered one of all the apps (loved the burratta) and we shared a bunch of entrees. Stand out we're the octopus and the brandzino. The cocktails I had (something that tasted like an old fashion with a bit extra cherry) was so good I had to drink 4 of them.Only downside at all was one plate that we sent back (the panzenella) because the bread in the dish was so hard it could have broken teeth. They replaced it quickly and it was delicious. Can't wait to go back to try the full menu.
5	One of the best restaurants in Scottsdale! They always change the menu up and have the perfect pairings.
5	I really wanted to give this place one star (it'd be a lie) just to keep people from wanting to come here, that way I'd have it all to myself.  This place is truly a gem.  Food was interesting and delicious.  Service was impeccable.  Good job virtu!
1	Served me an extremely undercooked steak.  You can even see the fat is still completely raw. Very disappointing.
5	A real find in #Scottsdale: Unlike the over-showy or underwhelming restaurants that most visitors and locals frequent out of force of habit, Virtu Honest Craft is just a year-old and is showing up all the rest under the direction of its little known chef and owner. GIO Osso who creates high art and flavor explosions with his exquisite gift of "Italian modern" cuisine at his new Virtu Honest Craft. Worth the trip to Scottsdale just for this delicious gift to humankind!
5	Came here for brunch and it was astonishing! Their menu contains items you probably won't see anywhere else. Their eggs benidict comes with a unique twist and the Nutella crepe-- absolutely delicious
4	Beautiful dining room hidden in Old Town Scottsdale.  We made a reservation and scored an outdoor table on a lovely May evening.  It was the perfect night to sit outside and enjoy an amazing meal.  My husband and I shared the grilled octopus to start - fresh, flavorful and inventive.  I tried the duck for my entree and it was perfectly prepared...a little sweet with the cherry demi and a little savory with the mushrooms and kale.  This place is a must stop on your culinary tour of the Valley.
5	Oh my goodness. I have been wanting to try this restaurant for ages and we finally got it on our schedules to meet up with some good friends. The service was impeccable. The waitress was so knowledgeable and helpful. We ordered 3 starters: the octopus, asparagus, and house cheese board. They were all so delicious we nearly licked the plates clean. Our entrees were the duck, the scallops, and the fish. All so incredibly flavorful. It has only been a day and I'm dying to go back!
5	Went for lunch with a colleague and had an amazing experience.   I had the smoked duck sandwich and the pink peppercorn peach cobbler for dessert.  Both were well balanced!  The depth of flavor had my taste buds singing.I looked at the dinner menu and I have to say I wish I could go back for the pan seared scallops.  However I will be back to enjoy the flavors that this gem is producing!
3	Virtu Honest Craft: appropriate name for the food, not the wine.  Went for dinner on a Sunday evening in July.  The food was excellent, the service was very good at the bar.  I had the squash flowers with goat cheese as an appetizer and the smoked duck entree - both were excellent.   The portions were just the right sizeThere is only one thing leading to a 3 star review - the wine prices.   The everyday selections cost about as much for a glass as the bottle's retail price.   Most inexpensive wines are marked up to about 4x retail pricing - this is not Honest wine pricing.  The best values on the wine list are some of the mid tier wines at a much more reasonable 2x markup (Gary Farrell Pinot Noir and Perrier Jouet bubbly for example).   But one shouldn't have to buy a $60+ bottle to be treated fairly.  I will get a beer next time.If they fix the wine pricing, this becomes a 5 star restaurant.
5	Nice hidden gem in Scottsdale. Food was amazing (burrata app & flat iron steak were standouts), and service was impeccable. Small place with about 12 tables. Absolutely loved it and will be back!
1	First, how I came to know about this restaurant? I googled scottsdale best restaurant and virtu is No. 1 on the top ten list. However, I was disappointed with the overall dining experience there. 1. kitchen ventilation is bad and it has open kitchen which made me smell weird when I left the restaurant. 2. Food is pricey, taste is nothing to shout about... 3. Portion is small!!!I have ordered scallop entree and there were ONLY 3 scallop in my plates and it costs $30. I would rather enjoy my scallop meal at North, Common Kierland. 4. The restaurant is small. No privacy.The only 1 star that I could give is the service. Service is good. This would be my first and last visit of this restaurant. Simply not worth for the money that we spent!How it got rated no. 1 restaurant in Scottsdale? I think it is just because of the marketing !! In conclusion, this place  is over- priced and underwhelming!!
5	I said I'd never, ever in a million years go back to Arizona, until Virtu. And, still, I'd only go back to dine and dash from the state as quickly as possible. Anyway, Virtu is incredible. We happened to stumble upon it during restaurant week. We ordered 2 of everything on the menu, and there wasn't one dish I wouldn't order again. It has a farm to table vibe; small, lite, quaint, and classy. We each ordered a crafted cocktail - I had the Ice Queen, which was great. Fruity. There was a Moscow Mule-esque drink that was fantastic. I think that my favorite dishes were the honey beets, there was a fish entree that was incredible, and the brandzino (unnnnnnnnnreal). I almost ready to book a flight back right now...
5	We were visiting from out of town and did some research online looking for a good place to try, that we hadn't been to during our previous trips to Scottsdale, and this one did not disappoint.  Amazing food and service!  We'd highly recommend the Grilled Octopus and Grilled Asparagus starters.
5	Came here with my husband this past Sunday for brunch.  I was surprised to see that it was empty but maybe it was just the time that we arrived.  Its a very cute but small location.  We decided to sit inside because it was rather hot out.  We started off with drinks..my husband ordered a moscow mule and I got the blood & basil.  Both drinks were great..mine was very refreshing!  We ordered the grilled cheese and the classic crepe.  Both were fantastic and had such great flavors!  Also very large portions.  Can't wait to come back and try their dinner!
5	Fantastic. Every bit as good as we expected, from drinks, to apps, entrees, dessert, and service. The venue is intimate and permits conversation without shouting, even on a reasonably busy weekend night.
5	Girl date!  Weekday night around 7 pm.  This spot is tucked away!Love the patio ambiance but I guess you need a reservation typically.  Apparently they "threw out" thier tequila and did not have any so I could not try the margarita.  We sit inside & enjoy a glass of wine each. Lambrusco for me and barbera for my friend.  Her wine is leathery and very bold and my Lambrusco is light and sparkling.Starting with the pumpkin risotto- our server says the chef is a "risoto snob" so it's quite good.  Love the confidence and the dish!  Chorizo and shaved cheese on top make it an easy a+. The temperature was perfect which enhanced the dish for me.We also share the beet salad.  This is a lovely presentation of scattered radishes, berries, dressing, and homemade crackers with a goat cheese circle in the middle.  This is an accent dish moreso than a filling entree salad.We shared the halibut cheeks which are basically a fish & chips style with battered asparagus, pickle, carrots, hot pepper, and of course the fish.  This also comes with a garlic vinegar sauce, white ranch style dipping sauce and a piquillo pepper sauce.  Normally I avoid anything fried but this was Delish!The dessert was the Nutella bundito- though the server recommended the toffee pudding we wanted this or the olive oil cake.  Sooo happy we choose the Nutella dessert- our favorite dish of the evening.  We loved the sea salt and caramel drizzle and the sea salt and whip on the gooey Nutella yumminess.Really appreciated the great homey service and inspired cuisine.  Will return with a reservation on the lovely patio!
4	Virtu for brunch at 1pm on a Saturday. 1. When we phoned to see availability, had a bizarre voice mail. Thankfully I went on Open Table to secure a reservation. When we arrived, there were only two other tables present, and we were still asked if we had a reservation. A little weird that no one answered the phone with only two tables. Suggestion- don't waste your time calling, just reserve to CYA on Open Table.2. Morning cocktails are incredible. We ordered the bourbon drink and the gin drink. Deciding was challenging but the server was helpful.  If you like your drinks to be of a respectable caliber, this is your jam. 3. We ordered the burrata which was a great combination of flavors. Spicy poached eggs was next. If you have celiacs disease, I wouldn't even attempt to share this. We tried but my sad fork could barely scoop up any of the tomato egg goodness. Left this dish for the boyfriend to swoop in with beautifully toasted artisan bread slices.  Since I was still craving protein, we ordered the peperonata & potato hash.  This was incredible and left one measly bite of potato. Portions are a nice size and it is very fun to share.  The menu on the website is a sample-- really it shows the style of food you'll be treated to.
4	Ham and Gruyere crepe at brunch--GET IT!!  I was actually sad when I was too full to finish it.  I also had the burrata, which was delicious, but I would have liked a crostini or something for the sake of texture.  I ate dinner here a few months back, and, I honestly thought it was a little overpriced and overhyped.  The food was good, but I can't remember what I had, which tells me it wasn't stellar.  I like the atmosphere, and the service was great both times.  I probably won't return for dinner but will definitely be back for brunch!
4	Ladies night out! Service was perfection. Thank you Courtney! The food was delicious. The stand out appetizer was the charred octopus w/ calabrian chile butter although the grilled asparagus with duck egg, candied bacon and foie gras hollandaise was nothing to dismiss. For entrees, we had the spaghettini (from the pasta menu), the scallops (with white chocolate beurre blanc), the pork rib chop and I personally ordered the marsala braised short ribs with Brussels sprouts, hazelnuts, currants and vanilla sweet potatoes. Go with friends because you are going to want to try EVERYTHING. You'll be happy you did because everything was amazing. My short ribs were flavorful and were so tender, the meat VIRTU-ally melted right off the bone. For wine, I ordered the Coto de Hayas Garnacha...a few times. When it's my time to go, I think drowning in that celestial chocolaty wine aroma is definitely on my short list of ways to die. *I can't remember the name of my cocktail, it had blueberries, shaved lemon zest, whiskey and some other delightful flavors in it and I think I'll go back just to ask them how to make it at home. The only thing I was unhappy with was their designated parking lot across the street. They really should have some lights over there because high heels, unlevel surfaces, wine/cocktails and dark walkways are not a pleasant combination. Luckily, their food and drinks are so good that it may be worth breaking an ankle.*I have just been informed that my cocktail was named "Fortified Truth".
3	This is a more 3 and half rating. My colleage had highly recommendation for Virtu. It's a very lovely place. We went there last Sunday. I really wanted to have some Italian food (maybe a little "heavy" food?) but they only served some light food as brunch. I had a grilled cheese, which didn't taste Italian, but it was great. Love the combination, and I think it's very heathy but too light for me at that  time. My husband had a grilled octopus, which the waiter told us it was a big fish that we might want to share. But it's a very not that big enough to be shared. I forgot my desert name, and they don't have the same menu showing online, but it's not bad, too sweet. My husband had gelato which he said it's the best.
4	Had a great dinner here last night !  Our server was friendly and knowledgable, and the restaurant full of energy yet not too loud.  We enjoyed the kale salad, gnudi pasta, pork chop, chocolate ice cream with hazelnuts, and a few glasses of wine.  Highly recommend.
5	Me and my husband came here on a Monday night and couldn't believe the place was full. We had reservations but chose to sit outside, the waitress brought out a blanked for me just in case I got cold. Let me begin by letting you know they have a very nice selection of wines by the glass! We enjoyed our appetizer very much, we had the asparagus with the poached egg, candied bacon and it was amazing. My husband had the burrata salad that was very delicious. Main entrees didn't disappoint either, I had the duck breast with Moroccan spices chickpeas and eggplant and my husband had the pork chop with blue cheese and fig demi. The only complaint my husband had was that he wished there was more glaze :) We will definitely come back soon!
5	Awesome place. Just had our second meal here and it was even better the second time.  The food is creative, but not obscure.  All the flavors are wonderful and the staff are incredibly knowledgeable about the food and drinks.  The Brussel salad is amazing, as is the grilled octopus and burrata.   Great spot for a date or evening with friends.
5	This is my most favorite restaurant.  The setting is absolutely charming, close to the heart of Old Town Scottsdale.  One is greeted promptly and in the most welcoming way.  The menu selections rely on local and seasonal foods, which makes for a great dining experience.  The staff is knowledgeable about the food and wines. Specialty cocktails are also quite tasty and varied.  The food is cooked to perfection and tastes so, so good.  One can choose to eat inside or out.  I highly recommend this place.
