4	With the addition of Over Easy last week, 40th Street in Arcadia is becoming more and more of a hip restaurant row. Retro chairs [see photo] and space-age stools dot the interior of the cozy joint owned by Sol y Sombra chef Aaron May.The place, which is next door to The Vig, recalls a Matt's Big Breakfast feel (and was so alluded in Java magazine) for this side of town and manages to do so in an old 1970s mission style Taco Bell. I wouldn't have been able to tell if I didn't know. Regardless, the food here is delicious and compared to other places I did not feel like I ingested a tub of butter. I ordered the hearty Wolf Pack with a pancake on the side and I was in heaven. Two (count them, TWO!)  layers of hash browns [see photo] with two scrambled eggs, cheddar cheese and strips of bacon in the middle. The eggs were just the right consistency and hash browns were browned just right and tasted terrific with garlic salt and pepper. A fluffy griddled pancake with syrup on the side, fresh squeezed orange juice and a complimentary New York Times at the counter also greeted my morning grumpiness and I was quickly satiated.  Altogether the meal came out to $12 + tax.  A bit pricey, but worth it knowing you get what you pay for.I briefly talked with the chef's managing partner who went into detail about the tater tots with tomato jam (that I missed on the menu) and the bacon reduction sauce that comes with the brioche.My only complaints would be minor.Small quarters: With about half of the seats outside on the patio, it's probably a few seats more than MBB.  There was brisk business yesterday on a weekday morning, but on the weekend I can see how the crowds would grow.A la carte-like menu: This is a trend I'm not particularly fond of, especially for breakfast. Several of the entrees don't come with either eggs or potatoes. The Loretta breakfast sandwich are examples of entrees that don't come with eggs. The Over Easy brioche and omelettes don't come with potatoes. The wait staff just shrugged it off as, "Oh you can just order [blank] on the side."  I disagree, especially when you're paying nearly $10 for an entre or omelette.Semi-scattered staff:  Everyone was friendly and engaged in small talk with people at the counter.  But after asking twice for my check, I figured it was a small blip in the overall experience.Delicious breakfast food with a cool hip feel? This neighborhood will be all over it.  I'm looking forward to the next visit.EDIT: 1/19/08 -- OK, I'm upping this to 4.5 stars.  Service was excellent today.  And the country fries (and tater tots with tomato jam)  were outstanding.  They were deep fried with seasoned salt, parsley...yum!
5	I love this place... i had something that was the greatest hangover meal ever.... it had bacon, eggs, cheese, and hash browns all mixed together.  they also have fresh squeezed OJ which i always a nice touch for breakie...though to go with  a large group but solo at the bar is nice... you should check this place out...
5	I really enjoyed Over Easy.....some thoughts....- Its cheap, like really cheap.- I love the furniture- the table tops, the chairs the counter....it gives it a very 50s diner feel.- The a la carte menu....you can almost make it like tapas.  This works great for someone like myself who loves and breakfast and can never decide what to get.  Waffle, home fries and an egg? Sure.  Pancakes, tater tots and a ham steak? Done. - There was a short wait when we got there but they served our party coffee while we waited.- The waitresses are really cute.- The outside seating is sort of a bummer with the sun depending on the hour and where you sit BUT I did enjoy that it was enclosed with wood slats so you aren't looking at the strip mall parking lot- The food itself wasn't amazing but it was good and filling.  - They let us linger at our table when we were finished even though there was a wait.- The menu isn't overwhelmingly huge....the food is simple, the selection is simple but its well done and enjoyable.  - The parking lot is small but you can park next door at The Vig.I would definitely return, it was a good place for a group to have a nice casual breakfast.
5	Breakfast is one of my favorite meals of the day and OVER EASY hits that spot!  I had the signature dish OVER EASY, which is toasted brioche topped with spinach and fried egg.  Oh so yummy!  I also shared a cranberry scone.  The place is small but if you go on  a Sunday before 9am your sure to get a seat in no more than 5 mins.  LIke Kristin says its cheap and oh yeah coffee was good too....anyway try it bc it is seriously tasty!  I had some of my bf's french toast topped with caramelized banana and pecans. TO DIE FOR!!
4	North Scottsdale doesn't have a large selection of breakfast places....so i have to travel down to "the city".  I am glad that I did.  Over Easy is Aaron May's 2nd restaurant here in the Valley...some of you may know his first in DC Ranch...Sol y Sombra.  You know the place is good, when it is packed and folks are waiting in the pouring rain for a seat!  The restaurant is not very big with half of the tables outdoors...under a tent with heaters (nice touch)  The food is great nice size portions and inexpensive!!  Coffee and fresh squeezed OJ completed this meal.  I recommend going, even if it is a ride from north Scottsdale.  It was well worth it.
1	The coffee was good.I had the two egg breakfast and asked for toast instead of bacon.I got bacon (and no toast) and reminded the server I asked for toast instead. I was almost done by the time I got my toast.The portions were small. Really small. The plates are smaller than average. (I am not one for huge portions, but c'mon, I have seen child's portions bigger than this!) The hashbrowns were unremarkable. The bacon had a smokey flavor that tasted like your clothes smell after being around a campfire. The eggs were ok. The meal barely filled me up.Maybe I got the wrong thing. Or maybe I am crazy to expect an $8 breakfast to be spectacular (or filling). When it is almost $40 for breakfast for three people it better be damn good. And this wasn't.
2	I love breakfast. It's my favorite meal of the day, so I am always excited when a new AM spot opens up. Well. After reading all of the wonderful reviews of this place, I had high expectations. I suppose that was my mistake. I love the fact that this place is in an old Taco Bell. The transformation from cheesy fast food joint to civilized restaurant was well executed and turned out really cute. I love the outdoor seating with the patio heaters. But....when I end up paying almost $15 for breakfast, I expect a little more than what I got at Over Easy. I ordered the Over Easy, a side of hash browns (because breakfast just isn't complete without potatoes!) and coffee. The Over Easy was very tasty. The spinach, egg and bacon sauce were perfect toppings for the toasted Brioche.  I wasn't disappointed with the taste of the Over Easy, but I don't think that it alone was worth $9. It needs something- like potatoes- on the side. About that side of hash browns- they were dry and required liberal salt and pepper. Pretty disappointing, especially since the saucer sized side dish was $3. (not even kidding about the saucer.) The coffee was good. If I lived nearby, I might drop in only for the coffee.This place doesn't live up to the hype. I won't be back, especially since there are much tastier options closer to home.
3	Is this a former Taco Bell?  Anyway, after the hype dies down I think this will be a place that I add to my mix of breakfast spots.  We waited about 30 minutes for a tiny little space at the counter, but this seemed reasonable, as the crowd waiting outside was smaller than we'd ever seen.  I had an egg white omelet w/ wild mushrooms and hashbrowns and my dining companion had a different egg dish w/, get this, a side of Recess Pieces pancakes (yes, I had a bite and yes, they were really yummy)!  If you're not going for gourmet, the food won't disappoint.  As other reviewers have said, the coffee is very good.  The mix of Scottsdale hangovers and Arcadia church goers makes the people watching fun (if you're not seated in front of a brick wall) and the staff was charming - despite the craziness!
1	MY EXPERIENCE: We take a seat at a table in the corner.  It wasn't set so a busser brings our water & utensils, she is carrying the end of the utensils we're about to put in our mouth.  There is hair in my water.  Dude takes the water away saying yeah, that's gross (he didn'tapologise).  My hash brown layer concoction was awful.  Felt like I was eating plastic, tasted like it too, eggs were rubbery & only two small strips of bacon.  My companions chicken fried steak wasn't bad, though they forgot to bring his side of corn beef hash, proceed to bring him hash browns and then the corn beef hash...  He was done with his food before they brought either of them out!  The gentleman in the back putting butter in the pans wasn't wearinggloves (the other cooks were) and picks up a piece of butter he dropped, yip, with his hands.  Our server sits at the bar near us & inhales his food, quite a sight!  No one asked how our meal was.  He brings us our check, my full plate of food is sitting right there, still doesn't ask us about our meal.  We ask for a to go box, my companion looks inside and it's got an oil puddle and oops, some MORE hair!!!  We pay and run out of there!  I personally am too afraid of going back there in the fear of I might 'catch' something but then again maybe it was a combination of my bad luck and a bad day for them...?
3	This place is right near my house so I finally got up early and tried it out before school today. It's a cute place, not too big. Only four tables (w/ 4 chairs each) and about 10 seats at the counter on the inside. Several tables outside.I grabbed a spot at the counter and just went simple and had the two eggs and bacon breakfast. The bacon was really good, but only got two pieces. The scrambled eggs weren't great. Just some cheap egg mix with little taste. Toast was a big serving, but lukewarm and they carry a generic and tasteless jelly brand to go with it. The big disappointment was the hash browns. They're thick (almost doughy) and very bland. And I'll be damned if I eat bland hash browns with my breakfast! That's a little dramatic, but I do love my morning hashbrowns. For $7, I don't really feel the meal was worth it. Looking at the other prices on the menu, it seems most items are about $2-$3 more than you'd see at other breakfast joints. And I had some ice tea, which is a green tea that they serve. It was standard issue stuff. It tasted just like the green iced tea Einstein's bagels serve.I'll probably go back and try a bacon and cheese omelette at some point since I can't get my perfectly-made omelettes at the old Eggery on 44th st anymore. But until I make it back to try an omelette, I'll stick with The Good Egg/Eggery locations when I want breakfast due to their portions, prices, and (from what I can compare of the two) superior food.But like I said it's a cute place, near my house, and the staff is friendly and awake without being freakishly perky that early. But don't get too wrapped up in the Yelp hype...this is a 3-star place at best.
3	How charming...an old Taco Bell! :)I had big expectations for this place, being located in the vicinity of fan favorites such as The Vig, LGO, Chelsea's...well you get what I'm saying.The interior is bright, sunny and welcoming. You can see the kitchen make you your delicious breakfast....or what should have been a delicious breakfast...We had a blueberry muffin with lemon curd to start. I love that flavor combo, but our muffin tasted packaged and the lemon curd was poorly made. For my main course, I had some combination of eggs and bacon and hashbrowns (No, toast is NOT included!). I always order my eggs over medium because runny whites make me gag and my bacon well done, because who likes soggy cured pork fat?! I was thoroughly disappointed that not only were my eggs oozing clear jiggly white liquid, but my bacon was soft and slighlty soggy. Oh and I do not know if they prepare the hashbrowns there themselves, but if they do, the cooks should make them appear a little bit less than the frozen bagged stuff you get at Fry's.On the plus side, the service was great, and the manager even nicer than the servers.
5	There's a cute little spot that is in the middle of the parking lot for the Vig. Because of the exterior facade it actually looks like it could be part of the the Vig's property, low and behold, its a remodeled Taco Bell with cool wood paneling, a small dedicated parking lot to the south side and some of the best offerings for a full service breakfast place this side of...1st Street and Scottsdale Road, south of Camelback...I am doing my best to keep my loyalties and boundaries!...And, I think its important for me to note, I am an Aaron May fan. I think what he has done is awesome. I appreciate the commitment to quality he consistently provides his Guests, be it at Sol y Sombra or Over Easy. He might charge a higher price than most expect, but it is worth it!On my last visit (I've been several times), we came in the middle of the week and had blueberry pancakes (10-star-worthy), toast with a side of apple butter (that was out of this world) and I had an egg-white/asparagus omelet (that was delicious, but much too healthy). Let it be noted: Aaron's menu doesn't provide for many 'low carb' options as sides. No fruit, tomatoes or cottage cheese. Only toast, potatoes, hash browns. Me and my waistline had to get over it quickly, I did, and I still come back again and again.Our server was attentive, patient and aware that we were talking disproportionately to our eating, but gave us plenty of room to drink 15-cups of the freshly brewed coffee, time to try each other's meals and, again, lament that I was being way too healthy for what the menu offers. All of it is delicious.The food, service and ambiance are great and the space heaters on the patio actually work. I would  easily conduct anything from a business day breakfast meeting to anything similar to a hang-your-head-low-because-we-drank-too-much and need some good bacon grease to absorb the bourbon meeting here too, for an "over easy" (not that I've ever done anything like it).Seriously though, Aaron and his team have surrounded themselves with good people that provide friendly, hospitable service. When you return, you'll find Aaron's friends are his most regular Guests and his parents and/or his sister and his wife are usually stopping by on the weekends - it says a lot when your friends and family come around all the time, because no matter what, they're going to love you - if they're going to pay a tab, and love you, the food must be damn good.
4	BACON SAUCE!!!!! It's mention in the menu peaked my curiosity and honestly tasted good for a couple of bites. But by the end of the brioche I started feeling pretty queezy from the hog fat overload. And I can't help but feel a little out of sorts when I think about Over Easy since. The brioche was also pretty frickin tiny for being on their "entree" menu. Maybe bacon sauce is elsewhere without my knowledge, but it seems like a bizarre and gratuitous invention that should be avoided unless you're are heavily intoxicated.So why do I still go four stars on this place? Probably the time and care put into everything they bring out to you. The menu is ambitious, so I guess they do have time to concentrate, but there is just something to a perfectly made hearty pancake from the right ingredients.So  I guess this is where you come for no-nonsense breakfast food made perfectly, but as said before, the prices just don't make a lot of sense when you have to keep ordering things a la carte to work off that hangover. Although maybe not as stupid as their 1130 a.m. closing time, even on weekends when hoards of people are still driving up and trying to get a table at noon.
4	Love this place!  I've been twice but each experience was excellent!  I love sitting at the counter, reading the newspaper and enjoying whatever it is  that I ordered.  I love their french toast!  Super yum!  Their counter has those retro boomerangs on it.  You can sit there and watch the cooks in the kitchen, that is always fun for me.  They have a cute covered patio, but I have never sat on it yet.  We really like counters if the restaurant has one. I also love that it's super close to my apartment.
4	Recently had breakfast with family at Over Easy.  The food was really good and at an even better price.  The menu is pretty simple, I had the asparagus omelette and potatoes, which were both yummy.  The restaurant is small, so expect a wait.  The patio is cute, but in the summer I don't see myself dying to sit outside.  The building is the original Taco Bell in Phoenix, so you get the idea of size.  Also, the place closes early - 11am I think....Cute addition to the Arcadia Neighborhood, and a deviation from the traditional breakfast joints.
5	My new review is 5 stars - I have grown to really love this place. They have wonderful food, mostly good service and are in walking distance from my house. The move to the new location made a HUGE difference. My old review  was 3 stars - I met girlfriends for breakfast here last weekend.  I didn't love it, I didn't hate it.  I didn't really think much of it either way.  I probably would not suggest going here again but would go if someone else invited me.  The food was okay and has some untraditional & interesting twists.  The wait was very long.
2	Ive been hearing loads of cool things about this place so when a friend invited me and the Mr for breakfast I was on it! When we got there I was surprised to see that it was a Taco Bell before though they have done a decent enough job of making the place their own.. sorta 50's ish.. the patio surround is very cool.. looks like another project for our own home updating. Anyway..Service is quick and the menu interesting. I had the Banana French Toast and the Loretta.. both were really good though I wish the Loretta would have been hot when I got it. Oh yeah, ordered oj as well and the glass that it came in was covered in chapstick, lip marks and all! Now my lips were a little dry but I don't think it was their intention to moisturize my lips! The server changed it out pretty quickly..So just a couple of dings, not to shabby. I think that on future visits (fur sure) it will be fun checking out more of the menu.. next time Im going to pretend to be a kid and order the M&M Pancakes! Yum!
3	Cute place. The best thing about it was the staff- they were really cool and accommodating, especially given the annoying pseudo-yuppie Scottsdale crowd slumming it (yes there IS a wait, even for you!).The food was edible, but honestly I can think of a dozen better places for breakfast. Its inexpensive, so it wasn't that upsetting that my chicken fried steak was of the frozen variety,and the gravy had this very strange gratuitous smoky porky flavor. Yes they do have good coffee, and fresh juice. All in all it was.....o.k. The most perplexing thing though- they serve everything in these tiny side dishes, which is not to say the portions are small, but the dishes are. You can't even see the plate for the food. I just wound up eating my steak off the counter-- thank god it was clean.45 minute wait? Perhaps not.
2	Ths food here is pretty good, prices are not bad. However they REALLY need to have fans on the ourdoor patio. We had no choice but to sit outside this past trip and while it was cool in the shade of the tree in the parking lot where we waited, the outdoor patio covering is metal with no slots for heat to escape. It was like an oven. Outdoor temp was probably 95 degrees, but under this "shade" patio it was more like 125! Even the host commented on how hot it was under there! For the prices and service you're better off at La Grande Orange.
4	Ahhh, breakfast my favorite meal!  Over Easy is way cool, and by all accounts it's Matt's Big Breakfast's latest challenger for best breakfast in town.  And the winner ... Over Easy by a nose.I've been twice now, and both times I've had the waffle and hash browns.  Unfortunately the maple syrup is nowhere near as good as Matt's or Palette (the best syrup in town) but still pretty good.  But what really makes this place better than Matt's is that they really do CARE about you while you wait (what a concept).  So yes, there are outside seats for people waiting and that's a big deal to me.
2	Oh Over Easy, you taco bell looking motherfucker. I had such high hopes for this place, I mean the only thing better than breakfast in my book is MAGIC and well there wasn't a whole lot of that coming from my meal. I ordered steak and eggs (a classic) which was like 7 or 8 bucks (in the back of my mind I knew there was a hitch), but instincts aside I was still hyped, sadly like most things in my life disappointment:)  The "Steak" basically was badly seasoned deli roast beef stacked over my horribly cooked eggs, my plate was over flowing with watery steak juice it really should have been served in a bowl it was gross I mean gross, the coffee drink was good (kinda girly) and the decor was aiight. So if you find yourself waking up sunday morning smelling like crown royal and cigarettes with someone you barely know and never want to know again take them here.Oh yeah"Matt's makes this place look like a cracked out denny's or taco bell (ha because it used to be one I know I'm lame) zing."
5	If you want to find me on any given morning, look here.  I could eat breakfast for breakfast, lunch and dinner, and THIS is the breakfast place I've been waiting for.  No, it's not artsy like my beloved Pallette, but you can't beat it for a quick, delicious and inexpensive start to your day.Over Easy is absolutely adorable inside, and the enclosed patio with misters is nice too.  More than anything, though, I love bellying up to the counter and sitting on the bouncy stools.  While I'll be dragging poor Dave B here every weekend from now on, I also would have no problem popping in by myself on the way to work with a book.  The food was yum, just your typical breakfast cafe fare, but somehow a notch above.  The price are beyond reasonable (you can grab some eggs and bacon for less than your Egg McMuffin meal deal, seriously), and it's simple to put together exactly what you want, a la carte.   (EDITED NOTE:  after I posted this, I read other reviews, many complaining about price.  I guess I didn't really pay attention to the bigger items on the menu... I just know that I typically want some combination of pancake, toast, eggs, bacon, and potatoes, and I am able to get all that VERY cheaply a la carte)Now that Over Easy exists, I can't imagine a good reason to ever set foot into anything generic like The Good Egg or First Watch again.  My one and only disappointment in Over Easy is that they are only open in the mornings.  Hopefully plans for some extended hours (maybe even just through lunch) are in the works.  If so, you can also look for me there every day at lunch too!
4	This place is excellent for a weekend brunch. I suggest going early to beat the crowd AND the heat. I would suggest the waffles and I don't normally even like waffles. There is some sort of secret recipe in these puppies, they are light and melt in your mouth. The best thing you can do is custom order the bananas foster (on menu with pancakes) but have it with your waffle instead. Unbeatable. You'll get service with a smile, great quality food and low prices. If you can sit inside and watch the proceedings in the kitchen, you'll see the place running like a well-oiled machine.
5	I had been waiting forever to try this place.  OK, I will  admit it.  I couldn't get my late night butt out of bed early enough to get there!  That's what happens when you work nights in the restaurant biz!After dropping family off at the airport at the crack of dawn we decided to make our way to Over Easy.  We realized by the clever billboard stating we had basically made a wrong turn and the restaurant was in the opposite direction.  Side note:  I work at Roka Akor and Chef-Owner, Aaron May was in the restaurant last night. I told him that we made it over to his place and loved the "strategically placed" billboard and that we loved the food and atmosphere too. My boyfriend Ben, best friend Sabrina and I made our way into the restaurant.  I immediately loved the cozy feel and cheerful color and design of the interior.  The snazzy bar stools were tempting to bounce up and down like a little kid.  We took our place to a table by the door.  I love the diner feel and the buzz of guests conversation.  Our waitress was cheerful and busy but her back up girl looked like she was missing her warm bed she had to get out of on this morning.  I guess that's why I am the Night Girl.  It was also nice to be able to see the kitchen crew working well together preparing dishes left and right to the hungry diners.  Great selections on the menu with classic breakfast comfort food.  Ben chose the 3 eggs with steak, caramelized onions and chilies.  Sabrina chose the Wolf Pack: 2 eggs, bacon and cheese between layers of hash browns. Yeah, OMG!  I decided on the Lox, Eggs and Onions with choice of potatoes and toast.  I chose the sourdough.   I need to wrap this up because now I am STARVING!  I decided on the lox because it is one of my all time favorite things.  Everyone enjoyed their dishes to the point it was a little embarrassing because we did everything to the plate but pick it up and lick the death out of it!   All I can say is I can't wait to get my tired, lazy butt out of bed early enough to work my way through the menu.  I think I will definitely indulge in the pancakes or french toast.  OMG, there I go again!  I need to EAT!!!!  Thanks Aaron!!!!!  LVUMNIT!
4	The perfect place for hangover food!I cannot believe it took me so long to make my way to Over Easy... but it was worth the wait for sure!  Today I went to brunch at Over Easy with a party of 4 (that's the way to go by the way, so that you can taste  a bit of everything!)Needless to say, we'd all had a few too many drinks last night, and we needed a good greasy spoon, fill your tummy, type of meal.  We arrived around 10:15 on a Saturday and had about a 20 minute wait, but it went by fast and was so worth it!  Brian hooked us up with a table inside and our server brought us ice waters and coffee immediately.  There were so many menu items that sounded amazing, so we decided to start with the waffle for the table as an appetizer.  Yum!  (It's got a vanilla malt flavor that is out of this world good!)  We also ordered a side of crispy bacon for the table - such a treat!I went with the egg white asparagus omelet and added mushrooms to it plus a side of hash browns.  The asparagus was seriously some of the best I've had and I cleaned my plate!  Jared went with steak and eggs over sleazy - it looked so good I had to taste it and that too was fantastic!  The other couple we were with enjoyed their entrees too.  Although I didn't try them, the 'tots' looked good and I would suggest hash browns or tots before the breakfast potatoes.As you can imagine, this was a ton of food for the four of us, but since we were all hungover and hungry, we did pretty well with it... With tip, I think the total for all of us was just under $60 - it may seem expensive, but it was worth every penny!I usually like some fruit, tomato, yogurt, or cottage cheese options.  That's the only reason for 4 stars instead of 5.  I think they keep it simple because of their limited space in this location.  With that said, Chef Aaron May and his team are on a roll with great restaurant concepts and I'm definitely a loyal fan.  I'll be back to Over Easy again soon as well as continue to frequent Sol Y Sombra and the up and coming new restaurants when they open as well!
1	I agree, this place doesn't have anything special to offer and seating is crammed. Service wasn't too bad but their is room for improvement.
3	I am happy to see more restaurants in the neighborhood, and I do like the retro decor... but I've only been here twice and it is right up the street from me.  I much prefer Acacia Cafe or LGO.  That's probably because I often go out to breakfast solo and do some reading or work.  This is not the kind of place where you feel comfortable just chilling by yourself.
4	Super cute breakfast place we discovered today!  I had the cheese and mushroom omlette that came with potatoes.  It's definitely not a healthy eating place, although they do offer one option with egg whites.  It's very small but in a cute way with a great patio.Couldn't give 5 stars becuase of the lack of variety.  Only 3 omlette options and that's just not enough for this gal.  Overall a super cute place to go with great, friendly, quick service!
3	Went here with a friend on a Sunday morning, thinking that it would be packed and there wouldn't be a chance of getting in. We were wrong! My friend was late and I had to sit for a while, but the gentleman taking names brought me a glass of water while I waited. So nice!Food was decent and quick. I had the egg white omelet with asparagus, tater tots, and a side of bacon. All were delish, though the omelet's asparagus was too greasy, probably cooked on the griddle. My friend had the French toast, which wasn't anything to write home about but fine. My coffee was way too strong (and I typically love strong coffee) but I was happy they had milk to put in it instead of cream. I had to ask for refills, though. But water glasses were filled promptly. We sat outside and were pretty cool under the misters but eventually got uncomfortable. Overall, Over Easy is a nice place to go if you don't feel like going to a Denny's-ish kind of place. The tater tots are awesome and the prices are good. It's not the best brunch EVAR but it's certainly one I'd have again.
3	Mediocre taco-bell remodel serves decent faire.  First of all, the patio is UGLY.  Cheap varnished pine slats and chairs colors that don't match the table color make this a quirky place that appears thrown together.  The food *was* good, but too expensive for the (lack of) atmosphere - a waffle, 1 egg, 3 strips of bacon is $9.  Cramped seating makes this a poor option for kids.
4	Over Easy has become the Cheers of breakfast spots for me.  A friend and I have made it a point to eat here every Friday to have a local spot that we know and love.  In a city filled with chains, it is nice to find a cute local spot that makes you feel welcome.  I really appreciate that the building was a former Taco Bell.  Great revitalization project!!!!We have had the same waitress every time and as soon as we walk in the door she has our drinks ready and on the table.  The one time that she was not there, the other waitress still had our drinks ready for us.   The blueberry pancakes are amazing!!!!!   No wait on Friday mornings.
3	I would actually give this place 3.5 stars for the pure and simple reason that it is a great place to take your hung-over ass to on the morning after as long as you wear your super big bug-like dark glasses for deflecting the Arizona sun.*The malted waffle soaks up any residuals that might still be floating around in your system. But I agree that the syrup isn't the best I've ever had.*The Wolf Pack (eggs, bacon, and cheese served between two layers of hashbrowns) is the perfect greasy solution for coating that uneasy tummy. But be forewarned this one is served on a lake of melted butter, so it might actually be a better pre-drink meal.*The omelette's are a little on the bland side, but if that's what the Dr. ordered, then it's nice to have that option.*The coffee is actually above Par as compared to most restaurants. It's strong and smooth, with absolutely no hint of bitterness or that oily film that you find in some cups. And they serve actual cream, which rounds out the flavor and doesn't require you to use an entire container to mellow things out.*And what place doesn't deserve a second or third visit that offers 'tater-tots' as one of the potato selections?!!I've never had to wait very long, even when there is a line to get in. Service is always friendly, but not always consistent, so you may need to take a dose of patients.All in all this is a pretty decent place to have breakfast and doubly so when the weather is nice!
1	We decided to try this place out after reading several good reviews. First of all, if you are going to eat here we recommend you sit at the counter looking into the kitchen like we did so you can see the cooks mopping up grease off your eggs with the same towel they dropped on the floor and have been using to pull pans out of the oven and move saute pans with. Health code aside, the food was the most disappointing we have ever had. I ordered the Wolf pack over easy at, get this, Over Easy. The eggs were completely hard buried in crappy frozen hash browns. Before I even got this steaming pile we watched it sit under the warmer for 10 minutes while they killed my wife's egg white omelette. Over an inch thick and completely over cooked, it broke in half when they "folded" it. It had burnt edges all around from the broiler. Once the food was finally delivered and we looked at the mess in front of us, we dropped several dollars down for our coffee, pushed our plates away, and drove to Matt's Big Breakfast.
3	Hmmmm... I'm not sure which box to check... 3 or 4... 3 or 4... I'm going to go with a 3, but I am certain that a second go-around would leave me with a 4 impression.The service was definitely 5 stars, except for the reco by my server to add Swiss cheese to my egg white omelet. Egg whites = bland. Swiss Cheese = pungent. Some may say a good dichotomy, but I disagree. I will say that my dining partner delighted in the wild mushroom and herb eggs and strawberry lemonade. I had to use the bathroom, which happens to be located out around the back. Think any one of the "____bertos" Mexican places, and you will pick up what I am laying down. However, I was surprised at the cleanliness despite the fact that I had to use the men's restroom because the W's was occupied. Overall, the place is cute. Quite cute. However, because cute generally infers small, I was left smelling like sizzling bacon all day. Now, to some that would be a good thing, but being a vegetarian, I am not overly partial to the smell of fried pork flesh. But I digress.
3	First off, let me say fantastic space, great patio, and I like the counter. They made great use of an old Taco Bell and parking is much better than Vig next door. The owner was sitting next to us at the counter, or maybe the manager, but either way it made for a somewhat interesting meal. I was making observations to my mom, knowing the owner could hear me, with hopes that he might take note. First of all, the orange juice was not squeezed orange juice, but rather out of a bottle... thought you guys were trying to be an "up market" style place. The server then recommended the bacon saying it was the best in town and had an amazing flavor. Reall dude? really? I bought into your sales pitch, and thought nothing more of it than Denny's. My pancakes were great, and had no complaints there, but made the observation to mom, rather loudly, "the fucking butter is hard, like a rock, I can't even use it!" Owner didn't even look my way. The kid who was the server behind the counter was also kind of a goon. I honestly believe they were on to something here, and ruined it with their management. The food is ok, the atmosphere is cool, but the service and attitude from everyone was lame. I'll go back, if I'm starving and I'm in the neighborhood with no other options, but this is not a winner. I'll take Matt's, Pallatte, or even First Watch for that matter.
2	Over easy is great concept that is not managed well, The restaurant is cozy (small) with good ambience. Our wait for the two time we have gone has been 30-45 minutes after being told 20 minutes. The food is good and the service is fair. Our last experience: waited one hour for a table after our initial 20 minute wait time, ordered a special not on the menu and it was given to the table next to us (literally an elbow away), they took a bite before the waitress came over and said, oh you have the wrong dish and tried to hand it over to us. Obviously, i asked for  redo since someone else had allready taken a bite of it. 20 minutes later as i hungrily watched my boyfriend eat his meal mine arrived, it was excellent. when the bill arrived we asked for a compensation since it was their error and our waitress says "but you ate it'. seriously???on the redeeming side: the manager took it off, no questions asked. I will not be returning to overeasy unless i have 3 hours to spend on a sunday afternoon waiting for breakfast.
3	Super cool little open air patio. It was a wee bit chilly this morning, but with the strategically placed heat lamps, the temperature was just right. Quite cozy, actually. Service was friendly and mostly efficient, right up until it came time for the bill, at which point our waitress disappeared into some kind of crack in the spacetime continuum. Actually had to hail the host over to get it for us.Mixed reviews for the food - the french toast with carmelized bananas and pecans was incredibly delicious, the toast so big and fluffy and tender, the bananas soft and fresh... but the "three eggs with herbs and mushrooms" was, well, I don't know - just not good, and probably should have been called "an ungodly amount of slimy rubbery mushrooms dumped on top of some decent eggs with an herb, maybe two." What sounded cool when were ordering was the tater tot potato option, which sounds good in theory, but when it came down to it, was kind of weird. That could be just me, but these tots weren't even that good.Would I come back? That's the real question, right? Yeah, probably. Not the first place on my list though. And I'd probably stick to the sweet stuff.
3	Over Easy was just ok. The hostess that greeted us was really cool and got us seated fast, he even turned up the heat lamp without me asking. I liked the patio vibe a great deal and there were a few couples there with pets which is always nice to see.  The service was pretty slow, our waitress was quick to take our order but seemed to disappear after dropping off our food. We actually had to ask the hostess to go find her so we could get our bill.. I wasn't really impressed with the food. I ordered the wild mushrooms eggs with tots, the tots were gross, they tasted like freezer burnt fried potatoes. The eggs also were not very good, I got scrambled eggs with about 2 pounds of mushrooms on top. You could tell the mushrooms they used had been dehydrated, they were rubbery and had no flavor. If I do go back again I would get the french toast, it looked pretty good with bananas and walnuts..
2	Good place to go if you're hungry and don't want to cook breakfast.  Not great due to the fact that most of their food is straight from the freezer to the frying pan and just so-so.  Small portions of bland food.  Great people and great service.  Just altogether blah food.
2	okay, so it took me a while to get to this place. it's normally always closed when im in the area, but finally my seester & i made it! the place is located in an old Taco Bell bulding (the retro type) so you can totally enjoy the outside patio without much outside interference. we arrived just before the last hour was up, so we got seated right away. unfortunately the momentum of the servers was already exhausted, because it took about 45 minutes for our breakfast, and it took about half that time to place our order. there wasn't ever anyone around, except for the bussers (who didn't speak a lick'o english-or so they pretended) we even overheard two other tables complaining about not being approached for drinks or the initial order for 20 minutes, and we couldn't help but laugh at how long they would be there after placing their order!the food was deo, but my sister had to go hunt down syrup for her stack. i noticed the bar a little too late, next time we will sit there. it looked as though those servers inside knew what they were doing. i asked for coffee with a lot of cream, got the coffee with room for only 1 creamer, no cream and i had to get into a spanish convo with the busser because she didn't understand CREAM, totally forgot to ad the "A" and say "CREAMA" my bad. i must say that the prices are good, the food looked and tasted good (after it finally arrived) just don't expect to have a server, you'll have to bring in your own condiments and fetch your own coffee. dang they must have had a "phat breakfast" (received lotso' tips) that day....because by the time we arrived, they had all quit for the day. it was a totall out of body experience for them, I'm sure, because i seen people wearing the uniforms. if you go visit this place make sure you arrive just as the crowd is winding down, not much later, or you'll have to don your apron.UPDATE- just found out Aaron May owns this restaurant; funny thing is at his other place they are outstanding when it comes to customer service.
2	we came because they received a review in the Airtran Airline magazine. So after we arrived in AZ... We went to check it out and was a little disappointed with the food and the slow service, but to be fair...we did like the atmosphere of the place. (outdoor seating) which is the only reason we gave it a 2star instead of a single star.We ordered:"Wolf Pack" 2eggs, bacon & cheese between layers of hash browns...$9 (small amount of food didn't even include toast for nine bucks) "The Over Easy" Toasted brioche with spinach, fried egg, natural jus with bacon & scallions...$9 (really bad...soggy bread...lots of spinach, hardly any bacon =(The entrees where small and if you wanted to add a side to make it a reasonably sized breakfast it will cost you more...which made it expensive...like adding toast = extra $1.5....Yikes! It's breakfast food...seriously over priced.
2	You know, I really wanted to like this place. My boyfriend and I have driven by many times, but never had a chance to stop in until today.When we walked in there was a gentleman (possibly the owner??) sitting at the host stand doing a crossword - he stopped promptly and seated us. The atmosphere was cute, we sat outside on the patio and looked over the paper menu while we waiting for our server (you think they could afford to at least laminate the things). When our server came I asked about the Over Easy Ice (basically an iced coffee with sweetened condensed milk and spices) and he pretty much had no clue what I was talking about - he didn't know the menu at all.We started with the raz cranberry scone with vanilla bean creme freche. It came to the table drizzled in honey and had a huge mound of the cheese on it. As soon as I took a bite I was dissapointed. The scone was stale, like, second day stale. What a bummer, especially because it totally had the potential to be really amazing.I ordered the mushroom scallion cheese omelette. It was something you would find a Denny's for a lot less. Greasy, greasy, greasy. My boyfriend got the smoked salmon with asparagus - he liked it. His meal was pretty much the only good thing on the table. He got the sourdough toast, which came dry without any butter - not even on the side. It was left untouched on the table.What a let down. With their hip signage and atmosphere, this place could be so much better than it is.And for heaven's sake - use fresh scones!!!
4	i just returned from Over Easy and I'm a fan.  The man (referred to by other reviewers) who runs the place was very courteous and not only did he help us get seated, he also checked on us during our meal and made a point to say goodbye when we left.  (and it's Sunday Morning)FoodI had their mushroom,cheddar, and scallions Omlette and it was delicious!  They use the 'standard' mushroom and 2 other varieties I couldn't identify *the identification issue is on my part, not theirs :)  The omlette was cooked perfectly and was big enough for 2 people to split.The Coffee was good for breakfast shop coffee.  Not burned or weak.. I even got a cup to go.So, to the 2 start haters out there I say: "Lighten up, and enjoy life Over Easy".
4	I've been here a few times and have always been satisfied, especially since I've discovered the eggs with wild mushrooms dish.  If you're a mushroom fan, it's definitely a must-try.  My mom came in town this weekend and I took her here Friday morning.  She had it, said it was the best breakfast she ever had, then asked if I wanted to go again Saturday morning, and she ordered the same exact thing.Also, their lemonades are really tasty mixed with iced tea.  They have mint in them.  It's yummy.  Their hash browns are good. You can also get tator tots, which taste like tator tots from anywhere else...but tator tots are always good.  It is small and does get crowded on weekends, but the wait is generally fast even if you have lots of parties in front of you, because they tend to turn over tables quickly.  There's actually a note at the bottom of their menu that essentially reads "When you're done spending money, get the eff out."  Okay, it actually says something about being polite and cognizant of the people waiting for a table, but I don't think my interpretation was very far off.The meals are about $8-$10/each, which is a little pricey for breakfast, but the quality is good and the menu is more varied than you would find at a Denny's or IHOP, so I think it's worth it. Never had a problem with the service at all.  I'd definitely recommend giving it a try.  Especially the minty lemonade.
3	Let me start by saying I am giving an extra star just for the cups made from plant material. Not sure they're more eco-friendly than washing glass or plastic, but at least they're not using more Solo crap.The outdoor-ish seating (there was an exterior of wood planks that let light in without being "outdoor") was nice, albeit a bit crowded.The food was ok. I had something called a wolf pack. It was "ok". Nothing to write home about.My coffee cup sat empty for most of my meal. The orange juices we ordered for my daughters were pathetic; about an inch in the bottom of aforementioned cups.Service left much to be desired, but it certainly wasn't the worst service I've experienced in my life.I wouldn't tell someone to NOT go there, but I would certainly tell them to not expect greatness.I would rather go to IHOP or Denny's.
2	I really, really wanted to like Over Easy. The space looked cool. It was recommended to me by a friend.I decided to take my girlfriend there one Sunday morning.I was surprised.  My food seemed slopped together, but I ate it.The worst part was my girlfriend's experience. She ordered lox and cream cheese.  Of course, we both thought that they would include a bagel or bread of some kind...NO.  They gave her two pieces of lox, a glop of cream cheese and three pieces of cold asparagus.She looked at me and said, "What am I supposed to do with this?"  She ate it, but was repelled by asparagus for the next month.Just say no.....
5	I'm surprised at some of the bad reviews I've seen for Over Easy.  The food here was fantastic!  We're only visiting Phoenix for a week and we've already eaten there twice and plan to one more time. What really makes them stand out is the attention and care they put into the food.  Every dish seems to have just a hint of extra spice or subtle flavor that elevates it above standard breakfast fare.  This is not just grub thrown together.  We've found it to be not just one of the best breakfasts we've ver had, but a great meal, period.Freshly made corned beef hash that has the look and texture of canned, but with a phenomenally fresh taste and a smokey sweetness that is amazing.  Malt waffles that are delicately crisp but have a nutty subtext that will astound.  The best, and I mean BEST chicken-fried steak I've ever had, and I love CFS.  Again, it's the care.  Crisp and fresh batter that has the texture and flavor of great fried chicken.  A wonderful sauce that has a spice you can't quite place but makes it unique.  Only beef:  The pastries (we tried the blueberry muffins and the cinnamon roll) are obviously brought in and were waaaaaay overpriced and nowhere near up to the standards of the rest of the food.  Avoid the baked stuff.Next trip it's the biscuits and gravy...can't WAIT!
2	I've been back a few times, so thought it was time for an update.  Unfortunately, it was worse than I remembered!  I really don't think the food is very good.  I got the mushroom scramble last time. It was disgusting.  I know those are strong words, but that is the way I feel.  The food is way overpriced for what you get.  I would rather put up with the hoards of annoying people at LGO than eat here.
5	Overeasy is Fabulous! My partner and I both had the wolfpack and split an order of sourdough toast. The hash browns were PERFECT!!! Soft and crunch, not burnt! The eggs were cooked well and there was cheese a plenty! The toast had a great flavor and was hand sliced! The fresh squeezed OJ was great not too tart not too sweet!
4	Quaint little place.  The food is tasty.  If you compare it to Matt's you'll come up lacking but Matt's is easily the best place in town.  This place is a converted old Taco Bell.  They've made it up 50s Retro Chic and it works.  The breakfast portions are good and made with high quality eggs and pork products.  Tater tots for the kids are a big winner.  The coffee is tasty.  I like to hang out there and so does half of the Phoenix Police Department so don't show up if you have a warrant out for your arrest.
2	My daughter and granddaughter drove into Phoenix from Maricopa; my pregnant daughter was in the mood for breakfast, and had been wanting to try Over Easy.  It was pretty busy and looked cute, so we thought we were going to really enjoy it - we didn't.  We ordered a fruit plate from the children's menu for my granddaughter (who is almost two).  It consisted of a couple pices of banana, a few grapes - okay so far - but the other items, Granny Smith apple slices and grapefruit, seemed like odd choices of fruit for a child's palate - Violet agreed.     My daughter's blueberry pancakes tasted sort of like they were made from a corn batter.  She said she wasn't expecting "johnny-cakes".  And the  blueberries were all in the middle of the pancakes, like they had been spooned onto the pancakes after they were already on the griddle instead of mixed into the batter.   My feta, spinach, tomato and garlic omelet was okay.  It would have been better if there had been more then a teaspoon of spinach and a teaspoon of feta, however.   I am a server myself, and my opinion of the service is that it was minimal at best.   Was it awful?  No.  Would we return? No
3	I'm going to have to join the ranks of "meh" on this one. I have previously steered clear of Over Easy because of all the negative reviews here, but today being Memorial Day Weekend, it was the only place that was open (we later saw that The Big Orange was open, but sorely lacking in parking spots), so we gave it a try. We were told 10-15 minutes from the host, and I was skeptical when I saw the packed dining area, but truly we only waited about 7. So a big thumbs up for hustling us in. The patio area, which appears to hold the majority of the tables, was the best part of the experience. Shady, cool, and comfortable, and effectively shielded from the ugliness of Indian School. Then we proceeded to wait...and wait...and wait for our food. Took forever! The waitress did mention that they were down one cook. Fortunately we weren't in a hurry and hubby and I got to spend some quality together. No biggie. Our waitress forgot my mint-lemonade for about 15 minutes, and when I got it, it was simultaneously too sweet and too watery. The coffee was fair, no complaints. The water was typical Phoenix...obviously not filtered.The food: I got the corned beef hash with two eggs sunny-side up and toast. Whoa baby, those eggs had barely touched the pan before they were spooned on to my plate! There was still a gelatinous coating of RAW floating on top of my liquid yolks, and I considered sending it back, but by then I was starving, Salmonella be damned. My corned beef hash was tasty but had several chunks of chewy gristle mixed in. Mmmmm...connective tissue....So this place gets points for ambience, but loses stars for food quality and price. I am willing to give it another try on a non-holiday weekend, because it's close to our house and we need a good brunch place.
4	We were in town and wanted to try some of the DDD recommended locations. We only came here because Matt's was so small and crowded. Glad we came by, It's not the best place in town. But we really enjoyed the wolfpack, service was very friendly. We had a good time.
2	I've been here twice... the first I wasn't impressed at all, nor was my wife or brother.  We all had different dishes.  I, the Chicken fried Steak, Wife the Chocolate chip Pancakes, and my brother the chicken fried chicken... we all shared the B&G.Before i lead into the food experience let me tell you about the wait.  Granted, it was Tuesday, the day after they aired on Diners , Dive In's and Dives (or so we were told).  We waited for 1o minutes before the Owner (slash) Host (slash) food runner (slash) Manager (slash) phone receptionist decides to take our name.. 5 of which he spent catching up with an old acquaintance. (yes, i could've used a "/" in lieu of "slash" but it makes for a better read)We're finally seated after 15 minutes.. (let me remind you we live n Phoenix.. it's 108 bloody degrees outside so 15mins is a long time).   I notice all 6 tables parallel to me are "plateless"..everyone looks hungry and anxious falsely romanticizing the wait with aspirations o well crafted dishesf .  The couple next to me exclaim how they've been waiting near FIFTY MINUTES for their food.  I also notice there are only 2 servers to an overcrowded,hot..yet well shaded patio.  I talk my wife out of leaving 3 times within a 30 minute period.. we even rock-paper-scissored for it... i lost.. but refused to leave.. why.. cuz i am a STUBBORN man.I gotta tell you.. I HATE bad business...It bugs the bajeezuz out of me. You (Mr owner) OBVIOUSLY KNOW when the show is airing.. how about preparing ahead of time.. hire a freaking Host for "whatever" an hour and splurge on a food runner... another server would be nice but heaven forbid..that 3.50 an hour plus tips might break you....maybe the economy isn't so bad and everyone in the Phoenix area IS employed and you can't find help. One more cook equals 3 would be good.  4 lonely hands not so bueno. The way I look at it... in the time it took to order, get served, and then the 3 minutes to eat they could have turned the tables twice with proper staff.. feeding trice as many people, MAYBE making people happy (but ya need better food for that) hence making you some more money... but hey.. that's just me. Stick to cheap ways, doesn't matter here in Phoenix... everyone gets away with mediocrity... no competition.  I don't care if the owner is nice and has swanky white glasses.. get real dude... I'd rather you run the place than serve me my food.  Service wide.. i thought the guy clearing off tables and setting up was "OFF THE CHAIN"... Mr. Johnny on the spot!!  I'm not joking people.. this guy was the only guy with a sense of urgency.  Give him a raise.. if it wasn;t for him people would be waiting an extra 10 minutes on top thier already wrongfully delayed seating time.The CF steak was  not bad but the gravy was less than average (clumpy and BLAND) therefore lessening the overall taste. The pancakes tasted as if were made from a generic box mix with some extra ingredients chocolate chips added.  Nothing special..ANYONE can make the same at home.The B&G.. well the biscuits were hard and oily.  The gravy.. again.. BLAND and clumpy.I had the tater tots.. honestly.. i think they are Orida frozen tater tots.Everything is served on small plated so it "looks" like a larger portion.  I'm not one for large portions anyways so no complaint there.  Overall.. the food looks appetizing from a distance.  Up close and personal - not so much.Another tip... how about staying open past 11:30... 1:30 sound better.  I could have discovered how much i don't like this place many months ago.. but i always managed to arrive just as they've stopped seating.
4	I was watching an episode of Diners, Drive-In's and Dives and had to drive down and see what this little place was all about.We came on July 4th-we had a small wait, no more than at any breakfast place on a weekend. We waited about 10-15 min for a table for 2.We sat on the outdoor patio-it was hot, but they had fans going and it's shaded..I had the ham and cheese omlette and my husband had the chicken fried steak. Both dishes were great. My omlette was well done, just like I love it (and I didn't even have to request it that way). My only complaint was the iced coffee I ordered was incredibly weak. It tasted like regular coffee sitting in a puddle of water.Aside from that...friendly service-nice sized portions, and charming atmosphere.We'll be back.
1	Oh man...where do I start? This had to be the worst dining experience of my life. We show up and it's a 25-minute wait for two. Okay, that's normal. But wait, you have to stand outside, and it was 109 degrees today. They had a canopy set up, gee thanks! But how about a glass of water while I wait? Not here! I'm so glad I had a little bit of iced tea left in my cup from AJ's this morning.So we get seated; get this, outside under an enclosed wooden canopy! Who does that to their patrons in Phoenix in the summer? They had misters, but they were nowhere near us. They had a fan mounted on the patio roof, but it blew right over the top of us and did no good. I think they sell portable evaporative coolers at Home Depot. That would have been nice!So I'm looking at the menu and trying to decide what I want to eat when I see the waitress bring out an order to a table near us. I'm a bacon freak and I love it extra crispy. The order she brought out had bacon and it was cooked to perfection! Things were starting to look up. When she set the small plate down in front of the little girl, I didn't think anything of it. It was an adequate portion...for a nine year old.  We'll return to this in a moment. So the waitress takes our order and I excuse myself to use the washroom and wash my hands. So I ask where the washroom is, thinking it's inside. I was politely told it was located in the back...As in, go outside, around the back, and there you'll see them. As I walk around the corner, I suddenly feel as if I'm entering a washroom at a grungy service station. The washrooms weren't clean, weren't air conditioned, and the urinal didn't flush. Can you see where this is going?So back to my seat, our order arrives, and guess what, it's the same size as what I had earlier thought was a kid's portion.  I'm so glad it was hot and I wasn't super hungry.So how was the food? Well, the eggs were runny, the hash browns were completely overdone on the outside, but still raw on the inside, and the bacon...well, let's just say that a couple of Band-Aids and that pig would be out wallerin' around in the mud again.I'll admit. I should have done a little research on my part before eating here, but I seriously doubt I'll go back. At least Denny's is consistent and has clean bathrooms.  I'll give the place one star because at least they had two cool photos of Marilyn Monroe in the Men's Room.
4	We were out in Phoenix over the weekend for my Graduation and I thought coming to OverEasy was a must since I saw it on Diners Drives & Dives. And I have to say, I'm happy we went before reading the reviews.Honestly, this place was great. We were there on a Saturday morning, around 930am. We had about a 30 minute wait and it was worth it. My boyfriend and I had the chicken fried steak and it was great. The slices of sausage in the gravy was really different but gave it a great taste. Unlike some of the reviews, our service was right on and they were all really helpful. I do agree that they need a little more shelter from the summer sun, but we stood by the misters waiting for our table and it was totally worth the wait... I would definitely go back
1	EWWWWW!!!!! Over Easy is absolutely disgusting.  Thinking about the food right now makes me want to puke.  I was in a party of 2 and the nasty food took about 30 minutes to come out.  The toast was your basic supermarket brand white bread and it was old and stale.  The omelet was a JOKE! It was burnt on the outside and under cooked in the middle.  I am not kidding that this was the worst omelet I have ever tasted.  The M&M pancakes were disgusting also.  I thought that the M&M pancakes would have mini M&Ms cooked inside the pancake but I was wrong.  The M&Ms were just doused on top of less than satisfactory pancakes.  The drinks may have been the worst part.  The strawberry lemonade with rosemary was very bitter and the flavors did not compliment one another very well.  We also got the iced coffee that was tasteless.  I cannot believe that Guy from the Food Network put this place on his show.  I have been to three other restaurants endorsed on his show and they have all been fantastic.  If you are looking for a good place to eat breakfast in Phoenix Matt's Big Breakfast is definitely the place to go.
2	It's been 4 days since my visit to Over Easy and I'm still trying to figure out why only half of this restaurant is indoors (w/ A/C).  Are people here really that accustomed to eating breakfast outdoors in a patio at 9am in 90+ degree heat?  Interesting.So I thought maybe the food was just so good that the heat didn't even phase you.  Unfortunately, that wasn't the case.  I ordered the Caramelized banana and pecan brioche French toast (since that's what I saw on Triple D), and I thought it was just okay - no WOW-factor.  My friend ordered the chicken fried steak (again, shown on DDD), and it definitely didn't taste as good as it looked.  The gravy was good, but the steak itself was tough.  My other friend had the best dish, The Over Easy - toasted brioche w/ spinach, egg, bacon (good bacon) and scallions.  It was flavorful and fresh-tasting.Though the food wasn't bad, it wasn't great either.  I had intended on going to Matt's Big Breakfast but chose Over Easy at the last second.  I later found out the wait at Matt's can be hours long.  That has to say something.The lesson here?  Always trust your gut instinct!  (Is that a mean thing to say?)
4	Went here for the first time today, and had a really good experience.  Staff was friendly, normal, helpful and nice to be around.  The restaurant itself is moderately spacious, with bar and table seating.  Food here was awesome!  Combined with the service, I will be back.I could tell that this place has a ton of regulars.  I liked that.  What a great gem.  The food was tasty, fresh and reliable.  Menu had a great selection of items, with a variety of choices and combinations.  Entirely breakfast, probably one of the more overlooked places in town.  Just finding this place now and love it.Amazing service, great menu.   Parking here is tight, but a staff member guided me in the lot to show me where to go and park.
3	OKAY..Ive now been here a few times.. location good.. but, Im not nuts over this place. I have to have poached eggs if Im splurging on breakfast.. sent them back once to have them poached, NOT overdone cooked.. The second time they came back over done, I just sucked it up and dealt with it.. hashbrowns were overdone.. but the coffee was awesome..and the pancakes on my friends plate, looked huge and yummy...IM just not a huge carb girl ! The place is packed pretty much every time I go and Ive waited every time:-) so its popular. AND I just cant sit on a patio in the summer! SO I wait for a indoor table.. Staff.. IDK she didnt seem to be overly concerned with my poached egg issue:-)
5	Wow, only 3 stars? I have to drop a big fiver on this place. This place rocked my socks right off. For realzies peeps.Initially, this place looks like a run down Taco Bell (surprise, surprise), but once inside it totally works. Unfortunately, it does maintain the same constraints of an old Run-to-the-Border place. This does make for long waits, but I tell you chillins that it is totes worth it. This is one of those places where the food is worth the wait. For the sake of nostalgia and the added weight of a yelp review, I ordered the chicken and waffles. I was not disappointed. The chicken was juicy and well cooked throughout, with a savory seasoned breading corralling all the flavor. The waffles were light and fluffy. You could tell it was all home made. The only knock was the homemade gravy wasn't my can of beans, but I can't be a hater if you liked it. All of this was topped off with fresh squeezed OJ. So peeps, I confirm the tastiness that is Over Easy. Enjoy. There is a reason to wake up early on Saturday....but not too early.
2	Add another "meh" to the list. We went on a Sunday morning, and despite the crowds loitering about, were able to sit immediately at the counter. The crowd was extremely see-and-be-seen, but then I guess it is next door to the (ugh) Vig in (ugh) Arcadia. The service was slow, the server pissy, the order wrong (without an apology), the coffee cup unrefilled. The food was okay, and while there were many tempting things on the menu, I can't say I'm dying to go back. I'll stick to the tried-and-true favorites (read: Harlow's).
3	We're new to the area and was really looking forward to trying this place after seeing it on Triple D (gotta love Guy's job). We got there about 11:30 on a Sat. morning. There was a crowd gathered under an umbrella waiting for a table. We felt lucky as the gal at the counter told us that she found us seating inside. Turns out inside there were a grand total of two tables and counter space. Our party of four ended up at the counter facing the open kitchen of a converted Taco Bell setting. Overall, the food is pretty average. Had the french toast and my husband had the brioche with bananas. Hash browns were pretty good. Kinda hard to enjoy the food with the heat coming from the kitchen and not being able to enjoy my company. Yeah next time I'd even rather go to IHOP. At least there I can sit indoors at a real table.
2	after disappointingly discovering that matt's big breakfast is closed on mondays (l-a-m-e), my girlfriend and i headed off to over easy to grab a hearty breakfast.we got there at 10:40 on a monday morning, and waited 15 minutes for a table. a group of business men, whom the hostess told us were the boss's "friends" barged in 10 minutes after us (before we were seated) and got seated before us. the whole time we were dining, we saw no interaction between the businessmen and any sort of "boss" in the establishment. and the whole time they were loud and obnoxious. i'd rather have sat next to a crying baby.onto the food! they were out of what my girlfriend wanted, the mexican egg dish, which the waitress should have notified us about before we spent 10 minutes deliberating on what we were going to order. so we went with the wolfpack dish and the eggs, bacon, hashbrowns, and sourdough bread dish, as well as a side of corned hash, and 2 iced coffees.the way they serve their iced coffee is unlike any i've ever had, and i wasn't THRILLED by it, but it wasn't the worst. a bit of mint and hint of caramel and really creamy. our entrees arrived on the smallest plates they had in the entire place, which made it a bitch to eat and i got food all over the table like a sloppy 3 year old. annoying. the corned beef hash was phenomenal, the best part of the whole meal. i can never find a place that cooks my scrambled eggs how i like them, and although these were a *little* on the overcooked side, at least they weren't undercooked and spongy like many places serve them. the bread was good, the hashbrowns good, and my girlfriend's wolf pack dish was ok as well. the bacon...yeah, it's smoked, and it tasted like it had been smoked with a coop of hens. very gamey, not my style whatsoever. and it wasn't extra crispy like i ordered it.the place is very small and it gets quite loud in there. i would NOT recommend this place if you're hungover. i don't think i'll be back due to the crammed-ness of the place, the strange menu (which i could only find like 3 things i actually wanted to eat here, they have some weird options), and the a-ok service.
4	Had to wait almost 30 minutes on a Sunday morning and got only a counter seat at Over Easy. That's okay, it was worth it. A friend and I split a omelet with smoked salmon, asparagus and spinach and chose home fries. The omelet was tasty but a tad too salty. I'm not sure if it was the salmon or too much salt in the egg. The home fries were tasty but next time, I want to try the tater tots. We also split Reeses Pieces pancakes. At first, all I saw was a smattering of Reeses candies on top of three pancakes. I was like "That's it?" But I turned one pancake over and was relieved to see there were candies in the batter. I know that was the least healthiest thing I could have ordered, but no other restaurant offers M&Ms or chocolate chips in pancakes. The pancakes were just right, the thickness of each cake with a soft inside. Love how they turned what was once a same-ol-same-ol fast food joint into a popular spot of home cooking. The staff seem friendly. While I was there, someone ordered the Big Easy of 12 eggs, 3/4 pound of bacon, home fries, etc. smothered in country gravy. That was one huge muthaf******. The whole staff came out to present it to the customer with the manager taking a picture, LOL. If one person finishes it in 30 min or less, it's free. I have no idea if they put a timer out there or what.Anyway, looks like there's a wait no matter when you go on the weekend. At least they have a canopy with some benches near by. I'd go here again as long as the wait is under half an hour.
4	I've been to Over Easy three times now, twice pre-DDD (and Yelp membership) and one post.  We had a family member in town and we met up for breakfast one Sunday morning with a medium sized group.  We weren't the first to arrive, and the first people arriving already had staked out a table for us, so no wait for us.  The first thing that I noticed was that the menu seemed a lot heartier than my first two visits (including something on the menu that appeared as if it was trying to be a challenge for Man V. Food).  While it doesn't bother me particularly that they expanded the menu, I didn't really see why they needed to change from the simple menu they had.  And no JPO coffee???  (Ok, so the coffee was probably still the same, but I still liked the whole 'JPO' part).  Anyways, I had the basic brioche french toast with a side of tater tots (big plus for having tots).  It was good, not spectacular.  The tots were ample, so I appreciated that.  Service was good.  It did seem to get a bit warm, but we were in the 'outdoor' section, so that was to be expected.  Probably closer to 3.5 stars, but this was my 3rd time there, and I would go back, so I'm rounding up to 4 stars...I think it was the tots that put them over the top.
1	Not good. Been waiting to try this place and so very disappointed. Cold under cooked bacon, just plain nasty spinach omlette, sad floppy un-browned home fries, did they open a green bag of "Simply Potatoes" and nuke them? And apparently we made a tragic mistake opting to eat inside, since it was hot on the patio. Employees yelling back and forth (not work, but goofing off-hey guys, it's small room with no acoustic merits-no need to yell), and one employee talking to her customer/friend at the counter so loudly about her drinking nites, that we could not hear each other, and heard way more about her personal habits than we cared to. Management must leave after the breakfast rush, or they don't care. Won't be back.
3	9/8First thing I noticed, as I walked through the vestibule and headed to a counter seat is that it is LOUD indoors, and it wasn't even half-full in there!  I hesitated to move outdoors as it was already past 10a and very hot, but I just couldn't relax at the counter.  Thank goodness I'd already checked out the menu online and pretty much decided what I wanted to try- the chicken-fried steak on a waffle. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8R_oemw4rNjJL6sd40O_oQ?select=MhktxOxPp_sKrzK6tJoR_Q#MhktxOxPp_sKrzK6tJoR_Q  I'd misread that the actual dishes were a $9 plate of fried chicken on a waffle and an $8 plate of chicken-fried steak, country gravy, egg, and choice of potato, but no worries as my server allowed the substitution and charged me $9 for a fried steak on a waffle.  I decided to brave the hellish heat over the hurtful deafening noise indoors and moved outside.  I must've looked pityful wilting out there that a kind young man asked if I'd like him to turn the misters on.  Patio-area is actually quite homely and invting, and I was pleasantly surprised that there were misters installed- for some reason I didn't think many people would welcome cooling condensation on their eggs.... My OE experience was starting to improve...While I enjoyed the flavors and textures of the steak and delicious waffle, I didn't think that the small amount warranted a high price tag. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8R_oemw4rNjJL6sd40O_oQ?select=L4kyavImBPIfIAdVmi1D_g#L4kyavImBPIfIAdVmi1D_g  I had to ask the server if the waffle was indeed that small.  I could see paying that price for two waffles and a steak...  After eating all the crumbs of my dish, I went ahead and ordered a chocolate waffle w/out the powdered sugar from the kids' menu.  I expected to see a chocolate-colored waffle, as I assumed that the homemade sauce was mixed into the batter, but no, it was the same malted waffle w/ homemade sauce drizzled with a heavy hand.  If you're like me who prefers the crunch, you might want to ask for the sauce on the side.  (A nice addition to the menu would be a chocolate waffle topped w/ vanilla bean ice cream and homemade sauce on top!)  Can't for the life of me think why I didn't take a photo of the chocolate waffle, so forgive me for its exclusion in the photo set.  Oh yes, the sauce is OK.
5	Ate breakfast here the other morning with family. This used to be ( old school) Taco Smell and it is amazing how the place looks now. Nice patio area outside with the misters cranked to 10, along with inside seating along with counter dining. The corned beef hash was on the small side, however very tasty! It came with a side of toast as well and two eggs made to order. My mom ordered and eggs, made to order and they forgot to tell her that it came topped with sour cream. The waitress was very cool, and remade her a freash order. She said that her's rocked. I will be back to try the rest of the menu. Also was told by the owner that they are opening up near the Ice den near McDowell Mtn Ranch.
3	I have been wanting to try this place since it opened, and I just finally got the chance last week.  And I was pretty unimpressed.  Maybe it was just that I had been building this place up for so long and had too high of expectations, or maybe it was the fact that we showed up for breakfast at 11 a.m. (30 minutes before they close) ... not sure, but I will not be returning any time soon.  It is not that I had a bad experience per se, but just that there are so many other great restaurants in the Valley that I will not be spending my eating-out money here! I tend to get really excited about homemade lemonades, and when I saw the mint lemonade, it kind of reminded me of Matt's honey lemonade which is so frickin delicious, I decided to give this stuff a whirl.  Bleh ... waaaay too sweet! Tasted like they dumped way too much simple syrup in or something and the mint was very overwhelming.  Stuck with my water from then on. To eat, I ordered the cheddar jalepeno biscuits with sausage gravy.  My food arrived cold and the biscuits were hard, but the gravy was pretty tasty, and I liked the fact that each biscuit had a piece of sausage on it, so I had some sausage in every bite. Given that they were closing soon, I didn't bother asking them to heat up my food.  My friend ordered the Wolfpack, which was eggs, cheese, and bacon sandwiched between hash browns.  His meal actually looked way better than mine, and it was steaming, so I'm assuming it was served at a better temperature than my meal. He ate most of his food with no complaints, so I think he enjoyed it, but he didn't have too many positive things to say either.  Service was OK - actually pretty slow considering we were one of about three tables there.  Ambiance was like a diner but not as cute as Matt's and didn't really fit for the upscale breakfast prices.  The patio was really nice, but they only had two small fans to cool it off, so that was not an option in the 106 degree weather. All in all, my friend and I both agreed as we walked off that while we thought our food was OK, we were in no hurry to return.
3	It is hard to screw up breakfast....and they don't...but they get three stars for lack of originality.  I , a very mediocre cook, can make most of what they can in my kitchen and pay a heck of a lot less for it.  Yes, the quantities are enormous (split your plate with a friend and you both will need wheel-barrels to get out of the place).  Cholesterol watchers....keep driving.  The food is so smothered in grease, you stay full for four hours after a visit.  We sat outside, nice...a bit hot and they weren't sportin the misters.  It will be nice in the next few months.  It is busy busy busy but they get you in and out in a hurry and we didn't wait more than five minutes for a table.  Maybe it's just me...I'm too gourmet...and picky about my Saturday brunches.  I had better waffles at Lo Los and will make the drive there next time I crave one.  This place is two minutes away, but I probably won't be going back.
2	Small portions displayed on small plates to give the illusion of more food. Not flattered.
3	I just went here with some friends and found they had a very wide selection of breakfast.  I had the Chicken Fried Chicken with a Waffle.  It was pretty good but they had a fairly limited selection of hot sauce to go on it.  Not nearly as good as Lo Lo's.    My kids had chocolate waffles and m&m pancakes... both looked pretty gross to me.  (Too sweet).   It was a nice morning to enjoy an out door breakfast.   They were crowded but I guess that was because they were on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives on a repeat last night.  They have a fairly small dining area in a building that was an older Taco Bell.   It was good but not worth dealing with the crowds from the resulting hype good.
4	I couldn't believe I had to wait for breakfast at 10 am on a Wednesday. I decided to stay and tough it out. I'm glad I did! I ended up ordering the wolfpack and I am embarrassed to say I ate the whole thing. It was huge and I was full the whole day. I couldn't even eat dinner! They put lots of yummy cheese on my eggs and the hash browns were crispy just the way I like them. My sister ordered the OE omelet and she said it was really good too. I was a fan of the food but I wasn't a fan of the wait. Also the seating arrangement here is too close for comfort they put a whole bunch of couples tables together and seat you next to strangers. Not my cup of tea.
1	I have been told this place is yummy by a couple of different people.  I have attempted to eat there twice and will not return.  First time I was taking a friend to the airport, she recommended it as close by and tasty.  It was about 5:45 am and they were closed not to open until 6:30am.  How can a place only serve breakfast and not be open until 6:30 on a weekday?Try number two, my boyfriend and I were up and about surprisingly early on a Saturday.  I work until 4 am and usually feel like breakfast at about 2pm.  Anyway it was like 12:30 and I decided to try this place again.  We walk up to the door only to be headed off by some hippy waitress who said they were closed. The sign she pointed at stated 12:30 as closing.  They were full with more people pulling into the lot.  I look at my watch and it is 12:34.  Closing time is closing time.  Please consider however that this is a bad economy and there was opportunity for quite a bit more business that day.  I didn't feel any better about the limited hours when the waitress said "well its lunchtime now, isn't it?"  Please tone down the perkiness of your observational skills.  Not everyone is a 9 to 5er or for that matter able to handle perkiness during daylight hours.  When these people decide to deliver or have more reasonable hours I will consider them again.  If you are breakfast only you need to be open by 5 or 5:30 on weekdays and not close until 3pm on Saturday and Sunday.
4	Good spot for a late breakfast.    Delicious entrees but a little short staffed on a late monday morning.   Probably had more to do with the onslaught of the stagemom/figureskating crowd next door at the ice den so I presume it was an "off" day for the staff.   Had the hamsteak with redeye gravy which was good.   The wife had an omelete which turned out delicious as well.   Solid breakfast joint and will return!
4	I'm a big fan of over easy. Slightly strange ambiance, I admit! It's a renovated old school taco bell that was turned into a brunch place with outside seating. Pros:Malted Waffle with cinnamon chocolate syrup is my favorite item and I don't even usually like waffles. Great mint lemonade Cons: Service can be slowLimited Parking
4	I am a HUGE fan of breakfast and this was one of the best I have had in the valley.I had the Wolfpack and was surprised at the size of the portion after reading on here about small portions! I could not finish the whole thing!The hash browns were perfect! Crispy on the outside and nice and tender on the inside.Hubby had the Chicken fried steak, the steak was  little tough and gristly but the batter was good with an unusual flavor and the gravy had large chunks of sausage and was very tasty.We ordered my 4 year old the eggs and sausage off of the kids menu and they came with a large portion of tater tots and toast. More than enough for our little guy, next time we will order a wolfpack and just share with him.We decided that we would definitely go again but just not in the summer since we don't enjoy sweating while we eat.
5	New Location at the Altell Ice Den in North Scottsdale is now open, bigger space the the 40th spot... Food still great. Also 18 degress the lunch and dinner joint they own is open next to it as well. I have not eaten their yet! Menu looks good.
2	Tried Over Easy today and thought that for a Saturday morning I would have to wait to get in. I did have to wait but was only 15 minutes.We we seated while the table was still being cleaned. The rag left the table wet and smelling of bleach. Oh yeah- and our nicely laminated menus were also stuck to the table as well. Nice start to Saturday morning breakfast.While there was a nice crowd, it was not too loud. I looked over the menu and there wasn't anything that stood out to me except the Over Easy Iced Coffee with cinnamon, cardamon, mint and condensed milk. Sounds great. Too long of title to order. Tastes like watered down burnt Denny's coffee. So much for that.We ordered: housemade corned beef hash + eggs, chicken fried steak + eggs and stack of their pancakes.The hash tasted like dog food. The pancakes were dry and might as well be advertised as day-old bread. I was thoroughly disappointed. Oh yeah and the one thing that kinda teed me off was that I asked the server about availability of their cinnamon rolls. She said she would check. It wasn't until I was walking out and saw a couple eating it did I realize that she never got back to me. Oh well. Trendy and sounds cool but I had better at Denny's.
5	To all of you Over- Easy haters. Get bent.  Honestly, if this place was so bad, why give it two stars instead of one? If you going to get all Office Space on somthin' , put your big-boy pants on and drop the friggen' hammer! Also don't write a review just because they were closed when you had a snack attack and it fizzed you.   This is A M E R I C A, not communist china  (YOU EAT EGG NOW!) the proprietors of this fine establishment can open and close as they see fit.And to finish, this place is the king, better than Matt's.  I like Matt's but it is Over Easy's bitch.  Squirell style.
4	Good, quality food.  Love the fact that I used to eat at that Taco Bell when I was little.
4	First of all, I'm completely amazed at people who complain about portion size.  When you go to a restaurant and order a meal, you are supposed to be ordering ONE portion.  Our country has gotten so used to seeing 5x portions on a plate that our gauge for an appropriate amount of food is WAY off!  And people wonder why we're (as a country) turning into a huge bunch of overweight complainers...Anyways...I love OverEasy.  We discovered it about a month before the Food Network special, and that certainly got the word out... so now we have to plan on getting there a little earlier if we want to avoid a wait.  Since we have a 3 year old, we try to avoid waiting at all costs!  Arriving before 8 seems to do the trick.We've always had great service on our 5+ visits, nothing to complain about.  On our first visit, my french toast with caramelized bananas had too much salt, and it was quickly and kindly taken care of by our waitress with many apologies.Some of my favorite items are the blueberry muffins with lemon curd - amazingly delicious, fried chicken with waffle,  omelets (which were so large that I took half of it home!), and the wolfpack (my husband's fave).  The only meal we've had that we didn't really love was the ham with red-eye gravy... not a fan of the gravy, but we hadn't had it before and didn't really know what taste to expect.Of course, I WISH they would be open 24/7 to suit my own personal schedule, but I understand that they are balancing the needs of their owners, employees, and maximizing their business during peak breakfast hours.  Definitely can't take away a star for that! All in all, I think Over Easy is a wonderful central breakfast spot... can't go wrong with the variety of delectable breakfast goodness here!***edited to 4 stars... clicked the wrong one! I'm a big fan, but there is definitely a bit of room for some improvements :)
4	What a great place to catch up with good friends.  Loved the atmosphere, and the food was good too.  Better if you have friends who will show up earlier than you do to get a table.  Best if you have friends who will pick up the whole tab.I recommend the Chilaquiles and the 3 Eggs Steak/Chilli.  My wife doesn't recommend the Corned Beef Hash Plate.  Yeowch!Merry Christmas everyone!
4	I heard that there are only two good Breakfast places in phoenix: Over Easy and Matts Big Breakfast.  I am a big fan of quality breakfast and am pretty picky about them.  This Over Easy location stops seating at about 11:30am.  Frankly, I think thats ridiculously early so i Inquired as to why.  I was told that they would stay open later, but as a part of their lease they have to close early because they share a parking lot with the neighbors.  Their Scottsdale location stays open later and the menu is exactly the same.  We got there around 10:45 on Saturday.  The wait for a table for 2 was about 30 min. They have a pot of coffee out, with a sign that says "help yourself to coffee while you wait, we will be happy to add it to your check."  Listen up.  If i am waiting to eat at your place, you can at least give me the coffee for free while i wait.  If im drinking coffee BEFORE i sit down.  There is a damn good chance that i will order a cup when i get to the table, just charge me for it then.  I was peeved by this.  Its coffee for gods sake.  Once we got our table, one of us ordered the Pecan Banana French Toast, the other got an Omelet.  The food was good, arrived quickly and the chef came around to several tables to see how everything was.  Contrary to what others said, the portions were average and were what we expected.  The service wasnt bad either.  The place was pretty crowded and they still managed to keep my coffee cup full and the food came out quickly.  I dont think there is really anything spectacular about this joint, the food was good, the menu was standard.  But its pretty good and we'll probably come back.
4	Love the Loretta sandwich.  Ask for it with an egg on top- gets all gooey and delicious.    They changed breads, though, and it's not as good.  Friendly staff, little or no wait (if you go at the right time), and good prices.Great coffee, hash browns, muffins, etc.
4	A perfectly good neighborhood breakfast spot that deserves local support.  There is nothing exotic or truly unique to the menu- standard breakfast fare- but everything is fresh, tasty,  well presented and of high quality.  Almost as good as Matt's and its insane small size and lengthy wait.
4	What a great place!  It definitely has a dive feel, but it is so cool too!  We waited 30 min on a sunday, but it was well worth the wait.  There were so many things on the menu I wanted to try so I went with basic: eggs, bacon and hash browns.  So good!  The bacon was really crispy, the hashbrowns just right.  I will definitely go back and try other stuff.
3	This is one of the new stable of eateries on the 40th that is getting a lot of buzz. It's right next door to The Vig, and is always busy on weekends, which is the only time I can make it in. I really enjoyed the atmosphere of the joint, with Formica tables and a retro, midwestern feeling to it. The only drawback for me was that the tables may be a little too close to each other, and if you are not totally thrilled with being a part of everyone's conversation, it may not be the spot on a *hungover* weekend AM. I had the Wolfpack, which is a layering of hash browns and scrambled eggs, with bacon throughout. Pretty good, but I was thinking at the time I could use a bit of salsa, or at least a stripe of Sriracha. Price-wise, it was a bit more than a Waffle House, but less than a Rita's Kitchen. So, that would be - two dollar signs... I also tried the Over Easy location at the Ice Den up on Bell Rd. Much more quiet when I was in there, but that might not have been a good thing. This is the better of the two, IMO.
1	Over Easy is just not very good. I was excited to add a new breakfast spot to my rotation, sadly this will not be one of them. Let me start by saying, I gave this place 2 chances. I always go back if I had bad service/food the first time, in case it was a fluke. 1st visit, we wait for 30 or so minutes (there were only 2 of us). We get seated at the counter, where we were promptly ignored. They were jamming busy, We finally flagged down someone after a good 10 minutes of watching people go past us. We order drinks and our food. I see a 4 top get seated well after us. Well after we ordered our food. Not only do they get their food wayyy before us, BUT THEY FINISHED EATING before our food ever came to us!!! Not cool, at all. 2nd time we go back, we get seated on the covered outside patio. I was worried it would be to hot, but they have fans and it does a good job of keeping it cooled down in the hot summers. This time, same freaken situation. People being served way after we had ordered/been seated. The hubs and I are always easy people to wait on. We are very easy going and understand how things go in restaurants as we have both worked in them before. I don't know who does the hiring or running of things over there, but WOW. Wont be going back here again. p.s. I guess i never spoke about the food. The 1st visit I ordered a waffle. since we sat at the bar, we could watch things being made. After the 3rd attempt of making my waffle, it was placed on a plate and sat under the warmer for a good 20 minutes or so. Which Had I known that was my waffle, I would have just walked back in the kitchen and grabbed it myself. The Husband ordered an omelet which should have been easy to make and have come up at the same time or near when my waffle did. No such luck. The second time I ordered their signature Over Easy dish...I thought I was going to black out, it was soooo soggy and so just flat out disgusting that I went home hungry :(
3	If you ever watch Foodnetwork's Diner's Drive In's and Dive's, you'll know that host Guy Fieri has been in the valley a few times showcasing local restaurants. His appearances and shows have taken successful eateries from popular to super stardom in one simple episode.Go to Over Easy anytime during peak weekend breakfast rush hours, and you'll more than likely have a hard time finding parking as well as a table. Early bird does get the worm, I had front row parking and sat immediately around 8am though on the way out there were probably about 10 people milling around waiting for a table.Chef owner Aaron May has built a reputation on well executed high quality eats and continues to do so, including a new second Over Easy location in the west valley. Aside from the free publicity on the triple D, Over Easy is legit with many delicious, comforting and sometimes outrageous breakfast plates.Housed in what used to be a Taco Bell, the place has been spruced up with bright yellow paint, an open kitchen and a spacious patio. Service is good and if you happen to sit on the inside, its kind of funny listening to one of the surly chefs smart off to the line cooks, not being a much of a morning person, I welcomed this.The morning beverage line-up is what you'd expect, though it's whats unexpected which draws my excitement. The deliciously tart Strawberry Lemonade with rosemary ($3) was a welcome surprise. If anything is going to wake you up, its going to be the drinks bright flavors with a wonderful rosemary finish. The Coffee ($2.25) for me was on the weak side, perhaps that's in part to my 2 shot a day espresso habit?Being dinner centric I decided to make one of the "griddles" a breakfast appetizer. Each tender syrupy fork full of the Caramelized Banana and Pecan Brioche French Toast ($7) was like biting into sweetened maple flavored clouds. The perfectly toasted crunchy pecans were a nice counterpoint to the warm chewy bananas.Over Easy isn't all great, the breakfast sammie, Loretta ($7) came out room temperature both times I had ordered it with the Swiss cheese being barely melted. Making up for this short coming, The Wolfpack ($8) is quite the breakfast love mound. 2 eggs anyway you like them, bacon and cheese all sandwiched between layers of crisp buttery hashbrowns. The eggs were ordered over easy as to enjoy the hot gooey yolks amongst the smokey bacon, deliciously filling.For those of you who like a contest, try ordering Big E's Pile-up ($30). Ready for this? A dozen eggs, 12 slices of cheese, 3/4 of a pound of bacon, and hashbrowns all covered in country gravy. Sound like a challenge? If you can finish it in 30 minutes or less, it's on the house! This seems like a challenge waiting for a true professional. Who knows, maybe they are priming the way for another television appearance, Man vs. Food anybody?
4	Went for breakfast this morning and wish I had gone before.  I had the smoked salmon scrambled eggs and they were terrific.  The portion sizes were huge and well worth the money.
3	02.06.10First Guy Fieri stop of the trip.  I was uber excited.The sign that says "immediate seating available" was lit.  I got more excited.  Then we got to the front and there's a 20 minute wait.  Fail.We finally sat down and ordered rather quickly.  I was very impressed by the waitress' memorization abilities.  Four girls, four different orders, no screw ups!Skip the over easy iced coffee [http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8R_oemw4rNjJL6sd40O_oQ?select=DRcQS3U0pmtHcqY6Zc89sA] unless you want to throw money down the drain.  I was pretty sold on the condensed milk, which I tasted none of.The over easy [http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8R_oemw4rNjJL6sd40O_oQ?select=0MzUIc2RG7fhoSWUZWsQsg] was pretty amazing.  Toasted brioche with sauteed spinach, fried egg, natural jus with bacon and scallions.  I love it when the egg yolk runs all over the plate and flavors the rest.Brioche french toast with powdered sugar [http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8R_oemw4rNjJL6sd40O_oQ?select=pTqJm4xH8-P3jMHjSs0YTQ].  Nothing out of the park spectacular, but a decent piece of bread.Skip the peanut butter and jelly french toast [http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8R_oemw4rNjJL6sd40O_oQ?select=B9ZFxdlGAxglX8F_bisMEw].  They actually ran out when we were there, and this was their last one.  It counts as a half order, but Marti L. got it for free.  Cholla!The omelets [http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8R_oemw4rNjJL6sd40O_oQ?select=3tlYcgH0q81PXep-GPUpvg] are not for the faint of heart.  These are huge, and comes with a heaping side of tater tots [insert Napoleon Dynomite joke here].Decent prices, good service, but food is hit or miss.
2	Ordered the chilaquiles. Had I read the meal description that said it had ranchero sauce (and not ancho chiles), I would have opted for something different. I love ranchero, but I like my chilaquiles a little more "authentic" and without processed yellow cheese on top (cotija would have been much better). I would have called the meal more like unflavorful migas rather than chilaquiles. My partner in crime got the chicken and waffle. I was a bit jealous and think I would have liked that choice better. She is a regular here.  The staff was great and the facility was fairly clean, even though I was greeted by a long black hair on my menu prior to ordering.I'll give it a second shot because it gets a lot of local hype and comes well recommended.
2	I went to this restaurant because I saw it on Triple D!! The place is small. Really small. Most of the seating is outside. I had the over easy and it was ok. There was just too much spinach. It overpowered the taste of the rest of it. I tried the house made protein bar and that was a little soft but good. My son had the wolfpack and loved it except that he had asked for extra crispy hash browns and they weren't.  Our biggest complaint was that the food was cold. In a place so small there really is no excuse unless it was just sitting there.....
2	Guy, I love you on 'Diners, Drive-ins and Dives' and all. But you rave about every place you go to. And you go to a lot of places. That makes you not very credible in my book.Since I already had breakfast at the hotel, I wanted something small to nibble on while the other girls ate. But then the PB&J french toast on the menu caught my eye. Mental image of thick toast with swirls of peanut butter and syrup-like jam with powdered sugar. I couldn't resist ordering!The server later informed me that they only have half an order of the french toast and asked whether I wanted a half order of something else. Since I wasn't hungry, I told her that the half order is fine. But at the same time I was wondering how on earth do they only have half an order. Did they run out of bread??One by one my friends' orders arrived. Big plates of hearty looking food. Then mine arrived, on a dinky plate. Sitting there in loneliness and despair. PB&J French Toast (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8R_oemw4rNjJL6sd40O_oQ?select=FTpZP-NSq5VuEXC_S73C6w): Are you friggin kidding me?! This is like a Smuckers Uncrustable! Not french toast! (http://uncrustableforschools.com/showimage.asp?fileid=2178) Angry! Was not tasty and didn't finish it. I made sure that I did not have to pay full price for this. Luckily, they took the whole item off the bill.Smoked Salmon & Mushroom Omelet (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8R_oemw4rNjJL6sd40O_oQ?select=7IF34zeAOIegxtukbZle-A): Huge! The tatertots were good. But unfortunately, the omelet itself was dry. The smoked salmon was overly salty.The Over Easy (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8R_oemw4rNjJL6sd40O_oQ?select=mngAq_ySH-uFP-GVVQdS_g): Their version of eggs florentine. Didn't try it, but looked good.Brioche French Toast (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8R_oemw4rNjJL6sd40O_oQ?select=gXPle1ZaQQgd8xSRZaFsew): If my french toast looked anything like that I would've been less pissed.Cool place. Nice staff. Mediocre food.
4	This is the place to eat breakfast food if you're looking for a hip, trendy restaurant in the Arcadia area.  It can get a little busy so I suggest coming during the transition time.  Your best bet is mid morning when the white hairs leave and the sun glass wearing twenty-somethings start arriving.The food is very good and definitely not fancy.  You're here to get your morning fill and feel cool at the same time.  Prices aren't bad and would be worth it for a little wait, but not worth it waiting for an extended amount of time.All in all if you're into cool breakfast joints this whould be on your list.
1	So, I went to Over Easy once before and it was "ok". Nothing great, they were super short handed, we got a free waffle because it took so long, the chicken fried steak and eggs were grissly but the gravy was good. But, I decided to give it another try. Huge mistake. We get there and the same staff problem..2 servers for the small, but very busy restaurant. My 2 friends each got the same thing, the Wolfpack. It was supposed to be eggs and chz layered between hashbrowns. I got the sirloin steak and eggs with carmalized onions. Their breakfast came out with sliced half cooked country potatoes-apparently they were out of hash browns?! How is that possible...they only serve breakfast and it was 10:30am. Mine came, it wasn't what I ordered. Fine, honest mistake, not a big deal...they went to remake it. Our server never once came over, not once, to apologize or to check to see if the food that did come was ok, which it wasn't. My breakfast came after my friends were done with what they could eat...This is the worst part. It was a plate of watery liuid gravy, grissly meat that looked like dog food, and the eggs were gooey. I took three bites of the eggs, I was starving, and couldnt eat anymore. Horrible. All three of us were still hungry when we left and frustrated as heck. They comped my breakfast... but not a chance Ill go back. I'd rather have Denny's or IHOP any day. I really think a lot of these crazy 4 and 5 star reviews are employees... no way this place was capable of 5 stars.
5	We returned for yet another delicious breakfast on Valentine's Day morning.  Our 3-year-old was in tow, so we were thankful to be seated immediately.  We have always been happy with the food, and today was no exception.  I wasn't terribly hungry, so I just had the blueberry muffins with lemon curd.  Is there a better combination?  Mmm!  The iced coffee with cardamom is a favorite of mine... but make SURE you like cardamom if you are going to order this drink... it is a very distinct, love-it-or-hate-it flavor, I think. The most amazing part of our visit was the service.  Unlike most restaurants, the service actually seemed to get BETTER because we had a little one with us.  We had every server, host, manager stopping by our table with extra tater-tots for the boy, chatting us up, just being generally awesome.  I never get tired of attentive service!  Thanks for a great start to our Valentine's Day!
3	Nothing to write home about.
3	I came to Over Easy feeling very excited and having very high expectations!  it was suggested by my boyfriend who saw the place being featured on the food network.. Considering that it was a Sunday morning, I didn't mind the 20-25 minute wait.  I figured that it will be all worth it!For my drink, I was torn between the lemonade with mint and the raspberry lemonade with rosemary so I asked to try both.  I chose the second one but didn't really end up liking it that much.  After a few sips I felt like the flavors didn't really blend too well.  The rosemary was overwhelming.  I took it home and took a while to finish the whole thing.  I drank water during breakfast instead.  I picked the house made corned beef hash which came with 2 eggs and a toasted sourdough.  Corned beef was fresh!! - out of the can!.. the best part of my meal was the egg made over easy!  and the bread was good but Matt's big breakfast sourdough bread is better.The bf ordered the chicken fried steak which came with a waffle.  He was just equally disappointed..  Service was good and the place was trendy (although tiny).  But other than the hype that was caused by Guy from food network, I don't think this place lives up to it.  Not really worth checking out, I'd rather go to Matt's.
4	The food at Over Easy is awesome.  We arrived about a minute after they were supposed to stop seating and they were very pleasant in letting us stay.  The hostess was super engaging and very open to letting us eat, all while advising us that they really were supposed to stop seating.   The server was very pleasant and warm, offering suggestions and never pushing us to leave.  (We did, however, leave when we became the last table in the restaurant.)The chicken and waffles is amazing and the orange juice is delicious...brought in from local groves.  The atmosphere is charming and relaxed.Expect a wait but the food is super worth it!
2	What a dissapointment when you see such an exciting menu, unable to make a choice then you are served frozen hashbrowns and low quality ingrediants.  The chicken fried steak was consumed by a porky/ smoke flavor. The service was friendly and charming but I can't get over the dissapointment in food quality.
4	Great breakfast spot.  Very good coffee, food is exceptional, and service is good and friendly.  Try to steak and eggs or the wolfpack.  Always a wait and closes fairly early on the weekends.  Get there before 11 and expect  a wait.
4	I'm not a big fan of breakfast places.  But Over Easy has opened my eyes.  My first trip was on a rainy day and got the chance to sit inside thankfully.  I had the Chilequiles.  If you've never had them before, I'd highly recommend trying them.  If you ask any of the staff, they'll tell you the same thing!  The staff was very attentive and we had a great time. I really enjoyed the open kitchen.  When you're sitting inside, you can see the kitchen right there.  As far as the place itself, it was small, not obnoxious, and felt very comfortable.  Probably would be best to avoid when it's raining, as the patio isn't completely covered.Overall, Over Easy over achieves.
5	Went here today Sunday about 8:50 and it was crowded but not to bad, about 1/2 hour wait. Im warning you now, dont ask how much longer after you put your name in if they told you how long when you checked in. About 10am is when it really got packed, just about when we got done. I ordered the chicken and waffles and i really liked it. I asked for some butter for my waffle because it didnt come with any and it made the dish perfect for me. The chicken had great flavor and when you take a bite with the waffle and butter and the syrup, heaven. I tried some bites without the butter and it wasnt even close to be the same for me. My grandma got some omellete and she gave me some because she knew she wouldnt finish it and i would order that also. The omelletes are pretty good size but my wifes dish, my sons and mine where not that much food especially for $9. We are use to getting enough food for 2 when you eat at breakfast places and slighty cheaper. Not complaining because it was good but be ready. There was 2 guys sitting next to use and trying to eat there 30 minute food challange. big ass egg plate with bacon and hash browns, they both only made thru about halfway.  I would definilty go back and get the same stuff. I also got a lemonade with mint and it was just right. My son really didnt like his reese's pancakes.Id like to go back and try some of this stuff ham steak w/ gravy, chicken fried steak w/ hashbrowns, bannana pecan caramel french toast
1	OverEasy?. . . NEVEREASY!, is more like it. Shared similar experience with those who rated this place one or two stars. Tried it twice, sat in uncomfortable bar stools and watched our food sit and get cold, showed up for brunch just to find out they close at 11:30 AM. Like I said, NEVEREASY, even better NEVERAGAIN!
4	This little dive breakfast joint is amazing. The prices are decent ranging from $7-12 per meal. They don't serve alcohol so don't go looking for a bloody mary or mimosa. The wait was only 10 minutes since I went at 9:30am. They close around noon or 1pm so go early. They had a shaded area and water for people who were waiting. The host was very nice and didn't need to call my name to be seated. The waitress was very attentive and the order prepared perfectly by the kitchen. My boyfriend ordered strawberry and cream waffles and I got the corned beef hash with a side a homemade hash browns. The food was amazing!!!! I highly recommend checking this place out if you're in the area. It's definitely worth the wait!!
4	I went back with my family that was in town to Over Easy for breakfast.  It was as great as it was the first time.  The service and food were both excellent.  I had the make your own omelet with smoked salmon, cheese, and peppers.  There was the perfect amount of everything in it.  I really enjoy this little breakfast place and my family did as well.  I will definitely be back again.
4	Breakfast here is good.  Also consistent.  It is a nice place to meet friends for breakfast and catch up.  The wait for a table can be either no wait or 30 minutes.  The signature breakfast is the wolfpack - eggs, hashbrowns, bacon and cheese - all in one stack.  It is really good - but I usually let the boyfriend order this and I order something smaller (like a half order of french toast).  Bacon is good - but can at times be a little greasy and not as crispy as I usually like.  The juices are always good.  Over a good breakfast place.
4	Over Easy has exactly what you want in a breakfast spot-great food, fast service and plenty of hot coffee. They are famous for the banana and pecan french toast, but my favorites are the corned beef hash and the Wolfpack.
4	Ate at the Ice Den location.  Ordered the signature "Over Easy" dish.   It really was flavorful and excellently prepared with toasted brioche, spinach, bacon, scallions and au jus topped with a fried egg.  The chef should have left the egg on the griddle a bit longer, per my order for no runny eggs, but otherwise, yummy!   Server started out a bit rough but got better as he warmed up.   Quiet Wednesday mid-morning, no wait and quick delivery of my entree.  Coffee only OK, a bit weak (typical for decaf but it doesn't have to be that way).
1	I do NOT get it!!!!  Breakfast is "our thing". We go out to breakfast pretty much EVERY weekend since we have a toddler, don't have access to a babysitter and don't get to go out to night-time, kid-unfriendly places. So again... I don't get it!We've tried to like this place. Went back a couple times thinking maybe it was a fluke, that we were just there on an off-day or something. And each time we go back, we're mad that we wasted our time waiting in their long line and that we spent our money on this sub-par food. I think if you're a breakfast place, you should at least do homemade potatoes... I'm pretty sure they use Ore-Ida's. One good thing I can say is that whoever wrote their menu did a good job of making things sound good and building them up, unfortunately though the food just doesn't cut it. I'd say skip it to anybody thinking of coming here! (BTW... BLEW MY MIND that Food Network Mag. called this the best breakfast in AZ!!! OK... who's paying off who at Food Network Mag?!?!)
1	WORST SERVICE IN HISTORY at the Scottsdale location. I love their food, but it is NOT WORTH the disrespect. Unprofessional, incompetent servers get my order wrong EVERY TIME I go there. I wasn't aware it was so hard to remember sausage over bacon. Ridiculous. When ANY customers walks in the door, they ignore them, and eventually get round to seating them or letting them KNOW THEY ARE CLOSED. Do NOT eat at Over Easy.
1	After reading all the rave reviews and seeing Over Easy on Food Network's DDD, I was eager to check this place out.  I decided that Mother's Day with my grandparents and mother would be a perfect day to do so.  I made sure we got there early enough to avoid the crowd.  There were about 6 empty tables (not busy at all) and we got sat immediately.  Unfortunately, we sat there for about 20 minutes while all the waitstaff completely ignored us. Had to finally ask a busboy to find out who our server is. He said he wasn't sure. The lady who sat us said to the busboy she didn't know who was our server either (not sure if she was the co-owner or manager or whatnot). She had to practically beg for someone to take the table. Its a SMALL place, so I heard the lady loud and clear. I got up and left after that, taking my family with me. Over Easy = Over FAIL!
3	So my family was in town for the weekend and of course there are only a few things to do in Phoenix shop, drink, and eat. In addition to that the family had done their Food Network research looking for recommendations Over Easy being one of them. Now I have to admit two things:1. I am not a huge breakfast person....well not really a breakfast person at all. 2. Despite that I had been eager to try Over Easy due to the FN hype and its crowd every weekend. Now to the food. I ordered the corn beef hash...I love my hash...with toast and coffee. It was a good portion with flavor and I was pretty happy with it. The rest of the group got the banana French toast and waffle. Both were pleased but not blown away. In the end Over Easy gets 3 stars due to something that's probably not their fault, over hype. The food was decent but nothing crazy. The atmosphere is what killed it in my book. There was no AC. We sat outside in 110 degree heat...not pleasant. The service was slow and just overall not impressed. Even though I am not a breakfast guy if I am in that part of the town again looking for something to eat I am heading to LGO...
4	Plain and simple, the best waffle in Phoenix. No, it's not a Belgian waffle, it's the thin and crispy type. Always busy on weekend mornings, so arrive early or expect to wait to be seated if you have more than two in your party. Other items are good as well, but I always order the same. Waffle & Bacon, loaded up with their ball of butter and maple syrup.
2	Breakfast is easy. As far as restaurants are concerned, it's something that's very hard to screw up. Menu creation can't be all that difficult because of the classic meat + egg + potato + bread formula we've all come to expect. I'm not here to write to say Over Easy screwed up, but they were on the verge of coming close.I had been wanting to try Over Easy for about a  year now, partly because of all the media attention is has received locally as well as nationally. I'm always up for an alternative to the national chain pancake houses I grew up eating at. For this reason and the classic breakfast formula being so hackneyed and often trite, I am often inclined to avoid that part of the men, unless [the restaurateurs] try something a little different with it.  Over Easy showed promise with a little dish they call "The Wolfpack". Upon more objective observation, the dish is just a mild variation on an old classic with more starch, luring you into a false sense of hedonistic pleasure, but really just filling your belly with potato.Being my first time here, and looking to enjoy a good hearty breakfast, I decided to play it relatively safe and ordered The Hopple Popple. Chunks of salami, potato, cheese and egg scrambled together with bell peppers for color and for texture and served with a side of toast. It's another variation on an old classic and probably not unlike something I'd make at home, so I decided to try it.  It's description reminded me of something I had ordered at Matt's Big Breakfast not too long ago, so why not.My first thought as my server placed my plate in front of me was "That's it?" Presentation left something to be desired and even though the atmosphere had a somewhat kitschy greasy spoon vibe to it, I wasn't all that impressed. The amount of salami was substantial, but the chunks were so big, they appeared sparse in the monochromatic assembly of ingredients that lay before me. It may sound silly, but a small bit of parsley or a sprig of rosemary as garnish would have probably classed up the plate a little.My wife tried the Chicken Fried Steak, an old classic I am always drawn to, especially at independents because it really gives them a chance to shine. Any old restaurant can take a flash frozen fritter and drop it in the deep fryer, but it really takes something to bread your own steak. For that I give Over Easy kudos. For my daughter, the economic egg + potato + bread dish (add meat for $2 more) satisfied all nutritional requisites but was very basic in it's execution. The most interesting part of the whole meal was when the matriarch of the crew behind the counter shared with us their Tomato Jam, a salty sweet concoction that was equally good as a spread on toast as it was a dip for tater tots.  In all, I wasn't all that impressed, but the menu showed promise and perhaps next time I'll be a little more adventurous in my selection as long is isn't just thrown on the plate because going out isn't all about the food, it's the experience as well.
3	This place is ok. It's pretty small and they really crowd as many people in there as they possibly can which makes it a bit of a tight squeeze. It's pretty much diner food, but I had the blueberry pancakes and they were pretty good.
3	First of all, I used to go to the Taco Bell 10 years ago before going down the street to my high school math tutor. I am amazed with how they changed the building into a quaint, unique little local breakfast eatery. I went today with a friend of mine as breakfast isn't a usual meal that I go out for, but since I've been wanting to try the restaurant I made an effort to make it there before its early closing time of 11:30am. Being a graphic designer, everything about the place is simple and what I thought, delicious. I ordered an iced coffee, although I wish they would have had a Chai Tea on the menu, and the Loretta which is one of their breakfast sandwiches. Not to mention the sweet potato tatter tots as a side. Both were very delicious especially with adding the famous Chulula sauce on the sandwich and a bit of ketchup to the tots. I wish the bread on my sandwich was a bit more crispy so it wouldn't get soggy as quickly as it did, but the taste was great. If you are looking for a local Phoenix breakfast, for sure check out Over Easy. I would definitely go back, however the seating is mostly outdoors. Perhaps not a great spot during the hot Phoenix summer months, but I can definitely see myself there once it starts getting cooler out!I am sure this place gets pretty packed during the weekend. I would say going during the week during the later part of the morning will allow you to miss the high traffic. Speaking of traffic, the traffic noise is a bit much if you're outside. I, however, was able to tune it out for the most part. I think they should have put the patio more in the back, but such is life!
5	Delish food...love the banana pecan brioche french toast!  Yummy and inexpensive kids menu...my kids had the choc chip pancakes and they were incredible.  Nothing on the kids menu over $3.Not the best ambiance but true foodies go for the food!
4	My friends and I went to Over Easy for breakfast on Sunday. We had a friendly greeting and a brief wait. The majority of their restaurant is an enclosed outdoor patio. They had fans blasting, but we were in the mood for A/C so we sat inside. The waitress told us they are moving down the street in September so they'll have added space and a lunch menu. Our table got the half order of the caramel banana french toast as an appetizer - appetizers at breakfast? Why not? The dish was delicious! I couldn't have eaten a whole plate, but sharing it was perfect. The nuts, banana and caramel toppings were a great combo to top nice, thick slices of french toast. I ordered The Dolly sandwich - It was pretty basic (English muffin sandwich with scrambled egg, cheddar cheese, bacon, and tomato). I was in a simple mood, but I was a worried I'd pretty much just ordered an Egg McMuffin. It was definitely not a McMuffin. The english muffin was crispy, the eggs were fluffy, real melted cheddar cheese, and the bacon was crispy just as I requested. I got a side of sweet potato tater tots - why haven't I ever seen these before? What a great concept!   When in the area, I'd definitely have breakfast here again.
4	It's been about a year since we have been here, boy has it and it's going to change! Service was much better, a lot more customers, and they are going to move at a new location. No more outside in the patio. Everything is going to be inside now! Hopefully this move is going to make this place even better?
5	My review for over easy is seriously delinquent...but hey...better late than never right? I will start by saying that every time I come in to Over Easy I feel like part of the family. The staff, as well as the owners are always in a good mood, but at the same time no one is ever "fake-nice". Sometimes I come across a wait at the restaurant, however it never feels like the wait is long.I've had several different menu items, but my favorite is always the pancakes. I know, I know, simple but delicious!! I've never had a bad food experience here and thus every time I show up I know it's going to be good. Also, please note the coffee. I am a coffee-aholic, so good coffee in a joint is important to me and they definately have it. Always good, and always fresh. The restaurant itself is small, with only a few tables inside, a patio and the counter by the register. What I love about Over Easy is that its laid back. Over easy is not trying to be trendy or pretentious in any way. It's breakfast people, let's not make this too complicated before noon.
3	I absolutely love breakfast food.  But, I also love eating healthy.  Often times I forgo eating out for breakfast because I feel like I'll be blowing my diet.  I splurged on this particular day and decided to check out Over Easy. Let's start with the decor: yes, it's in an old taco bell, which is blatantly apparent when you walk inside.  It makes you smile because you can picture exactly how the taco bell was set up.  Except Over Easy went Over BOARD and painted the place canary yellow. Funny, I guess, but a little um...bright.The food: The menu was as you would imagine in a typical diner type place, all the food that would screw my diet, but I was able to find an omelet with spinach, tomato and feta cheese, and I had them make it with egg whites.  (No, I'm not an annoying customer...egg whites are an option on the menu!!)It was tasty, although definitely cooked in butter.  Oh well, fat is flavor, and after all, I was splurging :)The staff: The waitresses were all very nice, they must pool tips because we were helped by several girls throughout our meal.The only negatives I can point out are: the coffee seemed to be a little watered down, and at one time or another I saw every single staff member eating while working.  Not a huge deal, but I would have rather not seen it.  Also, the fact that they didn't have any creative healthy dishes.  I know, I'm in the minority here who doesn't love chicken fried steak and potatoes for breakfast, but I still would have appreciated a little extra effort on the healthy menu.All in all, a good experience, plus you're right next door to the Vig...where they always have specials during the day...brunch and booze, my 2 favorite things :)
4	Excellent.  I love having breakfast out and this place is exactly what a breakfast place should be as far as I'm concerned.  Quick, friendly and no-nonsense service.We both had omelets and they were big, hot and delicious.  Toast was perfect, as were the hash browns.  Coffee was hot and frequently refilled.Breakfast for 2 is about 20 bucks.  We'll be back.
3	I've been to visit Over Easy twice for breakfast. Both visits were on weekends and the place was full with about a 20-30 minute wait. I'm okay with waiting for a meal, and living in Arizona I am okay with waiting outside in the heat for a meal (I appreciate the water station). I am also okay with eating on the patio in the summer (as long as there are either fans or misters and some shade). On my most recent visit to Over Easy my friend and I didn't have tons of time to wait for indoor seating. So, when the greeter asked if we were okay with outside seating underth awning we said okay. The little place is quaint, but the enclosed patio simply needs more ventalation. I feel bad for the servers and wonder how much sweat they've dripped into food. Speaking of the food, I would say it is perfectly acceptable breakfast food. I had an omelet on my first visit and tried the eggs with mushrooms this visit. I LOVE mushrooms. I can't keep myself from eating them raw when I'm supposed to be cooking them, and I wind up tasting them at all phases of the cooking process. This dish had tons of mushrooms - so many I couldn't find my eggs underneath them. It was just sort of an unattracive murky mess of mushrooms. I could probably have gotten over how it looked if the flavors were impressive, but the flavor was rather uninteresting. My friend had the standard eggs-bacon-toast breakfast and felt very very okay about it. I've heard the restaurant is moving into a larger space so maybe I will give them another try when they're settled in to the new spot. Perhaps if I'm not so uncomfortable I will be less grumpy and the food will taste better - perhaps.
2	4 stars for the food and prices.  All of their food looks good and some stuff is pretty unique.  I had their homemade corned beef hash with some eggs and rye toast that never came.  My wife had the Pollo Loco omelet which was good as well.  Good stuff and reasonable prices.However, if you enjoy the following, Over Easy is probably the place for you.* a crappy parking situation* a 20 minute wait (which isn't that bad if the place is worth it)* being so crammed in that you are basically sitting on top of the people next to you* being ridiculously hot because they couldn't spring for more/better fans or an outdoor A/C thing (my fault for going in September but tons of people were standing in line to be crammed and hot so I thought I could stick it out)* bad service (god forbid they ask you if everything is ok, if you need anything else, or want a refill on anything but water)Oh and if my server is reading this, I am still waiting on my toast you said, "would be right out".
4	Maybe my favorite "Breakfast Place" in Phoenix.My general "rule of thumb" is to NOT give good or great ratings until I have been several times. I have been here so often that I have had many of the menu items, from the very simple to the unique and original and have seldom been disappointed. The exception is the Corned Beef Hash. A different take on that traditional, as are many of the "Specialties," but just NOT hearty enough for me and the portion, much unlike most everything else, was fairly skimpy.Bacon to die for, eggs always as requested, toast and hash browns are excellent and the service is always fast and courteous. That being said, I am not at all certain what other Reviewers experienced when they give this little place a less than stellar review.Never did for lunch, but Breakfast is a winner!
5	So my layover in Phoenix was three hours long (turned into six but that's a whole 'nother story...) Anyways, my cousin goes to ASU, so I called her up and had her get me for breakfast since I had a ton of time to kill.She takes me to this little tiny place called Over Easy. Yay, it looks cute. It also looks like (by looking at the building) it used to be a Taco Bell back in the day. Ah oh!WHO KNEW THERE WAS GOOD FOOD IN ARIZONA!? I actually liked the 'Over Easy' entree that I got. Filled me up and while it wasn't gourmet or anything, it was the next best thing. Also, it's helpful to mention that there is nothing on the menu over 10.00 - nothing. All you ASU kids should eat here.Finally, the crappy thing about running a business in the middle of an Arizona desert is that you're sometimes gonna get some Arizona desert clientele. Let me just say that the service is amazing. EVEN THOUGH there were some genuine straight from the trailer park douchebags in there. Had to say it. I love you Over Easy.
3	I went there and thought it was perfectly fine.  Nothing out of the ordinary.  Friendly and hardworking servers, quickly made food, good eggs.  Just what I'd expect from an average diner.I'd like to try some of their more unique dishes and might add a star depending on how those turn out.
3	I came here because like most of the people here, saw it on Diners Drives & Dives.   The place is a pretty little restaurant and while I didn't get what I wanted, I ended up ordering some french toast and iced tea. Honestly, the place was OK at best.  For being on a TV show, I guess I expected more.  Maybe I didn't get the right thing? I don't know.  Id try it again but for the price, I might think again and go to 5 & Diner.
3	Had breakfast there Saturday morning.   The wait staff was super friendly and attentive.  Coffee was very good.  My problem is the ambience per se.  Never been a big fan of the "space" itself, when it was Jams before.  Like a parking garage that has been painted yellow.  Acoustics are horribly loud...and there weren't too many people when we were there.  If there were more kids....would be very loud.  The counter looks very uncomfortable.....its design doesn't allow for legroom...what is with that?  Owners were very present and hands on.  Staff seemed very happy.If you like the sort of cafeteria ambience....this is the place for you.
4	Never tried their old location, but their new one is quite the tasty.  I'm a fan of breakfasts, especially non-standard ones. I can get a Denver omelet any old fool place. I like places with unusual things to try.At OE I had the chilqi.. chillilo.. (quick Google lookup) chiliques! Yeah, those. Not sure why I can never spell that. It's like there always seems to be too many i's in there. Anyway, they were very tasty and very tangy. I'm not a'feared of the spices, so loved it.They were very busy, but the hostess ran down some of their signature dishes with me, and I'm looking forward to going back for some of their other dishes.  Sounds like it is a crazy place to get into if you go at peak hours.
4	Honestly, I haven't been to the new location yet but am looking forward to it since the last one was a little over crowded and hectic on the weekends, but the food made it worth it.The quality of the food is great and gives you that warm homey feel that I love when having breakfast out with great company.  The signature iced coffee was a delightful and refreshing treat and the hint of mint was a pleasant surprise in the mixture of cinnamon, cardamom, and milk.  He ordered a wolf pack and I ordered the corned beef hash and both were delicious.  You could tell that everything was made from scratch, fresh, and a la minute, which is just the way I like it!Definitely looking forward to going back and checking out the new location as well as enjoying a delectable breakfast.
4	I love the new location!  This breakfast beaut really shows up it's saucier competition (LGO) in the price category.  The menu isn't as fancy, leaning towards hearty takes on French toast and other classics like pancakes. The prices are better, almost reasonable...but slightly high keeping it from getting MY fifth star.
5	Best breakfast in the valley. The one downside is long long wait times, but the food is worth it! Friendly servers as well.
4	Loved the fried chicken and waffle dish.  The spice and the maple syrup really worked well together.  My wife's chilaquiles dish was excellent, also, and she also enjoyed their signature iced coffee drink.  Nice vibe in this place, too.
5	whoa!! this was a great treat.  i hear some buzz, i read some reviews....i tried it, and i loved it.  sunny on the inside.  over easy all around!  extra friendly staff, my waitress did a rhyme and dance when i ordered the wolfpack breakfast !  awesome.  i like to look for the "best bite" when i'm really enjoying a meal.  i thought one bite midway was unbeatable...  i was wrong cuz i said to my friend the last bite gave me slight chills and a pang along my jaw line.  all the best bites i could handle.  if you want extra crisp hash browns, this would be the place to get em.  whew!  i won't eat till tomorrow.  starch overload and satisfied till i get to go again!
3	Over Easy has gotten too big for its britches... They've jumped the shark!Just visited the new location and came to the conclusion that this place thinks its too good for their own customers.  The food is slightly above average, don't get me wrong, but it's nothing to rave about all things considered...The wait was over 30 minutes, which isn't a problem when you at least get a decent greeting from the restaurant owner.  Instead, he seemed more focused on churning cows in and out of the restaurant.  This theme continued,... Our server was sweating profusely -- sweat literally dropping off his chin as he took our order. After taking our order, he never checked on us again.  I then watched the old woman at the door absolutely bitch out a customer.  Now I have no idea what was said from the customer and maybe they deserved a good yelling at, but the customer was with her 6 year old daughter when the older woman who worked the front door demonstratively punched open the front glass door, screamed at the customer, got 2 inches from her face and pointed angrily at her until she and yer young daughter scurried off.  Then we overheard the older woman telling the owner what happened and the owner basically said "good for you" for screaming at the customer.  Just one of many examples of why this place isn't good enough to take your money, they think they are above the customer and we are just a number.  My farmer's omelet was just OK at best, slightly above room temperature but badly burnt on the edges.  My wife's chicken and waffles were average at best and she wished they chicken was crunchier and more flavorful.  They removed their cappuccino and espressos from the menu, though the coffee was excellent.Over Easy has gotten too damn big for their britches. This joint needs to go back to trying to offer decent customer service.
1	Don't bother with the new location - they've become too impressed with themselves!Was a frequent customer at the old location on 40th Street (old Taco Bell), so thought I'd try their new space at 48th St & Indian School in a grocery anchored center - BORING.  No personality and what's worse is it seemed that along with the change in location there's been a change in attitude.  We walked in and stood inside the door, tables were open - there were a couple of people ahead of us, just standing there and talking.  After about 3 or 4 minutes (generally, not a long time) except when you are being ignored.  Finally, one of the other waiting customers (I thought)  asked us, "Just you two?".  They were EMPLOYEES!!  Should have left then, but my prior positive experience with Over Easy gave me reason enough to stay for the food.  Not a smart decision.We sat down and were, again, ignored!  We did get water, but none of the servers came by to greet us, take an order, ask a question, anything until we stopped someone and asked them to find our server.  Finally put in an order, which of course, came out wrong.  Either the server didn't write the order correctly or the cooks can't read.  In any event, no one bothered to check if what they delivered was as ordered.They've lost the panache and the desire to impress their customers with good service and good food.  Won't be returning.  Too bad, good breakfast places are hard to find.
3	I don't live in the Valley, but do visit often for business. I've been wanting to try it the last 4 times I've been in town and finally made it in on New years eve. This time the wait was only 20 minutes, in the past it's been an hour or longer. The food was very good and I love the sweet potato tots! However, I was disappointed with the service. I don't know if they were short staffed, but I had to flag down our server for items that weren't brought out with the food that had been requested when we placed our order. We were never checked on until we were almost done eating. I will probably go back again as long as there isn't a wait...
5	So, so, so good.  I love this place. My only complaint is that Shane Doan was eating next to us and my wife was talking about how much she loves him the whole time. I got over it though, and will definitely be back.
4	I had no idea that Over Easy was hyped up from the Food Network before I came here to meet up with a friend from Uruguay that I hadn't seen in 3 years.  He had warned me that there might not be any seating when I arrive, but for a Monday brunch, there were tons of available seating.  The service was excellent, and we were checked on 3 times!  I think once was by the chef or owner.I ordered the Brioche French Toast for $6, which was light, fluffy and not overly sweet.  The presentation could use some work, but it all went down great.  The coffee was just okay.  The okay coffee is overpriced at $2.25, and I regret not trying the Over Easy Ice ("cold brewed coffee with cinnamon & cardamom, mixed with sweetened condensed milk & mint").  I wasn't reading the menu too carefully because I was too busy practicing my Spanish with my friend.I like that the serving sizes are not disgustingly huge and the prices reflect that appropriately.  I also appreciate that a half order of the French toast is an option for mixing and matching entrees.
2	They ruined it by moving...The new location is awful, I was literally shoved around by servers trying to get to my table. The wait outside was bad and then the wait to get served was even worse. Not worth the hassle any more. We will not be going back.
1	No wait on Tuesday at noon but you'd think the waitress was slammed judging by her bad attitude from the moment we sat down.  She rushed us and was wrong about how my food was prepared (which was really annoying since i had to remove the toppings from my sandwich), and seemed annoyed that I was even asking her a question.  She was so off-putting that we weren't even comfortable asking her for refills on our drinks (not that she ever came by to ask how we were doing). The other servers were nice and the manager (owner?) came to ask how we were, fortunately.The food was OK.  I got a Loretta sandwich (had to remove the peppers since I don't like them raw, which is what I asked the waitress about). Tried the brioche french toast and that was good.  My fiancee wasn't too excited about the corned beef hash, which is sad because he loves it.  He said it tasted canned with some added onion.Overall, I'd never go back.  Much better options in the neighborhood.
1	Had the "house made" corned beef hash n eggs. Tastes like canned with some grilled onions. Our waitress was not nice at all. She didnt seem to want to be bothered with our order or grabbing us refills or anything. Not much of a wait, but you would think they were slammed.  Plenty of better places to go around here. Will not go back.
4	Went here yesterday for the first time and loved it!  Food was yummy, staff was up beat and fun, service was fast and the place just has a lot of energy.  Just a breakfast place, so so much to choose from on the menu.  In a strip mall kind of hidden in plain sight.  I've heard that they are very busy on the weekends and I can see that.  We were there on a Thursday mid-morning and there was a steady stream of people.  We will be going again!
4	Perfect spot for a hangover... as long as you don't need food ASAP. A tiny restaurant (it used to be a Taco Bell), there is usually a hefty wait. The food is your typical greasy breakfast fare... pancakes, eggs and omlets but it's always good. Nothing great or 5-star worthy, but good. Big portions and some man-friendly creations such as the Wolf Pack which my husband loves. Not gonna lie, the Steak & Eggs looks pretty tasty.
4	Saw it on the food network and when I went to phx I had to try it! The food was really good and the service was awesome. Prices were pretty decent. My only gripe... the french toast was not hot. I can tell it would have tasted a LOT better (not that it was bad by any means) if it were hot vs. warm. I would and will try it again and hope its hot! If it were hot I would go 5 stars.... sorry guys!
4	Really liked this place! The only downside was the wait which they really cannot help because it is a bit small but you have to take that into consideration that stopping in is a risk if you do not want to wait. The staff is very friendly and I too loved the waffle and chicken with the hot sauce and maple syrup. Sounded bad but tasted awesome. They were really quick to warm up our coffee and the service remained top notch. many different items on the menu so I will be back to try more.
4	A good weekend breakfast can make or break my day so I'm happy that we weren't disappointed when we chose Over Easy as our Brunch Day spot a few weekends ago. Like any good yelper, I did my research and read the mixed reviews as well as OE's claim to fame via Guy Fieri's Food Network visit. And, again, like any good yelper, I decided to give it a try with an open mind - not expecting too much or too little - just a new experience that we hope we would end up enjoying.And enjoy we did. We had a late start that morning since guests were in town so we made it there about 12:30ish - kind of late for brunch, I know, but brekky food is good at any time of day so who cares, right? We did have to wait about 20 minutes because the place was busy and on the smaller side. No big deal because there is ample seating outdoors to wait and the hostess cheerfully checked on us twice to let us know how much longer it would be. Once seated we quickly perused the easy to read menu and made our choices. Our table of four was able to test the Chilaquiles, Chicken & Waffles, an omelet plate and, of course, the Food Network famous Waffle Dogs. If our amazingly cleaned off plates weren't a giveaway that the food was good then I don't know what else to say. Our only disappointment was that our server forgot to place our order for the Waffle Dogs which our table had hoped to share as our appetizer. We were able to remind him and they immediately cooked them up for us but by then we had already finished our meals so we had them pack the waffle dogs into a container to go. We enjoyed them at home a few hours later and they were delicious - I can only imagine how great they would have been nice and fresh!Fun food, cute decor and a nice location with ample parking makes OE a good go to choice for any future Brunch Days.
2	Over Easy, I thought we were friends.  I thought I could depend on you for a delicious breakfast, good service, and fun atmosphere.  Apparently, we are drifting apart, and need to start seeing other people.I took my mom out to breakfast with a $30 deal from a dining website.  I use coupons like this all of the time at many different places, and have never had an issue.  But this experience was just weird.  Since I had $30 to spend, and only 2 people eating, I knew I'd have to order a little something to go, so I didn't waste my money.  Unfortunately, after taking our breakfast order, our waiter immediately brought us our check - BEFORE our food came out.  Uhhh... what?  But I hadn't even finished ordering!   They acted like I was being weird when I asked them to please add a protein bar to-go, and re-ring the bill.  So strange. As for the atmosphere - I do NOT like the new place.  I feel like I am dining communally, because the tables are so freakin' close together.  Don't try and pack in so many tables that no one can enjoy the place and have their own space.  The food was okay.  The Mediterranean omelet was pretty bland, but the chiliquiles were good/average.  Our half-order of caramelized banana french toast was completely lack-luster.  It was drowning in a caramel-like sauce, but the sauce was lacking any real depth of flavor.  Pure maple syrup would have been a huge upgrade from their gooey mess.All-in-all, I'm just not sure what has happened since our many good times back at the 40th St. location.  There are way too many great breakfast spots in town for me to stuff myself, like a sardine, into Over Easy to eat mediocre food with poor service.  Sad.  I used to like you so much...
3	Looking to try a new breakfast place I found Over Easy here on Yelp. The first thing to know is that this place is small, I think they had 5 or 6 smallish booths and then two 4-person tables and two 2 person tables between the booths and the bar area, you can sit at the bar and enjoy breakfast though if you don't require back support.Onto the food, the menu has a pretty decent selection. Lots of different kinds of eggs, pretty much any way you want them. They also had food from the griddle available. I played it pretty safe with their 2 egg breakfast as I was a bit overwhelmed from all the choices. I ordered it with poached eggs, toast, bacon and hashbrowns. The eggs and toast were great, so where the hashbrowns but the bacon was way too crispy for my liking. All in all the food is pretty good, especially if you like really crisp bacon or a nice portion of hashbrowns.
4	Had breakfast here one morning because of the recommendation of the place on Fieri's show.  My friend had the french toast and I ordered the chicken fried steak.  The chicken fried steak was good but nothing out of the ordinary.  It was a bit salty for my taste though.  The food item to brag about is the sausage.  We split the sausages that were coated with waffle batter.  Now those were interesting.  However, I felt that the sausages all by itself was the best.  Portions were generous and I would definitely like to try this place again just for the sausages.
5	I went back to their new location and love it! The decor is fun and bright and the space is much better than their previous location. There's more space and yet the atmosphere is still warm.The food is delectable and comforting, which is exactly what I love about a good hearty breakfast.  Each dish of theirs has a unexpected touch that makes it unique to Over Easy and I can't help but feel as though they don't miss a beat.  All ingredients are fresh and the options for healthier meals are present as well if you're feeling as though you want something a little on the lighter side.  The pricing is reasonable and the portions are solid.I am so grateful for the new location in that it's a little less crowded and the service is always friendly, prompt, and warm.  I can't wait to go back for another weekend breakfast!
1	Man. This place was so disappointing. I was trying to think of a place to eat breakfast this morning, and this place popped into my head. I don't know why, I think I had heard of it from someone, but anyway, we were in the neighborhood so we went. That was the mistake. We waited outside for about 20 minutes, which wasn't so bad, considering this place was on tv and whatnot. We got seated over by the wall... really close to the people next to us. The place was loud and the person sitting next to me was yelling the whole time... did not stop. We were basically sitting at the same table as this person so that was annoying. Not the restaurant's fault though. So I ordered the chicken and waffles at the waiter's recommendation and the BF ordered pancakes and bacon. We both ordered coffee (2.25 for a cup of drip coffee?!?!?! how do they charge so much?). The coffee wasn't terrible, not great, but not bad, kind of metallic, also we didn't get a second refill on the coffee... cups stood empty. The waiter brought out a tiny thing of half and half but never refilled it (the coffee was much worse without cream). Our food came quickly. The chicken was a fried breast on top of a thin waffle. The chicken actually had decent flavor, but the waffle was completely tasteless, soggy, and detracted from the overall flavor of the food... useless calories.  So my food was not terrible... but not good by any means, and for 9$, it should have been good. The real reason for the one star was the BF's pancakes. WTF. These pancakes were terrible. They had no flavor and they were dry as could be. These pancakes were not as good as bisquick at home. They were not as good as the pancakes at mcdonalds. They were not as good as those frozen pancakes that you microwave. How did they make pancakes so bad? At a popular breakfast place no less. In addition, the syrup was in a squeeze bottle on the table... not heated up or anything. The syrup was flavorless as well... mrs. butterworth's is better. So gross. And the bacon (4$), was so small. 3 wimpy soggy slices that were not at all crispy. Then I got the bill. 25$. Wow. This place has some nerve charging that much for this poor excuse of a breakfast. Never again, I would go get a frozen breakfast from the grocery store before I would come get food here again.
2	I agree with Laura E, Over Easy is now just Meh!!! What's happened to Over Easy?  HELLO Mr Owners of OE, your service and food have changed since your move and it's not a good change...  We've watched the decline of this little "hole in da wall" breakfast joint that used to be one of the best places to go in the mornings ~ Pre Food Network and Triple D....I can see where your trying to accommodate more people in your new place but COME ON, I was elbowed twice while eating next to strangers beside us!  This is not a comfortable environment for dinning unless you want to get cozy and share your food with strangers...The service was very disappointing, blunderous, and left us wanting.  Our drinks were not maintained and when we had issue concerning our meal our server told us it would be a while before we could get another order of pancakes, without an apology. We had the chicken and waffles, which were ok ~ the chicken was nice and crisp but was a little over done. The waffle was flat and plain. We also had pancakes with sides of bacon and sausage. The pancakes were cold for some reason so we wanted to order some fresh but our server was not helpful. The bacon was very good as was the sausage.  We also had the Wolfpack, which was very good with two eggs, bacon and cheese between layers of crisp buttery hashbrownie goodness. Very filling but not something to order if your watching your carb in take. I hope you listen to the Yelpers and make some changes soon.  There are too many other places to dine for breakfast and lunch that are as good if not better than you now.  After all the Food Network foodies have tried your place for the first and last time ~ The Yelpers (regulars) want the old Over Easy service and quality of food back please.
3	This place was good, but thats about it.  I wouldn't say amazing, but it was a fun little experience and i'd like to go back when it's not so crowded.  I thought the decorations were sort of sloppy, a bunch of random baby animals stenciled on the wall-in spare, and random spots.  I didn't like how I was practically sitting on the people next to me because of how many tables they are trying to cram in that place.  I had a traditional eggs, sausage, and hash browns with toast-and for $7.50 I was highly disappointed in the portion. It was weeeeeak, nothing like a real diner would serve.  My man had the chicken fried steak he said was okay, he liked that it wasn't fried batter and a little chicken like most places you order from.  Our waitress was fast and friendly, so was service.
4	This was my second visit. 1st was good, this time it was great. Although in a strip mall, I really liked the new location. I had the lox scramble with sweet potato tots-just great. Our table also enjoyed chicken fried steak and bacon omelette.  Now my fav choice for breakfast.
2	After reading the Yelp reviews and growing a bit tired of our usual breakfast place selections, Over Easy seemed like a sure thing.  We arrived and found both the place and a parking spot with no problem.  Plus, we were early enough that we got seated right away.That's about all of the good stuff that happened.We were seated in the back, behind a large wall section (possible expansion of the kitchen area?  I'm not too sure) with dim lighting and one table next to us.  The servers kept forgetting that we were there, and getting refills on water was a bit of a pain.  Can't say much else for the service or ambiance, as they weren't really there much, and we were HIDDEN BEHIND A GIANT WALL (respectively).The food can best be described as "edible."  I tried the Wolfpack, which came with the most artificial-tasting bacon that I've ever eaten, and so much grease on the hash browns that it should have had its own mention on the menu.  My breakfast buddies got the pancakes (not fully cooked) and the banana pecan French toast (soggy and minuscule).  We all left feeling hungry, and proceeded to a nearby fast food place for added sustenance.  Also, the coffee was lousy.Sometimes, it's a better idea to stay in and make your own breakfast.  When it came to the experience at Over Easy, that's definitely what we should have done.
4	I love the food here and the customer service is great, plus the price is hard to beat.
3	Went here for breakfast today after seeing on the food network last night. The wait wasn't bad for a Sunday morning - about 10 minutes. I have to say that it was elbow to elbow seating as some have suggested. It was comfortable. We ordered three different things. 1. an omelete - which was no better or no worse than anywhere else - although the has browns were way overdone/overcooked. 1. breakfast burrito - this was actually pretty good. 3. their touted brioche carmelized french toast...This came out cold and if you're expecting anything like they present on TV, you'll be very disappointed. The carmel sauce was just a drizzle at the bottom of the dish, the bananas were just 4 of the smallest little banana circles i've ever seen and the pecans where just a spinkle of nut crumbs you'd find at the bottom of the jar of nuts. It didn't have a bad taste, just underwhelming if you expected what was advertised on TV...All in all, not a bad place for breakfast,but nothing to go out of the way for..
3	I felt like a little pig when I went to over Easy. I wanted to try everything. I ofdered the jalapeno cheddar biscuits with sausage gravy, the caramel pecan brioche french toast and a side of corned beef hash.The owner saw my confusion over the array of breakfast options and he helped me along. I told him I wanted to try the above items and he suggested I get half orders of everything.  What a great idea. That way I got to try all the favorites.Clearly the winner was the brioche french toast. Loved the caramel and pecans.  Just this entree alone is worth the re-visit. The brioche was toasted on the outside but still had a "fluffy" center. The caramel sauce was terrific and the pecans were crunchy. LOVED this.Next I had the jalapeno cheddar biscuits with sausage gravy. I did not care for the biscuits, they were kind of bland. I appreciated the huge chunks of sausage in the sausage gravy. I just wish it had more pepper, which was easy to remedy.The corned beef hash was homemade. I am used to a chunkier hash, the corned beef in this hash was ground. It still had a good taste.I will have to go back and try the waffle dogs and the cherry scones.
3	The food is good, the new location is not. There are too many tables packed into the space, and the wood bench seats on the wall are not comfy, and parking is still a pain. I understand trying to expand, I think you need more servers and fewer tables though, maybe get a hostess so some semblance of order can accommodate all of the new customers. I do hope it gets better soon.
4	A big thank you to Brad, who invited me to try Over-Easy out again after my lackluster experience a few weeks back.  I love to see Yelp reuniting restaurants and patrons, creating harmony in the food world, once again. Our service was about 1000x better on this visit.  Our server was thoughtful, attentive, and made sure that we were well taken care of.Our meals were delicious.  None of the average food that we found last time... perhaps due to an increased sense about their strengths.  Just stick to what they are best at, and you'll be a happy camper.  I ordered the chicken and waffle.  The waffle could have been a little crisper, but the flavor was perfect.  The chicken was expertly seasoned, and the combination was only elevated by a large splash of hot sauce and lots of maple syrup.  Of course, you must be a fan of the sweet/spicy/savory combination to appreciate this dish.  My friend had a breakfast burrito that looked delicious, but I was actually more impressed with the side dish of fruit.  No silly bowl of melon here - just bright, fresh berries.  Mmm!  Definitely an upgrade from typical fruit garnishes. I am still sad that there are so many tables, and a lack of defined space... but the improved food and service from my last visit definitely warrants a +2 star improvement.  Over Easy, we can still be friends :)
3	For some reason, Phoenix and Scottsdale are grossly lacking on breakfast joints. Can someone please explain this to me?They did a great job with Over Easy. The food is always good, as is the service.I like the Pollo Loco.
3	The banana pecan french toast was great - order a 1/2 order and split it with someone else for "breakfast desert"!Rest of the food was definitely better than ok, but dropped my review to 3 stars because restrooms weren't clean and had no hand soap -- where are employees washing their hands???
2	Well, as you know, they moved to a new location. Not for the better if you ask me.Service was rather disorganized & the staff was not to attentive. Empty coffee cups were on our table and we had to chase down the waitress to get more. The coffee itself was mediocre, and lukewarm. When the servers brought out food, they brought out orders one at a time, no serving trays? Tables are very crammed together, and due to no carpeting or anything that insulates, it can get VERY noisy. There was one point I could not even hear my friend sitting directly across from me. The food was alright, not bad, but really nothing spectacular. Maybe it is because they had just moved there, but the place seemed like it was thrown together with no real care - and thus no ambiance, not even a slightly comfortable feeling. Hopefully it will improve.
4	They won me over. I may be the only person on planet Earth that does not like the Chilaquiles. But I ordered them, and didn't like them. The owner, Brad, came to the table, simply said, "Different strokes for different folks. What else can I get you?" And the new order was promptly served. AWESOME, people!My 1st visit, when it was at the old location, was uninspiring. I was just not all that impressed. After giving it a 2nd try, I'm glad that I did. And since then, I've made a 3rd, 4th, 5th, and 6th subsequent visit. All of them equally pleasant and enjoyable.I do need to say that there is a hostess who is unable to modulate her voice, and when she calls people to their tables, renders all people within 10 feet deaf. And... When she called my name, she called the wrong name because she wasn't paying attention. After being yelled at 3 times asking me "Are you Joe? Are you Joe?" I waded my way through the noise, looked at the list, and politely informed her, "That doesn't say Joe." and smiled. What's the deal with that, you may be asking? The 45 minute wait would have been longer had I not been paying attention.That said, a must go. I'm a fan of Brad's and his staff, and service first, and the food second.
4	had breakfast march 4 -20-11 it was fantastic. had a great waitress .      fantastic food  I had chicken fried steak it was fantastic. great waffles. and omlets
4	I'm a big fan of food network. I've been excited to try this place for a little while now. The service quick and friendly. The atmosphere was nice enough for a small local joint. The thing about a place like this is that it's all about the food. I wouldn't say it s the greatest thing I've ever had, but it is much better than the chain restaurants. The food has the taste of homemade to it. The waffles and pancakes have a lightness to it that you can't seem to get in chain restaurants or from the supermarket. They have real maple syrup and the taste just can't be duplicated. The chicken that came with the chicken and waffles was not very seasoned, which I liked, but others may not if they are expecting a ton of flavor from it.Overall, I'd like to give it a 3.5 but will round up to a 4. I'd go again every once in a while but I wouldn't necessarily make it a regular.
5	I love the food network and glad I went to try Over Easy!!  My friend and I got the Waffle dog, Brioche french toast with bananas and walnuts, and Biscuits and gravy....and it was THE BEST Biscuits and gravy I've ever had!!!  The gravy had large chunks of meat, sausages and bacon in it!  It was very hearty and delicious!!  The Waffle dog was like a corndog, but better!  And it was served with a chili maple syrup... YUM!!  The brioche french toast w/ bananas and walnuts was another home run!!The place was very clean with a great server who was very attentive and offered great suggestions!  Overall experience was excellent!!  I can't wait to take another trip to Arizona to eat their food!
4	We came to AZ with the hope that we could come here after seeing it on tv on triple D. The food was good, my 1 year old loved the chocolate waffle, my hubby loved his French toast with caramelized  bananas and pecans.Our waitress was pretty good but she seemed to keep forgetting the table next to us. They sat down no long after us but only got their foods we were finishing up. That bothered me lot, so no 5 stars here.
3	I had a Dr. appointment early in the morning and I had to travel to downtown Phoenix. Afterwards, it was still pretty early, so I decided to try Over Easy. I saw this place on Diner's, Drive-In's and Dive's, but I didn't realize I was close by, until I saw it on my Yelp app (for Android-which isn't as good as the iPhone app-BOOO!). I popped in and had the (I don't remember what it's called), it was the Mexican one. It had strips of tortilla's and a sauce with an egg on top. The sauce was really good, but the entire dish was, overall, just average. It was the dish the server recommended, too. I'll probably stop by again if I'm in the area. This time, I'm having the Eggs Benedict. Person next to me had it, and it looked AMAZING!
3	So I finally tried over easy. No wait for seating at 1 pm on a Saturday which was nice. We tried a few things:Ice coffee- not as awesome as I hoped it would beSausage - greasy but yummyWaffle - a little burned. Just ok.Tater tots - fabulousDolly sandwich - basic but goodWe were not impressed with the decor and the prices seemed a tad bit high. However, we may come back to try the waffle dogs and the wolf pack, both of which we saw while eating and looked amazing.
2	I have to jump off the Over Easy bandwagon unfortunately. I have eaten there a few times now and it just occurred to me today that I never (and I mean never) have good service. I can make a good breakfast myself if need be and save some scratch.  I go out to eat for fresh hot food and great service. Today my friend and I received neither. Upon arrival we sat immediately since we arrived before 8. We were "greeted" by a server In about 1 min and asked if we were ready to order.  I stated we were not but drinks would be great.  We got our coffee within a few mins (which tasted fine). After that no sign of our server for 10 mins or so.  The table next to us was also looking to order from our MIA waitress.  She finally came over and took our order in a fast and courteous manner. The food arrived in about 15 mins but there was a problem......my friend's biscuits n gravy were barely room temperature.  After attempting to flag down the waitress for a few mins she walked by holding up her finger to let me know to wait min.  I don't know if she was being rude but it came across that way. After telling her the problem there was no apology and she walked away with his plate returning about 10 mins later with a hot plate of food. The food itself was good, but not great in any way. Our coffee cups went empty for long stretches of time and our waffle dogs had no crunch to them whatsoever.  After all that they give me the wrong bill which was about 5 bucks short of what we spent. After running my card they came back and asked for my card again and took about 15 mins to redo the bill and charge us 5 buck more. After the poor quality service I would figure they just let it slide since they made the mistake anyway and it was 5 bucks and not 20. I feel that there are many places that match the quality of the food at Over Easy and have much better service.  I will no longer eat there.
3	I've been here a couple times now and the first experience was good  so thought we'd give it a go again since I wanted to try the waffle dogs. Came in 11 on a weekday and not too busy. We were seated promptly, given some ice water, and then began the 15 minutes of trying to flag down a waiter. We were told our waiter would be with us soon. Finally, the other waiter just took our order and we were a little confused why the our waiter was MIA. Now we waited another 30 minutes for our food to arrive... I was ready to bail but felt too committed at this point. The table next us hadn't even received their food and they were there before us. We could see that people who had arrived after us had gotten there's and it was beyond frustrating. Luckily the food came out hot and was good. The waffle dogs were not really crispy but overall an indulgent treat. The Tammy egg white sandwich was great along with the sweet pot tots. The waiter was very apologetic and told us some excuses why service was so slow and bad, and that it wasn't normally this way. He was a nice guy in a bad situation so we understood. Management needs to step in a make sure that huge take out orders don't slow down service and the kitchen. We left full but disappointed . Also, the table next to us just got their food as we were leaving And had to send it back cause it was cold (they had the MIA clueless waiter).
1	Coming from Vancouver and after seeing it on triple D we were eager to try it but sadly they were closed :(. I don't mean closed for the day but closed for good. Everything was vacant. Weird that the website still lists them. Maybe a good time to change that.
4	if you want a breakfast place that is delicious and great for the family, great for.a nice.morning date or a great place for a recovery after a long night out this is the place to go...it used to be at 40th st and indian school but now its at indian school and 48th...they have delicious chicken and biscuits and gravy...its filling.and truly sticks to your stomach lol...it will leave u satisfied and so happy haha...you dont have to have something.super heavy like that you can have their malted waffle or french toast and i am.sure they even have very healthy options too...i just knw when i want a good satisfying breakfast i want comfort food and i am not worried qbout calories lol...but i cant eat eat it very often...to bad...this place is fun and a great place for the neighborhood...
2	I was late to try Over Easy, but clearly there was no harm in waiting.  The service is slow and the food mediocre.  Notwithstanding the hype, nothing special going on here.  I don't plan on returning.
3	So I really wanted to like this place.. it's cute, super-packed, and had some good looking and original menu items. It was just too busy and service was not as good as I hoped. I didn't get a coffee refill until I asked for the check. I ordered the Wolf Pack, which is two eggs sandwhiched between hashbrowns with bacon and cheese. My hashbrowns were a little undercooked, and I really don't like soggy hashbrowns. Other than that, it was delicious though. My friend ordered the brioched french toast. When she asked our waitress what 'brioched' meant, the waitress told us it was just normal french toast... that really did not impress me. My friend said it was absolutely delicious though, some of the best french toast she's ever had. I'll try this place again, since it's so close to home,  and its possible I just visited on an off day.  It's a tad dissapointing after visiting valley greats like Matt's Big Breakfast. Over-easy could be Arcadia's version of Matt's, with some work. Plan on waiting for at least 15-20 minutes, as this place is PACKED. I went there at 8:30 on a Saturday morning and it was totally full and there was already a wait!
5	Nice place! We made the made a mistake of going to the old location ( thanks to my boyfriends phone. He didn't believe mine.. Thank you Steve Jobs for my IPhone) Once we got to the restaurant it was nice and brright inside which I like in the morning. They have Cow umbrellas hanging from the ceiling. The place has an awesome vibe. I would and did spread the word of this nice find to another party in from LA that this place was here as an FYI.They night be slow on refills as stated but I would rather ask for my refill, which was pleasantly poured with a simple "yes and a smile" and have excellent CS! Great menu, had a hard time choosing. Both meals were delicious. My BF had this egg bennie over french toast under Spinach which he loved. I was traditional with eggs and bacon. An older gentleman went to each guest and asked how everything was assuming he was the owner! It was five star for me!! Great staff!!!!
5	This is a great place! They have bright yellow walls with pigs and paintings hanging on them. Good air conditioning. Cow umbrellas hanging from the ceiling and all are for sale! I had the over easy egg bennie toast, it was an egg over easy on top of fresh spinach with a toast underneath smothered in smooth gravy sauce with bacon slices around it. It was delicious and hit the spot! I even tried my boyfriends Chilequilles and they were SO good!! Just the right amount of cheese, egg, and tortillas with green tomatillo sauce.There was a guy walking around asking every customer if everything was OK and if they had a problem he would quickly resolve it, come to find out it was the owner, he even came to our table and with a big smile asked how everything was. We replied with a big "It's Excellent" as I stuffed food in my mouth.Great staff with excellent customer service, greeted you right away with a smile.
4	I went here with a friend on a Sunday at around 9:00 or 10:00 am since there was only 2 of us we only waited about 10 minutes. I ordered the wolf pack.... It was really good! The service was fast & friendly. The only thing I didn't like was they didn't serve coke products :( but other than that I really enjoyed the experience!
4	I thought this place was great, the eggs were cooked perfectly and hash browns were AWESOME since they were so crispy.  I am not the only one that must think so since the place was packed!  I enjoyed the coffee and service was great, it is a nice little cafe in the strip mall and I would go again.  I love a great breakfast.
4	A few weeks ago a friend sent me a text message of what looked like corndogs with powdered sugar on them. The caption read "You have to check this place out". Being a person that believes that any food you put on a stick must be delicious, I was intrigued and found out later that those were NOT corndogs, rather they were Waffle Dogs... a piece of sausage, dipped in waffle batter, and deep fried. SOLD!After a morning hike the hubs and I headed over to the Over Easy location on Indian School and we did wait about 20 minutes to be seated. The restaurant was full of people, always a good sign.We sat down, were greeted by a very busy, but friendly, server. We ordered the waffle dogs, the hubs got the 'wolf pack' and I ordered off the menu, just an egg, some tomatoes and toast. (Sadly, I am watching what I eat, and figured that the waffle dogs were more than enough to guilt me the rest of the day)The table behind us asked the same server what Over Easy was known for, and his answer "We are known for everything except for our healthy options". I laughed because the joint DOES have some great healthy options, including omelets, yogurt with granola, etc however those don't hold a candle to the incredibly creative and delicious options that the menu is filled with.Both of our orders were delicious, and we will definitely be back. If you haven't been to either location, I highly suggest you check it out. Local, fun, creative and delicious. Annie likes.
4	Over Easy doesn't have enough good vegetarian or vegan options.  Would it kill you restauranteurs to put ONE really good vegan thing on? That being said, they make some tasty food at reasonable (but not specifically cheap) prices.  My personal favorite: the Selena burrito.  This is a gigantic burrito that comes with whatever you want, but the base item is shredded hash browns.  I omit the meat and usually get tomatoes and onions added and I love it.  It is two meals.  The burritos come with a small cup of fruit, and wouldn't you know it, it's GOOD fruit!  Not the standard stingy fruit cup of watery, old melon slices with a few sad red grapes.  No way.  This fruit cup includes lots of fresh blueberries, blackberries, and strawberries alongside the typical sad fruit items (I hate melons and grapes).  Dang!  It's in the details and this one really impressed me.We ordered for work once and they were friendly and fast (if not slightly strained) with our 25-meal order.  There wasn't a single mistake in the food items or the bill.  A record?  Probably.
5	I would go here again in a heart beat.  The food is great, the staff is attentive and very helpful for newbies.
3	The one thing this place has going for it is the food. Which is lucky from them because they have a few strikes against them IMO.The boyfriend and I went there at around 11am on Sunday. I thought the crowd would have died down by then. Wrong! 25 min or so wait. Oh well. at least there are benches to wait on. Walking in I was struck by the lack of atmosphere. I had gone to their old location once and while this place is bigger, it lacks the character the other location had so that was a bummer.We got a table near the wall. This place is packed! The tables are very close together so if you want to have a private conversation you came to the wrong place. Also, they don't have any sound dampeners so it's very loud in there. The woman at the table next to us was practically yelling her conversation.But the saving grace was the food. It was really good. I had the brioche french toast with bananas and pecans and boyfriend had a breakfast burrito. My french toast was done perfectly and had a nice caramel syrup on it that wasn't too sweet. The burrito was big and had a good flavor as well. The eggs were nice and creamy.If only they could dampen the noise, this place would be awesome.Going there with a hangover would suck!  But I would totally go back for the food. Maybe I'll just have to bring earplugs.
1	I really did give this place a chance going back 6 times trying different things hoping to find something great..with each return I never found anything I would recommend.. But the most incredible thing was seeing the owner in line at safeway with a huge amount of packages of store brand lunch meat for sandwiches.. for the price they are charging for their food i never would have expected that.. Also I think he needs some new shoes crocs really in a restaurant and being the owner..Cmon Now! Never in a million years will i return here!
4	Amazing chicken fried steak.  You get a lot of food for a decent price.  Not a place where you can hang out for a while though.  All and all a great place to grab some grub!
2	I'm going to have to agree with Mb. F.  Although I've only given it two chances.  I mean really I shouldn't have to give a place chances.  If I'm not in love with it the first time, then it's not looking so hot.First time I tried one of their signature dishes the caramelized banana and pecan french toast.  Sorry it was completely toasted on the outside and soggy and eggy on the inside.  I'm not a picky person either, but that's kind of a turn off when your toast is not done... yet too done on the outside.  My husband had the Hopple Popple, which was fine.. it's just didn't stand out.  Then for my second chance, I had a hankering for chicken fried steak, which many have recommended.  The only thing it had going for it was the gravy.  I will give them that.  Otherwise, it was fine.. For me I would describe it as, middle of the road.. not great.. not terrible.. just not so hot that I'll be back.  Sorry.
1	Wow, as I was going through my reviews I found that someone had deleted my review for over easy..i thought they could not do that.. My whole review focused on the owner and how I saw him in line at safeway buying cheap store brand lunch meat huge packages of it..and how he wears shorts and crocs..i mean cmon buy some pants and real shoes..you have some pretty bad reviews.. Own up and stop buying safeway brand lunch meats..some og your most loyal customers have not returned..
2	My dining companions and I were visiting relatives in Arizona and found Over Easy on Yelp. I had been loading up on eggs and beef for the last few days so decided to have something lighter and healthier for breakfast. I ordered house-made granola and yogurt, with a side of fresh fruit.  One of my dining companions ordered the same and another ordered brioche French toast. The granola was nothing special--sweet and bland without fruit or nuts. Frankly, it has all the character of granola bought at a grocery store. The yogurt was vanilla flavored. The fresh fruit was lovely--strawberries and blackberries that were ripe and sweet. The brioche French toast was good but not great. Maybe we just ordered the wrong things, because at tables all around us, the big plates of yummy-looking traditional breakfast dishes kept coming.  I kept wishing that I had ordered the full-fat, full-calorie breakfast burrito or chicken-fried steak, because they looked delicious and the people who ordered them looked very happy. Coffee: Mediocre. Just like every place else we tried in Arizona, the coffee tasted like Folgers. I think it's simply how Arizonians prefer to drink their morning Joe. Go to Starbucks if you're craving a cup of delicious dark roast. Ambiance: Noisy, hipster with a youngish family crowd. Not too much screaming, though. Service: Mediocre. I had to go to the counter to ask for more coffee after our cups sat empty for at least 20 minutes. The manager was apologetic and said one of her wait staff had walked out that morning. But the service seems to be a consistent problem here based on other reviews. It was mobbed and there was not nearly enough staff to handle it. Bottom line: I'd try it again during non-rush hours, and would stick to the fully-loaded traditional breakfasts.
4	Tasty as always! Love the food!
4	The owners are wonderful and know their regulars and semi-regulars. They have more than just your average breakfast fare, but they have that too! They use a wonderful brioche, and I love that they offer a half order of french toast. They serve REAL maple syrup and serve decent coffee. My friend really digs the Wolfpack - come hungry!  What to try? the Waffle Dogs - they're big fat yummy sausages dipped in waffle batter served with real maple syrup and Cholulo hot sauce. Sounds weird, but tastes wonderful!  I also love their healthy choices - egg white omelets with your choice of ingredients. My only wish? That they offered a chorizo and egg burrito. Have kids? They have some GREAT kid-friendly choices with decent prices - chocolate chip pancakes anyone?Come early - there is always a wait on the weekends!
5	Everything was awesome. Well worth the wait! I loved the chicken fried steak. Coffee was tasty as well. Great kids menu.Will return again and again.
4	Went back to Over Easy yesterday for breakfast and it was just as good as I remembered.  The line wasn't very long as it was almost noon on a Saturday which I guess was more brunch but whatever I just woke up lol.  So I got my favorite which is waffle dogs and they were just as great as always.  There is a reason these were on best I ever ate.  The mix of waffle, breakfast sausage, syrup, and cholula just go so well together.  You would never look at those items and mix them but when you try it you will be hooked just like I am.
5	Rock solid food and service!   We came down from Sedona this morning before heading to the airport.  This was my second visit and first visit to the new location. I had the ham steak with red eye gravy and hashbrowns.  Almost licked the plate clean.  Gross, I know, but it is that good.  My husband had the wolfpack and loved that too.  Super attentive service. Folks, this is what it is all about, great food, great service at a very fair price.  I have not been for lunch, but would highly recommend for breakfast.
5	I found this old review I wrote on Urban Spoon, back in May 2010.  I figured I'd move it over here because I don't go to Urban Spoon anymore.We've gone to Over Easy several times and love it. We recently moved to Phoenix from Pittsburgh and were looking for a good breakfast place to go about once a month (we live in Glendale, so it's a hike to Over Easy!) The first time we came, we were out for the farmer's market and got rained out. We waited for a table on a rainy Saturday, and it was well worth it. I got the chilaquiles, which are so delicious, our girls got pancakes, eggs, bacon, the works, and I think my husband got hash.The next time we came back, we did so on a weekend again, and sat at the bar after a bit of a wait. Food was delicious, server remembered us (!!!) but we decided the next time we came we'd do so on a weekday.We came again, on a weekday this time, very little wait, ate like kings, had the same server, and things were good. My husband ordered chilaquiles on one of the later trips and loves them. He's tried ordering them in other restaurants and they haven't been as good, or just plain disappointing. I tell him that's what he gets for cheating on Over Easy!I want to try the cherry scones, protein bar, and other small tasty sounding things, but the journey to Overeasy from Glendale is a pretty long one, so I always end up ordering something big.
5	This is one of the best breakfast places in the Valley. The food is out of this world and the service is great. We showed up at 1:00 PM on the 4th of July. They close at 1:00 but they seated us anyway. I had met the owner over eighteen months ago. He remembered my name. The hash browns can't be beat. They are grilled to perfection on the outside. The chicken fried steak is smothered with sausage and bacon gravy. I would review the other food but I keep coming back for the chicken fried steak. Gotta try something else one day.
4	One of the top breakfast joints in the city. My only knock from 5 stars to 4 is the wait and lack of adequete seating while you wait. The food itself is awesome and the wait staff are always friendly and efficent. Love the iced coffee.
1	I'm tremendously disappointed with Over Easy. This is the type of breakfast dive (even featured on Diners, Drive-ins & Dives) that I'm usually in love with. I've heard such good things, but thanks to less than stellar food and underwhelming service, Over Easy feels like it's quality is under medium. With a free Tuesday morning and a $20 for $10 gift certificate from Local Dines (http://www.localdines.com/?ref=19485), my girlfriend and I decided to skip the usual eggs and/or cereal breakfast, and give Over Easy a try. My girlfriend ordered an omelet with chicken, peppers, mushrooms, and caramelized onions. First problem with the omelet; it wasn't an omelet. Omelets are supposed to be light, fluffy, and folded. This came out as just a big scramble. The next problem; they used raw onions instead of caramelized. She sent it back, and explained that she hates raw onions. When it came back, it was clearly obvious that the cook simply caramelized some onions and threw it in with the original omelet. So the raw onions she doesn't like were still in the alleged omelet. It also comes with potatoes on the side. The potatoes were pretty mushy, when they should have been crispy. She could've sent it back again, but what's the point? After just a couple bites, she gave up on it.She also had an Over Easy Ice coffee. There was nothing special about this specialty coffee. Tasted like Folgers with cream and cinnamon. No taste from the cardamom and mint that was supposed to be in there. I had the Selina. It's a breakfast burrito. Not bad, but not anything special. Again, the potatoes (which are inside the burrito) are mushy, so there is no texture to it. And none of the ingredients taste fresh, so it seemed like something I could've microwaved up from Fresh and Easy. We also had the 1/2 order of Caramelized banana & pecan brioche French toast. I was truly expecting something mind blowing, and it was anything but. While it kind of tasted like a bananas foster, it also tasted like it could've used another minute on the griddle. They had no problem taking the omelet off the check, but it took forever to get that check. We were also kind of surprised that a manager never came by to see how everything was after we sent food back. I left stuffed, but disappointed; my girlfriend left unhappy and hungry.The tables being right on top of each other don't really help. We could easily see and hear that the other couple sitting behind us was also having issues with the food and service. It also probably isn't a good thing that the people next to us could hear us talk about how disappointed we were. An open kitchen probably isn't the brightest idea, either. We could see quite a few obvious healthcode violations. With the Local Dines certificate, our total came to about $5 dollars with tip. That's pretty much the only way I'd recommend going to Over Easy.
4	My favorite meal of the day is breakfast, so I am VERY picky when it comes to satisfying my palate at breakfast cafes/ restaurants. Over easy did not disappoint!Everything is very delicious and the hosts are so kind and hospitable. If you come here, you must get the waffle dogs! Even though the waffle dogs seem like nothing, they are quite splendid!  you cannot be disappointed with any dish here.Although the wait to get in is about 15- 20 mins, the wait is worth it.The only reason this review is missing a star is cleanliness. Maybe its because I'm really picky when it comes to food and restaurant cleanliness, but the overall atmosphere has to be perfect to get 5 stars.
4	We order the waffle dogs as seen on Food Network's "the best thing I've ever ate" and it was not as delicious as we anticipated.  It was not as crispy as we would have liked. The waffle didn't appear to have been cooked to a nice crisp.We also had the 1/2 order of Caramelized banana & pecan brioche French toast and that was amazing!The best was the chicken fried steak.  OMG, it was SOOO good!  Nice and crispy on the outside and the sauce complimented the chicken fried steak very nicely.  I would highly recommend this dish.  I'll definitely be back for this dish.
4	I'm a sucker for breakfast places so I've been meaning to try Over Easy for a long time.  I finally went there this Sunday morning.  Although the place was packed, the wait was relatively short (~10 mins).  They sat us in a corner of the restaurant behind some sort of partition.  As my friend put it, "it's like sitting at the kids' table."  Our area, with 4 tables, is sort of separated from the rest of the restaurant.  Although a little strange, at least it was quieter.  They pack so many tables in the room that I think it may be a fire hazard. Either way, I ignored the thought of a flaming death and went on to enjoy my food.  The waffle dogs are actually very good.  It's not greasy at all.  The batter had good flavor and the sausage was not too salty or greasy.  The sauce brought just the right amount of sweetness.  Overall, a very balanced dish.  My friend's caramelized banana french toast looked awesome, while my corned beef hash with eggs was also very nicely done.  I would probably prefer a little more corned beef and a little less potato in the dish though.  Overall, I will be back for more breakfast goodness.
4	Tucked into a strip mall, the parking lot near the grocery store still has plenty of parking.  We came on a Monday morning so it wasn't really busy and we sat promptly.  Looking at the menu, I'm looking for unique specials and being a fan of hash browns, I went with the Wolfpack.  The food itself was nothing special.  Each individual element stands on its own - 2 eggs (I chose egg whites), bacon, cheese, and plenty of hash browns, but it was a filling meal.  I had the over easy ice so it was a nice cold coffee drink for the warm weather.  My friend had the crying pig omelette which seemed pretty good.  The decor was nice and staff was pretty nice.  Although our table was right next to another, I didn't feel like either of us were intruding upon each other.  Overall, a decent place and worth visiting again to try some of their other specialties.
3	Was looking for a good breakfast spot that we hadn't tried yet and made out way to Over Easy. We actually didn't have to wait at all, but the place was pretty full. The menu is full of traditional breakfast items and some unique ones like the malt waffles and waffle dogs. I went with the Wolf Pack, which was 2 eggs, bacon, cheese and covered in hash browns. It was okay, i probably wouldn't order it again. The hashbrowns were soft and definitely needed more time on the griddle. We also split a malted waffle that was one of the best waffles I've ever had, awesome! Wifey had this omelet with feta, spinach and tomatoes that was also very very good. The service was good as well. I also had an Over Easy Iced Coffee that was brewed with cinnamon, cardimom (sp) and mint that I thoroughly enjoyed. Overall good breakfast experience, but I can't excuse the soft hash browns.
5	Wow, incredible banana and pecan French toast, so light and fluffy. Only order the half order though, it's too sweet to eat the whole thing!
1	We drove from Avondale to the Arcadia location, waited over 20 minutes and were bumped when a 5 top a waitress knew came in and asked for her. We were fed some line about how they were on the list, left before their name was called and it's policy to seat people that do that ahead of those that were waiting at the restaurant.  The name she pointed to was a party of 4. Customer service is lacking. Every other restaurant i know of, and have worked for, has the policy that if you're not there when your name is called it is crossed off and you go to the end of the line. The food is good but we don't wait an hour to be treated like that.  We ended up leaving without being seated and going to Taylor's.
4	As many of the reviewers, I heard about Over Easy on Food Network's "Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives" and decided I needed to check this place out. I unfortunately was not greeted by the jolly chef I saw on TV, but I was greeted by what I presume to be the same breakfast dishes he inspired. It was an interestingly unique atmosphere with good service and great food! It was very busy and did take us a little while to be seated but my girlfriend and I eventually found our way inside and had a good experience.Keep singing,-Jerron
3	Can someone please tell me what's so wonderful about the food here, because I experienced a very average--and somewhat overcooked--omelet here.  My friend got the waffle and chicken for breakfast, and, again, I say, "meh."  I don't like heavy waffles, and the type they service is very thick and heavy.  The chicken?  It was just okay and nothing special.Am I missing something here I should be tasting or is this a case of the King has no clothes on?I can say, however, that I had an excellent guy for a server and the owner seemed mighty sweet to everyone...always a plus.I'd go back, but I'm not expecting all that much.
2	(I posted this for 'wifey' as she is not a current Yelper.) My girlfriend & I went to your restaurant today for breakfast.  The food was very good.  I had some issues with the help. The older petite gal was very nice but if you are going to charge $2.50 for coffee, how about more than 1 refill?  And my friend & I wanted to split our meals and asked for another plate.  The tall slender young guy said OK and then proceeded to go to the counter & count some money.  When my friend finally went up to the counter & asked again for the plate he said just a minute and finally a few minutes later gave her the extra plate.  It would have been nice to have a hot meal.  I'll never go back...
5	This may be the best breakfast place I have ever been to. The biscuits and gravy is to die for. Its has this crazy chowder taste, that is so different, but unbelievable. The buiscuits have jalepenos, which are so good. The fried egg sandwich with sausage is amazing as well. I really dont know how they do it, but it is truly amazing.
1	Food was not good!  I wish I had read some of the reviews before taking my friends there.  We went in for breakfast with 2 other couples based on Guy Fieri's review.  Each of us ordered something different and were very disappointed. The eggs were extra small and over cooked, hash browns were mushy, omelets were burnt on the edges, ham steak was tough and the red eye gravy was about one teaspoonful on the plate. The corned beef hash wasn't any better than Libby's out of the can.  We don't plan to eat here again.  I guess when you know Guy Fieri is coming in you make the food look better and probably taste better.Too bad!
4	The food here is so so good. The waffle dogs are my absolute fave.The staff is super friendly, and even though theres always a wait, its so worth it.Sit at the counter if you can.
3	As many others, I came seeking the famed Caramelized banana and pecan brioche French toast. When I saw it on the Food Network show, it looked amazingly delicious!!   When I saw it on my plate, it resembled something that came out of a sick babys diaper.  The caramel sauce both smelled and tasted burned, it seemed that the bananas were cooked in with the sauce, but the pecans did seem to be in bite size pieces.My mother opted for the Chilaquiles- a mixture of tortillas, ranchero sauce chicken, sour cream &cheese served with 1 egg..any style***** Pure Deliciousness!!!!!!!!!! I sent back my mess of a plate for a half plate of plain ol' french toast and proceeded to take over her food!  If you go, get the Chilaquiles!!!!  You will not be disappointed!! Steer clear of the banana pecan french toast!!
2	After watching Tool Fiery's review on triple d a couple of time, we finally tried it. Looked better on t.v. We left over easy with an un-easy feeling in our stomach and wallet. $3.00 for a shot of o.j. Come on man.
4	I went to this place this morning (Saturday) around 9:30am w/ a few of my friends. This place was really busy, people waiting outside (10+ people) consistently. (Always a good sign to a great food joint). So I put my name in at the door and we waited 25 or so to be seated. No problem. The people were all in good moods and atmosphere outside was really nice. (They had a few cement benches outside for those who wanted to sit--only wish they had misters!) So when they called your name, they wouldn't just say "party of 3" or something they would say "Sarah...are you ready to eat!?!" It was kind of funny. We entered this small restaurant and the tables had a nice retro feel to them and it was really bright and sunny. On the walls were decorated w/ Disney art (Snow White being my favorite), the Simpson's and other fun characters. We sat down and were greated rather quickly, but within 2 mins they came back and asked if we were ready...we were like 'whoa!' we haven't even had a chance to review all the options (omlettes, egg sandwiches, french toast, chicken fried steak ,eggs of course, granola/yogurt..the list goes on...). So we made our decisions, and I ended up getting the "The Mile High - Ham & Bell pepper with diced onions and cheddar cheese" (subsititute - just egg whites) with wheat toast. My friend I believe got the Wolf Pack (eggs, hashbrowns, toast etc) and then my other friend got the Chilaquiles - a mixture of tortillas, ranchero sauce, chicken, sour cream  & cheddar cheese topped with one egg. All looked mighty delish. My omelette was so butter-delish and had all the right textures, and flavors you could want. The peppers added bold flavor without adding too many calories, the ham and cheese added just enough salt it make perfect. The toast was normal wheat toast, so not much 'wow' there. But complemented the omelette very nicely. I would highly recommend this place, I am definitely going back. Just leave plenty of time to wait. (As stated--this happens at any good breakfast spots on a Sat./Sun morning). But they seem to move people in and out rather quickly. Speaking of which....it appears my group of friends over stayed our welcome. After about an hour of us chatting girls, the waiter got a bit upset I think because he couldn't turn the table. I guess we should of been more courteous to the others outside waiting in the heat...but we just liked the atmosphere and company so much...we faltered. Please forgive us 'Over Easy' and when we come back...we'll try to not talk to much. :o)
4	Good:Waffle, Chilaquiles (mixture of tortillas, ranchero sauce, chicken, sour cream & cedar cheese topped w/ egg), house made granola, and Waffle Dogs. Also they made a mixture of maple syrup w/ Chalula to dip the waffle dog in which was surprisingly tasty. The chicken fried chicken with waffle hot sauce/syrup is worth a tasting, but Lola's is probably better. Definitely will go back.   Stray away from: 3 eggs w/ sirloin and caramelized onions Only reason I am giving them 4 stars is that the meals are kind of heavy.
4	Highly recommend the fried chicken waffle - it looks dry when it comes out but once you put some maple syrup and hot sauce on that baby, it totally comes alive and all the flavors blend together so well. Yummy!Also highly recommend the Over Easy cold coffee with cinnimon and mint, sweetened with condensed milk - very addicting, not too sweet and refreshing!
5	Epicly Awesome!  Great Food!  Awesome Staff!  I love this place!
4	Happy to have had some great brekkie at Over Easy.  My friends and I hopped on our bikes and rode to Over Easy.  We had a 20-25 minute wait when we arrived so we grabbed a coffee at the coffee shop, a couple of stores over.  The hostess was accurate with how long the wait would be.  The service was good.  Our server seemed quite serious but she caught our joy after a few minutes at our table.  Service was good and our food was great.  D had his eggs, over easy of course!  He also had the blueberry pancakes, which we all sampled and found to be dense.  I like my pancakes light and fluffy... these were not.  L had an omelette, that she described as "delicious".  You're able to create your own omelette, with 3 ingredients of your liking.  I was very tempted to create my own too but instead decided on The Mediterranean.  I loved my omelette, which had lots of flavor!  If you are not a fan of garlic, you will not be a fan of this particular omelette!  The hashbrowns were also very good.  I would absolutely order this meal again.Over Easy has a fun vibe and lots of great choices on their menu.  They also have a nice selection of healthy choices too.  I look forward to my next trip to Over Easy... I might get their fancy iced coffee with cinnamon & cardamom, sweetened condensed milk & mint. YUM!
1	Disaster. Victim of their own success. Great food, but should be avoided at all costs. Lousy, lousy service. How can scrambled eggs take an hour to cook?
2	My coworker and I came here after a busy nightshift. Overall the food was good (we both ordered the chicken fried steak) but the service was poor. The gentleman clearing tables was rude and told us they were "too busy" to allow us to sit on the empty corner table and made us squish in between other parties. After a crazy shift this is definitely not the place to unwind! Our waiter was not very attentive and my coworker was never offered a refill on her diet coke the whole time we were there. The food was alright, but nothing spectacular. I wish I would've tried the Pumpkin French Toast. I told myself I would get it next time....at this point I'm not sure if we will go so far out of our way again. There are better breakfast joints much closer.
2	I still visit once in a while, but have really lost my love of this place. The last time we visited we were seated around back towards the bathroom.. and then forgotten about. I had to go find someone to take our order, and they were surprised to see us.The time before that (and the time before that) I've had to wave to get someones attention while 4 or 5 employees hung out and chatted near the counter. The food isn't bad, but we've had over easy eggs show up cooked solid, a request for crispy bacon show up as soft and greasy. It's as if they aren't paying attention to details back in the kitchen either. We've narrowed down what we order to a few menu items that show up reliably.Go if you aren't in a rush and aren't too picky about having things cooked to order.
4	Excellent breakfast sitting at the counter. This was my first visit to Over Easy and I LOVED the corned-beef hash and eggs. My daughter had the chiliquiles with scrambled eggs and ate every bite.
2	We've been 3 times now, wanting to love it so badly but just cant. Each of the times I have been, at least one thing has been overcooked. Today my brioche toast was burnt and my husbands omelet was brown on the bottom. Ironically my omelet was really good! Waited for a while for only one refill on the coffee which costs $2.25 a cup.Our server was pleasant, the best Ive had there. She was a petite older woman.Its okay to go in a pinch but not worth the wait if you get there during peak times. We went at 7:30 in the morning and there was hardly anyone there. Definitely liked the feel of the original location better.
4	I really do just love this place...from the very first time I set foot. Unfortunately, the first time I came here, my friend and I waited for about 2 hours, but it was well worth it. I came here after watching Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives and knew I was going to order the caramelized banana and pecan brioche French toast. How was it? Ummm...absolutely divine!!! The second time I came here, (LoL) I decided I didn't want to wait and I arrived at 6:40am. Yup, I learned my lesson the first time. FYI: These days were during the weekend...so they have a tendency to be more crowded.I recently went back here to bring some friends for breakfast and as always the food was great. We got everything that was featured from Food Network. =o) I wasn't too sure about the waffle dogs after watching it from Best Thing I Ever Ate because it's just a sausage in waffle batter...that you can really compare to a corn dog. I was completely wrong! The waffle dogs were so perfect! The ratio of sausage to batter was great! It was just so tasty! To be perfectly honest, we ended up having to get another order after devouring our other plates. It's a definite MUST-TRY! The dipping sauce totally caught me off guard...I think I was just expecting something sweet, but boy was I in for a little shock! It's actually a mix of Cholula Hot Sauce and maple syrup. The after shock of something spicy was a little weird, but dip the waffle dog into the sauce and it's a perfect combination! I find myself just thinking about these waffle dogs and how easy it would be to just eat them as I drive to work. *drool* The next time I come, I might just have to order 2 or 3 orders just for me (I don't want to share). LoL!
5	One of the top breakfast spots in Phoenix.  Not as good as Matt's, but not as crowded either.
4	I like Over Easy. The former location had more charm but this one is bigger and you don't have to wait as much :)The food is great and the owners are wonderful and friendly. We just ate breakfast there. I got the 3 eggs over easy with mushrooms. The eggs were way too raw. I told the server about it and I asked to just get 2 eggs over easy instead of remaking the dish as the kid in the table was getting grumpy. That's what I ate for breakfast. The server didn't take it off the bill. I wouldn't say anything about it but I didn't get to eat the dish I wanted but still got to pay for it. Not cool.The Ppllo Loco is great ! Hopefully this is a one time issue and the owners are still on top of everything like they used to be.
3	I have to preface my comments with the fact that the service was a bit spotty on the day I went into Over Easy. My waiter explained that he's never seen it that busy at 10:30 on a Friday morning. I had to sit at the counter with my party of 4 which is less than ideal.As for the food, it was very good but not the best I've ever had for breakfast. My group started with the waffle dogs which is basically a corn dog with breakfast sausage inside. It was pretty good because it was very light but a little bland. The waiter mixed hot sauce and syrup together which took the whole dish up a notch.I chose the chicken fried steak which was extremely good, the batter was light and had a lot of flavor. My friends got the mediterrian omlet, a breakfast sandwichs. They seemed to enjoy what the got as well but like I said... no one was blown away. We've all had monents when breakfast can take it to the next level and this is a great place to get breakfast but it's not the be all end all.
4	While visiting a friend in Phoenix during Thanksgiving week, my dining companion and I sought out Over Easy.  I love me my breakfasts and I've heard they are exceptionally good.  Note:  This was on a Tuesday.I had the Chicken Fried Steak.  The breading was crispy and flavorful ... it tasted just like the well-seasoned breading on a piece of fried chicken.  On top of it was a dollop of white gravy.  I liked that it was not smothered in gravy as you see on so many chicken fried steaks you might get elsewhere.  And on top of that were my over-easy eggs, accompanied by the home fries on the side.My dining companion had the Brioche French Toast with caramelized bananas.  It was good, but when he tasted my Chicken Fried steak, he ordered one for himself and we shared the remaining French Toast between us.Now, this is where things get weird.  I was so enamored with the Chicken Fried Steak, we went back the next day (a Wednesday) and brought our host, a Phoenix resident, with us.  I ordered the Chicken Fried Steak again as did our host.  My companion tried the Fried Chicken & Waffles.To my surprise and disappointment, this time the breading was not crisp at all.  It was kind of mushy.  And the flavor?  There was none.  It was bland and lacked seasoning.  It was like day and night.However, in both instances, the service was friendly and prompt.  I'm still giving this place 4 stars based on my first experience.  I'm hoping that they just had a bad day on Wednesday.
2	Shufflin' ova to Ova Easy in Phoenix I was hungry going in, but left da place still hungry.  Ordered the corned beef hash with eggs.  It's better than the canned corn beef hash, but with the same consistency.  The corned beef is grounded up for the hash, I prefer it shredded (with larger beef pieces).  Definately had better corned beef.  Nothing special about the broiche either.  They don't have any eggs benedicts either, if you like that.  Minus 1 star for small portions, minus 1 star for dollar value, minus 1 star for nothing too creative or tasty about the food.  Service is okay.  Party rock is to have a good time, but this place left me losing my mind.  For breakfast, go to a Black Bear Restaurant if you're near one.  It's a much better value for breakfast.
2	Im not sure what all the hype is about.  I had food that im pretty sure I can make better at my house.  Food is okay. Would rather go to Butterfields.  Note there is no patio and I'm pretty sure my server was hungover.  The corned beef hash was from a can not house made.
3	My husband and I have been fans of following Guy's recommendations on Diners Drive ins and Dives.  So of course Over Easy was on our list when we went to Phoneix.  The food was decent, but nothing special to me.  Not at all what I was expecting.  However, the servers were friendly and quick to get us in.  So all in all, it wasn't a bad experience.
5	This really is as good as it gets for Bkfst outside your home here in Phx. LOVE their blueberry pancakes and of course the wolfpack (hash browns, eggs, bacon, cheese) so filling! Great service this morning. Looks like the menu has expanded since my last visit which was ages ago. Will be back soon.
3	We started going to Over Easy when they were on 40th st.  Why did they ever move?? We were at the new place once and that was enough.  The old place was quaint and the servers were great, very personable.  The new place is echoy(kids yelling and crying is magnified to another level) and impersonal.  I like the carmelized banana and pecan french toast.  The item I loved is no longer on the menu.  My husband likes the L.E.O.  Tried the Scottsdale location and the waitstaff give off an attitude.  Won't be back.
4	Fun place for breakfast.  Prices were reasonable and food was good.
1	I have never experienced such a rude staff! First, the wait was pretty long on the Sunday morning we visited this restaurant, as to be expected, so my sister decided to grab some coffee as we waited. When she asked a server if the restaurant could make caffe latte's, she was told she should go to Starbucks for those things. Interesting response. I then asked if we could add an additional chair to our table of five, and they looked at me as if I should leave because that might be too much work. I ended up finding my own chair when nobody was willing to help me. Last, to top things off, we actually watched the manager of the restaurant ask two women sitting at a table next to us to leave because he had people waiting outside to eat! They hadn't even finished their meals!! I will never return to such poor service and overrated food.
4	Sunday brunch is BUSY!  We waited 25 mins for a table for 5.  This is the new location.  The place is packed and LOUD inside.  We were seated in the back.  The table was a little sticky and the laminated menus were wet.  Our server greeted us immediately and took our drink orders.  The menu is simple and short, love it.  But I am with indecisive people.  The server had to come back twice before everyone decided on what to order.  I ordered the The Crying Pig omelet (Bacon, Sausage & Swiss cheese) and hash browns.  The omelet was a little over done on the edges but perfect in the middle.  The hash browns were good and greasy!  I ordered a 1/2 order of the french toast to share with other person.  The 1/2 piece I got tasted kind of burnt but the part that was not tasted great.  I am with Michael F. on this place 3 for the food and 4 for the service.  Overall 3.5 stars.
2	Service was very indifferent. I was able to see other waiters and waitresses that were more exuberant, but not ours. Then the manager asked the loaded question, "is everything wonderful???" strategic. Very. But everything was okay at best. I didn't feel like explaining how the bacon was overcooked in my dish, and my eggs were indeed NOT Over Easy. I should have said something.I imagine the original location is better. I'd give it a shot.
5	Over Easy was featured on Diners, Drive-in's, and Dives.I've been to Over Easy several times, and I never leave disappointed. Today I decided to order the Chicken Fried Steak and it was awesome.The Chicken Fried Steak is topped with country gravy and an egg cooked as you like it. It also comes with some great tasting hash browns on the side. The Country gravy has the perfect amount of spice to it, the egg was delicious, and the hash browns were cooked perfectly. Over Easy has one of the most extensive and unique breakfast menus that you will find and is one of the best breakfast joints that I've been to in the country.Great food, very reasonable prices, awesome selection, unique menu options, and friendly service gives Over Easy a well deserved five star rating.
5	Totally worth the hype! I ate the breakfast burro where you pick 3 things that you want inside and it was incredible. My fiance got the jalapeno biscuit/gravy thing which was also super rad. We will definitely be back.
1	The place is terrible. I don't understand why it is so crowded. The pancakes tasted like they came out of a box. My son's tatter tots were reheated frozen ones you can buy in a store. The granola tasted and looked like it came from Safeway next door. Save your money. You can make a better breakfast at home.
4	This is an absolute MUST at least once for breakfast in Phoenix.  My fiance and I went after seeing Over Easy on a rerun of Diners, Drive-ins and Dives yesterday.   We arrived about 12:20 so most of the rush was over although it was still busy and our wait to be seated was less than the 20 minutes predicted.  The service was expeditious and friendly.  The food came out in good time and  I can't say enough about the chicken fried steak and egg.  It was delicious and obviously made to order fresh. The batter had a nice spice on the end, it was crispy but moist and the gravy is a perfect compliment.  We will definitely go back for the chicken fried steak as well as to try some of the other yummy sounding meals on the menu.  I also enjoyed the fact that the owner/manager was walking around the tables on a regular basis and inquiring as to whether each person was satisfied with their meal.  We eat out at many different establishments and rarely see that kind of attention to the patrons.The only thing I could complain about is the annoying whining of the woman sitting next to me who was obviously one of those people who is never happy.  She complained that there was not enough vegitarian "non fatty" selections, that she needed  2% milk for her coffee not half-n-half, that her english muffin wasn't toasted enough and when they brought her another one that was clearly toasted more she didn't even eat it.  Coming to a place like Over Easy and expecting a large selection of vegitarian/diet foods is simply ridiculous as this place serves exactly what the name suggests, traditional breakfast foods that are comforting and homey.  The way Mom used to make it with plenty of meat and potatos and loads of flavor.
5	Fantastic!  I had regular French toast and bacon, wife had an omelet, friend had the chicken fried steak, everyone was extremely pleased, service was great!  Waitress helped us with local attractions/ directions.  Price reasonable. Would definitely go back!
2	We had a very disappointing experience today at Over Easy. First of all, the service was lousy, slow and inattentive. We had to remind the waiter twice to bring drinks and once to bring toast that came with my father's meal. The food was equally unremarkable:  I had the cheddar biscuits and gravy and they were bland, barely seasoned and cold. My husband had the famed "waffle dogs" and he said they were "decent," but that's about it. Our friend had the chicken fried steak and found it lacked seasoning, and the breading was sliding off of the meat. She said the hash browns were the best part of the plate, giving them "three stars." Overall, we will never come back to Over Easy again due to the service and bland, average food.
4	Had the country fried steak again.  Of course it was good.  Meat was tender and flavorful.  The only thing I didn't like the the coffee....It tasted really burnt.  I guess they're really going to that diner taste!
3	Poor service. I don't get why this place gets so much business. They are lucky there's not much else around Arcadia....otherwise any place that values service even slightly more would crush it. I've yet to have a decent service experience...just a bit sleepy when it comes to focusing on the customer.
5	As good as the reviews say it is.Chicken and waffle was absolutely perfect topped w/ their maple syrup.Staff was quick, friendly and organized.  Even during the busy Sunday rush.
1	The good was prompt seating and the chicken fried steak was really good.  Eggs where room temperature, waiter never checked in for us to tell him, and overall service was poor. Tall lanky guy with the shaved head didn't seem to care. I had to get up to find him for the check. After all the good reviews I was expecting average service. We were thinking of going back again, but no chance now. One of the few times I didn't leave a tip.
5	What a Great Place to have Breakfast/Brunch!We stopped in on a Monday Morning and the place was packed but we still received good service and a great meal.I had the sirloin and eggs with Camelized onion and Jalapenos. What a unique and well done breakfast combo.  Steak was tender and plenty of it as well, the jalapenos and onions packed a great punch against the creamy and perfectly cooked eggs. The problem is there are so many good things on the menu I will just have to come back to try them all, deciding what to order was a dilemma to say the least.My dad had the Salmon Benedict. He said it was the best breakfast he has had in a very long time. Perfectly poached eggs and homemade hollandaise sauce were key according to him, but the real star was the thinly sliced fresh and smoky salmon.  I guess this will be the next thing I get!Way to go Over Easy, you are a must try when in Phoenix!
5	Great Country Fried Steak.
2	I don't want to be mean, but this place should be called "Over-rated." We waited an hour for what was a breakfast I could have done 100 times better at home. The food was SO BLAND and there was absolutely nothing special about it.
4	Good service, good food. I had the waffle sausages which were a little pricey but super tasty and I thought worth it. I will definitely be back to try other things on their menu.
3	They know what they are doing with this breakfast thing. I typically get sweet stuff, but on both trips to Over Easy I ended up ordering the Chilaquiles... I cannot resist them. Handfuls of tortilla, tons of cheddar cheese, mixed with red chile sauce and succulent chicken, topped with eggs your way.  The only thing I find odd about this place's menu is that they have no avocado... Not on the chilaquiles, not in the omelet ingredients list, nowhere. Oh well, I digress... There is a counter with seating, so you might get lucky and have the option of sitting there, otherwise be prepared to wait 20-40 minutes on a weekend. It's a fairly small joint, but they get the food out fast and keep the customers moving at a comfy pace. The service has always been good as well.  I've promised myself I will get something sweet next time I go... We'll see!  ;)
5	Gets super busy after 10am!! great food, huge servings!!!
2	It was ok but not the best. For the price, I would have expected better. Like another reviewer 2 out of three of us ordered the banana-pecan french toast. They were not very generous with the bananas, the glaze was a bit bland, however they had a decent amount of pecans on it. Not really worth the price of it though, could have gotten better at the good egg. The other person just ordered bacon and eggs, which came out fine for them. Slow to get refills on coffee despite the place not being busy.I'll keep an open mind and will try again. But for first experiences it wasn't that great and the food was nothing to brag about. Since the Chicken fried steak has gotten such strong reviews I'll try that next time.
2	The food was good, the vibe was also good. ** Except there was a very unfriendly older lady taking my order. She seemed a bit annoyed and was just not pleasant nor warm.*** However, I will give it a second try at their Frank Lloyd Wright Location soon!!!. Hopefully they'll be a bit more friendly there!!! I've heard wonderful things about this restaurant from co-workers, so I wouldn't want to give up just because I had a not-so delightful first impression.  :)
1	Been there about a couple of times now, have been very disappointed and urge people to look for a decent breakfast elsewhere.The first time we went, my wife and I put our names down and were told it would be 20-30 mins wait. A family arrived shortly after us and were told the same thing. After around 15 minutes and elderly couple arrived and were told that there was a wait. The elderly lady complained outside saying that they were regulars and shouldn't have to wait. Two minutes later, the hostess came out the door, walked past ourselves and the other family, and escorted the elderly couple in. Of course we all complained and the hostess commented she didn't realize that we had all been out there longer. The manager defended her saying that "this can sometimes happen". So we left. Just last weekend, we thought we would try again. Actually got in straight away and had our two year old with us, so our hopes were up. Then we got served, literally. The coffee tasted like water with a couple of soaked coffee beans. The waitress was a no show after taking our order. Never asked how things were or if we were after anything else. Our water and coffee flavored water was never refilled even though we did ask for it, twice. Our food, which took about 30 minutes to arrive, was originally delivered to the wrong table, and when we did get it, was flavorless, bland and cool. The manger then came by asking if everything is "wonderful". By that I'm sure he meant was the tv station on the right channel, because it certainly wasn't the food or service.  When we left, we finally saw our waitress, and over heard her complaining to the manager that we had been there too long, had backed up traffic outside and her tips were going to suck. Here's a tip for you young lady, actually be a waitress, check on us every now and then and find out why our flavorless crud of a breakfast is taking so long so that we can get out sooner.We will never be going back, "wonderful" isn't a word associated with Over Easy and I whole heartily suggest that you all look for somewhere else.
5	Breakfast joint in a strip mall in Phoenix about 30mins north of the airport. Funky vibe. Friendly staff.  Lots of regulars. Great food. For us: Polo Loco omelette and banana pecan brioche french toast. Visited by "Diners, Drive-ins and Dives". That's why we went. Eat here! You won't regret it.
4	I tried Over Easy for the first time a few years ago at their old location and wasn't impressed. However, when I returned this week to their new spot on Indian School I was pleasantly surprised. I had read recommendations about their waffle dogs (their breakfast take on corn dogs) and was definitely happy with the choice I made. My server cocktailed maple syrup and cholula for them and while it sounds odd, was actually a great compliment with my dish. My family also ordered the Dolly and Selena and were satisfied with their meals.The staff was attentive (but not overbearing), and you can seat yourself.
4	3 of us were able to slide right in to sit at the counter on a busy Sunday morning which was a blessing not only because we didn't have to wait, but because they overcrowd the place with too many tables in the way that only breakfast places seem to. Our service was passable for a busy day, but could have been better considering every single server had to go past our empty coffee mugs every time they went to the kitchen, yet the empty cups sat until "our server" came by again. Like I said, it was busy, but coffee with breakfast is pretty much the main priority that any server could take care of (and does in most breakfast places). Everything else about the service was good though, and I liked our server. I strongly recommend the jalapeno biscuits. They exceeded my expectations and I will definitely have them every time I go. The rest of the food was good too, but the biscuits are what stuck in my mind. I will definitely be back here because it is close to home, but I'll keep looking for a favorite breakfast place too because this one just didn't have the homey vibe that I like.
2	Heard good things about it.  Food is above average.  Wait staff is not very good, but extremely polite. Bottom line; entire dining experience took 2 hours and the end result.... its ok.
4	OverEasy Restaurant. I enjoyed the Bacon and Cheddar Burger, very tasty! Tater tots were fantastic! The decor of the restaurant was a little odd to me, very colorful. The banana french toast was delicious, but was served kind of mushy. The Roasted Mushroom Fricassee was amazing. If you like eggs for breakfast, this is definitely the place to go.
3	We must have been there at a bad time. I've had breakfast here before and it was great. Today? Not so much. I ordered the caramelized banana and pecan french toast, one of the items that Over Easy is known for, with a side order of bacon and coffee to drink. The coffee was excellent. That's the good news. The bacon was way overcooked and I did mention it to the wait staff (she took it off our bill). The bananas were more like plantains, almost crunchy and not to my liking. The sauce didn't quite hit the right amount of sweetness; it fell ever so short of delicious. The bread itself was very good and I would try regular french toast there again. My dining mate's eggs were ordered over medium and they arrived over easy. She did, though, request a substitution of sausage patties and they accommodated her without a second thought. Her English muffin was perfectly toasted and her dessert of English muffin, jelly, and sausage was amazing. Overall, my first visit to Over Easy a couple years ago was much more satisfying than this one, so I will try them again. Our server was fine and met our requests with a smile. They were not very busy when we were there and that may be the reason for overdone bacon, but the bananas were definitely "off."
2	One of my favorite meals in life is blueberry pancakes. The blueberry pancakes here need an urgent makeover, stat! I believe the blueberries were canned or frozen but definitely not the size or taste of a fresh berry. And the blueberry glob was spooned into the middle of the pancake upon cooking so the only time a blueberry is consumed is when you get to the center, which is a huge disappointment. Finally I feel the pancakes are overcooked or the mix balance needs adjustment, a great blueberry pancake is soft, fluffy, digestible and takes u back to grandma's kitchen. These were leathery, heavy in the stomach and unsatsifying. For the love of blueberry pancakes please show the pancake gods that better can be done.
4	Well my first review of Over Easy; have gone here a few times; only reason I don't go more often probably because of the wait. The food is definately makes me want to return.  The Hopple Popple, the Wolf  Pack, and what I had today, the Loco Moko (only criticism is the rice); great lemonade (when I used to drink lemonade) and the hash browns & they have tater tots!!! I'll be back; when I can get up early...
1	Can someone please tell me why people go here???Went to breakfast with Deb L, and she had a Living Social deal or one of those deal thingies. The place was packed, probably because it's a holiday week.That doesn't excuse the EXTREMELY poor service. We sat down and waited. And waited. Servers walked by every few moments, nobody stopped to fill our water glasses or take our order. Finally, we both said something to a girl who walked by. She seems mystified that there was a job to do. With that many people working, getting a cup of coffee shouldn't take 15 minutes. Yes. 15 freaking minutes.Food? Mediocre at best. I got the traditional eggs benedict with home fries. The only saving grace with the amount of ham on it. The English muffin didn't seem to be toasted. The eggs were *ok* but nothing great. The home fries? My 9-year old niece could do a better job. My burps right now aren't even good enough to brag about.I'm sure if the service had been better, I wouldn't be so miserable right now. My food coma isn't satisfying. I will *never* go here again. Ever. I felt stupid leaving a tip, it was THAT bad. Total. Fail. Blech.
1	So sorry ! my husband and I were so excited to try this restaurant, we drove a bit of a distance only to be throughly disappointed. The wait was about 35 minutes which we didn't mind we 15 minutes after we were seated for water and a server.  It was total confusion! Servers and bus people every where.  We had no silverware, we had to beg for coffee. I ordered the eggs florentine and my husband ordered eggs with corn beef hash.  While we were waiting for our food I noticed how  dirty the bus boys clothes were and one of them kept wiping his nose on his fore arm. Also there was a big guy in a black T Shirt that wiped his nose with the back of his hand. I was sick!  My husbands corn beef hash was very good but cold as was his dry toast. Mine was the worst florentine I have ever had, the hollandaise Sauce was so full of lemon that it made you pucker. I was not about to send it back. They asked if everything was ok and I told them that I could not eat it because of the lemon, they took it off our bill. I think Arizona is so desperate for non corporate, neighborhood restaurants that we sometimes over look the quality, I cannot over look dirty. CLEAN IT UP AND GET A REAL CHEF and try again.,
1	This place is disgusting. I think I may have had the worse restaurant food in my life today.
5	Let me list the things I've tried at this place: Waffle dogs, the regular AND pecan caramel french toast, the salmon omelet with cream cheese, the Selena omlet wrap and sausage links. The Wolf Pack is one of its staples, with layered eggs, bacon cheese AND hasbrowns...so good!! Everything is amazing and you woud never guess it because of its location in its tiny nook. The service is very friendly and I didn't wait long for any of the food. Great breakfast choice if you live farther south =)
5	Waffle Dogs are out of this world. Will dine here as often as we are in Phoenix
4	So here's a rundown.  Little Niece LOVED her M&M's pancakes.  Big Niece ordered the basic 2 egg, bacon, hash browns and toast and was a happy little camper with it.  One brother loved his Wolfpack and who wouldn't?  2 eggs, bacon & cheese sandwiched within two crispy layers of hash browns.  Yum!  The other brother thought the chicken fried steak was just okay.  The girls' mother liked her country benedict with a sausage patty, eggs and hollandaise sauce but didn't realize it was on a cheddar jalapeno biscuit.  That part wasn't her favorite.  As for me, I didn't care for the corned beef hash especially the texture.  Luckily I had also ordered a half order of the caramelized banana and pecan French toast.  Heavenly.  Plus I always love restaurants that allow half orders of French toast because then I can have a savory entree with a "dessert" without feeling like a pig for ordering two entrees. And we all had to have the waffle dogs.  Its all the Food Network's fault.  And we are thankful to them for it.  It was delicious especially with the "waffle dog" sauce the servers set up - pancake syrup with hot sauce.
1	I was really looking forward to eating at this restaurant as it is close to my home and I have been excited about trying out a new breakfast joint.  Needless to say, I was filled with disappointment from the moment out waitress came over to take our drink order.  The woman was one of the most unfriendly waitresses I have ever met.  She approached our table and rudely asked for our drink orders.  Before I had even finished asking her for what I wanted she walked away and it took her almost 40 minutes to bring over the lemons for my water.  As she walked away, both my friend and I looked at each other with a look of shock on our faces.  Neither of us had ever experienced anything like this before in our lives.  The rude and unfriendly waitress returned to take our food order and although she wasn't as unfriendly as our first encounter, it seemed clear that being at Over Easy was just not the place she wanted to be.  After taking our order several other people ventured into the restaurant and took seats.  We sat for almost 40 minutes and finally noticed that several of the people at the tables that arrived after us had been served their meals.  I eventually got up and walked to the counter to inquire where our food was.  I was informed that it would be out in a couple of minutes and it was.  It was brought out looking like it had been sitting under a warmer for about 20 minutes.  The food was barely warm and all of the edges had started to dry up from the warmer.  Although we were assured that they had just come off the oven, it was clear that they had been sitting for awhile.  I was less than impressed by this restaurant and would recommend McDonald's for breakfast over this joint.  It's really too bad cause the menu looked great but the horrible service coupled with the bad food was a definitely thumbs down from me!
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE! The service was great here, everyone is so nice and helpful. I went here for only one thing and it was the waffle dog. I definitely recommend it to everyone! The portions are relatively large so the pricing isn't bad. Its a really laid back environment where sitting at the bar isn't bad. Its gets pretty packed just before noon, so get there early.
3	Ok, been there twice more. Each time was better than the last. The "Tammy" breakfast sandwich was full of flavor but not very hearty (makes a great light breakfast), the hash-browns super crispy that the entire thing could be picked up with a fork and none of them fall off. I like the hash that way, my friend didn't. They didn't put all the ingredients in her omelet that she asked for, but she claimed it "not bad". Also, still had a hard time getting a refill for my coffee.The next time I ordered the eggs with mushrooms and herbs. Definitely were not stingy with the shrooms, they were piled on. Probably wouldn't have hurt to use some more herbs, but it was still  delicious! Skipped the coffee, so didn't have to worry about refills, and glad I did because I saw the time it took for other tables to get there's. Also, this time they made my friends omelet correct.
3	The iced coffee is one of my favorites I've ever had; otherwise most of the rest of the menu items are good but not spectacular. I do love the sweet potato tots but not sure there's anything special about them. The portions are small and the prices seem a little high for what you get. So far, my favorite thing I've tried has been the traditional eggs benedict (which is saying something, since i'm not typically a fan), but my friend I went with (who has a rather discerning (read: picky) palate and a culinary degree to back it up) said it wasn't that impressive. Today I had the chicken and waffles, and while good, I ended up with some stomach problems later that marred the experience.The service at the counter was phenomenal the first time I went; the service in the dining room at a table not so much. I had to wait a while for coffee refills (and by the time we went today, the restaurant was not very busy - we went after 1pm) and the server just seemed sort of unprofessional as he walked around, interacting with patrons.All-in-all, a good neighborhood breakfast spot, but not necessarily the best thing you'll ever have, either.
1	We received very poor service here.  We also used a Group-On type certificate (which, they only allowed people to use Monday through Thursday, which we think shows very poorly on their management ), and the waitress gave us attitude about using it.   Food was decent but nothing to write home about.  However, the attitude and quality of the service will not have us coming back.
3	First off I am not a breakfast person, I prefer to sleep in vs getting up earlier to eat and I've never been a big fan of the typical breakfast foods. But I will say after making a stop to visit some friends in Arizona I was pleasantly surprised by this place. My friend had heard about this place so we decided to give it a try. Like others have said expect a wait, there were only two of us and we got there around 9ish and had to wait maybe 15-20min. Not too bad but it was already quite warm outside and they don't have much of a waiting area inside, especially to accommodate all of us waiting to be seated. Once seated though we glanced over the menu trying to decide what to get. At a place called over easy you'd think we would've gotten some sort of egg dish, but we didn't. I got the reese's pancakes and my friend got one of their breakfast sandwiches the Loretta I believe. We both agreed that our food was good but nothing notable or spectacular, we like the feel even though the decor seemed a bit random and we couldn't figure out what they were trying to go with. I wouldn't mind going back to try something else but again I don't necessarily need a return visit. I think if you went here you wouldn't be completely disappointed as long as you didn't go in expecting the best breakfast you can find. The service was ok but they definitely could've done better, we were at least asked multiple times by various staff members if our meal was ok etc. but no one cleared our table, we had three people ask if we were ok before someone thought to take our finished plates or even ask if we were finished. Again overall not a horrible experience or anything but not the best either
2	Meh.  Got the french toast - perhaps it's just because people raved about it that I was disappointed, but found it soggy, SO overly sweet and thought the bananas tasted rubbery.  Would go for eggs next time.
1	TERRIBLE service, every time I go in there the people treat me poorly. I refuse to eat in the place due to the poor service, so I only order take out. Even then it's an issue, no one greets you, and they seemed annoyed by your presence. If there were another breakfast place in the area I would absolutely go there instead. Fix the poor service staff, the food is good, don't waste a good product on poor staff. Clearly the expectations are not being set.
2	I decided to try this place bcuz Guy Fieri had been here, I must say I wasn't all that thrilled w my food now that I think about it. We had a Selena breakfast burrito $9 & the banana caramel French toast $8 and the over iced coffee wit cinnamon. Cardamom n mint. It was good but could have been better. I dont think the hype for this place is merited, but maybe we ordered the wrong items. Also I kind of felt that we did not get good service, maybe bcuz we were the only latinos :( and it was not that busy
2	Just average to below average. Space is too small. Undersized plates. Cheap silverware. Servers are nice. People overall friendly.  Undercooked bacon.  Undercooked french toast.  Hard to screw up breakfast.  When we go out to eat breakfast you just have to get it right.  Breakfast food is not hard to cook.  You have to get it right every time.
3	Arrived pretty early so wasn't too busy. Had the pollo loco omelet. It was good. Nothing special about it though. Maybe I ordered wrong thing off the menu because everything was just good not great. No complaints though.
2	Food was comparable to Denny's or Ihop but twice as much. Plus, it took 20 minutes to get a table. The house iced coffee is GOD awful idk what they put in it but YUCK!!!
3	Over easy... Over rated.
5	I ate here a few months ago and the eggs benedict was fabulous.  Hard to find a place that makes really good hollandaise sauce and this place does.  If it wasn't so far from me I'd be a regular.
1	Bloody awful.  Usually a decent experience but today my friend ordered an omelette but asked for it scrambled.  It came out an omelette.  We reminded outr waiter it was to be scrambled.  No worries, right?  Simple miscommunication.  He took it back into the kitchen, marched right back out after they cut it up, thinking we would not notice it was the same f*cking omelette.  Frustrated, and insulted, we asked that it be taken off the bill and forgotten.  She helped me finish my omelette.  Waiter copped an attitude.  Then while finishing up another waiter decided to refill out jelly serving tray WHILE we still sitting there.  Couldn't wait 5 minutes, pal?   Sheesh.Good thing OHSO serves breakfast.
4	I had the Country Benedict with home fries and was so impressed! The sausauge, eggs and hollandaise was over cheddar jalapeno biscuits that were amazing. I also had a side of their pumpkin bread and caramel sauce which were both delicious and the sauce wasn't too sweet. I would give the food a 5 star rating. I reduced my overall rating to a 4 because I didn't like the look and size of the restaurant since this was my 3rd attempt to try it because it's always a half hour wait to get in. However, it was worth the wait.
4	Visiting from Charleston, SC and decided to stop by after hearing about this place on  food network. Banana and pecan French toast is amazing and so is the wolf pack. Service was also fantastic.
4	Saw it on Diners,drive inns and dives- it is a gem! Glad we went service was awesome,good and rprices great. My only complaint was it dint appear to be very well kept.Dust pictures and baseboards on the walls which you would sit right up to. A good clean could fix all of that! Have already reccomended it to several people and will make it a regular stop...
3	We went on a Saturday and it was packed. The service was pretty slow which I would normally understand since it was a Saturday morning but there was like ten employees there. Lots of them were just standing around chatting, and it looked like there was only two people waiting tables. The a/c was on full blast and it was freezing. The food was ok but not great in my opinion. My husband really enjoyed his chicken fried steak. It was a little pricey for what we got too, it cost us $43 plus tip for three people. Overall, even though the food was decent I doubt this place will ever occur to me when looking for a breakfast place.
5	Fantastic food, service, and experience.  Will return regularly, as often as I get to town. Chilaquiles are fantastic.  Outstanding menu with sweet, savory, healthy if u r so inclined.  Next time, it's the fried chicken and waflles or is it the corn beef hash or an omelet.  So many decisions.  I'll have to come back again (and again, and again).  Service couldn't be better, and with a smile.  Well done Over Easy, well done.
4	Crazy Syrup Alert. Trying to decide between the various french toast choices, the waitress threw me a new bone. Pumpkin french toast was available (seasonal) and this was a dense breakfast treat, containing actual pumpkin seeds and nuts. It was almost like it already was pumpkin bread and then the french toast process started with the addition of bourbon. Either way, you only need a 1/2 order of this to satisfy. The best part perhaps was the bourbon/pumpkin syrup on the side - it really added an over-the-top flavor to the dish.    Also tried was the blueberry pancakes, which are not legendary, but do contain a bunch of blueberries. Better hotcakes are out there somewhere and hash browns were crispy, but too salty. Oh, I also enjoyed their Over Easy iced coffee drink - the touch of mint was interesting. We arrived at about 11:45 am on a Tuesday and the place was virtually empty. I guess this is the time to avoid those crowds.
4	I came here during the week around 11am so the place wasn't too busy. My friend and I each ordered the 2 egg breakfast and decided to get an order of French toast to split since we were both starving. Our service was pretty good and our server was very friendly. I thought the food was great. My hashbrowns were cooked perfectly. They were crispy and delicious. The French toast was also good- nothing too exciting but it was good. The only things I didn't like was that it seemed a little cramped in there and they use the menus as placemats which I think is kind of gross. Obviously they wipe them off after each guest but it just seemed a little gross to me for some reason. I would definitely return and try something new.
4	I have never been huge on breakfast but for some reason lately I'm just on this breakfast kick. Anyway, I have lived in the area for about 6 months and finally made it over to Over Easy. Considering the short hours there is always a wait for a table but both times I have gone the bar has been available straight away.My first visit I was surprised at the not-so-trendy atmosphere. It is instead very whimsical and diner-y with a bright and childish twist. I ordered the banana pecan brioche french toast after reading about it in Phoenix Magazine (I think) and it was delicious! For the price I was expecting Texas toast or french bread as the base but it was regular ol' bread and it did just fine. I forget how filling breakfast foods are. I also got the iced coffee which was TASTY. It's cold brewed with cinnamon and mint and it is unique and refreshing. Plus, for the large glass you get at the right price you can't beat it.Second time around I got an omelette with jalapeno, cheese, and onion (you can build your own) and it was the best omelette I've ever had. I typically do not eat eggs out places because I'm paranoid about undercooked eggs but I saw someone else's omelette whilst deciding what to order and it was browned to perfection just the way I like it. PERFECT. My boyfriend ordered their strawberry & rosemary lemonade and that was also really good.I see a lot of comments saying the food is nothing special but I wouldn't quite put it that way. They serve typical breakfast foods but they tweak 'em with their own touch. Definitely worth a try for those who are teetering.
5	Saw the dinner on a TV show, went to try it myself. Great breakfast fare. Special butter squash French toast was awesome.
1	After the last prank/disaster I vowed to never go back.  I was caught at a weak moment - time, hunger and proximity.  I should have known better.  Simple tomato and feta omelette came out surprisingly quick.  Feta was still refrigerator cold and the sausage links were lightly singed on one side and rather tepid in the middle.  this suggests they were "cooked" earlier and merely laying about and dropped on to the griddle just long enough to leave a mark but certainly not long enough to heat them up.  I have plenty of reasons to slap Guy Fieri, this is one of them.
3	Chef Aaron May is the force behind this restaurant, especially since it was featured on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives. There are several locations, and this particular morning, we went to the location at 47th Street & Indian School.Weekend mornings will find patrons waiting in line for a table at this local favorite. Why? I really have no idea. I had high hopes for this place because it's had rave reviews from local food critics, fellow Yelpers, been written up in magazines and on Triple D. But I was not impressed.The coffee was good, not outstanding. The atmosphere was, well...odd. Nice if you like upside-down children's umbrellas. The Mediterranean omelet (w/ spinach, tomato,  garlic & Feta) sounded good this particular morning. Wow - garlic should have been listed as the 1st ingredient - I like garlic but this was way too overpowering. The omelet itself was overcooked at the edges and since my taste buds were overwhelmed by the garlic, I can't really tell you if the omelet itself was flavorful. Big disappointment.Crying Pig omelet was selected by a meat lover in our group. He said it was flavorful and had a fair amount of bacon & sausage. He thought the omelet was a bit overcooked, especially around the edges, and was a bit dry, too.Not too many places have corned beef hash on the menu, so our friend jumped at the chance. He ordered it w/eggs AND a side of gravy. He absolutely loved it. Now, take that with a grain of salt as he always loves everything - but he was sincere in saying it was delicious so I believe him.For a restaurant that specializes in breakfast fare, I expected more. Would I go back? Potentially. However there are so many other choices in the Valley that it may be a long time before I circle back.The waiter was friendly and made sure our waters and coffees were filled.
4	The food on my visits has been very good.  The Eggs Benedict Florentine is great they cooked the eggs perfectly and the hollandaise was just right.  They also have very good hash-browns so I haven't tried their other options.  The first time I went they were pretty busy, but our server was great and kept our coffee filled the whole time.  The second time we went our server spent more time chatting with some one sitting at the bar than refilling our coffee which was unfortunate.  The other complaint I have is the sun shades on the windows are very dirty and covered in dried food. So I would avoid sitting at the widow facing tables if you can.  The rest of the resturant seemed fine if they do something about the shades.
4	This place is the perfect blend of cool atmosphere and good food.  Just what you want on a weekend morning or any morning for that matter.  Classic foods, not greasy  or nasty, totally hit's the spot.  Not gourmet either, so don't expect it.  There will be a wait, especially on the weekends, so be ready!  Another party that waited LESS than us totally whined and complained, made the server feel horrible and then got compt'd by the manager because they are complainers.  Karma will get them, jerks.  The server was super nice to us, we let management know it too.  Overall, had good experiences here.  A little cramped, but it is what it is.  Will come back when ever we're back in town.
5	Paid a visit to this establishment just because it was featured in DD&D.  Was not disappointed.  I had the lox, onion scrambled egg and hubs had the corned beef hash and egg.  In my opinion, it was the best breakfast we had so far, for the money.  My scramble contained a LOT of salmon -- seemed like 1/3 of the scramble was salmon.  Hubs' corned beef hash was practically all corned beef with some potato to keep it together.Overall, very pleased with our selections and it is definitely a place to go back to.
1	We just suffered through breakfast at the new "Over Easy" in Mesa NOT PHOENIX.  It was tasteless and terrible.   My wife had something "healthy" - steak and egg whites.  The steak was tasteless.   The plate was covered in a tasteless watery substance that looked like soup.  I had the tasteless chicken fried steak.  It was equally bad.  Even the "gravey" had no flavor.   Even the tater tots had a bad aftertaste.   Instead of having the "hot sauces" out on the table (and you will need LOTS of hot sauce for any flavor at all), they ask you which "one" you want and then they don't even have Red Tobasco as an option.  They have no steak knives, which is just a bit weird for a place that serves chicken fried steak.   I'm not really sure what I had because I love chicken fried steak, and this was terrible fried terrible.   We would never, ever consider going to the Over Easy for anything again.  In fact, the conversation on the way home was how awful the food was, and when we think it will close.  It was shockingly awful!!!!!!!
2	Meh....What Over Easy has going for it is that it's breakfast options are HUGE.  This was a good place for us to try because our brunch crew has someone who doesn't eat eggs at breakfast.  We need other options (otherwise it's always bread/carbs for her).  So it was on the table.We went at 10:30 on a Saturday morning.  For a group of 4, no wait.  First impression good.  As we continue to sit, we grow uncomfortable with the fact that it's still morning and we're listening to heavy metal.  It's just not breakfast music to us.  Order drinks.  Drinks take a bit.  When they do arrive, one of the iced coffees is dripping and the waiter drips it all down my husband's arm.  I had attempted to draw the dripping glass to his attention before the drink/sleeve interaction but alas, iced coffee on the arm.  And no apology, just a bunch of napkins tossed onto the table.  Now there's some crabbiness.We order our food.  We do a little table rearrangements because of the tv distraction for some.  I had the wolfpack which was decent.  Nothing amazing.  My eggs were a little on the hard side, not how I prefer them.  Husband had the hopple popple and wasn't enthused.  BIL had breakfast burrito and was pleased but didn't like the single pancake (quote: tastes like bisquick).  BIL's girlfriend had carmelized banana french toast and sourdough toast.  The french toast was rich and the sourdough burnt.Iced coffee tasted extremely watered down.  I prefer the toddy at gallo blanco or what I make at home.  Hot coffee did not impress.  We probably won't be back.
5	We are regulars on Sunday mornings and have been for years. It's a great place for tasty food. Several years ago I gave the place a 4 star review but I think it's ready for an upgrade. What to eat there?  The chiliquiles are my favorite. Really good flavor and the salsa is out of this world. The Loko Moko is also great if you like the traditional Hawaiian treat. They substitute the traditional hamburger with a brat burger. If you like rice, brats, mushroom gravy, and eggs then go for it. The omelets are great as well. Big and tasty. Normally I get the standard 2 egg breakfast. Make sure to the the Tater Tots. I'm not talking a out the sweet potato ones. They are good but the traditional potato ones are out of this world.
2	Overeasy has a bad case of the hit or misses. One visit, everything will be great. Next visit, not so much so. Today's visit was a miss. Ordered my "usual", Chiliquilies, with egg sunnyside up.. A few minutes later, my waitress (a new girl I hadn't seen on any prior visits) brought out  my breakfast and served it to the lady on the table two down from me.  The lady quickly let waitress know that she had not even ordered yet.. Waitress then picks the plate back up and tries to set it down in front of me.. It was my chiliquilies, but it had scrambled egg instead of UP.. I quickly pointed this out and the plate was returned to the kitchen. A few minutes later, it was remade and brought back out to me. This time, the eggs were closer to sunnyside up, but in fact were more of a "basted" since the yolks had a slightly cooked white "covering" over them.  No major problem, at least it was closer to what I ordered. I dug into the meal. I like the chiliquilies here because it usually has just the right about of kick to it to get your blood flowing in the morning. This time, however, there was no "oomph" at all. I would have said something, but my waitress never came by to check on things... The manager/owner, Brad Mays, was at first sitting at the counter doing his crosswords, then standing there talking with staff. He did do a quick, perfunctory 30 second "drive by" visit to half of the tables in the dining room, but he skipped me. New staff (and a help wanted sign on the window looking for more) need to pay more attention to customers. One new male waiter seemed very good. I watched/listen to him give a table of 2 older couples a very nice menu tour. The overall impression on this visit was a general "I don't care" attitude from staff and management..When Overeasy gets it right, it is great.. but when it misses, it is no better (albeit higher priced) than Dennys.
3	Not sure what the hype is.  I've been here several times and its a decent breakfast place.  One item I do like are their waffles.  These waffles have the smaller squares like the ones you make at home. They're pretty solid.
4	I went here for lunch with a friend, on the recommendation of another friend of hers.  I had the Croatian Spinach Loaf, basically a loose quiche covered in sauteed spinach and melted cheese, with a side of fruit.  It was delicious!! My friend had the Wolfpack, which is best described as breakfast sandwich with has browns in the place of bread. Also quite tasty.   The place is casual and the staff friendly, especially the hostess, who came over and chatted with us for several minutes. I will definately put this on my rotation of places for breakfast!
5	Good place for breakfast, order the wolf pack like triple D did. Good service and a nice upgrade move from the old Taco Bell location to the newer current location. We also went to the other location at the ice den which is very modern. One of the better places for breakfast in Phoenix.
1	When we got there they said the wait would be 15-20 minutes. 35 minutes later we had to ask and they said it would be another 15-20 minutes. Finally they ended up sitting us about 30 minutes later. The food was not at all what I had expected. The waffle was very plain - no garnish or anything came with it. It tasted like sawdust. The pancakes were also very bland and their syrup is very watery and jus sits ont he table so it is not warm. The whites of my eggs were runny even though I had asked for over medium and the chicken fried steak was overcooked so it the crust was hard. The sweet potato tots were mushy and lacked flavor at all. Our entire party was very disappointed.
5	My colleague found this restaurant at random while we were visiting Phoenix from Dallas. I had ordered pancakes, eggs, bacon, hashbrowns and was going to settle for Coffee when the waiter told me that they have a really great black tea. Shortly after ordering, he brought a teapot loaded with Chai tea and a container of Honey. Although I consider myself somewhat of a entry-level tea connoisseur, I must admit that this was simply the best tea I had ever had. Additionally, the overall experience of this restaurant is amazing and it shows at about 9AM when the diner is completely packed. This was the highlight of my first trip to Phoenix! Thanks
4	Awesome French Toast with caramelized bananas.  Eggs with wild mushrooms outstanding.  My husband had Selena burrito (plus more than half of my French Toast.).   4 stars only because it took awhile for server to take order and it was not that busy.
4	My wife and I stopped into Over Easy for breakfast last weekend. The place was very crowded (as we expected). After waiting for a table for about half an hour, we were seated in a very well decorated restaurant. While I wasn't too crazy about the food, I will say the service was great. Our server (known as Funnyman on the receipt) was the perfect blend of fun and responsible. I honestly wish there were more servers like him at local restaurants. The food is decent, but the service is something to remember.
1	Don't waste your time or your money on this place. They don't care about good customer service or long waits, they only care about their repeat customers. I wanted to make this my Sunday place since I, too, am from Chicago, but the service was horrible and the food was no better than IHOP.
2	Got there around 10 a.m. on Saturday, only had to wait about 15 minutes. We decided to switch up our brunch routine and landed on Over Easy because it was featured on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives. They have an extensive menu, so there's a crazy amount of options, especially for breakfast. I ended up getting the caramelized banana & pecan brioche French toast and my girlfriend ordered the Chilaquiles. The food was good, but came in small portions and was a bit pricey for how much we got. After really looking forward to eating here, it's safe to say we were underwhelmed.Given how busy the place was and how much praise it gets, we just didn't get what the fuss was about. Maybe they're resting on their laurels after receiving national attention.I wouldn't avoid it, but there's plenty of other places to grab brunch. I doubt we'll be back.
3	Maybe I just expected too much after seeing them on Diners Drive-Ins and Dives, but  wasn't all that impressed. Maybe I didn't order the right thing, but it was just average. Better than Denny's lol. I was not crazy about the bratwurst sausage patty. I ordered it as an extra and was expecting regular breakfast sausage. The prices and portions were good, will probably return, but not going to make an extra effort
5	OMG, I am still craving the absolutely amazing veggie benedict I got from Over Easy yesterday. This was a build-your-own benedict done right (something that hasn't quite been achieved at places such as The Breakfast Club.) I ordered a Country benedict ($9), sans eggs and sausage (I know, weird), with avocado, tomato slices and goat cheese instead. The whole thing was smothered in Hollandaise sauce and came with a massive side of hashbrowns, and it was truly one of the best breakfasts I've ever had. Thank you, Chef Aaron May, thank you. The fact you can add goat cheese to breakfast items delights me.This was my first time at Over Easy, which has several locations throughout Arizona, and I was impressed with the friendly service and casual style coupled with the mouthwatering menu items, including a variety of pancakes and French toasts. Also, be sure to order a delicious Over Easy Ice coffee drink, made with cinnamon and mint ($3.25).
4	Went here on a Saturday morning, ecpecting to wait a bit.  To our surprise we were seated right away!  Not 5 minutes later about 4 other parties arrived and had to wait, so turns out we just had perfect timing.We decided to split our meals so we would both get to try a variety of what OverEasy has to offer.  We chose The Wolfpack, Country Benedict Cheddar Jalapeno Biscuit and Pumpkin French Toast.  The Country Benedict was our favorite.  Followed by the Pumpkin French Toast.  The Wolfpack was also good but compared with the other two had to take 3rd.  Definitely would like to go back and try more items from their delicious menu!
2	I usually like this place but was a little disappointed this last time. I tried the eggs Benedict and did not like their own made hollandaise sauce. Next time I'm sticking with my usual blueberry pancakes. Boyfriend liked his meal (he had the wolf pack). Service was good. We got in quickly for a busy Memorial Day Monday morning. Unfortunately we both got sick later in the day and it was the only meal we had eaten so I'm going to be a little hesitant next time I think about going to over easy.
1	Had the absolute worst service here today.  Straight from the Amy's Baking Co handbook.  As a former regular we will never go back.  Our entire table was flabbergasted at the treatment we received, it was embarrassing.  There are plenty of decent breakfast places with great service in the area that will gladly get our business in the future.  Not this place!
3	Good local place (glad they moved away from the "meat-market"  Vig.  Usually always get the tots but I am an addict.  Food is comfort with some health thrown in and service is dependent upon who you wind up with but it is never bad.
2	The flavors on the chicken fried steak were good but the steak was over cooked.  Their home fries were boiled slices of potatoes with no flavor and were not browned in any way.  They were quite disappointing.  We were finally asked abo9t our food when we were a few bites from finished. They no longer serve the tomato jam with th8s meal ~ bummer.  .
2	I rarely will go to a restaurant with a rating below 4 as I trust my fellow yelpers but given they were on Triple D, I thought it must be good.  They relocated from by the Vig to a shopping center on Indian School Road.I had the sausage benedict over a jalapeno cheese biscuit.  The biscuit was dry, the eggs were overcooked (not runny when you break into it, but the sauce was pretty good.  The hash browns on other diners' plates looked soggy so I asked for mine to be made very crispy, and they were.We also tried the banana pecan french toast.  it was okay, I have had better.  Coffee sucked - it tasted smoky or burnt and they don't have lattes, what the heck?Service was outstanding and it was obvious they were concerned about satisfying diners as they asked how everything was and if you would come back (I overhead them asking the latter question to other diners but didn't ask us).Too many other good restaurants to try then to go back.  Sorry!
4	French toast with carmelized bananas, pecans and carmel sauce is delicious!  We went on July 4th and we waited for 20-30 minutes. Not sure if that's normal, but the service was friendly and fast.
2	The service was nice, but the food was not.I ordered the Over Easy, and rather than the advertised brioche I was served a soggy slice of bread.  By soggy, i mean complete mush.  The spinach was ok.  The eggs were under-cooked.My friend got the wolf pack and that was good.  Nothing exciting but edible and filling.So far, I am disappointed.
2	Ehhhh... I'm underwhelmed...On a scale of 1-10... I give it a C...Because that is how much sense it makes to not make an amazing scrabbled egg.....Tried this place twice......Fool me once shame on you, fool me twice shame on me.....
5	Hey gluten free crowd.... I'm here again to he you make informed decisions. The 'protein bar' $4.00 - some sort of mixed nut flour bar with a thin layer of chocolate on top. Gluten free and really delicious. The nut bar part wasn't overly sweet- actually had a perfect amount of saltiness to rub up on the chocolate section :) The nuts were ground up finely enough to not have to crunch crunch into chunks of nuts. So if you aren't a fan of nut crunching, you have found your bar.Yum.That is all the wisdom today from this Gluten free lady
3	No WiFi!! I think that's done on purpose so people don't hang out there. I'm not sure why this place got DD&D to go there, the food was okay.
1	Terribly small establishment with pretentious and rude wait staff.
5	I have gone here a few times with both my friends and family, and it has never disappointed us. The caramelized banana french toast that was featured on Diners Drive-ins and Dives was just as good as Guy described it! I also love how they have a "healthy choice" menu that includes a variety of clean food options! Overall this is a great place with a super relaxed environment, and I would recommend for everyone to check it out!
4	It has been 5 months since I last visited Overeasy. Walking in this morning, around 8:45, I was surprised at how empty the place was. Next observation was that there was only one familiar face that I recognized--and it was of a waiter that I had had a less than stellar service from before. I began to worry about what the experience would be like. My waiter came over-a new guy, seemingly a little out of place as a morning waiter, and he took my order for corned beef hash with soft poached eggs, rye toast and a large OJ.. Just a few short minutes later, my food arrived. The nice mound of hash was piping hot. the eggs (served on the side in a monkey dish) were soft poached with a nice, runny yolk. The only downside, if there was one, was the amount of water in the dish with the eggs. But that was a minor issue. Food was spot on today. Service was quick and efficient. If Overeasy operated like this everyday, It would be 5Stars in my book and a definite regular spot. Like I stated last time, When they get it right, it is very good. Today was very good.
3	So, the only reason I came back her was because I had a Living Social Deal I purchased prior to my first visit and I had to use it. Out of two dishes we ordered, one was excellent and the other was terrible.  So, I will say this, the food is inconsistent.  If they can remove or fix the bad menu items, I think this place will start getting a lot better reviews.  The prices are also pretty high for breakfast.Build your own omelette was really good.The salmon with asparagus was disgusting.  Very salty, otherwise plain and small portion. The bread was stale.Hash browns are average.I've improved my rating from last time because the omelette was so good.
4	We bought the LivingSocial deal to try this place out a few months ago but haven't had a chance to try it until this morning. We came right around 7:45am and were the 3rd table in the restaurant - a blessing because we wanted to make it to work on time after our fancy breakfast (anything compared to a homemade shake is fancy).  We seated ourselves and were assisted within a few minutes.  I would say both our orders came out within 15 mins - not too bad for what appeared to be very fresh, hot food.  I read the previous reviews and figured I would try something that was a "typical" breakfast choice for me: the Mediterranean omelet. I considered creating my own (I'm one of those slightly picky people about what I have in my omelets) but felt the short but mighty ingredients in this omelet would hit the spot - spinach, garlic, tomatoes, and feta. What's not to love? I skipped the variety of potato options in favor of an English muffin. Although I love me some potatoes, I'm really glad I did!  I love love love cold pressed coffee and was very interested in how they prepared their Over Easy Iced [coffee]; with cinnamon and cardamom, followed by sweetened condensed milk (the best thing ever to add to coffee) and a hint of mint. I could envision how the first three flavors would work together but didn't know how the mint would come in (and I'm not normally a mint person).  My husband, a complete sucker for almost any configuration of eggs Benedict, settled on the Deli Eggs Benedict (I called it - the salami was calling his name).  He chose a half/half order of regular and sweet potato tots and eventually caved, at my insistence, for the iced coffee too.  I loved the homemade strawberry jam that came with my English muffin - not too sweet and a strong strawberry taste. Our server told us the jam they were using before were not up to par for them so they switched to making their own - works for me!  I polished off half my English muffin before I turned to my omelet.  Personally, I thought my omelet was fantastic and exactly what I was looking for. I was worried that it would be one of those three egg behemoths that is more appropriate for lazy Sunday mornings but thankfully it was normal-sized (they have three egg omelets though, if you are interested in a behemoth meal). I loved the combination of flavors, it wasn't runny inside (not something I mind but I know there are people out there that need their eggs cooked through), and I felt there was a good balance of all the ingredients, not too much or too little of anything.  I complemented my omelet with a few (okay, a puddle to the side) of Chohula hot sauce - you can never have enough of that stuff!  I ended up really liking the iced coffee - since it was cold pressed there isn't the normal bitter after taste that you can some times get with coffee. Instead the after taste was a marriage of cream and mint with just a hint of coffee. I thought the mint could potentially muck it up but I found myself really liking the after taste. I was worried about having major garlic and feta breath but the coffee (emotionally, I can't speak for real life) put my fears to rest because I was able to wash the tastes away and leave only the cream and mint.  It was less sweet than I expected, but then I didn't feel like I needed to either - and I normally put an obscene amount of sweetened condensed milk into my coffee or black tea. Overall, I was very satisfied with my meal. I'm not always a fan of eggs Benedict - the hollandaise sauce is usually too much for me in the morning. However my husband was quite happy with his meal - the eggs were perfectly poached and the man loves himself some extra sauce and it was plenty saucy for him.  He can't turn down anything with salami in it so it was just icing on the Benedict for him (har har). The amount of taters he received was epic - it took up at least half his plate!  I only sampled the sweet potato taters (How can you walk away from fried sweet potatoes?) and they were quite yummy. He assures me, however, that the regular tots were just as good if not better (he assures me he is okay but I'm not sure what's wrong with him - sweet potatoes are awesome).  We had no issues with service through out our meal - we were checked on once or twice, which fine with us.  Check out was quick and we were done and out of there by 8:45 am, a miracle for us (I am a SLOW eater). By the time we were finishing up quite a few tables had filled up, so if you want more of a quiet breakfast, we definitely recommend this to early risers.  Our experience was good and we'll be visiting again to try other things as their menu is large and promising (loco moko, French toast, and the breakfast sandwiches come to mind).
5	Had to try out this breakfast place featured on triple D quite a while ago.  One of us loves breakfast, the other would prefer to starve until lunch or brunch at the very least.  Another casual trip for us and hence Yelp review.   Lets just start out saying it was mixed as far as what was expected.  Food was across the board fantastic.  Absolutely no wait to get in.  We had hoped the day after Labor Day might be uncrowded.  Surprised to find many families with babies and absolutely no foodies.   Had the Home made Hash and eggs.  Eggs done as ordered, Hash very good.  Also had Ham steak- there seems to be a slight Hawaiian influence here.  Processed ham roll but done right with a mildly sweet sauce on top.  The Carmel Banana pecan French toast is a must, though I hate nuts on/in my sweats.  They could be easily left off, just ask.  Special Pumpkin French toast was good but really screams for a big ole scoop of vanilla ice cream on top.  I took an order home.  The razzcherry scone was tasty as scones go.    For Breakfast, I've got to admit that this place was excellent.  Anytime she wants to get up early to eat, I'll agree to this destination.  Just really glad there was not a 2 hour wait. Of coarse, then it would be lunch and I'd be somewhere else.  So win win I guess.    The over all gist of this place is a new generation hippie/environmental conscious foodie destination with mild Hawaiian overtones.  Surprised I found no Spam on the menu but I did say the Hawaiian influence is subtle.  If you come here don't just order eggs, bacon, toast and coffee and then say it was nothing special.  You will be commenting more on the diner than the restaurant. $40 for all this plus two coffees.  Not bad at all.  My breakfast loving companion says, about average.
3	NOT. GOING. BACK. EVER. Food was quite good, wait staff pleasant. Manager was awful: The menu is creative and well executed, a skosh on the "pricey" side if you're used to diners and such, but well worth the extra. But, for food so well executed, I was surprised at how lousy the coffee was - mine tasted burnt. And waiter had the right cadence for a Sunday. The bus staff was prompt as well.When it came time to pay the bill, however, it was a lousy experience. The restaurant "reads" like a "pay at cashier" and so all trooped up to the front. Uh-oh, should have paid the waiter. Manager immediately stepped in - she was snippy, curt, etc. You have to realize, we were a party of 5 and had no intent other than to pay our bill - we were informed that (after being led to believe otherwise) "they don't do separate checks, but can separate the bill." (into equal parts). While part of the party reacted, rather than wait the 30 seconds it would have taken, she walked immediately away with whatever payment was in her hand...which then proceeded to utterly confuse everything when she came back. My advice? Eat and get the hell out, apparently waitstaff and management can't agree on restaurant policy.
3	Service was great!  I specifically went there for the hash browns and unfortunately they must have been sitting there all day. They weren't fresh that's for sure.  However, chicken was fresh and to die for.
1	I tried them again.  Hash towns were better but I specifically asked for fresh.  Unfortunately there was a long hair that came out of my mouth after the second bite.  Just prior yo that my links were cold.  I'm done.
5	Be aware for negative reviews, these are not regulars and have had one bad experience and then gripe about it. How sad!I've been here a handful of times and every time it's great. The service is good, the food tastes great, and they are accommodating. The chicken and waffles is delicious :). My fav!
4	My mom and I shared the waffle dogs they were a little cold but tasted really good especially with the syrup and hot sauce. We also go the loco moco, they spell it differently, it was amazing! Very very close to being as good as the loco moco's I've had in Hawaii. There was a 15-20 min wait so my mom and I sat at the bar which wasn't to bad and service was very good.
5	Over Easy was in my bookmark listAnd I always like to try new breakfast/brunch joints because... Well...I'm never up this early, and on a weekend...Over easy is a small cute joint located in a shopping center plaza. I really like the teal/yellow color scheme. Very friendly and warm. It was busy this morning but we got seated upon walk in... I ordered Water and Earl Grey tea and the tea came in a cute mini kettle :)It is good for this brisk morningIf you know me, I love Corn Beef HashSo of course I see it on the menu and that is what I ordered...My meal was very satisfying :)It was nice and hot and the eggs were cooked perfectly over easy haha and the wheat toast was goodOmg but the Loko Moko really caught my eye... It is a hamburger patty on top of white rice, covered with brown mushroom gravy, topped with two eggs and style and crispy fried onions.Totally sounds like something my grandmother makes for meI will have to get that on my next visit!
3	Got the Florentine eggs Benedict with tater tots and a side of the 1/2 portion brioche French toast. The tater tots had a different flavour, from whatever oil they were fried in. It wasn't bad, but it was a bit weird since it was unexpected. The Hollandaise sauce was a bit boring and the English muffin wasn't toasted so got a little soggier than I prefer. The eggs and spinach were cooked perfect, however. The French toast was delicious - some of the best tasting I've had in restaurant - but for $4 you get a single slice. For the price of a whole loaf and a half of bread, I expected a bigger portion.It's a nice breakfast place tucked into a normal shopping centre with a lot of options but I wouldn't go out of my way to come here again.
4	Good food, friendly service
4	This is a tiny spot, tucked into a Scottsdale strip mall. I guess it was made famous with a Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives episode, but it deserves fame in it's own right. Things are made from scratch like the cheddar-jalapeno biscuits (spicy!) and the corned beef hash (some of the best ever). We also tried the Wolfpack, layers of cheese, bacon, and hashbrowns. The hashbrowns could have been a little more brown, but that is the only complaint. Drinks were quickly refilled and service was friendly. The layout is really tight quarters and lingering is not invited, so keep that in mind depending on what type of breakfast/brunch atmosphere you are looking for. But, certainly the food is first rate.
3	I thought this place was pretty good.I split three different meals with a friend: Chilaquiles, French toast, and chicken fried steak and eggs with tater tots. The eggs were cooked perfectly and the tater tots were delicious haha. The country fried steak was a bit tougher than I like. The French toast was pretty dang good, and I'm not a big French toast fan. We also got the caramelized bananas and pecans on the side so we could try with and without. Wouldn't add them on next time.The Chilaquiles were tasty, but the overall flavor was kinda close to Nacho Doritos.I will definitely be back to try more and see if I can find that perfect meal here.
2	I ordered the Loretto egg sandwich and editing over easy egg The only problem is the bread is much larger than the sandwich and I would just call it a roll not a French roll is nothing French about that role
2	Why are people lining up to get in here? It's really not all that. Seriously, just go to Denny's.
1	Just wasted an hour of my time We sat outside for 30 minutes for a table.  My choice, no big deal.  We get inside, sit down,  wait, wait, wait, try to get a servers attention, no luck, wait, wait, and wait. After 20 minutes we get up and leave.  We tell the hostess that it would have been nice to have service.  She did respond with an apology, but immediately looked at a patron waiting for a table and said "looks like you got yourself a table."  That totally just negated her apology and shows that they just don't care if they burn through people, they have more customers.
1	This was a terrible experience.  It literally took over 30 minutes from placing our orders to actually receiving our orders.  We have been there before and had a good experience so the delay without anyone updating us was frustrating. When the food finally came,  only four of the five orders came out. My simple order of scrambled eggs and hash browns was still being cooked.  The chicken omelet was made with ham so that got sent back, the chicken with waffles was fair, the steak and eggs were inexplicably made with egg whites and was a pool of some clear sauce.  The omelet came out again this time no ham but also no chicken.  When we asked about the delay we were told that the cooks had all been fired earlier in the week and they were training a new staff.  Never offered to adjust the bill and never heard from a manager. We had to get folks to the airport otherwise we would have raised the issue. We may or may not go back but not for a while, there are too many good breakfast places to suffer through this.
5	This is the real deal! All of he bad reviews are people that do not know a good breakfast place. Andy was a great waiter, he knew his stuff and kept the drinks full all while throwing in some subtle humor.  The benedicts are awesome. Next time I am in Arcadia I am coming here again!  It was on DDD but they have not let the quality slip due to popularity. Great job guys!
1	The last time I visited my thought was  "really no need to return, nothing special." But I wanted breakfast and was driving by, so...I was by myself so I sat at the counter. It took 5 minutes to get coffee even though the waiter walked back and forth by me several times. When you are at the counter, you should have coffee in 5 seconds, not 5 minutes. 40 minutes after I placed my order my waiter came out of the kitchen and apologized, but they had lost my ticket and could I remind him what I ordered. I didn't punch him in the throat, but I did leave and will not be back. The space they moved into is too small. Everybody is bumping into each other and it's chaos. The customers are the ones who suffer. Never again.
5	Wow! Even the waiter was a blast! Funny as hell. Food was excellent and service was same. I would recommend this place to anyone. Prices are good.
1	I am very disappointed with my experience here. This was our (my husband, daughter and myself) 3rd visit and while not impressed our previous times today was a disaster. The hostess was extremely rude, the service was non existent and the food was cold. The table next to us got their food, ate and left before we got our order with no apologies or explanations. We had brought a guest with us and frankly I was embarrassed because the location was my choice. I don't see how this place rates the rave reviews I have heard. I am not sure if it's because we have a small child and they are targeting the hipster crowd but we felt very unwelcomed and unwanted there. Very sad and we will not be going back.
4	I have been meaning to try Over Easy for almost a year (the one in Indian School) and I just found out there are more than one : )We were heading to Globe and thought about stopping here for breakfast.I did not know what to expect, so when we got there I was not so sure I wanted to stay...It seemed small and kind of plain... well it is very colorful, kind of retro... but the menu seemed kind of simple, few choices and a little overpriced (menu said omelette came with potatoes or bread)I had coffee and hubby had a diet coke.Well, upon further review I liked that the omelette ingredients included asparagus. That was a nice surprise. So I went ahead and ordered an omelette with mushroom, asparagus.. and something else that I don't remember : ( I also chose sweet potato taters, and turns out it is potato AND bread. So over all it was a good meal, the only thing I don't like is that they are none of them close to home.Hubby had omelette with sausage and jalapenos and he liked it a lot too.Service was friendly, I think our server's name was Lauren.
2	I've been going to Over Easy for about 3 years now and it had always been my favorite breakfast spot. The Waffle Dogs are amazing and what got them "famous" I believe. And the Wolf Pack was absolute perfection. Syrup and Cholula?! Who knew! I introduced many friends to this place and everyone fell in love. Unfortunately the last two times I've been within the past 2 months has been terrible! Each time something was subpar. Portions are smaller, eggs are way overcooked, bacon is dry, burnt and old looking, ingredients are skimpy and do not taste fresh.  To top it off, service is MEH and I don't think our server said more than 5 words to us the entire meal. Today I finally had to confess to my boyfriend that it is off our radar. But I'll still dream about the Waffle Dogs in my sleep!
2	Went here because of its feature on food network, nothing stood out here didn't feel like anything special.
2	Very disappointing. Server was not accommodating and felt that a dirty coffee cup is acceptable. Not very friendly and not open to subbing 1 item for another. With all the great places in the area, I will not be back!
5	And once again, finding myself in the morning world, I am here.  What's with all the low blow reviews?  This place is pretty nice.  All three times I've been here, I've been graced by the same charming server and he's remembered me each time.  I don't know his name, and if I had a little less social anxiety, I'd probably ask.  Or not.  The mystery gives it a certain appeal.Anyway, breakfast is breakfast no matter what you say about it.  That being said, this is probably one of my favorite places to go to for dishes with vegetables wrapped in egg.  It's one of the only places that has goat cheese as an option, so 5 stars for going above the average for something like that.  Same for having a Lox dish (though it could use some capers).  It's a small thing, but it's the small things that count.  I also read/heard they're looking to get an alcohol license, probably to start serving mimosas.  If you're into that sort of thing, well, there you go.I'm not even mad that he forgot my orange juice the last time I was here.  The place was busier than I've ever seen it, and servers are just as human as I am.  Maybe I'm too mellow to give bad reviews.  I also had a dentist appointment I had to get to shortly after, so... eh!  Whatever!  tl;dr: Go eat here, the food is excellent.
1	First off.. Guy Fieri is a f*cking liar.  Nothing was good about the place. Was going to give this place a whopping 2 stars until the owner went around and ask damn nearly every person in the restaurant how they were and how their food was.. but didnt come to our table.  Racist. My eggs were under cooked and i couldnt chew through my chicken fried steak.  No go.  Matt ' s big breakfast is the way to go.
4	My beau loves Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives, so while visiting my sister in Phoenix, we had to stop at Over Easy to check it out!  Understandably so, it was very busy around 10 am on a Sunday, but our wait was only about 20 minutes.  In Arizona in March, we had no problem waiting outside in the sun :)We got a round of Over Easy Iced Coffees to start, which are delicious!  Cinnamon, cardamom, sweetened condensed milk and mint - unique and tasty!  I'll have to figure out how to make these myself.The Wolfpack (great name, by the way) is really the way to go.  Simple ingredients - hashbrowns "stuffed" with eggs any style, your cheese of choice and bacon... but simple does the trick for this savory breakfast lover!  There are lots of great brunch/breakfast options in the area so I'll probably explore some new spots during my next visit, but this is a great standby.
4	Love this place! My recommendation would be to get the wolf pack! Only complaint is the wait... But I guess you can expect that from a place that taste this great! Customer service was fairly neutral .
4	Guy Fieri ate here!! Food was very good. Only criticism was that the hash browns were a little overcooked. Florentine Benedict was excellently prepared and wasn't doused in hollandaise sauce. I drink my coffee black and could've stood to be a bit tastier, but I've definitely had worse! Watch the food network review!
5	Came in again for my last morning in Phoenix, only this time I had the foresight to ask my server what Guy Fieri was served here. I ordered the ham steak and it was excellent. The red eye gravy was perfectly sweet and savory, the eggs on top were cooked and seasoned extremely well and the hash browns were perfect. I highly recommend this dish and this restaurant!
5	This place is for sure on the top of my breakfast list!!  I wasn't very hungry so I just ordered the blueberry pancakes and man where they tasty!! They were LOADED with blueberries and topped with powdered sugar, they just melted in my mouth, my 10 month old tried blueberry pancakes for the first time and loved them as well.  I ordered one scrambled egg for my little one and she gobbled it right up!! It was cooked perfectly and they were buttery and fluffy.  I also ordered a side of bacon, crispy and flavorful.  The only downfall is the place is pretty small, but the food makes up for that :)  The menu doesn't have a huge selection, which is refreshing as most places hand you a book to look over and it takes you 30 mins just to decide what you want.  We will be going back soon!
4	One of the few places in town to get a NORMAL breakfast on a weekday!  I used to frequent the place but my office location moved too far away, but when I did, I loved it.  The coffee is great, and the meals are definitely above par.  The current location is a bit noisy for meetings, etc. which is my only gripe.
4	I've been here a few times now and each time I leave happy and full. However, the place is TINY. Expect to wait. For as popular and well known, you'd think they would consider an expansion, but it is what it is. That being said, the food is delicious. The service is good for being a breakfast place, I'm not sure what everyone else is complaining about- you're not at a 5 star steak place. Give it a try!
5	This spot is good for breakfast. The food was delicious. I had the wolfpack with over medium eggs loved the idea of having eggs and Bacon put in between hasbrowns.  Also shared an order of the caramelized banana nut French toast no need for syrup. My friend had the over easy dish which was also delicious ask for feta cheese to top it off made it a little bit better. The staff was friendly and welcoming.
5	Very good. Tried this for the first time today and really liked it. Like the atmosphere. The servings were big. The pumpkin bread was awesome. It was a little pricey. For three of us the bill was $50.00 but two people added bread and one bacon. For the quality it's worth it.
2	My husband and I are visiting from San Diego. We saw over easy on our fav food show. We are both in the service industry and feel that great service is just as important as great food. You work hard for the money your bringing in to spend but some how for some reason it seems over easy does not have service standards.  We are bummed because the food is great but bad service leaves bad taste. We got our food to go I called in for to go. The girl that answered was nice. My husband went to pick up. The hostess did say hi and welcome. She directed him to the bar to pick up our food there was a woman working behind the bar as he was walking up she looked at him grabbed a pitcher of water and began to walk around the restaurant ignoring him. after a couple minutes she walks up in knowledge is that he's there to pick up all of a sudden another man came out from the back and just handed him our food No, thank you no, is there anything else just our bill we felt they didn't want us there. he paid no words came out from the person who took his check.  when we got back to our hotel about 15 minutes away we start to open up our food and realize they left out the maple syrup that they pride themselves and making it just felt like over easy didn't care we ordered the chicken fried steak the Wolfpack in the waffle sausages that were on the Food Network show we were just surprised at the lack of care that went into our to go order I think we will avoid  this location and try a new one since you like the food!!! too bad
3	I know this place had been featured on Diner's, Drive-Ins and Dives. I was more interested in it because I had heard vague rumors they may be opening up one in my neck of the woods and wanted to see if I could start building a relationship with another breakfast place.Noon on a Monday found the place mostly empty, which caught me a little by surprise. With the whole Food Network exposure thing, I figured there would be a wait. I am sure there is at peak breakfast hours on weekends.Breakfast is the only option here. It's our first meal of the day, so even though it's noon, breakfast is fine. They are only open until 1:00 so, breakfast only makes sense.I probably should have listened to the server and ordered the DDD featured item, chicken fried steak. I, instead, opt for the Loco Moko, a Hawaiian staple, with two eggs on top of a hamburger patty on white rice, all covered with mushroom gravy and topped with "crispy" fried onions, which were kind of limp. My wife had the traditional eggs Benedict. Prices for our dishes were, I believe, $9.50 and $10 but I don't recall which was how much. When you consider I got eggs with plain white rice and a burger patty, two poor mans staples, the price tag seems a little steep, Although the gravy on mine was tasty, neither dish really blew our socks off or stood out from any breakfast dish I've ever had. We actually had gone about half an hour out of our way to try this place. The breakup may not be complete yet. If the rumors are true and it's not clear across town I may give the chicken fried steak and/or waffle dogs a try. I might still find something to make me swoon.
2	Been eating there for a few years.  Food is ok.  Nothing really special. Food is no better or worse than IHOP.  Seating is limited and service is not very good.  Their attitude is almost like you're lucky to be eating there.    They have recently added a new rule where they no longer allow you to bring in any outside drinks. This includes coffee from Starbucks or bottled water.  Since their coffee has no flavor this rule is frustrating.  Anyway, if you're looking for a good breakfast look elsewhere.  Several places around Arcadia offer a more friendly environment.
1	Thought I would go back in one more time.  Nothing changed.  Still same service.  Last time.  Their portions have gotten much smaller but prices have stayed the same.  They changed their layout inside as far as tables so its even more cramped.  Not good for parties of 5 or more.
4	Saw this place on food network's Diners Drive-ins and Dives so I had to come here on my random road trip to Phoenix. It was worth it. Got there and seated without any wait. Menu prices were very reasonable and breakfast for two costed only $21.24. The waffle dogs are cute and yummy. You must dip them in the sauce to truly enjoy them. Light breakfast and not overly filling. The wolf pack my friend got looked like a big heap of morning goodness. I had a bite and if was what I expected. Very good and she was very full afterwards. I would suggest trying the chicken and waffles. They looked great but I didn't try them. Overall cute little place to try out. Go there if you have the chance.
5	Everything here is delicious! We haven't tried the whole menu yet, but we've never been disappointed. And yes I would love to try everything on the menu lol Their coffee is amazing.. I drink it black with sweet n low ...I'm in love with their coffee!  The service is awesome as well and they now serve a large offering of adult beverages mmm we had all 4 different bloody Mary's this morning! They were nice and spicy.... Best Bloody Mary's I've found in this area (other than the ones I make :)
1	WOW, I haven't seen a meal this bad in years (and i volunteer at the homeless shelter) This is my 3rd time trying this place and i hate to give up on Homegrown Biz, but thanks to Over Easy, I'v blown my Pepto Bismal budget for the year! We got to the restaurant this morn, just before 10, it was busy but the staff looked capable. Boy i was wrong, after 40 mins i had to ask about my food and the look on her face told me i must be forgettable,  cuz she forgot all about me. i didn't think it was that long until my date pointed out that all the ice in our waters had melted. At about 50 mins into this our food comes out, My Chicken fried steak was burnt crispy on the outside and raw in the middle. My date's pancakes also had a similar appearance, with the inside of the pancake looking like pudding. In my previous other experiences i ordered the Namesake "Over Easy" sandwich and it was a soggy badly cooked croissant, I can't believe anyone would every rank this more than two stars, even the eggs, hashbrowns and toast were super plain and mediocre.  Do yourself a favor and don't start your day off this way!
2	When the first location opened on Indian School the food was good.  Now that they have expanded to multiple locations and the owner is no longer the chef the food is not very good.  The biscuits and gravy were barely edible.  There must have dumped a cup of salt in there holy crap!  They have a lot of sugary menu items that aren't really my thing for breakfast.  I've heard the chocolate chip pancakes are good.
1	Breakfast should not take an hour to serve, it can really kill the flow of your day.  Unfortunately, something happened to our order, and the server had to take it again about a half-hour after we first placed it, but then we continued to wait another 30 minutes for it to finally arrive.I would have given Over Easy a second chance, but we were sitting right next to the host table, where two people were helping seating people all morning.  I have to believe one was a manager.  Either that or there was no manager on duty.  No manager ever approached our table and apologized for the delay.  Nothing.  I was in a party of two and the party of four next to us was almost done eating by the time we got our good.  And they came in maybe 10 or 15 minutes after us!  Things happen, but the food wasn't good enough to bring me back and I was really disappointed at the lack of urgency or awareness by the staff.
2	Decent place. I'm guessing it's better to go during the week vs. the weekend as with most breakfast places, the service and quality go downhill during peak volumes. The menu is what pulled us in, as it really looked great. The  food on the visit was good but the service was not. What really did it in for me was when the bus staff removed my plate before I was done, as well has very aggressively cleared the table next to us that we couldn't hear ourselves think. Again, the food was good but not excellent and the service makes it less than desirable to want to return.
4	We live in Tucson and try to visit this place whenever we are in town.  The caramel/pecan/banana brioche French toast is incredibly yummy.  Tried a spinach egg loaf today (forget the name) and it was also very tasty.  We have not been disappointed in this place yet.  We last arrived on a Sunday before the crowds started filling it up.  Heard they might be opening up a location in Tucson sometime.  Only thing is I am not used to spending $28 w/tip for breakfast....
3	The coffee was perfect. The service, commendable. I ordered the caramelized banana and pecan brioche French toast. The rubbery texture of the bananas was off-putting, the pecans were chopped way too small, and the caramel sauce was runny. The brioche was, however, delicious. I would visit again, but I would not order what I had this time round.
4	loved the food! The service was excellent as well! We walked in 30 minutes to close and were treated like we were the first table of the day for the entire meal. Waffle dog was yummy! Breakfast burrito was huge and delish! We will def be back!
1	My wife and I purchased a deal via Living Social of $10 worth of food for $5.  She purchased two of them and according to the details printed on the voucher, it said 1 voucher per person.  We stopped for breakfast and our order came to about $26.00.  We attempted to use the vouchers and the waitress informed us that the management would only allow us to use one of the vouchers.  I pointed out the details on the voucher and was told by the management that I could "take it up with Living Social".  He then rudely turned away and refused to discuss it further.   My wife and I worked in the food industry for years and this persons attitude was unacceptable.  Had he had the common decency to just say, "I am sorry but the details are incorrect and we can only accept one of these per visit", I would have been disappointed but would have moved on.  Instead, he lost me as a future customer and has earned this review for his treatment of a paying customer.  Hard to believe that this place does not need to treat their customers better than this.  I will take my business elsewhere and advise others to do the same.
4	The second we walked in Chris noticed that stamped on the wall was a cartoon dude with spiky hair and shades. Any fellow Triple D fans? Oh yes, Guy had visited this joint. It was meant to be.With a menu that made me salivate with every description, I was torn. Our server insisted that their benedicts were out of this world. This guy was right. Chris went with the Country Benedict- cheddar jalapeno infused biscuits with juicy sausage patties, flawlessly poached eggs, and a house made Hollandaise that swooned. I don't know what had gotten into me on this day, but I went with Over Easy's Traditional Benedict. I practically licked my plate clean. Perfection. For the rest of the review, visit: http://dashofles.com/blog/west-coast-road-trip/
4	This review is coming from someone who does not enjoy breakfast. The skinny My girlfriend found a great deal in living social for 10$ you would get 40$ credit but only in 10$ increments great deal for a great place. We decided to go on a Tuesday hoping it would not be too busy it was not they had plenty of seats and people kept coming in. I ordered the chicken fries steak with 2 eggs and hash browns the dish looked picture perfect with plenty of food not bad for 10$ the eggs were perfect and the hash browns are to die for the seasoning they use is amazing, the chicken fried steak was a bit salty to me but some hot sauce helped it out :-) my gf ordered a veggie breakfast sandwich and hash browns and she was very pleased. We sat at bar an asked for separate checks and we used 2 of the coupons we had both out meals came out to under 10$ with tip which was great the waitress didn't seem to thrilled for our savings, lol. Overall this place is great and affordable the food is good and the parking is easy. I had to dodge a few kids while walking to car so please slow down while here :-).
4	The Loco Moko is my absolute fave here...such a comfort food! Caramelized banana French toast is just as yummy and the 1/2 order makes it not as guilty to order and split. And of course the strawberry lemonade to wash it all down....ahhhh!
5	I would have rated it 4.5 if I could have, but rounded up. The only reason 4.5 and not 5 because I (just me and not my girlfriend saying this) thought the potatoes and French toast couldb have been warmer.I got the Deli benedict and the caramelized banana & pecan brioche french toast. This is the 3rd time at over easy (2 other times in North Scottsdale) and solid service solid food. Cool atmosphere. This place was renovated in December says one of the waitresses. Come give em a try!Cheers!
4	Is this in California too? If not, it should be. It was amazing and delicious.
5	Great breakfast place !! Fast service and friendly.Be prepared for food coma. I had chicken fried steak with over easy eggs and sweet tots it was greatttt !! $10 Caramelized banana pecan french toast $5Orange juice pricey $5 PER GLASS  I had wait about 5-10min to be served not bad! We will be back to try more good food !! :-)
1	Just ate there and the experience was lackingEggs over medium still has runny whites.Pancakes tasted like bleachWater tasted like the sewerTable was dirty ...we asked waitress to clean it but she never didWaitress was unfriendly and not helpfulNever got any drink refillsSorry, but I would not recommend this place
1	My very pregnant wife and her friends went to this restaurant today to use 4 living social vouchers that specifically state "1 per customer per visit".   As there were three paying adults, any logical person would conclude that there are 3 paying customers.   Well Over Easy disagreed and made up an un-written policy that the owner refuses to split checks, and thus the vouchers now magically only apply 1 per table, despite them specifically stating, in writing, "1 per customer per visit".  My pregnant wife, being 8 months pregnant and generally tired, because she is pregnant , didn't feel like arguing with the staff about plainly written conditions on the voucher.    After only being able to use 1 voucher, I have since refunded the remaining vouchers from living social and will not frequent Over Easy ever again.  And i will mention to all my friends and family how they treated a pregnant lady.  Pregnant...
3	The food was okay.  The atmosphere is 50's diner.  Not actually very pleasant.  I used a Deal Chicken which was very deceiving, which I suppose was the fault of Deal Chicken and not the restaurant. Be careful if you purchase one of these "deals." It leads you to believe you are getting $15 off of a $30 purchase, and that you have to spend $30. When I presented the voucher, I was informed it was only $7.50 off of two separate dining visits. In retrospect, I don't know that we would've had to spend $30 to use the voucher.  All-in-all very confusing, so be careful.
2	Not bad,  but not amazing either.  The Eggs Benedict Florentine had nicely blanched fresh spinach,  but something about the houlindese sauce is off.  Maybe the lemon or the lack of zing in the flavor.
1	Tried to Visit this establishment. Was a 5 to ten minute wait. No problem. Grabbed a iced coffee, it is 100 degrees outside. Grabbed a paper - sitting outside waiting. First impression. Greater tells me to drink up or throw away the iced coffee. Seriously. I bought this to survive waiting on your Resturant. The server says owner policy. It's two sips off a iced coffee, but what a crazy rule. So I ask to speak to the owner, literally seated yards away - "he's in a meeting", so they go get the manager. Still have not stepped foot in the Resturant. Still outside. Lovely Arizona hospitality!!! No manager arrives. Eventually I give up. Go down to the right and visit The Black Cat Coffee house. What a difference. I have my food in front of me, the staff are great. I got in first try. Avoid the over easy. Stick to black cat
5	Great service, great food! I had the Wolfpack, while everyone else had the malted waffle. Advantage is to get there early, I think. We arrived at 7:15 after picking up the folks on a layover flight this morning. There were two others in the restaurant before us. Don't know if this made the difference, but it's something to consider. We will be back!
3	Inconsistent food quality weekday mornings versus weekend mornings .  This second visit I ordered the same as last... Chicken fried steak and eggs to celebrate my low cholesterol numbers from my doc lol.  Chicken fried steak was fried --so fried it looked like it was scraped off the bottom of the pan.  Borderline almost sent back.  Eggs were fine.  Didn't order coffee as they don't have any flavored creamers.  Behind the flavored creamer wagon train on that one... Service is nice and friendly.  I'll come back but try something new next time.
2	I've been to this establishment a few times and always remembered the food being good. This time, not so much. I had the 3 egg white and sirloin plus hash browns. The food was just okay. I expected the sirloin to come out crispy but it was more like they boiled the meat. The only thing that saved the meal was the caramelized onions. All in all I won't be coming back. There are way better breakfast places to eat at. Try Snooze. There maybe a line but it'll be worth it.
5	One of the first breakfast stops I tried when I moved to Phoenix.  My boyfriend and I stopped in during a weekday, immediate service and attentive waiters. I believe his name was Andy, he recommended the Wolf Pack and the French Toast... neither of us were disappointed!  So much flavor and perfection! Andy also named off a few other breakfast stops for us to make around Phoenix. He was so knowledgeable and outgoing, he really made a great impression on us! Can't wait to stop in again!
4	Delicious and well-priced. Its easy to get very big portions for under $10/person. They aren't afraid of new things (like waffle dogs) and everything I've had is very good. Customers are serviced pretty frequently but left alone for most of the time. Great spot for a simple morning or brunch meal.
5	Great food and original! It has gotten a bit trendy over the last few years which makes me sad but the food is still delicious! I loved them best before they moved venues!
5	Amazing. Came on a busy Saturday morning during Phoenix Comic Con, got an immediate seat at the counter, and had a great waiter. The Selena burrito is delicious. We didn't want to order a full plate of waffle dogs, so our waiter got us just one to try on the house. It was one of the most unique, tasty breakfast items I have ever consumed and I am sad to have only consumed it once.
1	AWFUL  - food sucks, hospitality sucks, saw bugs inside on the floor EWE!I went with my mom that just had surgery on her foot to have brunch somewhere "easy and close" also keep in mind I am 6 months pregnant its hot out - my sister wanted to join us last minute so when we got there, they did not sit us inside and the hostess wasn't even nice about just looked at us and said "RESTAURANT POLICY,YOUR WHOLE PARTY HAS TO BE HERE" very rude - first of all youre a breakfast place - you're nothing fancy and you weren't even busy!- GET OVER YOURSELF WITH YOUR LAME POLICYSo since I can't sit down and order a tea that helps me function in the morning - i walk over to BlackCat and order there (LOVE THAT PLACE, super nice and clean) Finally sister shows up I put my tea in my purse we get sat down - i take a sip from my tea and the stupid waiter says you need to throw that out "cause of our liquor license policy" yeah sure - FIRST OF ALL i'm not stupid - Second IF YOU WOULD HAVE SAT US DOWN I WOULD HAVE ORDERED YOUR CRAPPY TEA BUT YOU DIDNT SO I HAD TO GO TO THE OTHER PLACE SO MY MOM COULD REST HER FOOT AND WE COULD ENJOY SOME A/C and now you wont serve us food till I dump my little tea out !? Manager that looks like something out of Game of thrones - no hairnet over long hair, dirty beard and tshirt comes over and tells me the same crap - WE LEAVE HAPPILY AND ENJOY A GREAT A GREAT BREAKFAST AT ARCADIA Cafe down the street...I had eaten there before and the chicken and waffles was the blandest most boring breakfast plate I had ever had and I decided to give them another try and all I can say is I totally regret it....
5	Took my wife to Over Easy for breakfast and what an experience. It was our first time and while trying to decide on what to order my wife saw the lady's plate setting next to us and asked her what she had ordered because it looked so delicious.  Low and behold after speaking to lady for several minutes we realized it was one if the owners (Andrea or Andy). She was so engaging and a very nice woman. My wife ordered the Pumpkin French Toast with a Mediterranean omlet. I had the Denver omlet and a belgian waffle. We also had an order of the Blueberry muffins. OMG!!!!! Everything was so fresh, the muffins were so gooey and has so many blueberries - Yummy!!!!! The omlets were awesome mine had so many fresh vegetables it was Yummy!!!!! The Pumpkin French Toast was freshly made and Yummy!!!! The waffle was good but the maple syrup made them Yummy!!!!! EVERYTHING was amazing... from the fact that the owner was there and took the time to talk with us made us feel welcomed and like part of the family.  Highly recommend it!!!!! We got there early and the place filled up pretty quick but that should be expected due to the entire experience.  Will definitely go back!!!!! This place rocks- food, service, hospitality 100% it was Yummy!!!!!!!!
5	I had a perfect breakfast here. First, I sat out on the patio, and al fresco is always a bonus. My mushroom omelette was outstanding, with just the right quantity of flavorful brown mushrooms. So many mushroom omelettes are made with small bits of bland white mushroom that the whole thing seems beside the point. I also had goat cheese in the thing and, damn, that tasted mighty fine.Another bonus: Espresso tasted like it should, with complex flavor and zero bitterness. This is not easy to do, at least as judged by the dozens of places around the western U.S. I've tried the stuff, of which very few get it right.Service and serving was prompt. The place is clean and comfortable and, for the high quality of the food and espresso, better prices than I expected. Will definitely be back!
5	Never had a bad breakfast here.  Try the chicken and waffles,  chicken crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside.  Jenn is a great server.
2	Ordered the Healthy choice with White egg and wild mushrooms; it was tasty I love mushrooms so very happy there were many.  There could have been a bit more white egg plus blending in much better with mushrooms too..Looked like mushrooms just dumped on top.  I was disappointed with the side serving of uncored green raw extremely thin sliced tomato. Thought there was not alot of love put into it.  Atmosphere was stuffy not over freindly servers didnt smile or offer suggestions to get more of my business....hmmmm??? My expectation was higher out of an Aaron May establishment.
4	I travel to a different city every week for work and one of the benefits to this is finding places like this. Great service and the food was incredible. I had the Loco Moco. Perfectly cooked and very tasty. Staff was nice and very attentive. Place was very clean. Had good background music. Definitely worth going to.
3	Not a bad place to stop.  Service was good, people were friendly.I ordered some blubbery pancakes, blueberries were of the frozen variety, but then again I'm not sure if they are in season.  The cakes were cooked perfectly, light and fluffy and the real maple syrup was great!
1	Mean front desk person!!! Made my mom wait outside on her birthday until every person made it but tables were empty. Table for 4.
5	There are breakfast places in the valley, then there is Over Easy. It is a cozy atmosphere, and the service is always very good. I really love most everything they have on their menu, however their corn beef and hash is so good! I have taken many with me to enjoy breakfast, and looking forward to future visits!
5	Get here early! I'm so glad we arrived at 9:30am on a Sunday, we were seated at the counter immediately because there were two seats open for us. The place was already at max capacity. The restaurant itself is so neat and cozy chic. I love the art and design goin' on in here!!! It has a New York touch, very homey and personal. Love the chalkboard art!!!We ordered two items featured on Diners Drive Ins and Dives. Wow! Get the caramelized banana French toast, it's divine! I also got the Wolfpack which is just so intense and heavy. It's basically bacon and cheese sandwiched between hashed potatoes! Love this place it's definitely a hot spot, a must see and do! Our server was lovely and the whole staff is very hard working and kind. My only discontent would be that the food came out slow, we waited nearly 20 minutes for our food... But it was worth the wait every second of it!! By the time we left the wait looked pretty rough. Tips: if you're in a big group for sure arrive early (ideally 9:00am definitely by 9:30am), let someone out and put your name down while you look for a parking spot.
2	Sadly, I think it is time to take Overeasy off my list of breakfast spots. This morning I had a craving for Chiliquilies. Their version of it has been hit or miss before, but when it was good, it was very good. I went in this morning, around 8:15am. First sign of things not so good, the place was practically empty.. I ordered the chiliquilies with the eggs sunnyside up.. Dish arrived a few minutes later. It was lukewarm. The sauce was very minimal. The plate was almost like some cheese nachos with a few pieces of chicken and two eggs on top.. What little sauce that was on it had no OOMPH.. It used to be that this dish was very flavorful and could almost cause you to get a little sweat on the forehead..Not any more..I will give the cook credit for knowing how to cook sunnyside up eggs. They were cooked perfectly.My server never came by to check on things. To make matters worse, the manager lady (I think she may be the daughter of owner Brad May) was sitting at the counter on her cell phone and eating breakfast my entire visit. Not once did she get up to check on any customer in the place. So, we have hit and miss (mostly miss in my last few visits) food. We have uncaring and unattentive service (starting with the manager).. the only remaining "good" in my book is location-it is fairly close to home. But so is Snooze, and Daily Dose, and Essence Bakery.. The competition wins out on this contest. I think it is time to stick a fork in Overeasy.. It's done.
2	Over easy? More like over rated.  I had such high hopes for this place.  Meh.  After almost an hour drive across town to try this DDD breakfast joint we arrived excited.  Following a 15 min wait (not bad) we sat at our table and surveyed the menu.  I decided on the banana pecan pancakes and a side of corned beef hash.  The pancakes were wonderful. This is why I gave 2 stars.  I got the half order which consisted of 2 medium pancakes covered in a sweet caramel like sauce, 2 pieces of banana, and a sprinkle of pecans. I added some of the maple syrup that was on the table for an even sweeter treat.  My hash on the other hand was no different than a cheap diner, out of the can, mushy hash.  It was a disappointment. Major.  The service was friendly and reasonably attentive. My coffee stayed nearly full the entire visit which I appreciate.  I ordered the blueberry muffin with lemon curd to go. In my container were 3 small mini muffins with minimal berries, the opposite of moist, and a side of lemon curd that was actually wonderfully delicious.  The atmosphere was mediocre in a small square room filled with tables and chairs reminiscent of my childhood in the later 70s/early 80s. It put a smile on my face as I recognized the boomerang pattern and plastic chairs. I noticed how cramped this place was as I weaved my way to the restroom to wash my hands. Overall it was just ok for me.  I don't think I will be taking the drive back again.
2	Meh.  I was very disappointed with this place.  I was looking forward to a good chicken fried steak and eggs, but the CFS was just awful. It was way too dry and overcooked.  The gravy was lacking seasoning, and the consistency was more of a sauce than a gravy.  Oh and throwing breakfast sausage 'meatballs' into the gravy does not make it real sausage gravy.... The redeeming items from our breakfast were the tater tots (cooked to a delightful crispy perfection) and the iced coffee (great balance of sweetness and the cardamom is a nice twist).  Seriously for the price, you're likely to find a better brekkie at Cracker Barrel.
5	Came here for a quick bite to eat on our way to get our hair did. Fast and really friendly service. Got the waffle dogs as an "appetizer" and it was weird when our waiter mixed hot sauce and maple syrup as a dipping sauce, but it worked! The waffle dogs by themselves were really good but the sauce made them that much better. I got the selena breakfast burrito and it was amazing, I liked that you got to choose what was in the burrito. I liked the funky atmosphere here, would definitely come back.
3	A popular breakfast place.  This place has been on triple D with Guy F.  Ask for Andy!
1	WORST EXPERIENCE EVER!Let me get this straight, I LOVE the Gilbert location. The Phoenix experience was hands down the worst of my life. I never made it into the restaurant to eat because the hostess was SO rude. I actually told her "I feel like I am inconveniencing you - should I take my business elsewhere?" she replied "look around, it is packed, we don't need your business". I explained that I brought a group of friends (6 total) to the restaurant because I love the Gilbert place so much - the food is great and service spectacular. She told me that "everyone complains about the Gilbert location and says they are snotty, so you much be lying". We went to the Vig instead.I called the Gilbert location to inform them an employee was bad mouthing them. I left my number as well but never heard back.
4	love this place, but please, turn down the music.
1	Bad service there is clearly a table for two gray haired older laddy won't let me sit until my friend comes. Very interesting if it were just me wouldn't I just sit by myself in the table!!!!!
2	Meh. Food was cooked well, ingredients were fresh, but everything was bland, and the proportions in the food were off on everybody's plate (e.g. way too many mushrooms when compared to the meat or eggs). Service was blah; there weren't many customers, yet we waited, and waited, and waited, for everything. Bathrooms were pretty disgusting, not how I prefer to either begin or end a meal. We probably won't be returning anytime soon.
3	Delicious and great serviceCame here because I saw them in DDD.FoodEggs and wild mushrooms-if you like mushrooms this dish is for you! Its a beautiful forge of mushrooms of many kinds on top of spinach and eggs I added garlic to my dish. Would definitely get again.Daughter-pancake breakfast she ate it all up and I had a bite it was great.Great coffee, good juice, and awesome menu.
5	I liked it. It is a guy's breakfast place but my picky wife liked it too. We were only in town for 5 days but we ate there twice. Service was great
