3	When you place your order and your waiter gives you a strange OMG look, you know something's got to be going on.I ordered biscuits and gravy, 2 biscuits and gravy. The waiter gave me the look, "Are you sure?""Umm, why is something wrong?""Have you ever had our biscuits and gravy?" He snickers back"No.""Oh, well, one biscuit is about this (holding hands around his face) big.""I'll have one then, thanks.""Snicker, snort, snicker. I thought you might change your mind."This place was busy and I didn't think it was so good. It's greasy spoon breakfast, but it doesn't quite have "it."
4	Took my father to breakfast here and had prompt service for a Wednesday mid-morning.  They are also owned by Serrano's so that may tell you something of the quality of food.  It was all satisfying.  The home fries were crispy and pillowy, the sausage seemed homemade, the sausage gravy was delicious, and their biscuits, perfect.  They have a good selection of traditional dishes and Mexican breakfast dishes.  I will definitely make this my new breakfast spot.
5	Every time my sister visits we go to Brunchies. We always enjoy the food and the service. I do not think we ever had a bad meal here.
4	Good food.  It is obvious you aren't in a chain restaurant and I like that.
4	this is a really cool mom & pop diner.  i say cool because it's better than the run-of-the-mill denny's or so. order "the southerner" it has biscuits and gravy... their specialty. You'll find old timers and a young crowd. it's chill. don't expect fancy or great. it's what you make it. ps. i love the coffee here
3	My friend Mario likes to meet here for breakfast, because we can just sit and talk.  I've been here twice, both on a Saturday morning around 8:30am.  The wait staff is friendly.The breakfast is OK.  My wife keeps asking me to take her here, and one of these days, I'm gonna do it.On my last visit, I ordered me some blueberry pancakes.  They were very large and I couldn't finish.  I thought I caught Mario staring longingly at the leftovers on my plate, until I realized he was just being transported back in time as he told a story of his childhood.The food is plausible, but I'm partial to the atmosphere.  Que Dios Te Bendiga.
4	This was a nice breakfast surprise. I was in Chandler for the weekend and was looking for somewhere for a good breakfast/brunch with my wife. Thanks to fellow Yelpers, I found this little gem.I had the Hobo omelette which was fantastic. The only thing I would say improves this is that I put salsa on just about everything and the salsa here is pretty tame.My wife had the Southerner. They messed up the eggs and had to bring them separate, but other than that we had GREAT service with a smile and the food was worth the price.I recommend this for any breakfast crowd.
1	Dirty glasses on the table that were fresh from the dish washer, water that tasted of day old coffee, "clean" coffee cups with wet stains in the bottom, seated at a dirty table, dirty flatware, flys everywhere, cold food and crappy service.Any restaraunt can have a bad day, but this many things wrong all at once suggests deeper problems.How can anyone actually like this place?!Well, we will never go back and I suggest you think twice about going your self.
3	Before we found better breakfast places (like TC Eggington), we used to frequent this place. The place has a funny smell to it, and they are always blasting country music, which is the last thing I want to hear while I am waking up. Actually, I just hate country music all the time.If you can get past the strange smell of the place (think old antiques + dust + hmmmm), the food is pretty tasty. I like the omlette and the nice tex-mex breakfast offerings. The coffee is weak, so don't go thinking Starbucks - it's more like Denny's lite. I think the hot chocolate gave me more of a kick than the coffee. A seat close to the door is good - then you can enjoy the food without too much of the smell of the room.
5	Best Breakfast you can get in chandler. Its excellent and its owned by a family. Its a family place and they take special interest in making sure the kids eat well. My wife and I have eaten here many many times and you need to get there early to so you don't wait, anytime past 9:30 and your looking at a wait. Its not a up to date eats, it looks like something out of the 60's and its charming. Its right next door to a adult video store but that itself has a bit of humor for the window show and all the morman dads and moms raising eye brows as they would never visit such a place. Remember people you need to spend money downtown to keep downtown alive.
3	Well the decor of this place isn't exactly the best.  It's actually quite a turn off in the mornings.  That maybe set my expectations low but the fountain and the creepy candy guy by the door was really too much for me.The service was decent.  Our waitress didn't seem to disappear too often and she was nice enough.  She could have warned me that the OJ was cheap fake OJ instead of fresh OJ.The food was pretty good.  I had some sausage quesadilla thing. Mexican breakfast just makes me miss the days when Taco Bell served breakfast.  This flying saucer full of sausage and eggs was actually really good and cheesy.  One of the better meals I've had away from Matt's.The prices were totally cheap and reasonable.  Can't see how you could be disappointed in the quality of the food here but I can see how the place, as a whole, would make things less appetizing.  All of that being said, it looks better than TC Eggingtons inside and at least the waitresses don't dress like fools.
4	This place really isn't that wonderful or amazing, it's really just your typical breakfast joint with a little bit of flavor sprinkled in.  The flavor comes in the form of Mexican styled breakfasts.  Now, I really don't care much for Mexican food but they keep it pretty tame here.  I figured since it was offered, and it seemed unique, I would pick one of the Mexican breakfasts and I went with the Bacon Breakfast Quesadilla.WOW!  It was really really good!  You get a really big tortilla that's totally stuffed with lots of eggs, tons of ooey gooey cheese, and more bacon than you can hope for.  The tortilla was perfectly crisp and surprisingly strong enough to hold up all the goodness inside.  It also came with beans that weren't very good, but beans are beans.  I really loved my breakfast here and i wish I could get something like that closer to home instead of all the way down in Chandler.Service was fine, nothing remarkable about it.  That's the way I like it at breakfast time.  Strange little place that lacks in charm, but it definitely packs a mean breakfast quesadilla.
4	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):8 Food7 Service8 Atmosphere8 ValueOnly one caveat to the excellent scores above:  Do not get the eggs benedict.  Everything else I've had is great though.
4	This place is great for breakfast.  There is always a line, but what halfway decent breakfast-joint DOESN'T have have a long line on a Sunday morning?Get the HOBO SKILLET.  It's not on the menu, but they'll definitely make it.  It's the same ingredients in the hobo omelet, but served over home-fries on a skillet.  Delicious...One warning (I wanted to say caveat, but the review before me used it and I didn't want to come off as a copy-cat):  The owner is a total b!tch.  Seriously, she sucks.  My friends and I have had multiple incidents with her and she is just not a nice person.  Having said that, the food is so good we come back anyway.
3	Let me start off by saying i love breakfast so my reviews for breakfast spots are going to be the toughest because places really need to blow me away in order for me to rant and rave about them.  I've heard numerous mixed reviews from friends and family about Brunchies so when i was down the street i decided to finally try it out...First of all I'm a big fan of downtown Chandler so the location is great.  Walking in, you get the feeling that this place has been there for years which is always a great feeling. Looking at the menu i noticed that its part of the Serrano's Franchise which is a good local Mexican food restaurant.  That being said you can see it has influence in the menu, to be specific they have a "Mexican breakfast" section (chorizo, Mexican style steak and eggs, etc...) which looks very tempting.  I had just watched a show on the food network that talked about the best chicken fried steaks in the nation so naturally i was craving one therefore its what i ordered.  The CFS came with your choice of egg ( i ordered scrambled), home fries and biscuit/toast (biscuit).  All in all i was satisfied with the meal.  The portion was perfect but the sausage gravy smothered on top of the CFS was definitely the highlight (loved the big chunks of sausage).  Eggs, home fries and biscuit were nothing to run home to mom about.My girlfriend isn't a big breakfast person so she ordered the cheeseburger and fries.  The meat and cheese were served on top of the bun and i noticed the inside of the bun was toasted (big fan of this).  Dressings were served on the side so they give you the choice on what you want to put in your burger.  The Fries were pretty solid but very typical (very comparable to Burger King style fries just not as greasy).  i had a bite of her burger and it wasn't bad but again nothing to go crazy over.All in all, although the food wasn't to die for, i would not hesitate coming back nor would i ever deny an invite to eat here again.  I'd love to try more items on the menu especially the Hobo Omelet (all meat omelet).  The service was standard but i was a little upset we were not offered a "Brunchies Card" like the couple next to us were.  I'll get over it.
3	I prefer going to non-chain restaurants, especially for breakfast but the food at this place was just average.  I like the fact that they had a good amount of Mexican options but the one I ordered was pretty bland.  And their refried beans and tortillas are not very authentic.  The coffee was excellent, though, and the service was good.
2	Went to brunchies for breakfast recently and was mildly to largely disappointed. The food was regular, and the service struggled... It wasn't just the waiter that was over our table, but the whole staff just sat around as our friends baby screamed and we waited for 25 minute while our server was MIA. We asked if we could just pay at the front and NO, that just couldn't happen. So the baby got louder, and we waited and were given some excuse that it was the waiters first day on the job...
4	Yes, the place is old and stale looking but every-time I'm there I feel  like being in a small town diner with all the folks that I know.  The coffee isn't very good but the food is tasty and not greasy.  The prices are low and the Serrano's are as local as locals can get. It gets crowded on weekends so come before 10.
5	Great food - great service!  I love how it feels like a small town diner. Clearly a neighborhood joint - people greeted each other warmly. Our server was as sweet as could be.  She had good timing, knowing just when to ask us if we needed anything else and making sure our coffee cups were not empty. Order the Carne Asada Skillet - yum!!!
4	I would eat here again. The breakfast is good but super fatty!  Be prepared to eat a meal that makes it so you do not have to eat for the rest of the day.
4	When I first moved to Arizona, I needed to find a breakfast place; somewhere to go for hangovers, long brunches, or a coffee break. Boy, have I found it. This place is fucking fantastic. The service is always excellent and the restaurant itself gives off the feel of a bygone Americana where people listened to you when they talked and weren't in a rush to check their phones. This place is worth the visit for atmosphere alone, and we haven't even talked about the food!Their specialty here is clearly their breakfast items, but Brunchies serves a full lunch as well. They don't do dinner; they close shop at 2 pm, but no worries, breakfast is all you need here. The Chorizo Omelette is delish, but I really like their Mexican-inspired breakfast items, like Chile Relleno and Scrambled Eggs w/Carne Asada. They make a mean sausage gravy that goes with their huge homemade biscuits. The best thing about this place is their ability to foster the longing to come back. Since I've become a regular, I've brought numerous friends here who have all since become regulars themselves. I've even made new friends from other regulars who frequent the joint and it's keeping with the sense of a small, tight-knit community that the food reminds you of.
4	This is a great breakfast or lunch standby in Downtown Chandler. Brunchies is owned my the Serrano's family and carries some of the same menu items. I enjoy their lunch salads. Get the 1/2 size and I promise you will leave full. The french fries are like fried crack. I have to force myself not to eat them, they are so good. Service can be a little slow, but everyone is friendly. Be sure to ask about their rewards card. You will get credit towards future meals...
4	The location is convenient for me and I don't mind a less than 30min wait for a good breakfast. The service is a bit slow but everyone was very polite (even the owner whom some do not seem to care for).  My food was very fresh and flavorful.  The biscuits and gravy were top notch.  It's not the best breakfast place but you can do a lot worse and spend a lot more for what you get.  We'll be back.
3	The atmosphere is very homey, and small town.  The portions are large and there is a huge breakfast selection.  I've only been here for breakfast and have always been satisfied.They don't take reservations and get super busy on the weekends.
2	Slow service. Mediocre food.
1	The food at Brunchies is okay, however, the manager, Caroline, is not very accommodating for large groups of professionals that would like to hold meetings every week.  Simple requests to save our spot, turning down the music, flexibility with breakfast specials, etc., etc. is not welcomed and met with NO I CAN NOT DO THAT since I have other customers!  Well if this local eaterie is to survive, the Serrano family needs to know how to manage their employees.  I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND BRUNCHIES!  I suggest spending your $$$ at another local restaurant that appreciates you!
2	Gosh, where do I start.... went for breakfast yesterday and was excited to try Brunchies as I had been hearing about it for years. I love Serrano's so I figured that this place was going to be good as well. Not even close to being like Serrano's. First off, you can definitely tell that Brunchies takes a back seat to Serrano's in the owners eyes. My first impression was not a good one based on the atmosphere and cleanliness of the restaurant and the service from the hostess. We came in the back entrance and walked to the front. The hostess was not very polite or friendly and seemed a bit slow. I know that sounds mean but she acted like she really was not excited to be there. I get it, a hostess job is not exactly exciting, however, she could have at least acted somewhat happy to seat us. In any event, the booth she sat us at was filthy. The table was clean but the seating had crap all over it and looked like it hadn't been cleaned in god knows how long. It especially grossed me out when I went to wipe the seat with my hand so I could scoot over and some of the gunk from the seat stuck to my hand. Eeeewwwwwweeeeeee. Not only that, the cups were dirty and old. In fact, I know for a fact that they are the old cups from Serrano's. How do I know? Because I have eaten at Serrano's for a long time and I actually commented on how Serrano's needed new cups on one of their comment cards. A week later, new cups at Serrano's which was great but now I know where the old ones went!Anyways, on to the menu. It was your typical greasy spoon diner breakfasts. Sometimes I don't mind that but I have really been trying to watch what I eat lately so was hoping to get something with egg whites in it. It didn't appear that was even an option on the menu. In fact, there wasn't a whole lot of anything healthy on their menu. I opted for the veggie omelet on their special menu with home fries and wheat toast. The hubby had their special of the day which was chicken fried steak with gravy, eggs, and a biscuit. The portions were definitely large which also warranted the prices (the prices were good too). So this was a definite value for breakfast, however, the food was very mediocre. Both my husbands and my eggs were not seasoned whatsoever. On the plus side, the hubby said that the biscuit definitely tasted home made.A few other notes, I was especially disgusted when I saw one of the waiters (not ours thank god) picking his nose as he walked into the kitchen. Yuck. Lastly, the big creepy statue of the old man with a tray of candy needs to go. Halloween is over and wont be happening for awhile. Needless to say, this place a big let down and I am not very thrilled to go back again. However, I most likely will have to go one more time because the hubby wants to try the hobo omelet.   :(
5	Let me preface this by sharing that I don't even live in Chandler and I'm sure I will be back at Brunchie's. Yep, it's true. My fiance and I deemed this spot as worthy of the 45 minute drive it takes to get there from where we live in North Phoenix. But I'm ahead of myself...let me begin by sharing that I was not a happy camper this morning as we left for our Sunday Brunch tradition. Late start, unexpected stops, blah blah blah...it seemed like everything was preventing me from getting food in my tummy. Despite my grumpiness, we made it to Brunchie's and sauntered inside. I was pleasantly suprised by the short wait which my grumpy self was extremely grateful for (but note that it was about 12:30 when we arrived). The joy of perusing such an appealing menu while we waited also helped tremendously. The bad mood was subsiding. Then our food came and, seriously, I couldn't remember being grumpy in the first place.The fiance tried the special of the day, the Wild West Burrito, and he was more than impressed. The size of the burrito itself was hefty and every bite had a generous portion of fillings. This place was not sheisty with their carne asada. Bonus points in my man's book!I ordered the most hearty meal that my empty stomach was craving - chicken fried steak. Umm...talk about homestyle, comfy cooking! The gravy was legit - creamy, flavorful and with bits of sausage. The biscuit was large and in charge and just as legit as the gravy on it. Even my potatoes were delicious - definitely not the Ore-Ida frozen in a bag kind. The chicken fried steak had quality all over it down to the perfect breading and thickness of the cutlet. Imagine the Denny's version on super steroids - better quality and flavor, for sure.The fiance and I even shared a short stack of pancakes (so we like having both the savory and sweet parts of brekky, can you blame us?) which were fluffy and hit the sweet spot craving. Obviously, we couldn't finish all the food in front of us and, honestly, that was the only thing we were upset about - NOT being able to eat every last bite because we were so happily full already.Long story short...we were happy with our Brunchie's experience. From the short wait, the service and our food we left the place extremely happy campers. We felt like we had just had a great huge homestyle meal just like the ones my dad makes when we're visiting. How much more comfy and happy can you get? Like I said, we plan on making the trek back here again in the future because it's THAT good.
4	Great old style Mexican breakfast!
3	Your classic middle of the road mom and pop restaurant. The atmosphere is old, country, and kitschy so it attracts a lot of the retired folks in the area. The waitresses are all the stereotypical "hey hon, how ya doin'" type of ladies-- all very nice. Food here is mediocre, but they are generous with the portions-- you'll definitely be able to come home with a doggie bag.
3	I didn't have an outstanding experience in this place.Breakfast was typical and service was rushy.  Solid 3 starsBiscuits were yum
5	Tortilla chips for breakfast?  Not just any tortilla chips, flour tortilla chips, fried and doused in cinnamon and sugar.  Arrive early though because once they run out, that's it.  This is a great establishment and I love coming here for breakfast.  We've had my mom and brother's birthday breakfasts here so I can also attest to their ability to serve large parties.  There's a large variety of meals to choose from on the menu and if you're a "breakfast is your favorite meal" type person (like me) then it could take you a minute to decide.  Mexican breakfast and traditional American breakfast items combine to make a tasty menu.  I've had everything and its all delicious "no frills" food; they make it like it's described.On an occasion, the breakfast potatoes were undercooked.  Also, when grandma is joining us she gets the whole wheat pancakes and according to her they are "raw inside" but she still continues to order them so... I don't know.  I always like to mention the restrooms in my reviews because I think it is a HUGE factor in a restaurant where I am a patron.  As many times as I have been here I've never used their facilities.  If you park behind the restaurant and come in through the rear entrance you will pass the restrooms and there is always an odor as if the toilets aren't working properly.  Luckily, they are far removed from the rest of the restaurant.Despite that, I still give this place all my stars because it has delicious food; I have never had a bad experience especially because of the awesome servers.   The servers, who seem to always be female, remind me of a time when they were called waitresses and they knew how everyone took their coffee and could juggle five plates while topping off your cup.
4	This is my favorite place to go for a quite homemade breakfast in a cute location. If you go here, you have to get the cinammon fresh toast, it's the best thing on the menu.
3	Best way to describe this place is average.  If you looking for breakfast they serve it here but dont expect much.  The place is old and everything about it is simply average.  Im bummed it wasnt better as i was really trying to support the local business here in this up and coming downtown.I wont be back...Sorry?
4	My first trip to this place. Always looking for a good, not to pricey breakfast place. Not only was the food good but the service was excellent. We had the Chorizo Skillet and Denver Omlette - both yummy. The biscuit I got with my Denver omlet was very tasty with butter and honey. I will soon return and try their lunch menu. Also, the bathroom was very clean.
1	I used to go here about 10 yrs ago. Had a couple of bad experiences.  Thought I'd give them another try.  Placed my order requesting to add an egg and bacon extra crisp.  Only 3 other tables seated.  Got my order..missing egg. Pancakes tasted frozen and thawed.  Took awhile to get our order.  Wanted bacon 'burnt'.  It seemed to have been microwaved.  Only thing that I ate was the milk.  Waitress appologized. She took off the bill the only thing that was good...The Milk!  No mas. Sorry.
4	Friend and I were up early talking Sunday morning and started talking about food, she said lets go out and I was like ok, lets do this! Didn't have a clue where I was headed just knew I was getting breakfast! My friend woke up her hubby, they jumped into the car, picked me up and that's when they told me that they read about Brunchies on Yelp and said let's give it a try and glad we did!!We got their and it's a cute little place, it looked crowded because there was a few people waiting, but we put our name on the waiting list and was seated within 6 mins afterwards. I guess we were seated in the patio area, by the huge fountain, it was nice, can look out the window on to downtown Chandler.Service was good, I didn't catch our waiters name but he was a young cute blond. Pitcher of water & carafe of coffee was left on the table, how awesome was that!On the table where tortilla chips and I was thinking man I dig me some chips and salsa but not really before my coffee, but I tried one of the chips and omg it was some sweetness!! Tortilla chips covered in cinnamon and sugar, that's what these where, so delish and an unexpected surprise, at this point I still haven't cracked the menu opened and was not really entire sure of what type of food this place was. I wound up ordering The Westerner, eggs scrambled with green chili and ham with the season potatoes, the eggs were great! The potatoes even though they were cooked, they were not quiet what I like, I think next time I will get hash browns and load them up with gravy!! The biscuit was huge, flaky, moist and delish! I topped that bad boy with some honey and just let it melt in my mouth!  Next time that baby is getting covered in gravy My friends ordered the southerner, and the Mexican skillet chorizo, both dishes looked delish!   I also saw on Yelp there is a espresso chocolate cake one can order?!?! I am going to have to hunt that down! I love me some cake!So after I got home I checked out the place online and saw that it was owned by Serranos, I think if I had known that before I went I wouldn't have gone. I have had 2 bad experiences at Serranos so I probably would have let that tainted my trip, but it hadn't and I plan on going back to Brunchies soon!
3	Order The Farmer! "chicken fried steak, two farm fresh eggs, our special homefries and choice of toast or fresh baked biscuit"Sooo good!
4	Very good.  If you want biscuits and gravy, get the half order.  Or get the on off the menu that comes with a meat and some eggs.  Point being...lots of food either way.I've never finished Machca and eggs here...ever.Besides going here gives you another opportunity to go to the old town square in Chandler.  Again, Phx (Tempe and Mesa for that matter) take note...this is how you handler your old downtown area.
3	Pretty good, portions are huge!
4	Its sat morning, and I have a full day of housecleaning on the menu for the kids and I, so I thought well lets go get breakfast before the fun starts. Woke up my teens and told them let's go, they have never been so I was looking forward to taking them.We got to our table and I noticed from my last trip there, they no longer have the cinnamon sugar covered tortilla chips :( I was looking forward to them! Now my son, he is a different type of fella, doesn't always go with the group, he ordered a yogurt parfait, I though um really? But when he got it, it was beautiful it had blueberries, strawberries and came with a blueberry scone.  He was happy.My daughter ordered the biscuit and gravy, she loved every bite! I ordered the wild west burrito that came with refried beans, inside the burrito was potatoes, carne asada, eggs, pico de gallo and I had it topped with red & green sauce.  OK no one told me that it was going to be huge, my yogurt eating son had to help me, I gave him  1/2 of it, and he loved it! I have to say I am a fan of their green sauce! Another great meal at Brunchies! Look forward to coming back again!
3	My family and I have been coming here for years and the food has always been delicious and fairly priced. I used to get the bean burrito and homefries when I was younger but now I order the Machaca skillet with eggs, which I always have to share. The portions are huge! The only complaint I have and the reason why I had to give an ok is because of the service. I have never gotten good service here. The waitresses act as though you are an inconvenience and are flat out rude. I put up with it because I love the food. If you go in with low expectations for service then you should be good.
1	I save one star reviews for exceptionally bad experiences and this was one of them. To make it short..it was over an hour before we had food on the table. I had to ask to get our order taken, then ask where our food was. It was EGGS people. It's breakfast. Not a sit down with a bottle of wine, have appetizers, chat... it was breakfast. For two people. My cousin and I walked in about 10am on a weekday. There were a ton of empty tables. We stood so long at the door with half a dozen staff people walking by us that I said "this is a bad sign maybe we should go somewhere else." And we really should have! When we finally got seated I had to ask for a waitress. After she appeared once she never came back. Until after I asked where our meal was. Usually in cases like this it's the processes that are bad not the people. But wow.. none the less... it was bad. Oh and the food.. was good. Not amazing. but good. But who cares by that time?
2	Bad service and mediocore food.
4	I have never been dissapoInted while eating the MEXICAN food here. The food here  is cheap,, beyond delicious with extremely nice and good hearted employees. I love it here, definitely better than it's sub-par sister restaurant Serrano's owned by the same family.
4	We found this place by using Google maps to see what breakfast places were near my car dealership. When I saw that it's run by the same people that own Serrano's I knew it would be good.The place is small, but big at the same time (if that makes sense). We didnt have to wait too long. The service was good, our waitress was prompt and attentive for the most part.The food was great. My husband got the basic farm scramble and when it got to the table he said "Thank God for them, their bacon is crispy." To which I replied "Ha ha, THAT is going in my Yelp review." Needless to say, he enjoyed it.I had the denver omelet. It was really good. The ham they use is actual spiral ham diced up, not deli ham like a lot of other places.We both made the mistake of ordering the biscuit instead of toast. It wasnt a mistake because it wasnt tasty, no no. It was a mistake because it was HUGE. And pretty dense, but still delicious.If youre looking for a breakfast place in Chandler, I recommend this one.
3	Cute place, got seated fairly quick, for a Saturday morning.  I ordered the Huevos Rancheros, with the green sauce on the side. Upon my order reaching the table, the green sauce was on my entree and the beans had no flavor.  The cinnamon chips saved this review.I'd be willing to try this place again as others have given it favorable reviews.Friendly service, our waiter seemed new, we were all new at one point or another.
1	Got here at 7:10-- left at 8:10. Service was slow and inattentive. 3 eggs arrived with three different doneness. One was over hard. No jam or jelly was served with the toast. I never had the opportunity to tell my server, because she never came by to check on me. She dropped my food, then my check. She walked away, still without asking how things were. I had to catch her attention by saying "Miss!" and she turned around from ten feet away and looked at me, instead of returning. I told her I'd like tea from across the room. (I wanted the tea 20 minutes before.) Dropped the tea and picked my check up again to add to it, but never brought the check back. Finally, I asked and she brought it to me. Total time for bad breakfast: One hour of my life that I will never get back.
2	Possibly closer to 1.My family has eaten here for as long as they've been in business.  Mostly I really like the place.  I can remember having macha and eggs and coming no where close to finishing it.But I'm afraid those days have passed.The last two times we've been there have been exercises in mediocrity.  We order biscuits and gravy with bacon and 2 eggs (over easy, not over medium, not over hard. OVER EASY DO I REALLY NEED TO TEACH YOU HOW TO DO IT???!!!Ok the good news.  For me, as long as you don't burn it, you cant screw up bacon.Biscuits and gravy.  Well first it's not a biscuit.  It a cake like device.  This is not to say it's bad, rather it's to say it's not a biscuit in the traditional sense.  Gravy comes out cool to warm....but never hot.Ok onto the egg.  I want it over easy.  That means if any of the yolk is hard, it is not over easy.  This shouldn't be a hard concept to grasp.  I when you flip the egg onto the plate and you see hardness in the yolk, don't sent it out unless someone asked for a n over medium egg.   I ASKED FOR OVER EASY THIS IS NOT HARD TO DO!!! WHY DO YOU INSIST ON SENDING ME AN OVERCOOKED EGG??  I GAVE YOU AN EASY TASK I WANTED TO CHALLENGE YOU I WOULD HAVE ORDERED MY EGGS SCRAMBLED BECAUSE I KNOW YOU WOULD HAVE SCREWED IT UP OUT OF HAND.  BUT NO I ASKED FOR OVER EASY...COOK THE WHtIE ON THE FIRST SIDE, FLIP THE EGG 20-30 SECONDS IT'S DONE.  WAS THAT HARD??? THEN WHY AM I SENDING MY EGGS BACK????  ARRRRRGGGGGGHHHH!!!!!
1	Food was ok.. Waitress was horrible
4	Alright. Just came back from my first visit to Brunchies and I have one question.What's with all the negative reviews? I wonder if some of these reviewers expect a 5 star restaurant experience every time they go out? As soon as I walked into the front door, I knew what I was in for. Your traditional mom & pop shop diner experience. The kind of place your grandpa goes to have coffee in the morning with the other regulars.That's what I got and loved it!The decor is aged. For me, the sign of a great diner that has weathered the years. Even more proof that the food & service keeps customers coming back. The staff were fantastic. Cracking jokes and making sure my coffee didn't get below half full.I ordered the Carne Asada & eggs. I didn't have to wait too long for it to arrive and I thoroughly enjoyed it! The eggs were cooked to order, I like my eggs over medium and they were just right! No runny white stuff! The meat, tender and flavorful. Some beans and two tortillas finished it off.I'll definitely be returning to Brunchies and trying more from their huge menu and to try some of the amazing cakes I was spying under those glass covers ;-)
3	I am a bit torn with this place.I think the location is pretty good with a good amount of parking.  I really like the homey feel of the restaurant and the sidewalk/patio seating.  I have also had nothing but really good service.  The servers are really nice and even made a hard boiled egg for my niece.  Which evidently did not make them popular with the kitchen.  So why three stars?I have tried the huevos rancheros and the enchiladas ranchers on my visits because how could you not want mexican for breakfast?  My eggs were cooked perfectly both times ( although kind of on the small side the last time ), but they were both kinda bland and had no kick.  The huevos rancheros come in an unusual kind of gravy like sauce and there was way too much of it. The enchilada's sauce just didn't really taste like anything.  I think on my next visit I will stick to more traditional breakfast fair.
4	Saturday 11:30 AM nothing seemed to be calling to us.....then we smelled meat.....we weren't sure where it was coming from but, in true carnivore fashion, I started following the smell......When we got to the corner of Boston and Arizona, we lost the scent....We crossed over, hoping to find it but it was gone.....but we found ourselves in front of Brunchies.  Not being familiar with it but always a sucker for a good indie restaurant, we just had to go in.  I think we got the last two seats in the place so I thought - it can't be bad.And, my instincts were right-on!  What a gem we found in Brunchies!First and foremost, the coffee.  Good and hot!  Nothing makes a meal forgettable like lousy or lukewarm coffee.  This was hot and the waitress kept the cups refilled to the point where I think we were floating out the door.Now, the food. I ordered the Multi-grain combo, which is 3 multigrain cakes with almonds and walnuts, an egg, and meat. I hate places that force me into potatoes or toast along with the cakes - seriously, why carbo load??  And these pancakes - well, if you told me they had pixie dust in them, I would not be surprised because they were simply magically awesome cakes,  They were so full of nuts and flavor - I truly can say of all of the multi-grain cakes I have had anywhere, these were hands-down the best.  I had a sunnyside egg which was cooked nicely and not overdone.  And the bacon was fairly crispy.  All in all, a great breakfast!DH ordered the Chorizo skillet.  Now, DH is not a small fellow and it takes alot for him to admit defeat, but that skillet did him in.  It was a wonderful combo of sausage, eggs, potatoes, cheese, chilis, and onions.  The flavors were great and he said the Chorizo was exceptional, better than most places we have had since we landed in AZ several months ago.We did not opt for a cinnamon roll but I gather that must be one popular item as we seemed to be the ONLY table not ordering one... what I want to know is, how did they have room for one?? Yeow. we could barely finish our breakfasts, there was no room for a roll :)  Maybe next time, we can pace ourselves better ;)
4	Good ole fashion diner breakfast, brunch and lunch. In the days of Denny's, Applebees and the other chains, it's always nice to eat at a family establishment. Everything on the menu is good, can't go wrong. There is sometimes a wait - but the line moves quickly.
5	If you are familiar with the Serrano's Mexican Food Restaurant, a popular family owned business, then you have to try Brunchies! The Serrano family business dates back to 1929; what used to be their clothing department store is now their breakfast and lunch restaurant located on Arizona Avenue and Boston in downtown Chandler, right next to their Serrano's Mexican Food Restaurant. Although Serrano's is a delicious mexican restaurant, Brunchies is a well-known joint in downtown Chandler that has many loyal regulars. I consider myself a regular, only because I have friends that work there, so I'd say I have a connection. This restaurant is the place to go if you have cravings for one of the best breakfasts in Chandler. Entering Brunchies has quite the vintage southwestern theme and having a great staff knowing their environment like it's their home and treating each table with great service. The food never fails my appetite and I'm positive if you give this place a try you'll surely be satisfied. The memory of the first time I went here was with my family and relatives. As I observed Brunchies, they were pretty packed, filled with people waiting in line to be seated, and this was around breakfast time too. They have several rooms for diners which includes a room with a large view of a water fountain, that I thought was pretty cool. Looking around me, the ambience of this restaurant is quite a casual, family-friendly environment which I mostly prefer in restaurants. There are two entrances, the front and the back door. Along the walls are Arizona articles about the history and greatness of this place, old newspapers identifying how old Brunchies is and pictures of people who have their connection to Brunchies and the growth of Chandler. Seeing and reading some of the many historic and artifacts along the walls are interesting, it makes this restaurant a vintage classic in my opinion. And not to leave out the cool, firm looking statue of a man holding a tray of mints for you to take when you exit the restaurant. Another great detail of this restaurant is the service.The staff of Brunchies is quite the crew that ranges from teenagers, young adults and elders. Everytime I walk in I am greeted nicely by mostly everyone. With every server, I always have a pleasant time. The ambience of Brunchies is what I enjoy. On the weekdays it is always steady and chill but the weekends are the best because it gets busy and more family oriented, which I both like because of the company it brings to the atmosphere in Brunchies. Next best thing to Brunchies other than service is their fine quality food. Whether you are looking for breakfast or lunch they have a huge variety of both Mexican or American and southwestern inspired food to satisfy your hunger. The price is very affordable in my opinion, the meals I usually get range from only $7 to $10. With their breakfast menu you have much to choose from. With breakfast, everything is a great selection that includes their farm scrambles, pancakes, french toast, breakfast burros, enchiladas and skillets. On the lunch menu you have options of burgers, wraps, quesadillas, burros, tacos, homemade soups, specialty salads and sandwiches. All these foods are quality made and each meal on the menu has a southwestern or mexican inspired name. My classic two meals I always get when I go to Brunchies is either the "Farmer", a chicken fried steak with two farm fresh eggs or the "Chorizo skillet", Mexican pork sausage, topped with two farm fresh eggs and the special home fries. Also, the portions in each meal are huge. I usually come in with a big appetite, but I rarely do finish so I always box it up to take home.I got the chance on Friday June 22nd, waking up from a thirsty Thursday festive night to catch a bite. The hours of Brunchies Monday-Friday 6am-2pm, Saturday and Sunday from 6am-3pm. I was hoping to catch an interview from the manager, but sadly I did not, although I got an interview from two servers, Adam and Allen. These guys and the rest of the staff know how to keep each table happy and satisfied. I asked a lot of questions, and one that really stood out for me was when I asked, "What do you like most about Brunchies as a server? A server named Adam Nieland responded, "Sometimes days can be tough with the main job requirements of pleasing our customers, but at the end of the day us as a staff work as a great team and the relationships we carry with each other and a lot of our customers is like family."To me this review is easily a 5-star rating for me, but looking through yelp I see many things going wrong. Out of 58 reviews, being overall 3 and half stars; I see 2 and 3 stars. Obviously these people don't see the perspective of what I see, maybe I always go at a good time so I can get the good service I want? At the end of the day, breakfast is the most important part of the day. The great part about this place is that you can come in and get a great breakfast even at lunch
3	I've been here a couple of times.  First, avoid the back booths in the main dining room...seemed dimly lit.  The food is OK, a bit of a griddle taste with pancakes, first couple of bites is interesting then become a taste distraction that prevented the enjoyment of my meal.  Their sausage gravy is good as is their biscuits.  A little pricy for hot tea, come on!  Overall, recommend to give it a try, you might find a good breakfast choice.  Free parking everywhere!!
4	Went to Brunchie's for the first time today because I've had a serious craving for biscuits and gravy that's been haunting me for the past month or so.  They had something on the menu called the Southern biscuit that includes B & G and 2 eggs and 2 pieces of bacon (or a sausage patty).  That's what I ordered and it was excellent.  The sausage gravy has a healthy amount of sausage pieces in it, and it's peppery, but not too peppery.  Bacon and eggs were cooked perfectly.  I tell ya, if you like egg yolk dripping onto a biscuit, this is the way to go!  The portion was so huge I brought home more than half to have for breakfast tomorrow.  Or, maybe this afternoon.My husband had their basic breakfast with bacon, eggs, hash browns, and a biscuit on the side.  Everything was cooked just like he likes it.  Their biscuits are interesting.  It's obvious they are homemade but the texture isn't quite like a biscuit I'm used to.  Kind of a cross between a biscuit and a scone.  I liked it because I like dense bread.  And they stand up to the gravy well without falling apart.  The coffee was good and strong, but nothing special on the flavor.  Overall I would definitely come back for a good basic breakfast.  The only con has nothing to do with them.  A family towards the front had a screaming baby that went on and on.  Really ridiculous to subject everyone to that.  We were towards the back so it wasn't so bad, but people really need to remove their crumbsnatchers when a tantrum ensues.
2	Sunday 9/10/12 8:15 AMWe have been to Brunchies many times.  They are very inconsistent with their quality of food.  When it's good, it's really good.  But then there are the times where it just doesn't come together.  Today was one of the later.  The eggs I ordered over medium were served over easy, the refried beans that I got with them were cold and my husbands bacon was raw ~ so raw that he only ate half.  To him it's a sin to leave any bacon behind.  This is the first time in our 35 years of marriage that I've ever seen him leave even a speck of bacon uneaten.  When you hit them on a good day it's great food and a good qualtiy for your money.
5	Brunchies was recommended by Chandler Regional Hospital Patient Information. I stopped for Chile Relleno breakfast and it was authentic and delicious. Sauce and  beans smothered the relleno with warm tortillas served on the side. I will order same item when I next visit Chandler. The servers were knowledgable and attentive.
5	Downtown Chandler has one breakfast spot that surpasses all of its competition: BRUNCHIES! The omelets are huge, the potatos are crisp and delicious, and the biscuits and gravy are, truly, legendary and must be seen to be believed (really, you'll go wide-eyed when you see their biscuits).I was not surprised to learn that Brunchies was owned by the Serrano family, which operates another favorite of mine, SERRANO'S, an amazing Mexican restaurant just down the street. I think I read somewhere that the Serrano family business is one of the oldest continually-operating small businesses in Chandler, dating back to around 1919 or so. I will attribute their longevity and success to the quality of the food in their restaurants, and the dining experience they give their customers.HINT: especially on weekends, the wait at Brunchies can be pretty long, but you can call-in and get your name added to the list before you arrive -- and thereby cut down on your wait-time once you get to the restaurant... but a big caveat there, don't call so early that you miss when you're name is called!
2	The staff is friendly and attentive. Too bad the food is so limited and not too impressive. There's some good items, but there's better places not to far for the same price point.
1	You just lost our business.. no longer open on Sundays is a very bad decision. Religion and business does not belong together.. seperate
1	Eek is right...not sure what all of the rave reviews are about?! Saturday afternoon lunch...none of the employees looked happy to be there. No real greeting, took a long time to be seated, and then the service was horrendous! A solid 10 minutes of sitting, another 10 minutes to get drinks, and then all the food was on the table before we had silverware. During the meal, we had 4 or 5 different waitresses, people bringing random things at different times, and orders had to be verified 3 times. I ordered the southwest chicken salad, which came with a mini quesadilla. Somehow, I was the last one to be served. Some things looked/smelled good, but the salad was a little limp, the fruit was slimy, and there were no refills. On a happy note, prices are decent/cheap.
2	Trying a new breakfast spot we traveled over to Brunchies in downtown Chandler. The menu was full of basic breakfast staples and a surprisingly amount of Mexican dishes (actually not too surprisingly after I learned Brunchies is owned by Serrano's, next door). Ok, normally I wouldn't write about this but I cant let it slide. The water was bad. Not just bad AWFUL! Some of the worst water I have ever tasted in my life, and believe me I've had some water that a dog would shy away from. The water was so bad it even tainted the coffee. Trying to look past the mauvaise eau, I decided to let the food do the talking. I was in a particularly healthy mood so I opted for the Southern Biscuits which were two biscuits topped with eggs and southern gravy. The biscuits were not to bad, a little crumbly, the eggs were fine, and the gravy was fine too, although definitely made from a mix. Overall my entire meal was...fine. Kind of a one note tune. Not good, not bad, just fine.  Another person in my group ordered an omelet, I cant remember which one but he agreed that it was just fine as well. The service was great and the food came quickly which was nice. If I was to go back I would definitely try one of the many Mexican inspired dishes. Unfortunately thanks to so-so food and the water situation (yes is was that bad) I doubt I will ever be going back.
4	awesome breakfast.
2	Sorry guys - not a fan.  We tried Brunchies for breakfast and were dissappointed at almost every level.  It was a Sunday and not too busy so the service should have been better [faster].  The over-easy eggs were over-hard and had to be sent back.  THe bacon was obviously pre-made and cold.  By that time the kids had finished their pancakes and my wife had stopped after eating only half her meal.  Our drinks were never refilled and we only saw our server when the order was taken and when the bill was dropped off.  We may give them another shot, but it is doubtful.
5	Very nice family environment. the food is great, and the service is too! Especially the waitress named Andrea! Ask for her and she will take care of you. Also the host, aaron, is great. He is very pleasant to speak with!
2	We were stuck in Chandler, called a friend and he recommended this place.  It's not bad.  Just average.  I guess it is owned by Serrannos Mexican Restaurant so thematically all the food had a Mexican flair to it.  You get a lot of food for your money.  I just found this place unremarkable.I don't know if I would go back, but it is better than Denny's,
3	Id say this is an average breakfast spot. Great service but nothing "special" about the food. Go if you are in the area. Nothing good or bad, which in my book is ok if you want breakfast simple.
1	Waited 30 minutes for my French dip to arrive before walking out.  The dirty glasses and silverware did not help either.
1	So I love Serranos and when I come to AZ to visit family I usually always eat there once. On this particular trip my family wanted brunch instead of dinner so I suggested Brunchies. Terrible call. We were seated at a table and helped by an elderly woman who seemed nice enough. 5 minutes in we have no water, silver wear, or our order taken. 10 minutes in we finally place our order. 30 minutes in we still have not received our food or the basket of sugar chips (which are good) even though people around us who arrived later have all got theirs. I ask for an update and I'm told the food will be right out. 10 minutes later I ask again and they say its only two minutes away but at this point we are going to be late for a wedding I have to attend and can't wait any longer. We leave having eaten nothing. I've worked in th restaurant industry a long time and can say this experience ranks near the top of my worst ever list. Usually if an order is taking too long someone made a mistake, which is fine when a manager explains the hold up and often times even offers a free appetizer or something while you wait. It was over 40 minutes from the time we ordered until we left and not once die we receive an apology, explanation, or just an update from our server or a manager. I will never recommend Brunchies to anyone.
3	Average at best. Three stars is probably too much. Food was lacking flavor and we were extremely disappointed. I will not be heartbroken if I don't go back.
1	Poor service and mediocre food; our money would have been better spent at Denny's.  - Our first 2 entrees arrived about 10 minutes before everyone else's WITHOUT utensils.  I immediately notified the person who brought the food that we had nothing to eat with.  We never saw that person again.  I got up and found a busser that we needed utensils he said ok but got distracted and didn't bring the utensils. I got up once again and finally got utensils to our table (3rd request).  So annoying to have the food at the table, watching it get cold, while you are continually ignored and having nothing to eat with.  - The other dishes came out but somehow they completely forgot one person's order.  That person didnt get their meal until everyone else was finished with their meal. How ridiculous. - My meal came out piece meal. They brought the gravy out before the biscuits were readt.  I asked them to take the gravy back and just bring it back when the biscuits where ready as the gravy was already cold. What do they do? Instead of serving up a new cup of gravy they zapped in the microwave making unbearably hot to eat and leaving the top dried and crusted.  - This horrible service was complimented with food that was not even that good.  Very disappointed with everything.  Don't recommend this place to anyone.
5	Don't write this place off. Place is still awesome. They get slammed at breakfast time. So expect to wait a little bit for the food. We had great service, but we knew our server,and she took really good care of us and the people around us. We always consider this place for breakfast if we are not already headed to Yoli's! Had the chorizo and eggs and was super yummy. Wife had a smorgasbord of things and was satisfied! All the regulars here keep coming back, so I wouldn't stop coming here if I had 1 or 2 bad experiences out of the 100.
1	In my effort to avoid chain restaurants and support local businesses we decided to try Brunchies. Terrible experience. Our greeting was less than friendly. The environment is tacky. While our server was very nice we never got water he never checked back after dropping our food and only refilled our drinks when we asked as he brought the check. During our meal two managers walked by several times and should have noticed we were in need of drinks and water and perhaps a quality check on our food. But no. We were seated in the front area and there was only one other table so I'm still confused by the lack of service and attention to detail. Overall just an average meal with large portions and non existent service. Very dissapointing.
5	Killer service. Great food. Unique atmosphere. What more can you ask for? Oh yeah, a chicken fried steak with the best homestyle gravy around accompanied by cheese smothered crispy home fries. Yeah, yeah that's even better. This was one of the best breakfasts I've had in quite a while. BREAKFAST OF CHAMPIONS!
2	Dear Brunchies,Thanks for forgetting the salsa with my enormously over sized, yet surprisingly tasty bacon and egg burro. I am unable to walk back over to your establishment to get salsa, therefore I am using ketchup. This is your fault. The burrito is decent. It is huge and I got a lot of food for the amount of money I paid this morning. The tortilla has a really good flavor and I can't pinpoint what makes it so unique. I was also excited that the re-fried beans weren't salty! I would rather have bland re-fried beans and add salt to my preference. Not sure any of that helps, but if you order to go, make sure you double check for condiments!
3	My order came before my coffee.Coffee not hot when it came. Ordered biscuts & Gravy Very Good.Wait staff skills need improvement
3	Biscuits and gravy with sausage patty is top notch, and the soda didn't taste funky like in so many places.   It's incredible how lousy the service is every single time.  But I will be back.
1	I went back today and today was the quite possibly the last time I will ever go.  That last statement almost pains me since my family are long time residents of Chandler (as in wherever you live in Chandler was probably a melon, cotton, alfalfa field or dairy when we got here).The above being said, I only make the point to say I remember when the place was actually really good.Today they hit rock bottom with such force that they should close the doors permanently.First, it's not like the place was packed (it wasn't) but we asked for a booth.  The booth needed to be cleaned.  The hostess/manager asked the busboy to clean the open booth for us.  Long story short, two other booths emptied out before our booth was cleaned.  Strike one.We sat down and ordered coffee and water.  After two more requests for water, it arrived.  Strike two.We ordered breakfast.  Twenty five minutes later (again, the place wasn't crowded) I asked if I needed to go back and help cook.  Five minutes later, the wrong order (not even remotely close to what we asked for) showed up at our table.  Strike three...I outta here!!!!As an aside a table of three ahead of us had their order dorked up too.  It went back to the kitchen at least twice.Sorry to say, but the folks at Brunchies have given up.A zero is appropriate here but isn't a choice.
5	Worth the wait on the weekends.  All the food is very classic American style and delicious.
2	We like our brunches, however this restaurant was maybe average at best. We arrived at 11 a.m.so it wasn't that busy and we were seated immediately. We were also waited on quickly, however I had to ask for water three times. Our potato orders were cold. Rest of food was mediocre. Waiters were running around quickly and appearing busy, but they didn't seem to know what to do. While our experience was OK, I don't think we will be eating here again.
4	Brunch meeting today with 2 colleagues. I haven't been here for awhile so we met at my suggestion. I was nervous considering the recent bad reviews. But happily, we had a very enjoyable experience.First, our server was very sweet and attentive. It was not busy at all at 9am on a Fri and we were seated promptly with water right away. We had to wait awhile for our 3rd party to arrive but our server was totally patient and checked up on us. I ordered coffee which was pretty good and piping hot. And she left the carafe for me. I loved the fact that they have stevia in the raw in the sugar holder. I'm kind of an annoying customer at restaurants since I have (self-imposed) dietary restrictions, especially right after the new year trying to lose my holiday weight! On my order I requested all egg whites, fresh fruit instead of potatoes, whole wheat toast dry with butter on the side, and non-dairy creamer. It came out to close to $2 up charge for the changes, but whatever, I was so happy when my order came out correct and I didn't even have to repeat myself once. Awesome.The food was pretty good and came out fast. Bacon was a little greasy and a little too much in my scramble. But overall, it was hot and fresh. You can always tell by the fruit. My fruit was very fresh.My colleagues ordered the whole grain pancakes and huevos rancheros which both looked delicious. I got confirmation that they indeed were (I'm ordering that HR on my next cheat day! Yum).Nice quaint place. We sat on the enclosed patio with the fountain facing the street. It was very nice. Will be back!
5	Great food at a very excellent price! we ate here on a Saturday for brunch. The food was very good, service excellent and even more surprised by the price. The sugar / cinnamon chips were outstanding! Our server was friendly and engaging with bunny ears to boot! We will definitely be back. The menu has a good mix of American and Mexican food. Coffee was fresh and the food hot. I give it a two thumbs up! They also offer outdoor seating.
2	I've only been here a few times, both times I was disapointed. This last time the service was very slow and my stomach was a little upset after. I thought the biscuits and gravy was mediocre but a lot of people on here seem to like them. I don't plan on going back, and wouldn't really recomend going here, but they have a unique style and a very Mexican influenced menu so maybe for you its worth a try.
5	One word: Amazeballs.   You will not be sorry that you came here.  Portions are large!
4	A great little place to stop and have breakfast in downtown Chandler. Their menu is pretty extensive and they have a lot of things ranging from traditional American breakfast (pancakes, waffles, eggs, etc.) to Mexican offerings such as chorizo.I got the chorizo and eggs which was very tasty but not exactly a great consistency. The chorizo was kind of runny and ground to a texture that's much too fine for my preference. The effect was not all that great, if you take my meaning. But everything tasted great and the service was quick and friendly.This is a place that pushes a loyalty program on you, so if you are the kind of person who hates that kind of thing, I'd stay away.
4	Stayed at the Crown Plaza Resort which was walking distance to so many great places. Tried this place as friends who are local Chandeliers recommended it. The front patio is nice. Food was great chorizo and egg burrito. Portions were huge and prices were super reasonable for quality and quantity. Service was very good. Definite must go to for breakfast or lunch/brunch.
4	Oh, and sit outside!
1	I went about 2 months ago the food was horrible if I can recall it was the green chile verde envhiladas that i had they were bland and horrible. And the side of beans which I'm not really a big fan of anyways but given I am mexican those were the most dissapointing watery beans I've had in my entire life. The place looks very outdated and by the way the food tasted and was presented I wouldn't doubt if it most of the food ob my plate wasn't made fresh that day so dissapointed with this place I even remember putting on the reciept that I'd never recommend a friend to eat their.
5	Came here for a late breakfast with out-of-town friends on a Friday morning and had a great experience. We all shared a cinnamon roll first, and when we told our waitress we'd love extra icing, she informed us that they top it off themselves in the back - and made sure to have it dripping with extra! We all had different things from the large menu (breakfast quesadilla, omelet, biscuits & gravy)... all were very good! Service was quick, coffee and water always refilled. I'll definitely be back!
1	Usually I don't write these reviews, but felt compelled after a very average experience at this restaurant. Stopped in on Saturday morning.  Hostess told us 15 minute wait but were seated in 5 minutes.  Ordered our food which took WAY too long (almost 30 minutes).  Sat outside and had to deal with a lot of flies.  It didn't seem like a very clean restaurant (I can only imagine what the kitchen is like.  Average food.  Nothing to write home about.  Average, indifferent staff.  Not going back.
5	How does this place not have more stars? They have the best coffee. Anytime I order the food comes quickly and my order is away correct. The food is delicious. There is a wait but that is to be expected on weekends.
1	Food was not very good. Service was subpar. 4 out of the 6 water glasses were dirty with lipstick. There was syrup on one of the chairs that my mother-in-law sat in. The floor under the table was filthy. I would not recommend eating here and will never be back.
5	We eat breakfast here all the time. Love the machaca burrito and the cinnamon chips. Any of the Mexican breakfast items are delicious. I am actually surprised at some of these reviews. Never had a bad experience here.
