5	I have nothing bad to say about this library. I used to go here almost every day before I had a laptop. It was only a 2 min ride so that made it pretty convenient. Lots of books, magazines and computers to go on. I only wish it had longer hours.
4	Very good library!  A lot of newspapers from around the US...very nice.  Good location -- just off Sahara.  Contemporary exterior design...that seems a little out of place for that part of town, but oh well.  The staff are always friendly and helpful.  Thank you Sahara West Library!
5	Before I moved to Las Vegas, I used to be a frequent visitor at the library in my home town... During Middle School & High School... So it's been awhile! Times have changed and the experience is a lot smoother than it used to be. I've been going to this location since I moved here 5 1/2 yrs ago at least every week. I can spend the entire day here, which is funny because I'm really not as geeky as I am making myself out to be, I just enjoy the different types of media that are accessible to you at this location and the staff is so friendly and knowledgeable, it's Summerlin, hello? What's a Card Catalog? lol They don't have that system anymore, they have computers to look up the items you need whether it'd be a book, magazine, video, etc. I love that they have FREE Wi-Fi, computers to access the internet or do a paper, if you're in school, clean restrooms, DVD rentals at no additional cost and the facility is pretty high-tech considering what I was used to before I moved here. You checkout your own items and to return your books, they implemented a new system that your items ride on a conveyor belt and scans each item and instantly checks your items out. Although it's pretty cool system, it's the only thing I am not a fan of. It used to be that there was a long line to check out books, now, it's to return them. You do have an option to slide them through the slots next to the scanning system but you're not allowed to put any other type of media (DVD's or CD's) through there so it can take FOREVER, especially if you've got a not-so-tech-savy older person in front of you that isn't willing to allow you to assist them. It's a pain when you're in hurry. Me hearts this Library!
5	Is it telling that having just moved to Vegas a couple weeks ago I chose to go get my library card first when I haven't even gotten my Nevada state driver's license?  ;)  I think libraries are one of the best inventions ever.  To be able to read books for free?  What else can you ask for?  I wish more things in life were that easy.  Ok, I'll stop this nerd talk before I get scoffed at.  I was very pleasantly surprised with this library.  As I was walking around gathering books I couldn't keep the goofy grin off my face.  First off, it's HUGE with plenty of parking.  They have a large children's section and the selection books and dvds are fantastic.  Most of the other libraries I've frequented (in LA and Seattle) it'd be impossible to find new bestsellers.  You'd have to request it and wait months to get it.  However, at this library I was able to find several new bestsellers in the stacks.  The library is organized nicely and it's super easy to find whatever you may need.   Yay!  I'm so excited!  Today was the first day I started to feel somewhat home here in Vegas.  :)
5	First off, I just want to say this is an awesome library as far as libraries go.And this is now my LVCCLD library of choice.  It is located conveniently close to where I live now (SW Las Vegas).  And before that when I crashed at a friend's condo for month without a steady Internet, it is where I would literally drive down the block to surf the web, check out the DVD library and of course the cookbooks and magazines.I almost always leave the library with at least 20-30 cookbooks, and most of them are in great condition.  Of course we also have patrons that can not be bothered to xerox a few pages and decided to ripe out entire section on sauces and dips in Nobu's cookbook that is beautiful enough to be a coffee table book. But I digress.This particular library is probably the best looking structure out of the ones I have visited thus far in Las Vegas, and is more beautiful than many libraries I have been to in California.  Parking is usually not an issue, but can get rather scarce when special events are scheduled (book reading for children).Since it is part of the LVCCLD it has access to a vast collection of books distributed across the library system, of which I am mostly interested in the cookbooks and related topics. And they have some very nice selections of high end books in this category.For patrons interested in borrowing DVDs, you can place your requests on future releases and wait for an email alerting you to go pick it up.  Or you can browse the selections of DVDs on shelves located on the 2nd floor.For music lovers, the CDs are located on the main floor on the right, just past the self-check out stations.  I have never used this service, but see plenty of people take advantage of the collection, especially on weekends.The periodicals available is decent.  And you can check out the ones that is not the latest issue.  The only thing i don't like is that the system does not tell you what it is you are checking out, just the barcode.  So if you check out a lot of magazines like me, it can be a chore to try and track down the ones that has to due for a return. As mentioned by other reviews, the Internet access is free, and takes a few steps to get connected. With the summer heat, I sometimes like to just go and check out what new cookbooks or magazines are available for purchase in the used book store.  Then spend the rest of the time in the library reading or surfing the web in the cool comfort of the library's air conditioned complex.  But unfortunately with the severe budget crisis affecting the country, state, and municipalities, LVCCLD has recently been forced to eliminate several staff positions and reduced the hours of operation.  New hours of operation at Sahara West:M - Th, 10 a.m. - 7 p.m.F - Sun, 10 a.m. - 6 p.mAnd here is a quick summery about this library from the webpage:The Sahara West Library features a computer center with 12 public computer workstations, a 150-seat multipurpose room, a 45 seat board room, a 35 seat meeting room, and a used bookstore. The library houses the International Language Collection, a collection of books, magazines, newspapers and videos in 37 different languages. It also offers free wireless Internet access.
5	I've been to three or four Clark County public libraries, and Sahara West is easily my favorite.  Unlike the others I've visited, it is the largest and most spacious with two stories.  The upper floor is divided into two sections: one side has juvenile literature and children's books, and the other side is where you'll find fiction, non-fiction, large-print and audio books, along with DVDs.  This is my favorite part of the library because it has most of the books I'm looking for and plenty of spots to sit and study.  There are small nooks in the north wall with windows and a chair or two where you can read or study privately.   There are variously sized tables located throughout the floor if you're studying with friends.  And there are some lounge-style chairs and more work tables against the south wall so that you can enjoy the natural light and the view outside, while enjoying the air-conditioned interior of the quiet library.  Part of this section also has high arched ceilings that give it a roomy feel.  The lower floor is also divided into sections.  The library portion is devoted mostly to newspapers, magazines, and CDs, but there is also a shelf of new books and books that have been placed on hold or requested from other libraries.  The lower-floor of the library has twelve-foot (or so) ceilings, more windows along the south wall, and some extra quiet, glassed-in reading rooms along the south wall.  There are also plenty of tables and chairs located throughout this floor.  Both floors of the library have a set of restrooms.The other portion of the lower floor, where you enter the building, opens into a sort of atrium.  The ceiling is very high because the second floor does not extend over all of the atrium.  A series of skylights high above let in natural light.  From the atrium, you can enter the library portion just described, or any of several other lower-ceilinged mini-sections.  There is a small eating area with tables and chairs and a couple of vending machines.  Nearby is yet another set of restrooms. There is also a cozy, circular "grotto" with five benches around the perimeter.  There is a small art gallery with a featured artist (or artists) on exhibit.  And what used to be a closet-sized bookstore called Twice Told Tales has relocated and expanded to a larger store in the atrium.  It is now called the Foundation Bookstore and sells discontinued and surplus books.  In the middle of the atrium is a colorfully painted sculpture of a cow entitled, "Udderly Spectacular."I think the only thing that would improve this library would be a coffee shop in place of the vending machines.  But I absolutely love this library as it is and I spend a lot of time here.
4	I have been to the following libraries in the Vegas area: Sahara West, Spring Valley, West Charleston and Clark County. This library is HUGE, it doesn't feel as claustrophobic as the Spring Valley library on Flamingo@Jones. The Clark County library is pretty huge too, but the layout of that library is pretty damn confusing, whereas Sahara West is always easy to navigate. Sahara West and West Charleston are definitely my two favorites(and they have the best selections out of the 4 I've been to). It's a pretty interesting building architecture wise. Art is also a central part of the place(it used to be attached to the Las Vegas Art Museum), but they have really toned the art aspect down in recent times unfortunately. I do have a few gripes though: one major problem I have noticed here is that the shelves have a tendency to have as many as 10 copies of a really popular/in-demand item, which makes it kind of hard to find more interesting, lesser-known items at times. Also, I really wish they had a Sahara-fronting entrance. The location is kind of hidden, but it's one of the most uncanny buildings you will see in all of Vegas so it's pretty hard to miss. They also like to lend the open space in-between the library and former art museum for mini-festivals/bazaars(and just like every other library, 100% of the events held here are FREE). Sahara West seems to be the favorite library of a lot of people, and once you visit it's pretty easy see why.
4	I love going to a Library.  It's a nice break from the day to day rat race.  Was here today to study and work on one of my final projects due in a couple of weeks.This Library is one of my favorite ones in Vegas.  Why?  Here's the breakdown:PROS- It's clean and well kept.- If they don't have the book you're looking for, they will order it from another library in Vegas so you can pick it up later.- There are plenty of quiet areas where you can sit, read, study, or relax.- They enforce the "no cell phone" rule.....some libraries in town don't.- They have an Arts area where they feature local artists' work.CONS- The lines to check out books can be slow at times.Overall, it's a great place to be.Will I return?  Of course!
5	I've never been to the library so much in my life until i moved out here in Vegas. This one is probably the best one in Vegas and the best one I've ever been to, PERIOD! This is the only one I've seen so far with an art museum inside. They have this awesome new system to return and check out things. And it really does help. Although, I do feel sorry for those who probably lost their job to a machine. I'm not much of a reader. So, I do speak for those who feel me... They let you borrow CDs and DVDs. It's legitfulness.. Yes, that's a word (in my dictionary anyway). There's also this international section where they have magazines and updated news papers from all kinds of countries.Overall, this is a pretty chill hangout. They also have private rooms for your study groups or meetings.I guess all they're missing now is a coffee house inside *hint hint ;)
4	As my nickname here in Yelp is "The Transcendental Bookworm", you would be right in assuming that I have a love for literature and books.  As this library is right up my alley, I love coming here to both browse and read, and while it isn't a good as UNLV's Lied Library back when I was a student, it's still a very solid and nice library.For starters, the actual "library" is just part of the facility itself.  There is a used bookstore, meeting halls and they occasionally have (albeit small" art exhibits.  The place is very large for a Clark County library.They have not just a wide selection of books, but also of other multimedia like music and film.  Way back when, the only kinds of movies you could find would either be very old classics or documentaries, now you can find anything from blockbuster films to pro wrestling DVDs (yes, you read that right).  When I first started coming here in middle school, they had a physical circulation desk.  Now, everything is automated.  This can be a good or bad thing based on your personal preferences, but it's a good display of evolving the library.  There are quite a few study rooms for when you are cramming for exams, and there are several good reading areas that are relatively secluded from the high traffic walkways.  This is where I usually go when I want to do some reading outside of my house, and there are few things more relaxing than going here and plunging into a good book with some jazz on my iPod.  Unfortunately, due to the recession and cuts to public institutions, the library has severely cut their hours.  It used to be open until 9 Monday through Thursday, now it's until 6.  By comparison, UNLV's Lied Library is open until midnight Mon-Thurs, so I am a bit spoiled by it back when I was a student.  Secondly, the Wi-Fi in the library moves like Rush Hour traffic on the 95.  If you're coming here to do work on a laptop, be patient, or find a Starbucks to work at.  The West Sahara Library is one of the better Clark County Libraries, and it's a great place to not just check out material but to just read inside.PROS:Large, contains more than just a libraryAutomated checkout and book returnsCozy reading areasVery little annoying cell phone useCONS:Very slow Wi-FiCut business hoursTHE VERDICT:  Great library, will consistently use it.
5	This is the most beautiful, clean and neat library I've ever been in. Except maybe Lied. Lied is pretty cool.This library is so huge, I actually walked around in a circle twice wondering where they keep all the books. There's just so much space to walk around in, and a very different clientele than you see at other libraries. This appears to be the fancy person's library.Definitely going to make this my new home library.
5	I have to give this library a great rating, too!  This is very close to home and has a good collection.  The library system will send any book you order from the system here.I had to get a new card tonight because it had been so long since I last used it, they dropped me from the system.  Within a matter of minutes, I was once again a user in good standing.  If I wanted to wait, I could have placed a hold on the book I needed.  Instead, I drove to the Summerlin Library and used my renewed status to check out the book without waiting.Can you imagine a retired teacher who hasn't been to the library in over 2 years?  Shhhh!  Don't tell anyone!
5	HOLY F THIS LIBRARY IS AWESOME!! Shhhh! This is a library review! I've been to ALOT of libraries in my day and NONE of them can even remotely compare to this. Granted most libraries I went to growing up were LA County libraries (so no $$) and my university had some nice ones, but the Sahara West library was waaaaaay awesome! It has an art gallery INSIDE and I thought I saw a small auditorium. This library is 2 stories, upstairs has the kid's reading section and adult fiction. Non-fiction was downstairs. There's also computers galore, and a few study rooms. It's a beautiful new building with these sky high ceilings; it ACTUALLY made me want to study!! (thank god the feeling subsided!)
5	All I can say is wow. Stopped by one day after the gym then went home and got my wife. We went to look around and I have to say I was impressed. The place is huge and the art work they have is amazing. The library itself had just about any book you could think of. Some of the books are very outdated but it is a library so they have everything but great place and very quite great for students and a place to relax to do work or school work.
5	I initially came to the Sahara West library every Wednesday for story time with my kids when one was 3 months old and the other was almost 4. On Wednesday at 10:30 AM they have a preschooler story time for kids who are 3-5. They read books, sing songs, and dance. At the end of every story time, they would be given a take home craft related to the theme of the story time of the week. My son's walls are now covered in library memorabilia. At the 11:30 story time, it is planned for children from birth up to 5 and sometimes plays parachute (the really big colorful one) at the end.Now that my daughter is 14 months old, she will not sit still so we don't go to story time anymore but we still go every Wednesday to get books, DVDs, CDs, crafts, coloring pages, etc. I never rent or buy any kids movies because the library has every children's movie ever made. The librarians are so amazing at talking to all the children, and even knows their names and tells them how happy they are to see them every week. I love this place and it has helped my son learn to already read. Bring your children here, you will thank me later.
5	Okay lemme tell you what happened!I was on my own from my hair appointment. (THANKS TINA!) & I decided to go get a book... & pick up reading habits.I post up at the computer search engine.. I type up Ayn Rand.. I read the Fountainhead in high school.. RECOMMENDED! (beware it's a big book).Okay, so the search engine isn't as accurate as I thought, but that's okay! I'd rather get lost in the aisles or ask someone anyway!I want a good nonfiction, fast pace kind of book.I go to the teen non fiction books. I pick up Ender's Game.. a book recommended to me from a friend some time ago. Score!I go down some more aisles & I find some "how to draw books." I choose... faces! Score #2!Randomly on those cart racks I find an "Avatar: The Last Airbender" art book.. Which I knew my brother would love. (& he did!) Score #3!I've been trying to get more information on eating habits.. & I just really randomly find the section? It couldn't get better with "Eat Your Way to Happiness." Woot! Okay, the best part.So the self check out is the bomb. I tried to check out Ender's Game, & it won't allow it. I ask the librarian, and he tells me it's not in their system (barcode missing & everything.)Points me towards the bookstore section to inquire if it's for sale.I enter the bookstore. Cute, well organized as it should be.Two elderly women are stationed at the register, & I inform them of the situation. They reply, "Well, usually we'd charge you, but since you're so honest, you can have it." Best (library) day ever! :D
5	Definitely the best thing since... well ever.It's literally been years since I stepped into the library but living here has changed all that. Now, I'm a regular library user - stopping here at least 3 times a week. What's so great about the library you ask?Remember when you were a kid, had to learn the Dewey Decimal system, and wander aimlessly along bookshelves to try and find something you want? Those days are over, my friend.Majority of your search can be online. You can look up the latest books, movies, music listed in the catalog and request it. When it's ready, you'll get an email telling you that you have something ready for pick up. It will be waiting for you at the library shelves under your name.The automated scanning system for returns and checkouts are a breeze. You don't even need to scan your books anymore... just put it on the table, scan your card and go. Just remember to unlock the CD/DVD cases before you leave.Other bonuses include access to their extensive e-Book catalog for Kindle (you don't even need to leave your house and no late fees!!!) and Freegal (allows to download 3 songs free a week from the Sony catalog).Did I mention events? There's movie nights, book clubs, interests groups abound. Heck, they even have an extreme couponing group!Libraries are a network of disseminating culture to the masses. From all the people coming in and out of the library, it is obvious that it thrives here in the desert.
5	When I drove up to this location, I thought  that I had reached a huge museum or so.  I think that this location has quite a few programs scheduled for their patrons/the community--art exhibits, lectures, workshops, etc.  I definitely think that this is on of my most favorite libraries in town.  Not only does this location have private study rooms (first come, first serve), but they also have a few computer desk areas that are available for patrons to use for up to two hours (although you have to have a library card/number and sign up for a computer ahead of time).  I also like the desks and surge protectors that are set up throughout the first floor of the library--approximately 6-8 tables complete with lights and power strips.  They have quite a few selections of magazines, videos, as well as books.  They also have kiosks for searching the online library catalog, as well as other chairs/reading areas.    In the area by the computer terminals, they have the general help desk and check-in stations.  They also have the terminals for checking out their items.  One of the most important pieces of advice I can give you: make sure to unlock the DVD cases before leaving the library, but after checking out the item.  I can't tell you how many times I have been at home and wanting to watch a DVD that i've checked out, only to find out that I have to return to another library in order to get that charge reduced.All in all, love this place.
5	Great Library. My favorite feature is logging on to the website and requesting the materials from the comfort of my home. They send an e-mail when my items are ready and I go pick them up. They are nicely packed in alphabetical order, by the requesters name, and it couldn't be any easier.
5	one of my fave places
5	The best library in the valley!This place is so organized and has a great staff that is always ready to help.They have been going through a lot of renovations but I think it looks amazing. There are plenty of places to sit whether you want to do some research/study or want to kick back and read a magazine. I love the library district website and being able to request items and pick them up at this location.
5	I like coming here to study and borrow dvd's.  Very clean and well lit.  Dvd selection is amazing.  Security is very friendly and place is very clean.  There's free wifi, but you have to log back in every 1.5 hrs.  Parking is very big and easy.
3	I have never seen a library used bookstore with such a pathetic selection. Do people around here read this garbage? I can find better used books on a single shelf at a library used bookstore in the Bay Area or Los Angeles than in the entire store at the Sahara West Library. Yuk! The library complex itself is very nice and spacious. Book selection, like the bookstore, is rather sparse, but you can request something from the other branches if you wish. I like browsing the art gallery on the ground level. Most of the staff are friendly and helpful. I use the library to borrow from their OK selection of DVDs; the book selection is not good, so I just use the branch for occasional casual reading, not to check out books.
5	This place is beautiful.I used to only go for books while I was in school, then for a while I was only going for the art exhibits, now I go for both!I discovered they have art contests and jobs posted here too,which got me super excited...for both. So I am entering  contest AND applying for a job,lol !!Why not work in a place you love?!I really love how you can rent out the conference space and request materials from other libraries to show up there! It's the best!
4	I really like this library, and the kids area, which is upstairs and great.  Nice play area for little ones, and their story time- well there's a bridge connecting to the 2nd level and connects to a room where their story time is held.  I love it.  Give kids their own space.
5	This is my go-to spot for books and free wifi!! I love it here! Its clean, giant, and the staff isnt half that bad! People always laugh because I spend soo much time here, but Im really a little book worm! Here you can escape reality (and the hot hot heat, FREE AC! Can I get a woot woot!?) and engulf yourself in a book. Or you can log on to their free wifi if you have a laptop or smart phone or even reserve a pc!My son LOVES their childrens area! Its huge and has puzzles, games, tons of books, pcs, and of course cars! Its not all blah in the childrens area its filled with colors to use their little brains! My son loves to look at the walls to see what new things they have hanging! I also like how they have separate childrens lavatories from the grown ups, pervs GET AWAY!I usually get on my phone and reserve books or do their ILL thing where you can get another book or dvd from a different library! GENIUS! In addition they have a little art gallery which is awesome, you can go in and check out local works of art, sometimes from school age children to adults!! Also check out their staple giant bull who has the LV strip on one side and the desert painted on the other!!This will be my go to place until I move away!! Lets get our brains working and read a book y'all!!
5	Could a library be any better? The decor is great, the staff super friendly, there is an art gallery (currently being renovated for a new exhibit opening soon), and an interactive physics of skateboard exhibit you would expect to see in a children's or science museum.  Plenty of places to sit and read, a large selection of books, computers and audio books as well.  I am impressed with a library that has so many activities like story time for the kids.  I only wish more people knew about all that goes on.  My daughter loves it and it encourages her to read new books outside of school. (not that she needs much encouragement.) She always has a proud look on her face when she shows the guard her library card when we enter and when she self-checks out her books at the scanners on the way out. Well Done!
5	Ah yes! Another favorite place on the west side I thoroughly enjoy killing time at.  The architecture of the building is modern with crazy geometrically shaped windows and vast open spaces. Did I mention it has art exhibits they change up from time to time?  They also have various mediums to check out too: books, audio books and DVDs.With their free Wi-fi, this where I've spent countless hours studying for school--since there's no way I'd get anything done at the comfort of my home.  Lastly, the staff is always friendly and willing to help you with anything.
4	This library use to be my go to spot to get away and focus on what I'm working on.  I have 2 offices in Las Vegas, 1 in San Diego, and another in Orange County, but find libraries to be a place where I can get a lot done in a small period of time. I'm one of those dudes that cannot work from home due to the distractions at home (i.e. TV, Bed, and the Fridge).  When I get those days where I have a lot on my work plate, there are times I prefer to do some admin/office work in a library.  Yesterday, was one of those days.  My favorite library in Las Vegas is actually located in Centennial.  But if I am in the westside, the  Sahara West Library is the way to go.  This library is spacious and the main part of the library is a quiet zone. I have been warned a few times to limit my phone use or go to the lobby to make my calls.  I guess I'm use to the Centennial location where there's not too many people there and also my phone use isn't frowned upon.  But I get it.  A library is suppose to be quiet and I need to respect others while they read their books.  Overall, I still love Centennial's and am a loyal to the library there.  But if I'm on the westside of Vegas and need that different type of focus, then you'll find me here.
5	At the risk of sounding extremely nerdy, this is by far one of my favorite places in Vegas! I love how the space is so big, ceilings are high and the place is actually full of people that legitimately want to read! (I'm sure there's creepers here and there, but I haven't had a bad run in yet). I'm very impressed with the Vegas library system and the facilities I'm used to in the Bay Area and Socal really pale in comparison. There's a lot of cozy places to read and study, people aren't too loud and usually respectful of noise and the staff is very helpful. Plus it's open on Sundays!! The libraries I'm used to in CA aren't even open until late on weekdays, if we're lucky to have them opened at all. To top it off, the bathrooms are actually pretty clean too :D
5	I use this place all the time. It's everything a library should be. They have books and they let you check them out.
5	The BEST library in Las Vegas.  I don't know if it is the biggest library in this fine city, but it is a spacious two story mansion of books, videos, and art!  Being a teacher, I frequent the second story children's section (really, I'm not a creeper, just a third grade teacher!).  The children's section is so easily organized and labeled.  Holiday books, state sections, animals sections, biography sections.  I can find enough books on any subject for my class of 27 in less than 15 minutes.  I usually walk out of there with books piled up in my arms so high that I can't see over the top.And if I am looking for a specific book, 80% of the time, Sahara West has it there and I don't need to request it and have it sent over.  I always have good luck in finding the books I need quickly at this library.They also have an art gallery and some meeting rooms where they have various cultural events/movies/classes.I really admire the entire library system in Las Vegas, as I love that they make them cultural centers, not just a room with books lined up.  But this library is truly my favorite one!
5	Coming from New York City this library is very impressive! This library is unique because the building that it is in is also is an art exhibit! The library has two floors and the main floor has international books, new release and videos(DVDS). The checking out and returning system very technological advanced. You check out your own book and return it through a conveyor belt system that require no human interactions. The second floor holds a vast majority of the library collection. I came here to study for my MCAT and it is a really nice place to get a lot work done. The interior of the library is really well designed. The second floor also hold a children area which can be loud at times but if you stay far away the noise will not reach you! While some individual do decided to answer cell phone it is rare. OVERALL a very nice place to study and to get book because they do have a large collection.
5	I have been coming to this library since high school and it has been many years but this location is still in amazing condition and kept well. The architecture alone is impressive and I think that they have the best museum/art gallery exhibit. I remember when they used to charge an entrance fee years ago to get in to the museum and now it's free. Public library has a public gallery; how odd?????I take my kids here now and they check out books and we go to the events and activities they have and they also have the best activity room too. It's not boring and ugly and there are spots for the parents to sit.
5	I like books and free stuff and I can get FREE BOOKS (for a limited time) here!  Huge double storey space with tons of books, magazines, DVD's, and space for browsing and lollygagging in sweet silence.  This location also boasts a gift shop (what?), art gallery, and other large public areas for lectures and whatnot.  Library cards are free for Clark County residents with ID.Ending my review here as most people are familiar with the concept of a library.  Check it out!  (Pun intended....)  ;)
5	Definitely my favorite! It is so easy to come and go, there is never a real mess either. I like that their remodel is so handy for check outs, renewals, and returns.Awesome cd and dvd selections and if it is not available you can always look it up for request :)
4	This library has been my go-to for years now.  It has saved my butt many times when it comes down to research projects and completing projects.The staff is always really nice and ready to help with any questions you may have.  Getting a library card is quick and free.  All you need is an ID.The only down side is that it seems to have a smaller selection than the other libraries.  Whenever I am looking for a book on their online database, it is usually not available at this location.  However if you are not on a time crunch, the staff can have it sent to this location.  Or if it is on hold or checked out already, they can reserve it for you and they will e-mail you when it is ready for you to pick up. There is a drop-off box outside in which you can return your books if you don't feel like going inside.
5	Can I live here?The Sahara West is such a dear, sprinkled with bits of things that make you gasp, be in awe of, relax, concentrate and keep your mind busy. It is conveniently nestled in a quiet, safe, friendly Summerlin neighborhood not too far from good eateries like La Belle Terre Cafe or Paymons. On my way to a project meet-up, I stumbled upon an Indian heritage event next to the art gallery where they shared their culture through elaborate costumes and beautiful dances. And in case you've decided to look back with a raised eyebrow and think "art gallery"? I'm delighted to tell you that you'll find that here too! With a library card, you get access to a humongous section of books, DVDs, computers and all things useful. My group checked out a study room to get our biology poster together and as opposed to the paper thin walls at the school study rooms, these rooms were airtight and the most I could hear from the outside were low mumbles. I have yet to check anything above the first floor and am determined to find some time to explore once project priorities are over. Sophisticated library. I feel right at home.
4	My name is Daniel. S. Today the "S" is short for "Saying it loud and proud that I am a fan of books."    When I am riding the rough waves in the sea of living, an entertaining  book is my life preserver. Entertaining books take my mind on out of the world adventures from the 1964 Beatlemania to a walk across America with Peter Jenkins.  My library card registration needed renewal. Facing a mountain of books headed toward an overdue fine, I had to pay up. The thing is that I am a bigger fan of outdoor recreation. I drove across the valley to combine the Sahara West Library with a hike on the Peccole Ranch Trail.  Dating back to 2004, when I moved to Las Vegas, the Sahara West has always been one of my favorite libraries in the Las Vegas Clark County Library System. It is a large library that is an MGM Grand of books. The environment is cozy and immaculate. The only thing missing is a fireplace. The library is two floors. The adult and children's book collection lives upstairs in level two. All the biographies are featured under the individual categories.  When it comes to books, I am a non-fiction kind of guy. Once I paid up, I made a bee-line upstairs to check out the rock & roll and celebrity biographies, hiking (poor selection), and city history books. With the exception of hiking, the selection of books in these categories is approved. My criticism is that the books the electronic card catalog stated as "available" were missing. It's a shame because this is one of the few libraries where the Whitney Houston biography was available.   It's more than books that bring me into the doors of the library.  In the downloading age, I still appreciate the physical CD. The Sahara West Library collection of CDs is substantial.  When I walked out the Sahara West Library on my way to my next Yelp check-in,  I walked to my car proud that I am a fan of books. If I am not too busy yelping, the books I borrowed will bring my mind on adventures with the Who and Jimmy Page. If you live in Las Vegas, I recommend visiting the Sahara West Library to borrow a book that will bring your mind on an awesome adventure.
4	I wish this library had more independent study rooms and conveniently located power outlets, with that said, I really do like the floor plan and the book selection. The building also has lots of large windows providing ample natural light which makes for a very pleasant reading experience.Yelp keeps telling me this review is shorter than most, but that's pretty much all I can say... : )
5	I had a garage full of old CDs that my wife just wouldn't let me throw in the trash. Lucky for me, this library has a book store that accepted them as a donation. I was able to help the library, clean out my garage, and get a tax write-off all at once. I love a success story.
4	Love their storytime! We love Ms. Valerie and Ms. Katherine! Storytime here has never been a disappointment and it's a bigger library so the storytime room is pretty big. The YPL has a lot of resources for the kids and my daughter loves the board books and puzzle areas. The reason why it's not getting 5 stars is because the circulation desk needs to provide better customer service. I used to volunteer at this library over 15 years ago until I actually got a job at another library and I know customer service was a biggie. I was carrying a bunch of books and my toddler. They have self check kiosks and I was able to check out some of the books but not all. I tried scanning the bar codes and it just wasn't working. I picked everything up and headed to the circulation desk. I explained my problem as I was struggling carrying all of this stuff. The circulation assistant told me to ask the lady by the kiosks (there was no lady when I was checking out) and that board books need to be scanned in. Really? Because I TRIED it multiple times and I know how it works since I used to work for the library even though it was like 12 years ago. She didn't even help me at all and didn't bother helping me check out. I went back to the self check kiosk and used a different machine and it worked  (found out another person using my old machine had the same issue!). In the end I felt she could have just checked out my 3 board books and I could have been on my way instead of sending me back to where it wouldn't work. I just thought she was the most unhelpful person ever when she saw me struggling carrying my child and all the books. BUT back to the positives. Love the story times here and I have had to ask the reference desk for help a couple times and they've always been great. They showed me how to get more reference material online from their web page which was pretty nifty. Overall this library rocks and I am a regular!
4	This is a great library. My mother was a librarian, so I pretty much grew up in our Midwestern small-town library, and this one is just amazing to me. There's an art exhibit, there's a room dedicated to story time (which you have to get tickets to), and there's a really nifty automated book return thing. I've never seen one like it, but it's cool.
5	A wonderful library.  It is beautiful inside.  All kinds of materials available.  This library is light, bright and user friendly.  The services are amazing.  And the children's library is so nice!   This library makes you want to read!
5	First time here and wanted to check it out since it's very close to where I have to pick up my cousin for work. Very spacious and clean library. I would actually take the drive to go here rather than noisy Windmill library. When I walked into the main entrance, I immediately walked up the first flight of stairs I saw (like an idiot) and realized there was nothing but rooms up there and then slowly took the walk of shame back down, making it extremely obvious that I had no idea where I was going.I'm still sitting here clueless at a table. Where on earth is the main library!? I will probably take another embarrassing stroll in a few minutes to discover the other areas of this library.But so far I really like this place. There's a nice bookstore and art gallery that I will check out later. It's also not very noisy or busy which is a huge plus for me. EDIT: my blind ass found the library. Wow if I just turned my head left when I walked in instead of right, I wouldn't have looked so stupid haha.  A note for first timers: look left & DON'T GO UP THE STAIRS.
4	Super Clean and Super Friendly.  The adult areas are pretty silent but the upstairs youth area can get pretty loud.  Make sure you get your Clark County Library Card and make use of this free asset to improve and enrich your life.
3	This is definitely not my favorite library. Had to renew my card, pay a fine, and check out my books. This required 3 different stops. I wish you could handle all your card business at the same desk. I do love the self-checkout kiosks the libraries have adopted.
5	There bookstore is awesome! Paperback books, and books without jackets are only 25 cents. The staff is all nice and helpful, I asked for the foreign language department and the lady jumped from behind her desk and not only walked me in to the section but showed me how to access the language learning programs from the library online. There selection was a little week but thats because you can renew books and tapes online. unless you request the learning materials someone can keep it out for as long as they want. But they had a lot of Pimsleur learning tapes witch is awesome!
4	This is my kind of library! Very well organized and a pretty nice place to relax. I love their book store and I'm glad I found a place where I can find good books for a reasonable price.
4	A public library with free wifi, a bookstore, an art gallery, tons of local events, AND the latest best sellers available right inside the front door? So neat to have in Vegas, and so close by to my home and work.I haven't explored too much, but the main lobby has the library to one side, meeting space available by reservation, the gallery, and the bookstore all clearly marked on signage- with a giant board announcing upcoming events (meditation, yoga, ancestry research, and more).The newly released books section is just past the help desk on the right- and there are so many books there that they dragged over an additional cart to set them on. Books you just saw written up in you favorite magazine are here to take home today! Unheard of at other locations in Vegas, and in most libraries in general.As a bonus, the staff are extra-great: if you forgot your library card or drove your BF's car without your keytag handy, they'll look up your card code so you can still check out.
5	I have been motivated to write a review after I read about an employee.  There is a man who works there that has many tattoos and an eye patch.  He is kind, helpful, and always smiling. My 9 year old son loves seeing him. This man saved his art project from being thrown away, after my son forgot it on a table. He has the coolest tattoo I have ever seen and it blew my son's mind; across his knuckles his tattoo says "READ MORE"!! I just introduced my son to the coolest librarian EVER! Not only is this a fantastic library; they have the friendliest staff!! Gone are the days of only little old lady librarians. Today our librarians can be bad ass!!
5	Free WiFi! The exhibition was ideal because we were traveling with children and it was TheLas Vegas-Clark County Library System - Sahara West Library. Wonderful building and calm interior
5	Nice place to work and study. Free and fast wi-fi, lots of places to sit. Love they work each day.And it's so nice to see so many people actually use this library!
5	Sahara West Library is my favorite library in Las Vegas so far. It's a 2 story library with great amenities, clean facilities, and lots of places to read/study. The bottom floor has a mini art gallery, book store, and lounge areas for food and drinks. The bottom floor of the library has tables by large windows and periodicals. Upstairs are the kids' section, lots and lots of books, and many sofas and tables. Only complaint is that the bathrooms don't have towel dispensers. I'm not a fan of those air drying machines, which are actually more unsanitary than towels.
5	The biggest library in Clark County may also be its best. This is a truly excllent location.  Kids area upstairs is well stocked with books, graphic novels and a family friendly DVD section.  Be sure to checkout the Foundation Bookstore for some great deals on used books.
5	I found more appreciation for the library when I couldn't afford anything haha. And you don't have to hoard on books and movies and the idea of reading a book that someone else read! They also have story time for toddlers and babies and all these events that really brings the community together! So much information there! Everything you need to entertain yourself and keep the family busy, all in this place, and it's all free unless you have a late fee lol. Teaches you responsibilities!! Enjoy!!
3	I was really disoriented the first time i visited this library 10 years ago when hanging out in Vegas. This place looks like a freakin  museum of art. From the little for what i can remember, there are historic art scultures in the hallways. The whole place has a welcoming feeling of big walls around the study areas. The outside of the library has an art form of a museum. If you are not familiar with the place, you can easily get lost on where to find certain book areas. The library is not far from UNLV either. Gotta take a look at this place again someday, its been way too long.
4	.108... Gilligan's island 50 years old TODAY show ...108... Dawn Wells Gilligan's island September 17 TODAY show ...108... Jaya Prabhupad
