4	The hubby and I stopped in after a yummie meal at Flemming's tonight.  I didn't expect much but I was taken by surprised.  We spoke to the owners/chefs and they are so nice.  They're French btw.  We bought a chocolate eclair and some macaroons (lemon, mint and black cherry).   The eclair is very good.  My standard for eclairs is Baby Cakes at the M and these are very close to that standard.  It's not too sweet but just sweet enough.  The chocolate filling has a nice balance.   Overall, the eclair is pretty darn good.  Also, we ordered the macaroons.  These are small and they are okay.  I would order them again but my standard for macaroons is Bouchon.  It's just not the same.  People, once you've had a Bouchon macaroon, you'll never go back to anything else.  I'm excited to go back to this bakery.  We really need something like this in Summerlin beside Leopod's.  This place is a bit hard to find.  It's in the parking lot behind Flemmings. -M2
4	The red velvet cupcakes are to die for!
5	Holy bread you have cometh to the sining consumerism summerlin set. We are unworthy of your artisan gifts but hopefully there are enough foodie fringe to sustain thee. Ps being rude is being French, a rose by any other name.We got a truffle cake for Xmas and it was wonderful.  This seems to be a hub for French people in town, most of the folks in line were speaking French.
4	Here I go supporting mom and pop shops again. They are still setting up. Everything is freshly baked and created.  Decor is quirky and whimsical. I actually like the taste of their macaroons. Coffee flavored one is my fave. It makes me happy looking at their colorful display case, I am sure you will agree. I wish I could take all of them home with me. My husband likes their black forrest cake. I've had their soup and panini offerings (I had it at dinner time, but I think it is throughout the day. I like the fact that the sandwich bread was baked at the same location) and it was filling and wholesome, a good value. They have a wide selection of quiches in the back which I will try in the near future. This patisserie is worth the visit.
4	Cool little mom and pop place, exactly what we need more of.  Everything homemade and they have french accents so that is fun.  Cakes, pastries, croisants, breads, macaroons, paninis, sandwiches, soup, quiche, coffee.  I'll make this quick, really great breads and croisants.  Good quiche too.  I went in the afternoon but the pastry selection was a little small but I'll have to go earlier to see if this was just because it was later which is 100% understandable.  There is a little cafe in the back with food and such that i want to try.  I will sit down here when they get tables for a light breakfast of lunch.
4	This french bakery is dangerously beautiful. Its not completely finished inside, nor do they have a tangible menu to look at, but the place definitely has potential. perhaps ad hoc on opening day, but for now i'm rating on my experince on service and treats.i have a true uncontrollable weakness for mirengues, so i ordered a handful of them in all the flavors they have to offer. unfortunately, lesson #478 in life, don't leave it laying around at home, or it's gone in a heartbeat. i was able to try the mint, orange, cherry, and the coconut, all very generous in its flavor. so that's what mint sugar tastes like huh? they have an attractive display of in-house cakes from flavors of feuilellete, neptune, and mimosa. a wall-tree of candies, two cases of baked french snacks from freshly baked croissants to macaroons.I'll be back.
5	I usually don't have the best luck when trying out pastry shops on a whim but I am so glad I stumbled upon Manon! Even though it was early evening, everything I brought home was fresh and delicious! The staff was super friendly and helpful (since I had no idea what some of the items were). I started craving their macarons just by looking at them and have now become terribly addicted the the pistachio macarons (my mother's weakness is the ginger).
5	It's very difficult to find a quality bakery here in the Las Vegas area.  This bakery is filled with sweet and savory.  There was a variety of cakes and petite desserts.  So far, I've tried their eclairs, macarons and a chocolate mousse cake.  All were delicious.  The owners of this establishment were very hospitable and welcoming which is a plus here in Las Vegas when many establishments want to get you in and out as quickly as possible.  We will be going back to try more of their creations.
4	I had this bookmarked since I saw Nelsons review, but until I saw people saying there are French macarons, good French macarons, I about suggest this place to the BF every chance I get. We finally made it a bit before closing so there was a lot sold out, but we managed to get a few of the "must try" on my list from stalking the pictures and reviews. French macarons are a big deal to me since they're my favorite confection. These are smaller and sloppier made than I'm used to but it's the taste that matter. The flavors are decent, but this was not quite there on the texture...I think the size is partly the reason. We both bought 2 of ginger, pistachio, cherry, peanut butter since it's too small to share.This is a hard thing to perfect so even though I'm a bit disappointed, it's not gonna effect me coming back. I'm happy to finally have a neighborhood bakery. I just will go to Bouchon or have my macarons shipped from Los Angeles. The BFs mom is obsessed with finding pastries/croissants with almond paste. Nothing has fit what she's looking for which I think she's looking for a marizpan consistency with a strong almond taste. None the less, we bought a slice of pithivier and a almond croissant for her to try. They were too eggy and not enough almond which I was expecting to happen so they were then for me. The pithivier was good specially when eaten warm. The almond croissant is the star. It was almond and chocolate which at first I was disappointed since I haven't ever liked chocolate croissants, but then I took a bite. Then I just wanted to shove the whole croissant in my mouth since it was delicious and addicting. Nice croissant texture, the right kind and amount of chocolate to compliment the almond. We got the BFs grandma a puff pastry with berry in it and she disappeared off with it so she must've been very happy if she didn't share.I also got a plain croissant to make a sandwich at home.  It's crunchy and flaky outside and then the inside was just soft, buttery. Based on that, the pithivier and the almond croissant that they really know how to achieve the proper flake. A almond shell with what I was told was hazelnut cream caught my fancy. It was good buttery cream but it was not hazelnut....more like sweet cream. I liked it- definitely better than a cream puff. Petit Four was the BFs pick and it was like a black forest cake sans cherries. It was really goof cake texture and moist and the right amount of chocolate and liquor flavor. The prices are reasonable for what they are. We spent about $25 for all of it. The almond shell w/ cream being the most expensive treat at $4.50, $1 macarons, $2ish for the croissants, pithivier and petit four.Will be back very soon to try the savory side and come early so we can sample of the bread!
2	How excited was I when I spotted the sign guy on the sidewalk flipping an announcement for a French bakery?  Marveilleuse!  A bakery/bistro on a route that I take routinely?  C'est magnifique!!!Finalement nous arrivons dans la Patisserie Manon!  The pastries were varied, but gone is the delicate touch and size of traditional French bakeries, portions are 'American' super-sized.  When asked if the truffle pastry could be cut in half, serve half at the bakery, half to take home, we were met with such resistance and astonishment that we just ended up giving in and having it served in its entirety, only to throw away the uneaten half.  Honestly, it's enough for 3 servings, and would be better enjoyed in small doses because it is too rich for such a large portion.Our second choice was a puff pastry filled with a custard, again supersized, but not as rich, therefore more manageable to the palate in one sitting.  It was quite delicious, the puff pastry fluffy and buttery, and the custard was creamy and perfectly sweet without being overbearing.The cappucinos, were weak in flavor, if frothy.  It almost tasted as if made of a regular roast coffee bean.  No self respecting coffee lover would call this a cappucino.The actual location is large, but feels cold and sterile.  Bright blue formica tables and chairs more fitting for a hospital commissary and enough super bright flourescent lighting to perform microsurgery on an ant doesn't add to the ambiance, which is non-existent.  The layout is confusing and unwelcoming.There's a lot of potential, both for the space and the menu, but it is a far cry from the warm, burnished familiarity of a neighborhood bistro.  In the land of faux finishes, they could certainly do with some mood lighting, cafe curtains, and bakery smells or the scent of broiled cheese on a Croque Monsieur (a French bistro staple not on the menu), not the ding of a microwave.  Even a surly French waiter would be welcome in place of the two perfectly coiffed and manicured suburban housewives looking down their noses when asked to cut what basically was a piece of chocolate cake in half.So my excitement lasted all of 5 minutes after walking in, alas I am not destined to have a convenient patisserie at my disposal.  My search continues...
4	Oui-Oui! Ce lieu est une charmante gem!I have been in twice to pick up desserts to take home and have sampled 2 of the quiches-one had green chili's and the other was plain cheese.  Both were tasty-even reheated in the microwave.On to the exquisite desserts-we have tried the Black Forest Cake, another that had strawberries and cream, Mimosa, White Chocolate Forest Cake and the Chocolate Truffle Cake.  All were delicious and decadent and beautiful to the eye.  I also love how they are packaged in genuine pastry boxes! The servings are generous for the price and the service is cheerful & welcoming.  Both times I have heard customers chatting to the owners/staff in French which made me feel like I was in France instead of behind Fleming's in Summerlin!Vous devez essayer ce lieu!
4	Delicious pastries and lunch. Very clean, spacious, and well decorated.Amazing pastries and friendly people. What else can I say?Gotta try those macaroons. So many flavors! I think the next cake I get will be from here. It is very beautifully decorated.It's kinda hidden away inside a plaza, but worth looking for.
5	The BF and I wanted to sample more and were curious of their savory options. We decided to bring his mom and grandma along and this is another spot that is mom and grandma approved! We all ordered what we wanted most, but shared bites.Ham&cheese croissant- I am picky about them since sometimes it isn't balanced. I get disappointed when the ham is way too smoky or cheese is overpowering or the croissant isn't a nice consistency. This is one of the best I've had with a great balance of flavors. Yum! Pate Friand- I love pate and this was pretty good. Only complain was the middle of the ball was a little bit cold, but still good that way. I just tend to favor a piping hot friand. Sausage Friand- pretty good..I think a little mustard to dip it would make it better. I think I like the pate one slightly better. Spinach,garlic,cream soup- it was good homemade soup. It tasted like a spanakopita soup specially if you dip some flaky pastry into it. I dipped parts of the friands into it. Beef Bourguignon- this was a generous portion of hearty food. They put noodles on the bottom and it went really well all together. Beef was very tender and fell apart. Potato Salad- grandma wanted a side for her croissant. This is one for those who don't like the tangy styles of potato.We also got to-go fruit tarts (Pear for us, Peach for mom&grandma). They were large and a good deal for the price. I thought it would be all fruit but love that it was part eggy custard. I also go a feuillte-  yummy chocolate mousse, hazelnut creme and crisp layers. Taste like a Ferrero Rocher candy but I much rather have this.The staff is also very nice both occasions we've been in.The BF and I definitely think this will be a regular spot for us. We have sampled a good amount of things each time and nothing we had was bad. It ranges from good to delicious so this place is definitely solid and worth a try.
4	The macaroons were little bites of heaven. Perfection! Tres magnifique! Next time I am in Vegas I will be sure to come back!
4	Felt like a different thing for breakfast got a pate pastry not bad think it would have been better hot will throw it in the oven next time the sausage pastry not worth it the croissant was amazing the spinach and goat cheese quiche was great too very light and fluffy also got a dark brown pastry with sliced almonds and dusted with powdered sugar awesome need to try more of their sweets
5	So delish!Their beef bourguignon is to die for, a perfect combination of stew and noodles, so wonderful that I went back for a second serving to save for lunch for the following day.Their strawberry and raspberry tarts are a a great dessert choice and their pastries are heavenly. All in all - a 5 star bakery!I will definitely be back.
5	these macron's are amazing and there custard stuffed croissants are sooo good too. $1 a piece for the macrons $2 for a croissant
5	I am sure they have a customer for life in me. Admittedly, I had never looked very hard for bakeries or patisseries in Vegas. However, after being spoiled overseas, paying the exorbitant prices on the Strip caused me to search Yelp for relief so expect more bakery reviews in the future.This is what I scored: slice of fraiser cake, a coffee and a blueberry macaroon, a chocolate eclair, two apple chaussons and a beautifully sized brioche.The cake was out of this world. My boyfriend and I shared. He demolished his half in moments. It was not too sweet, which is a good thing. Sometimes cake is too cloying and heavy when it is super sweet. If I wasn't afraid of a massive coronary I'd slather the cream filling on everything. The cake was very moist. I think I might dream about it tonight.The next visit will definitely involve more blueberry macaroons, the coffee macaroon was good but a little strong for me. Little disappointed not to see any vanilla macaroons in evidence. Owing to the fact that I was going out to dinner later I did not have any quiche. It will be a priority for the next visit. My boyfriend also mentioned "I like cherries" which translating manspeak means "I want you to buy the Black Forest Cake."Will update on the on the eclair (which is for mom) and the chaussons and brioche (which are for breakfast.) I must say that the brioche smells fabulous and it took every ounce of my willpower not to devour it right then and there.
5	I came here two days in a row. Day 1: sampled their plain, apple and almond mini croissants. My favourite was the apple croissant, not too sweet not too tart. The almond croissant was much too sweet for me. I took home some escargots. Nothing to say other than they were done as expected: butter+garlic. One would have to put a lot of effort to mess that up. Day 2: I had a quiche Lorraine. It was well done. The eggs were so light and fluffy, sitting in a nice crust. I think the size of the quiche is perfect for sharing.They have a nice variety of breakfast and lunch/dinner items, as well as pastries and cakes. I think the prices are fair and the staff is helpful, attentive and polite. Can't wait to go back next weekend.
5	Last night, I had a crazy pregnancy craving for a French Macaron, particularly from Bottega Louis in Downtown LA.  But since that is quite a drive, I did a quick yelp search, found Patisserie Manon, read some reviews, perused the photos, bookmarked it, then dreamt about the delicious pillow sandwich cookies.And I am happy to say, that Patisserie Manon lived up to my expectation.  I actually also came in to have lunch but stopped at the bakery counter first to satisfy this craving.  One cherry and one coffee.  The crackly shell and chewy inside was perfect melt in your mouth deliciousness.  I ordered one of each of the 10 flavors to take home, as well. Although I originally searched this place out for the macarons, I'm glad I stumbled upon it, because lunch was delicious too.  I ordered the mushroom and goat cheese quiche.  Put 2 of my favorite ingredients in a perfect puff pastry, and I am a fan for life.  I ordered the ham and cheese croissant for my toddler, and although it was a good sized sandwich- she practically finished the entire thing by herself.Patisserie Manon is exactly what I have been missing about my old neighborhood.  That mom and pop feel where the prices and descriptions are hand written on fluorescent sheets of paper in the display.  But, more importantly, that homemade flavor.   There are so many items that I want to try- the pate, the escargot, the beef bourgignon. Not to mention, the other fabulous looking desserts.  No doubt I will be back again with hopes that it continues to be "as good as it gets"!  Bon Appetit indeed.
5	We decided to stop in here for dessert after dinner and it is so cute!  We ordered a piece of the black forest cake, and a piece of chocolate cake that had french macaroons baked into it with a chocolate ganache topping.  Both cakes were absolutely delicious!!  The cake was moist and the flavors were amazing.  My parents and my husband ordered coffee as well and they said it was very good.  My mom and I are going to go back and try out their lunch menu.... and of course get some fabulous dessert as well.  I highly recommend this little shop to any lover of handmade sweets!
4	For my 200th review, I would like to highlight my French heritage!Since I had reason to trek to Boca Park, I decided I better listen to my yelpfriends and check this patisserie out!  Little did I know that it would be hard to find, and that I would do several u-turns on Charleston until I gave up and called, then learned where to find this gem - behind Roy's in the center back from the street.If people had more macarons, they would think French people are nicer.  Frenchies get a bad rep.  The lady helping me had moved to Vegas from Paris just 3 months prior, and her English is very good.  I saw things I would eat in one of those virtual reality machines - napoleons, croissants, tarts....and was certainly impressed with the sheer size of the place - it was huge in the back and served savory goods too!Yet the mission was for macarons, and I could not believe the endless flavors and colors available.  Miss Parisienne seemed amused that I did not want chocolate or peanut butter, but I got lemon and vanilla for myself, and a blueberry for the boy.  I told her that my mom and grandma are also Parisienne, that I got screwed as a child and was not taught French because it is their secret language, and shared with her the names of my uncles - all very French, though they grew up in Omaha.Needless to say, when I got to my car, I ate the lemon one, and some of me went to pastry-heaven, so I ate the vanilla one.  I traveled carefully back to the SE side so Eric could have a little taste of France too, and he definitely was pleased with the results.I sent a picture to my Frenchie mom, and even though she could make them and definitely find them in her city, she wants me to bring some of Manon's when I visit next.  Trust me, they will be eaten by me before they get anywhere else!  Bon apetit!
4	Patisserie Manon has been on my "to try" list for awhile now. We finally made it out here after HH at Roy's. The shop used to be a wine/cafe so it was interesting to see how they had changed it up. They have this cool candy wall, but I think its 6.00 a lb? Right away when you walk in, on your left is a fridge with cakes, truffles and macaroons....walk down a lil further and you will find croissants/rolls. If you walk down even further you will see there's a small cafe that will serve you coffee, tea, sandwiches, quiches, etc. I decided to get a chocolate croissant and an eclair to go. Before we left though, we decided to get the ham and chesse croissant. They heated it up and in about 5 minutes we had this yummy ham and cheese sandwich. I thought it was pretty delicious, but for 6 dollars a pop it might be a lil pricey. How did everything else fair? The chocolate croissant was ok. The croissant wasn't very flaky and it wasn't the best chocolate croissant I've ever had. The eclair was pretty delicious though. I definitely liked the custard inside, not too sweet but perfect. Both items came out to be around $5.00. Overall, I enjoyed Patisserie Manon. I will be back to try one of their things in the cafe (ground beef and mashed potatoes!). I definitely recommend it to anyone with a sweet tooth or a not so sweet tooth.
4	Quite honestly I hate the french but always enjoyed french pastries.  This place has a decent selection, not much on ambience in the inside, but well priced and quite tasty.  Only ate pastry, not any of the other foods they had there.  The service was good, pastries were fresh and well done.  Would recommend this place to cure the craving, but didnt look like they had fresh coffee, and just a case in the corner with a few drink choices.  Someone on here bagged this place for having to big of servings, dude seriously-GIVE ME EXTRA DESSERT ANYTIME! Shoot the pastry was only $5 and seriously why would you complain about a big tasty dessert?  They will let you take it home if you cant finish it, and if you cant finish one dessert, you probably arent worthy of this site, or writting any blogs food related.  I have an idea you should go sample at costco and write about the best pigs in a blanket you had there!! Wont be back to soon, but when a napolean is calling my name, this seems like a good place to cure the craving.
5	Oh, you had me at French Macaron!I was pleasantly surprised by this place. I was craving some french goodies and remembered all the good word of mouth I had heard on Yelp about this place as I was driving in the Summerlin area. I pulled in and could already smell the heavenly goodness coming from the patisserie. I decided to stock up on some macarons, my fella's favorite cookies. I tried a nice assortment; chocolate pistachio, cherry, peanut butter, lemon, raspberry, chocolate mint and coffee. My favorite, as always, was the lemon. My fella enjoyed the cherry and coffee. Perfect texture, perfect flavors!The employees were incredibly friendly and helpful with all my questions.I can't wait to try this place again when I'm in the area and see what other decadent treats I can sample on my next visit!
5	An absolute must go to!  Amazing quiches and desserts. A hidden gem in Summerlin behind Carrabas.
4	First of all, I have to say thank you to Lisa L. for her review of Patisserie Manon -- in particular, her mentioning that this place is in the complex behind Roy's. That saved me time and probably quite a few trips up and down Charleston to find this gem of a shop.When you walk in you'll probably be sucked in by their display of sweet treats. Yeah, they all look delicious. But once you get past that, you'll see a counter and display of some of their savory options. I opted for a simple ham and swiss on a baguette (about 7 bucks). It's made to order and is quite large -- at least a foot if not more. For the price and size, I think it's a good lunch time bargain. The only negative is that the bread was a little too hard for my tastes. Instead of it being crispy on the outside and chewy on the inside, it was just hard all around.On my way out I just couldn't resist the macarons ($1 each). My mind was saying no, but my stomach was saying, "hell yes!" I figured a little treat couldn't hurt so I got six of them (pistachio, chocolate, lemon, chocolate mint, blueberry, vanilla). All were delicious with a light and crunchy shell and soft, creamy center. But, the standouts were the pistachio and chocolate mint.I'll be back to try more of their savory dishes, but I'm sure I'll walk out with a few more macarons or pastries as well.
4	This place is so ridiculously good and cheap.  For 17 bucks, we shared 2 pistachio macaroons, chocolate croissant, fruit tart, and a huge beef bourguignon.The beef bourguignon was so tender, rich, and homey.  I like the added touch of the penne pasta.  The baguette they serve to dunk in the beef juice goodness was awesome.All of the pastries were so good.  I was constantly moaning out loud.  I typically like to try new places so it takes me a while before I will cycle back but I will be back soon because I am intrigued to try their escargot, pork ragout, and other goodies.
4	On my 11 yr quest to find a good bakery in LV , this place so far has to take top honors.  The dessert selections made my heart race.      This place not cheap but very tasty.  We got a box of goodies to go.    Napolean was my favorite with layers off puff pastry and pastry cream very good.  We had the black forest cake very moist and tasty.        I don't know the name of this but it was a slice of cake with whipped cream and mandarin oranges in it, this was pretty good, of course we have to go back they have a deli in the back that looks intresting.
5	I may come from California, but I will travel for food!So I was in Vegas earlier this month and had to yelp where the good macarons are and alas, I discovered this place.If your not a native (like me), getting to this place is a journey but with rich rewards at the end. It's way off the strip, but that's OK because like I said, I will travel for food.So I came here for macarons and if you've had the one's from the places on the strip, then you know this place is way better than those. Although I do like JP, but this place makes the everyday, so they're fresh and not in a package box and certainly don't cost $16 for 8!The macarons here are $1 and they have 12 different kinds!! If you're looking for macarons come here because even though they look 'small', believe me 2-3 will fill you up! I got 6 flavors and let me tell you, had I known they were that good, I would have gotten 1 of each :oAlso had their pastries, so good!! I'm coming back here next weekend! Hopefully I can get a birthday cake there!
4	This is as close to a French Patisserie in Las Vegas as it gets. I mean, all the items are there just like the shops in Paris. Croissants, cassoulets, beef bourguignon, quiche lourraine etc. If I closed my eyes, I can actually imagine that I am in France. I guess the one exception is that people can butcher the French language here at this shop and not get the death stare like in France. So that must be a plus for us American who always manage to mutilate the romance language.  For so much space, I just wish that this place had some kind of patio seating besides the two tiny tables in front. I do appreciate the fact that they bring your order all the way to the front and that I'm not charged "European Sitting Down Fees."
4	this place needs to be driven to, but is wroth it i had the following and it was all delicious:Spinach and bacon quicheHam and cheese quicheChocolate pistachio macaroonChocolate mint macaroon blueChocolate croissantAlmond chocolate croissantit would be too much to describe, but i must say thay the quiche is quite something and its big enough to fill you up, but the macaroons are soo small! the restaurant:oh man i loved they way this place looked, it looked like a super small warhouse bakery because of all of the machinery you could see behind the counter and the rest of it looks like a fancy antique store! fun place to walk aroundthe service:weird, because you have to go to two different places to get what you want, the food food was in the back and the snacks such as the macaroons were in the front, you can pay at one place, but you had to order at different locations, but the ladies were nicei would totally come back here for the goods, since it was on our way for the hike at red
4	This was a bit of a drive for me but well worth it. I tried the chocolate mini croissant and the macarons as well as a bite of blackberry tart. They were all delicious but the customer service could be better. A smile goes a long way. The only reason I gave a 4 star rating.
4	I LOVED the baguette sandwich!  The bread was perfect. One hell of a deal for such a big sandwich. The tomato mozzarella salad was also great.
5	The owner's Rachel and Jean Paul are hands on with regards to the products that they put out. Each has specialties in bakery and in patissiere. Prodcuts are quality and service is so so.Be patient since this business is still starting out and a lot of foot traffic are generated due to the quality of the products.
5	This place is so sweet. I love it. I am hardly ever on this side of town, but I was getting some spa services done at Allure Medi Spa, which is in the same shopping center. I noted there was a bakery and made note to go inside after my treatments to see if they had macaroons.Oh yes, they have delightful macaroons! So many different flavors, and executed perfectly. They also have other desserts and fresh baked breads. Two ladies ahead of me ordered a bagette and they said it was fantastic. I was not in the mood to eat, but I am sure the place has some good food based off the quality of the macaroons. Next time I go for my treatments at the spa I am going to make a mental note not to eat and instead eat here! Also, the ladies in front of me were taking a long time to decide what they wanted (I didn't mind because I was just having fun looking at the goodies!), but the gentleman who got my macaroons offered to give me a couple on the house because of the wait. Now that is the sign of a great establishment!
4	Went there for the first time to buy some bread... bought so much more!  We had lunch at their little cafe and hubby was impressed with the freshness of their escargot while I loved their pasta crab salad.  We bought some bread & macaroons to take home, both were fantastic to eat.  We will definitely be returning, and soon =D
4	So my cousin found out about this place hunting for some macaroons! We made our way to this place in hopes of finding a great tasting macaroon. It's located right next to The Body Spa behind Roys Restaurant. It looks like a small bakery but when you go inside it's pretty big! It's a cute place with all the baked goods on the left side and tables on the right. So the macaroons are delicious and small but they are so flavorful. They have a variety of flavors such as Chocolate, Chocolate mint, Lemon, Blueberry, Pistachio (my fav), Raspberry,  Ginger, and a few others that I can't name at the moment. The macaroons are nice and moist with a small crunch and boy is it a burst of flavor in your mouth. I had to go back again and my parents loved it and they're not into sweets as much as I am ! Oh and they accept credit cards so that's always good. The staff seemed nice but she looked like she didn't want to be there. But she gave me my little box of my macaroons and off I was.
4	I finally found a patisserie outside of the Strip! This place is unusually large, and the decor is tacky, at best. However, as much as the place is large, seating is limited and crowded. But, the food and pastries are delicious. I tried the croque monsieur, which was a tad cold and was missing a bit of the Bechamel sauce, but it was solid tasting. The wam goat cheese salad is to die for. The dressing has just the right amount of mustard and tanginess and was absolutely delicious. It is served as mescaline greens with chopped walnuts and huge croutons slathered with warm goat cheese. Delicious! For dessert, I tried their macaroons, the chocolate kind. They were excellent as well. I will definitely come back...many, many times.
4	Good little french bakery. Chocolate Croissant and Spinach are great. Super Dark delicious chocolate in all their cakes.
4	Their baguette is like eating a cloud surrounded by flaky, crusty deliciousness. The pastries are light and buttery (yes, it is possible to be both) and they offer mini versions of several types for those days you don't want to be a total pig.I have been many times for sweetness, but only had lunch once. I had a ham sandwich, you could put anything on their bread and it would be great.This spot is only lacking in its atmosphere and coffee. The decoration is a bit of a mish mash of styles and fixtures. The one time I had their coffee it sucked. The food is so great, I wish the atmosphere would match it. It doesn't keep me away from they bread and pastries in the least though!
5	I am lucky to have discovered this little hidden gem on my way out of Allure Medi Spa one fateful afternoon a few months ago. I (if not my waistline) love a good bakery and have a special weakness for fresh croissants.I hear they have a nice selection of actual food items toward the rear of the bakery. I've never made it that far, but I will eventually. But the cakes, the macarons, the croissants- oh my gosh!Croissants are around $2 per, but worth it. I've personally cleaned them out of stock at least once, so if you ever go in and there aren't any left, well, blame me. I'll probably die an early death, with my stomach and arteries full of buttery, flaky goodness. They offer a splendid selection of cakes and pastries. I've tried the chocolate mint cake (not my personal fave, but I'm not a chocolate person) which is reminiscent of a girl scout cookie on steroids. The fraiser is my personal addiction and comes in slices- large for $4.xx and a smaller, more human-sized portion for $3.xx. My husband bought me a whole frasier for my birthday ($36, if I remember correctly) and it was extra special- garnished with colorful macarons and enormous, fresh whole strawberries. A work of art. Their mimosa cake is a good pick as well.The latest cake I've sampled is their "white" chocolate forest cake. Covered in white slivers and filled with maraschino cherries, this is a no-brainer. The one and only negative might be their coffee- not very good and from a carafe. No thanks, but easily forgiven in the wake of everything else they do perfectly.I tend to always go back to the fraiser-why mess with perfection-but I vow to venture out and try new treats, and soon. I try to make it over to Patisserie Manon weekly, regardless of whether I need to be in that part of town. Do not skip this one!
3	Now that macarons are all the rage, I thought I'd check out the macarons scene while in Vegas. Bouchon Bakery was the obvious place, but thanks to my Yelp app I also found Patisserie Manon tucked away in a strip mall.There's much to like about this bakery: a huge assortment of classic French goodies, a section to sit down and eat savory items, and the flavor of the macarons. But the overall ambience of this bakery cafe is so stark that it doesn't have that cozy French feel that would make me want to return and hang out.Other reviewers had raved about the $1 macarons, so I thought, What a deal! Disappointingly enough, these macarons are also much smaller than at, say, Paulette's (Chantal G.). Think between quarter and half-dollar-sized. The texture of the macarons was perfect though: crisp shell and tender interior with good buttercream fillings. But the color choices put me off. I want my raspberry macaron to be light red or pink, not an odd adobe red color. Why was the vanilla macaron baby blue? Sure, if I close my eyes, the taste is great--but eating involves all the senses, and I make my food choices by sight.The croissants were quite good--very flaky and buttery. Our half-baguette-long sandwiches (ham and Swiss cheese for me) were even bigger than anticipated and enough for two to share, at $8-something. And I was impressed that they had house-made pates for sale.We also ordered coffees to go, and again the amenities dulled the experience. When we asked for sugar and cream, not seeing the customary station, we were directed to packets of sugar and half-and-half type individual creamers on the tables, which is where we also picked up our napkins--industrial style paper towels. :(Go for the food, but get it to go unless you don't care about a cozy atmosphere. The food is close to 4 stars, but the ambience is a 2.
4	Yelp Challenge!  Started 8/20/2011 (2 of 365)My continued mission to find the best French macarons in Las Vegas!This place has better macarons then Payard in the Ceasa'r's palace and they are only $1.00 a piece!  Better than the $30 my boyfriend had to pay for a box of 12 at Payard! Ha!One star = For not just being a bakery.  They have a a wide variety of desserts, cakes, macarons, pastries, quiches, breads, and even chocolate.  They have FIFTEEN French macaron flavors; FIFTEEN!2 stars = They also have a large eating area inside, and a small one outside.  So it is definitely a place to hang out, have some french dessert, and talk with friends over a nice cup of coffee.3 stars = For their vanilla macarons.4 stars= For their peanut butter macarons.The 2 flavors listed above are my favorite.  My friends like the Rasberry one; which I like too, but not my fave.  Do NOT eat the chocolate mint!  It tastes like chocolate and toothpaste put together.  Yuck!  The chocolate pistachio one is pretty good.  The coffee one is too sweet, not enought bitter sweet to it like I would prefer.  The blueberry one is pretty cakey.  I'm all about texture when it comes to macarons.  I like the chewy, fudgy, light crisp, and brownie type textures.Lacks the 5th star due to the wierd smell when you walk in.  It doesn't smell nice in there like a regular bakery.  Makes you wonder if anything tastes good.  Luckily it does!  If you love French macarons, you MUST go this bakery!  It's awesome!
4	After our yummy meal at Pan Asian I knew I couldn't pass up the opportunity to visit Patisserie Manon. This place is so cute and alot bigger than what I thought. French yumminess totally surrounds you here....I knew I had to try the French Macarons - we got vanilla, pistachio,cherry,and lemon. For a $1.00 each (YIKES) I thought they could've been bigger ( I've would've bought more if they more either bigger or more affordable) but they were chewy yummy. **I do like Project Cupcakes better though. ** We also got a few of their mini pastries - apple turnover,chocolate crossiant,almond, & custard. All were hit the spot good.I like this place and was glad that I finally was able to try them out because this place is very out of the way for me. But, if I am in the area I will stop by again and try other yummy stuff here.
5	Since the last review, I have discovered vanilla macaroons. Never thought they would be colored blue and never thought to ask for them. I assumed since I did not see the pale white yumminess that is vanilla, they were always out every time I went (I usually get there late in the afternoon.) Now it is a half dozen every single visit. They are light and creamy but at the same time have a delicate crunch. I'm salivating thinking about them.Also, I never did update about the brioche and apple chaussons. The brioche was pretty standard for a French bakery. The apple chaussons are excellent. These are also a must buy every visit. The pastry is firm, buttery and glazed with a perfect sugar crust. The apples are not too sweet and have a pleasant texture. Not cooked down too much but not too firm either. My mom liked the chocolate eclair I got for her, but she said it was a bit too sweet. Since then I have also gotten her a strawberry tart which she said was fabulous, but I think the winner was the apple tart. Upon tasting it, she said, "Anytime you go back you can get me another one of these." I got a blueberry tart for my bf (which he shared) and I have to say it was delightful. The fruit was soft but not squishy and the pastry was buttery and flaky with not a single bit of sogginess.Now I love chocolate, but the chocolate truffle cake is definitely for chocolate fanatics or very patient people who can stand to eat something a couple bites at a time. It was very rich, very chocolaty and very hard to finish. The Black Forest was far tastier in my opinion. Just the right amount of chocolate and a nice cherry flavor. However, the fraiser cake is still my favorite.Still haven't tried any of the savory selections except for the quiche. I will have to remedy that soon as the ham and cheese croissant in one of the other Yelpers pictures keeps beckoning to me.
4	This little gem is in back part of the series of shops east of the Whole Foods/Sports Chalet complex on Charleston.  It's a little bakery/bistro with a plethora of pastries as well as real food!  My lunch companions enjoyed the flakiness of the quiche and the savoury soup and we all happily consumed our various desserts.  I had the lemon tart which was like eating sunshine.  Very very smooth and lovely lemony goodness with each bite.  Not too tart and not too sweet.  I also bought a half dozen macarons (vanilla, chocolate, mint chocolate, lemon) and all were tasty; the meringue cookies had a nice amount of resistance when biting into them and the filling was also just right.Service was friendly and the place was very clean.  Not the coziest atmosphere, but cheery enough.  Check it out!
5	I love, LOVE Manon!  I curse myself for not stopping by here for months especially after lent when I knew I could fulfill my sweet tooth again.  I love coming here with my friends, hanging out and having some good quality grub.  Every time I come, I try something different because every dish is just begging for it.  The past two trips I've tried the turkey and cheese croissant and the bacon onion pizza and they were both amazing!  Before hand they might have been too hot or too cold but now they seem to have the heating time at the just the right amount.  The cheese is all nice and gooey without burning my tongue!  Of course these aren't the reason anyone should come down here though. . .Of course that was a lead in to the pastries!  Those wonderful wonderful pastries!  I also have to try something different everytime!  The eclairs, the fruit tarts, and of course the macaroons are all great here.  Heck, I'm kicking myself for waiting so long to even try a macaroon.  At 1 dollar they aren't cheap, but it's always worth to try one with your order.  So far Cherry and Peanut Butter are my faves!  My overall favorite pastry so far though has to be the Paris Brest!  Aside from the all the jokes you can make with the name (I'm immature I know) the way the creme and the bread taste together is amazing.  So in short yeah, this is one of my primo stops in the city, especially when I decide not to limit my sugar intake.  It's a great place to reward yourself with every once in a while and if you're there at the end of the day, you'll see the owners come in to close up and prepare for the next day.  Great group of people and I hope they're running this place for as long as humanely possible.
4	Food was exceptional!  Ham and swiss criossant was flavorful, flakey and creamy.  Beef bergenion was full of beef and the wine broth makes your mouth water.  Topped the meal off with a strawberry napolean and peanut butter maccaroons....service was fair, my only complaint.
5	Sinful eclairs! I am a bit of an eclair snob and have to say these are the best eclairs in Vegas. These good people are masterful bakers and their deserts are astounding. I haven't tried the rest of their menu yet but plan on working my way through all of their treats first. They have become a regular stop on weekends to pick up some sweets. The baked goods are incredibly well prepared, gorgeous in appearance and SUPER yummy taste. They care about their food and it shows.Staff is always attentive and friendly which is a great addition to their wonderful product. Highly recommend stopping in to have a little treat. You know you deserve it!
5	I love this bakery.  This is the place to enjoy a nice relaxing afternoon teatime.  Manon offers cake, bread, pastry (Danish, croissant),sandwich and more.  Fraiser caker 2.5/5 sweetnessThis cake is delicious.  The cream is fluffy and leaves a nice aroma in your mouth.  The texture of the cake is just firm enough to sink your sweet tooth in it.  The strawberry is always fresh.  The almond crust adds a good savory balance to the sweetness.  This is a lovely choice if you are craving for a berry cake.  Its not a heavy cake.  This dish goes very well with any flower flavor or white tea such as rose tea, jasmine or light green tea.   Lemon Tart/Mixed Berry Tart/Strawberry Tart//Blueberry Tart 3/5 sweetnessThe fruit tart has a fruity aroma with moose-like creamy texture to it. The lemon tart does not have tangy sour after taste.  It is balance just right between the sweet and the sourness.  The mixed berry tart occasionally can have a little sourness, the sugar glaze compliment very well with that berry sourness.   If you don't enjoy sour fragrance in tarts.  Blueberry tart is a good choice.  The shortbread cookie crust brings a very good balance to all fruit base tart.  Compares to the sweetness, the tarts is a sweeter than the strawberry cake.  It is a very refreshing dish and goes very well with dark tea such Earl grey or english breakfast tea.  Chocolate Tart 4/5 sweetnessAny one who loves dark chocolate and shortbread cookie should try this dish.   The rich creamy dark chocolate custard rest smoothly on top of the shortbread cookie tartshell.  It screams chocolate all over.  My recommendation of the drink would be coffee preferably black.
4	I love the croissant turkey sandwich and the macarons. A little on the expensive side, but you forget the price when you take your first bite. The staff was friendly enough, I would definitely go back!
5	Bonjour Las Vegas yelpers!I've been having Paris withdraws and craving French pastries... Finally had an opportunity to get a taste of Manon :))It's conveniently located in the same building where I get my nails done... I went in this week and tried the vanilla, chocolate and peanut butter macaroons, mini chocolate croissant and mini apple croissant... all under $5.Next time I get my nails done, I'll stop by and try other goodies.I'm a sucker for french pastries... Manon may just be the best french bakery in Las Vegas.I'll be back for more.Merci Manon!-Miss Yelp 2011
5	Patisserie manon - why are you 25mi from my house? Bookmarked forever ago and I finally was in the area for an errand. This place is totally worth the drive and I've been telling friends about it all week. Kind of weird that they have the daily specials outside the door but not at the counter. And the girl didn't know prices when I asked. They have soup and sandwiches, but also several French comfort food options - pork cassoulet, beef bourguignon, coq au von and escargot. Sorry I'm sure I butchered those names. I went with the bourguignon and escargot just to try and although the escargot was underwhelming (think they use unsalted butter?) the beef was exceptional. It was perfect for a cold November afternoon - a huge amount of tender beef braised in a super rich red wine sauce with carrots over a little penne pasta for a mere $10. Portion is def enough for 2 to share. Also picked up some things from the bakery - ginger macaroons were delish. Cake and even fillings were really light, my friend said it was the best coconut cake he's ever had. Service was friendly, but not great - girl at food counter didn't know pricing for specials, girls at pastry counter saw me standing there for a few min but just kept talking to each other on the side. You don't need to help me right away but pls at least acknowledge that I'm there.  Regardless ill still be back for the food and their whole cakes are also beautiful - not just your typical options of chocolate or yellow.
5	Tried the eclairs..chocolate & vanilla.  Absolutely wonderfull!  The vanilla was made with real vanilla beans, no extract or flavoring.  Filling was light & creamy.  Moderate pricing for such a high quality product.  The eclairs cost $5.00 for the two and each eclair was about eight inches long.  I would've gladly paid $5.00 for just one!
4	Tuck in the back of this shopping strip, you'll find an excellent little pastry shop, full of wonderful delights.  Walking in, you see the counters filled with so many things, your eye's grow big, your mouth begins to water, and you gain five pounds instantly!We had such a hard time making up our minds, but left with a box of goodies.  The Black forest cake was moist and creamy.  It's a great little place, you can taste the love in the product!
5	Just like a patisserie in France! Only better because it's here and has such reasonable prices! Love this place, especially the baguette, which are crunchy outside and airy inside.
5	original post 12/06/11 - updated 03/03/12AWESOME place, but I could do without the "trendier than thou" French patrons at a French bakery...  that's a joke. Seriously this place is so legit French people are patrons of  the establishment!!!I've been on and off the strip in search of the BEST French Bakery and it is my opinion that one does not need to look any further than this place. Their food and baked goods are fabulous and I highly recommend a visit to this bakery. Since discovering this place, I have encountered stories from people as far away as Henderson that know of this bakery and make the 30 minute journey just for Patisserie Manon. My first stop here was because it was close to the house and I was in search of breakfast pastry or two. Once there I noticed that they also had mini quiches so I purchased two to take home for my wife and all I can say is WOW (taste was great). Since that time, I have had the pleasure of having had and fallen in love with the following menu items:From the Bakery:Baguettes - Crunchy or Soft and oh, so light and wonderful.Viennoiserie - my favorite is the Pain au ChocolateMacarons - As they should be with a crisp shell and soft airy goodness inside Individual Cakes - Fraisier is my favorite followed by the Foret NoirFrom the Bistro: Quiches - various flavors but my favorite is still the spinach and goat cheese Ham or Turkey CroissantCroq Monsieur - yum, yum - I like a fried egg on top of mineThere are more items on the menu that i have yet to get around to sampling, but the ones listed above are what I have tried.lets see, what else; the place is family owned, the service is great and the people are personable. The only CON:Lattes are a bit of a disappointment, it is my understanding that they just have a premix or something like that, which is fine since it is a Patisserie and not a Cafe. They do have regular coffee which is fine - also the premixed Lattes aren't bad or anything, I like the Mocha myself, I would just prefer the ability to order up a fresh made latte or an espresso sometimes. ...after writing this updated review, I now feel the urge to go pay them a visit; damn them for being so close to my house.
5	Watch out bookmarks, I am beginning to blow through you like the Santa Ana Winds through California. It is about time that I stopped by this place. It has only been on my must try list for six months. If I had know it was this good, I would have trekked out here sooner.I put my foot down after seeing Jade W. almost picked a fight with Sylvia and Nelson Q. because she found out that they were the other people who was ordering her favorite dessert. Any pastry that could insight a riot is something I must have in my life even if I have made a new enemy. I wish I knew how to pronounce or spell it. The only thing I can tell you is that it is heaven. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/A0X1baHPgw9IiBRivu0G9g?select=6AXmPyN6DUHVXzk0SmYk5A The large obtuse triangle cake, on the right, is the way to go. It is a spongy cake soaked in a light simple syrup with a layer of butter cream, peaches, more spongy cake, a caramelized shell like topping, with granules of sugar on top. My sister and I got that and five Macarons for less then $10. That monster of a cake was only $4 and change. We had no fork and lost our dignity as we tore into this cake while parked outside. If self respect means eating with utensils, you can keep it, because I want my cake now. That was not even the end of our sugar trip. We had got two Ginger, one Raspberry, one Peanut Butter, and a Blueberry Macaron. We could not resist trying the ginger. Crispy outside shell, soft and chewy inside with a nice lingering taste of this medicinal root had me on cloud nine.Update: Talked to Jade W. It is called the Tropizienne. Remember that name.
4	I am quite thankful for this place, not only for the wonderful pastries and hot chocolate, but for the fact that they serve escargot on a regular basis.  I am so happy to have found Manon! They are open on Sundays at 7am, which is nice because this is a great place to grab a bite to eat and some sweets.  I look forward to eating here again!
4	I really love their cassoulet and have had it twice now.  They are quite generous and one order comes with fresh bread and there is always enough for leftovers.The coconut cake and quiches are also both great, though I wish their bread were a bit more flavorful.
5	There are two things I love dearly: french pastries (actually, most sugary confections will suit me just fine) and knocking out multiple Yelp bookmarks in a single day. Well Patisserie Manon, you managed to combine both of these into one easy pitstop.For my first day back in town, my brother and I stopped by after a dinner nearby. Considering I had been obsessing over macarons for the past six months, it was evident we must get as many as possible to justify our journey across town. We picked up Ginger, Raspberry, Peanut Butter and Blueberry at a dollar apiece. Also, my brother had heard about the Tropezienne cake from a few of his Yelp friends, so that was clearly a necessity. The macarons. Oh god, I thought I found perfection in Seattle...but I was wrong. So wrong. These are the epitome of what a macaron should be - airlike but with crunch; chewy yet fluffy. These blew the ones I picked up in Seattle out of the water - the Ginger flavor being the clear standout.As for the Tropizienne, I had never heard about it before. But after one bite, I sure as hell know what it is now. Layers of brioche soaked in a simple syrup with butter cream and peaches in between - seriously, how could you not love it? This mentality was clearly adopted between David S. and myself as we barehandedly devoured half of it in the parking lot - quite a barbaric sight if I'd ever seen one. The best part? A large (think the size of your head) piece was only $4.35. Thank goodness for the sizable distance between my house and Patisserie Manon - otherwise, my waistline might just hate my guts.
5	The pastries are delectable!!!! I was in heaven! My dessert had layers of chocolate and chocolate mousse topped with a thick luscious chocolate ganache. My husband had a strawberry shortcake that was nothing short of AMAZING!!!!!  I will definitely be returning on my next trip to Vegas.
5	One of my favorite places for a quick breakfast/lunch. Awesome coffee and cafe lattes. The bear claws are the best in town.
4	I had just about given up on teeth breaking and cavity inducing macaroons until I decided to try one of Manon's on a whim. It was a bit pricey for 50 cents or a dollar a piece the size of a quarter, but has some substance to it and is so chewy and soft compared to the sugar rocks I've eaten before in New York. I also had an apple pastry with almond/pear spread beneath on a flaky crust that was to die for. I think that was about $4.00. The chocolate croissants are small and a bit more chewy/hard than I'd like, but still good. There are two different kinds depending on if you want more or less chocolate, and each of those are about $2.25.While it's not the cheapest grocery store bakery, it's also not grocery store quality. I would go there more often if I had the money and waistline room to spare for it.
5	My wife and I have been here 3x in the last month!  That NEVER happens.  This place automatically gets 5 stars for sucking us into their French culinary vortex filled with delicious quiche, croissants and pastries.Everything looks great here.  I swear we're looking at the choices for a solid ten minutes everytime as the lunch crowd continues to ask us "Umm..are you in line or just looking?".  Then we do the same thing for dessert.  The $8.95 lunch combo is great bang for your buck.  You get your choice of a soup (usually more than 5 choices), sandwich (baguette, croissant or panini) and drink.  The baguette sandwich is HUGE.  They cut it into quarters and could easily feed 2.  I'm still trying to perfect my ideal panini but prosciutto, swiss, onion and mustard did me fine.  My wife loves the quiche.  We've tried the four cheese, veggie and bacon and the mushroom.  To have one of these everyday would be amazing.We always try to save room for dessert and usually split a tart or some kind of cake.  Eclairs, black forest cake, assorted macarons, fruit tarts..I feel like I'm on a game show and need to make a choice asap.  But alas I shouldn't feel pressured! I will be back for more!!
5	Are you French... no??  THEN SHUT UP!!!  Who remembers that??  Anyway, this has become a spot I love to go to lately.  I wish it was open a little more late though, I've been several times that it's been closed.  Having said that, this is a great choice for lunch.  Their lunch combos are cheap, delicious, portions are big.  I never had beef bourguinon until coming here.  And to be honest, I would never have ordered that unless I was with my friend, but by golly that beef was tender!!!Everyone that works here is so nice as well.  Staff is so polite, I love that.My one critique is that they can make their macarons look better.  With so many competitors around, they don't seem to have much attention to detail put into them.  But who am I to say?  I've never made a macaron in my life, I just eat them.
5	My daughter and I ended up in this shopping center since we got her first haircut two doors down. I knew I just had to come here after reading the review my girl Nik O. had just left for it. I came in feeling a little intimidated since I'm not a French foodie and I didn't know too much about French desserts but the helpful (and dare I say handsome) French man (and possibly owner?) was happy to answer my 30 questions about every type of pastry and bag them all up for me. When I inquired about the macaroons, he asked if I've ever had one, and when I said no, he happily handed me a chocolate one to try. The standouts from my order included the layered cake with fresh strawberries and almonds as well as the flan. My kids like sweets, but often more along the candy spectrum because they're kids. I have never seen them fight over a piece of cake as much as the one with strawberries, (hey, at least they're eating fruit) I thought Fight Club 2 was going to break out in my dining room. The flan is like the Mexican flan I'm used to, but inside of a pastry crust so it's smooth but also has a great crunchy texture. It was also bigger than a slice of pizza for under $5 (I think) and may have ruined all other flan for us. While going to the after Christmas sales, I told my husband I wanted to go to French Connection and he retorted I want French flan. Patisserie Manon, we will be back.
5	I read a gushing review a few months ago about this place and after two trips in two days, I wonder why it took me so long to get here.Guys aren't supposed to eat quiche, right? Well, screw that. The spinach and goat cheese one was awesome and just $5. Easily the best quiche I've had, not that it's a staple of my menu.I also tried a little ham-and-cheese croissant that just made me want to order the bigger one. The previous day, I ordered the french onion soup. You might not believe this, but a French place does it pretty well.The service is friendly, the kitchen got the food out fairly quickly and the portion size is generous for the price. Haven't dived into the bakery case beyond a lone macaron (which was good, not anything I'd get again,) but the cakes and tarts look like happy gut bombs. I'll be back here again ... next week.
5	A friend brought us a birthday cake from Patisserie Manon, and it was literally the best cake I've ever eaten in my life.  We all laughed when she opened the box, because it was piled high with strawberries and french macaroons and frosting and whipped cream and toasted almonds and chocolate shell ... and then we took a bite.  Cake as I knew it was over!
4	Wonderful spot!  Go and enjoy!
5	In over 20 years of searching, I have never found a bakery that can reproduce an Eclair au chocolat like those found in bakeries throughout France. That is until now, Manon's is without a doubt a truly authentic French bakery. Every item tastes as if you were buying it in a little bakery in a village in France and not Las Vegas.When in Vegas, skip the Paris Hotel bakery and drive over to the real deal at Manon's!
5	Went here for the first time today - and what a surprise.  Loved it!  And, really enjoyed the laid back relaxing setting.  The paintings on the walls made us feel like we were in France.  I had the chocolat croissant and my husband had the chocolat eclair, and 2 coffees.  All I can say is I wanted to continue on and taste the entire pastry case.  And, the coffee was delicious.  Personnel were so polite and very nice.  Next time I am getting the escargot and a quiche!
4	After bookmarking this place I had to try. Service: 0/5 The service was the only thing that turned me off, because I was a Newbie I've never tried macaroons so I had a bunch of questions like which flavors were good and what not but the girl helping me had never even eaten a macaroon. I wish they educated their employee's more at least because when you work in the food industry you get a lot of customers that do pride on asking workers for their honest opinion. She WAS NOT HELPFUL at all :(Macaroons: 4/5 I've never tried macaroons before so this review might be a little over exaggerated because I have nothing to compare them too. BUT I'll at least say this place made me LOVE MACAROONS. What I ordered from what I liked the most to the least.- chocolate: It was like a soft chocolate brownie. - peanut butter: I actually took a bite of this and also the chocolate at the same time they should make a peanut butter chocolate flavored macaroon. - vanilla: I really liked the Vanilla the buttery filling was very light almost like whip cream like very delicious not too sweet. - lemon: The lemon didn't really have a taste. I was hoping it would taste kind of like a lemon bar but there wasn't a taste at all except a small small after taste after trying really hard to taste something lolPrice: 5/5  $1 a macaroon can't beat that Jean Phillipe & payard have some competition!
4	LOVE this place!Went here after class twice while I was attending CSN and the trips did not disappoint! I never got around to trying different things, I just come for the macaroons and that delicious chocolate chip twist thats the right mix of fluffy+crunchy (I think they also put this yellow filling inside that I can't quite put my finger on). I would make more trips out here if this place was closer to where I live (wahh I live in Henderson). Next time though I will definitely try the cakes and perhaps use someone's birthday as an excuse to buy a birthday cake and yeah more macaroons xDService was friendly when I visited. The lady who rung me up got the pastries promptly and didn't hesitate to help.
3	We went here for lunch with my parents on Valentine's Day. I got the daily special which was a cassoulet. It was pretty good, especially the sausage. The sauce was a little strong though. I also had a cherry macaron which was decent.My wife got a French hot dog and split pea and bacon soup. Both were quite good. I'm not big into hot dog's but who can resist when it's layered with cheese and served on French bread.My mom got a croque monsieur which she said was just okay. My dad got a bowl of the split pea and bacon soup. My parents split a flan which everyone agreed was just okay.My wife got a layer cake with peaches. It was decent.Our lunch came to around $30. Not bad at all for four people with dessert.
5	What a gem! I absolutely love their sandwiches--especially the ham and Brie on a baguette with a little spicy dijon. It's huge!! The cakes and macarons are so fresh! Also fun to pick up French goodies in their small pantry section.
5	I fell in love with the four cheese quiche.  I have to admit I went back three times in two weeks.  I was happy with the savory.  The French Bread is spectacular.  My friends insisted on ordering a selection of cakes and pies.  I'm not a big sweets fan, but I did wind up liking each and every one of them.  As I am writing this...I'm planning how I can justify driving across town to have the quiche again.
3	A friend on Facebook said this was a must try! So I did. My business partner and I went in for lunch... Wow, talk about your baked goods.. Pastries everywhere! We went to the back counter to order lunch. As for the staff, not sure if our server wanted to be there that day.. that's ok.. we all have a bad day every now and then. There were lots of choices of quiche, one of my favorite lunches.. I went with the spinach & goat cheese. I also asked for a cup of split pea soup. The quiche was light and fluffy, and great taste of spinach. As for the goat cheese, instead of mixed in there was just a large piece on top. As for the split pea, I guess they have never heard the expression "Thick as pea soup"It was a thin broth with tiny bits of ham. My business partner also had quiche, she chose one with bacon... After I tasted it, I know what I am going to order next time. Yes, I'll be back. You can't judge a restaurant on one visit... Looking forward to trying other options.
5	Love this place can't get enough of the Quiches and Escargot, they have great salads and sandwiches.The Bakery to die for!
5	One of our favorite food places in all of Las Vegas. We come here at least once a week and have not been disappointed once. We took my sister here once and she fell in love with the macaroons. Now we have to bring her back a box every time we come back to So Cal. Great food and amazing pastries!
4	Always on the look out for a good bakery shop.  There are plenty of places that sell good deserts, but a free standing bakery, this one is tops.Today we are desiring cake, so we each pick one and couldn't wait to get home with our newly purchased treats.I got the foret noir, it was chocolate layers, with cherry, whip cream and chocolate shavings.  My husband got the lemon pie, white cake layers, lemon cream, frosting, a jelly lemon wedge and topped with lemon macaroons.  They were delicious!  Fresh, sweet and worth every penny.  This place is very good, they have all kinds of pastries as well as a deli.  They can even make to order.
5	The BEST decision I've made all week was to pop my head into Chef Jean-Paul and Rachel's bakery!  Even though we just had dinner across the street, the place looks and smells so "delicious" -- we couldn't resist!  So, we decided to order a little bit of everything from Bear Claws, peach & pineapple fruit tarts to a blue berry custard pie for breakfast the next day.  Heck, the price is so reasonable compared to all the over-price bakery shops -- why not, right?!!  Let me tell ya!  We snuck a bite of the bear claw at 10pm that night and the rest was history.  :-)  YUM!!!!  I'll definitely be back!
5	I write this review while resisting the nap my stomach is telling me to take.  Had lunch with the wife and a piece of cake to go.  All was excellent, it's the little touches that make the difference for me.  I will definitely go back.
5	An amazing French pastry shop. I tried each of the 10 flavors of macarons that were available as well as the paris brest, gourmandise strawberry and tropezienne. The paris brest was a bit rich even for me, but I could see that it was well done. There are lots of patisseries on the Strip, but this is a must for fans of pastries.
4	Awesome macaroons! That's all I can say. I wanna try other cakes too but didn't have enough time to do so during our stay in vegas. I did get a lot of macaroons as my snack during the trip.
4	O.K, this is my first time reviewing on Yelp. This place is next door to another business I go to and yesterday decided to go in. The salted carmel macaroon was the best thing I have had in forever!!! Go get one now!!  While you are there you will see the most beautiful cakes, and patisseries. I promise you will leave with something. Also the staff was great, I will most surley  be back.
5	Ive been wanting to try Patisseire Manon for awhile now! It's located in Summerlin, by far the nicest part of Vegas. It's hidden and can easily be missed, its in the same complex as Whole Foods & Roy's steakhouse. When you walk in the bakery is in the front and the cafe with the food is in the back. For the food you have to go unto the counter to place your order. I built my own sandwich, there are several different options for bread, meats & vegetables. I chose a baguette with mayonnaise, lettuce, tomatoes, olives & swiss cheese. It came out to around $7, when I got my order I had four half slices of sandwiches, which is ALOT. The bread was perfect, they bake it fresh in the back and the sandwich was light and good. I would say its well worth the $7, you could even share it with someone.  After wards I moved onto the bakery, I was overwhelmed by the selections of pastries & cake! They have several types of macaroons, meringues, eclairs,  tartelette, slices of cake & chocolate croissants. I tried a slice of the strawberry cake which was delicious! Its a favorite item and tasting how fresh the cake & strawberries were I can see why. Very light and fluffy. I also tried the cake made out of touberlone chocolate bar, at first bite it was extremely chocolatey and didn't think I could eat it. But after your taste buds adjust to the sweetness, your able to enjoy the flavors that remind you of how much you actually liked the Touberlone chocolate. I would recommend the strawberry cake on the safe side but if your a sugar fiend then Im sure you can handle basically any of the pastry selection here.
3	Not really getting the hype. OK, there are not a lot of french patisseries in Vegas and a few weeks after a trip to Paris, I am going through some serious withdrawal. The verdict: Bakery items and pastries are bomb but bistro items like their quiches and croq monsieur are average. Skip lunch and grab dessert instead.
4	Their macaron was awesome! Don't be fooled by the look. I only got three macarons since looking at it, it really didn't look that amazing. But then when I tried it on the way back home from Vegas, omg, it was so good! Chewy inside crispy outside just the way macaron should be. I tried peanut butter, pistachio and caramel and caramel was so good! Peanut butter, not really as their filling was just pure peanut butter and it was just overpowering everything. :/If I'm at Vegas, I'll definitely return!
1	Walked into the place and its pretty big. There are tables all up and down to the right side of the place. There is no signage directing folks where to go.  I took a guess and walked to the rear of the place and there  you can order sandwiches with a cashier. I am standing there looking at the menu. All of sudden 7 or 8 ladies walk up to my right and start placing orders with the cashier.  Was I invisible? I must have been. I said to the cashier is there somewhere I am supposed to stand to get service? She tells me know I have to stand behind the line of ladies that just got up from their table to order. What? I was standing right in front of her before them! Horrible customer service and now I don't get to eat lunch because my lunch was only 45 minutes.  I didn't even get to try their food for the review.  I called to talk to the manager Roman about the horrible treatment I received.  I think Roman should know a little bit about the customer service to try to improve in it because I won't be the last one to complain. Based on how I was treated there they lost my business for good!
4	So I finally got to try these famous little delights called macrons. I decided to try them here since they had great reviews, not to mention they're only $1 each!  Say What?!I wasn't sure what to expect or what to compare them to. They look like colorful plump cookie sandwiches. A flavored filling is wedged between 2 cookies that are crisp on the outside but moist & chewy on the inside. They were good but a little too sweet for me. I did enjoy the coffee one.I also tried the Eclair & Fraisier. The fraisier was wonderful! Not as sweet as the macarons and the thin almonds were a pleasant addition.A great French Bakery to try.
5	Authentic French Bakery/Bistro without the snooty attitude....Hoh Hoh!  (In a French accent).I walked in for a relaxing Sunday lunch to find a good number of patrons, smiling staff, and the sugary/buttery aromas you'd hope to find in a good bakery.  The display cases are illuminated with a plethora of divinely colorful cakes and pastries; it really does feel like being a little kid again.  You might want to wear sunglasses, to hide the fact that your pupils are dialated like the people in Soundgarden's "Black Hole Sun" video.  (Is 90's Grunge fair to reference anymore?)I came in with a book, and appetite, and high expectations.  The only thing that didn't get accomplished was the book part, since I was too involved with my food, and you can't eat a book.  Here are the specifics of my order:Cup of Tomato Soup - Light and flavorful, served with two pieces of fresh baked French bread, perfect for dipping.  I enjoyed this soup, which wasn't as garlicy and basily as some Italian versions would be, but still contained subtle nuances of herbs alongside the tomato goodness. Bacon and Spinach Quiche - My favorite part of a quiche is the flaky, yet crispy crust on the outside.  This quiche was incredibly light and fluffy, which is exactly what many quiche lovers look forward to experiencing.  I found it too light, and lacking texture.  The flavor was nice, with the rich bacon coming through in every bite, but I wouldn't order it again. Macarons :Salt Caramel and Butter - Rich, lovely, and perfectly divine.  I must say this is one of the best tasting macarons you'll find.  Lemon - Also quite good, the lemon curd in the middle was bright and refreshing.Pistachio - Very good as well, however the Salt Caramel and Butter stole the show here.  I would highly recommend having at least two of those. No pretense here, just well baked food for everyone, regardless of whether you call them "Macaroons," or "Macarons."-Adieu
4	BEST macaron place EVER!!!  Plus they are ONLY $1 each!!!I am macaron obsessed and have had my share of eating macarons in various locations throughout Los Angeles and Las Vegas.This place is absolute heaven in your mouth!Hubby and I tried vanilla, peanut butter, pistachio, blueberry, cherry, and chocolate mint.  Our faves were the chocolate mint and peanut butter.  Vanilla and cherry were also very good.  Blueberry and pistachio were just okay but still good.Can't wait to return and try the other flavors and the other pastries/ desserts looked just as deelish!!!
4	I've been twice to pick up treasures and bring them home for couch consumption.  Everything has been scrum-diddly-umptious!The macaroons are so great.  First of all, they are so pretty to look at.  Vibrant colors and three bites of complete bliss.  New flavor is salty caramel and butter or something like that.  Holy moly! That is a good macaroon!!!!! Pistachio is excellent as well.  These would be really fun to get for a group or a party instead of cupcakes.  They are only $1 each so thats not bad!  Like I said, pretty too! You could get colors you like for a shower.  Must remember this idea.......I also tried the chocolate croissants on the last visit.  Always a winner. Service was efficient and friendly.  Will continue to return!!
5	I haven't actually been to this bakery myself, but my girl stops by every so often to get me some macarons. I never knew I liked these little cookies until trying them in Paris and my life has never been the same again. I like just about every flavor they make, with chocolate pistachio being my favorite. Every time she brings a little box home we finish the entire thing before the next morning. They're just so addictive.
4	Came in here for the first time today! Had the French onion soup and wanted to lick the bowl! Had the croque monsuer as well, it was good but i will try a different sandwich next time.I couldn't leave without the macaroons, I tried the salted carmel and coffee. Both were good. Can't wait for the boyfriend to get back from his deployment so I can take him here!
5	A few years ago on my birthday, my family for some strange, bizarre reason forgot about getting a birthday cake for me. Soooo on the night of my birthday, they all realized nobody bought one for me. OUCH... major ouch indeed. To play it off, my Father previously bought a loaf of chestnut bread and stuck a candle in it and yes.. That was my birthday cake. My Father goes.. What?!!?? What's wrong with this.. It's good.. something different this year. I go.. yeah right that's Not a birthday cake, it's a loaf of bread. You guys forgot about my birthday cake?!??!! They couldn't even look at me.. I gave my Family the look of "how could you?!" After that experience, it's a tradition now that I get my own cake and everybody is happy! :)That being said, a fellow yelper, Leos L. raved about this new French Bakery Pastry Bistro. So the curious georgette that I am, I looked up this place on Yelp and read the reviews on what's good here. One picture struck my interest of this marvelous, playful looking cake. I was sold in my birthday cake hunt. Nestled in the back of Roy's Restaurant on  W. Charleston Blvd. you'll find where this hidden treasure is located. This place is more than just sweets, they also serve lunch and chocolate candies too! The cake of choice is called The Fraisier. And what a cake it is... Consisting of fresh whipped cream and sliced strawberries as the filling... stacked up taller than the usual birthday cakes, this beauty came with colorful, glowing purple and red macarons with ginormous strawberries side by side each other and toasted sliced almonds all over the top of the cake! All around the sides even had sliced strawberries as part of the crust. Looked quite artsy and creative! Just looking at this cake, it reminds me of Disneyland. Makes you feel so darn good inside, maybe a little giddy perhaps, but it's one of those sights you see that just brightens you up and brings excitement in your eyes. After staring at this cake, my first bite made my taste buds Scream for joy!!! The richness in taste wasn't so empowering, but very much so inviting. Everything just melts in your mouth and the fresh whipped cream with sliced strawberries literally made such an impact, I didn't speak a word until I finished my delicious slice of heaven. Savor the moment?!! I savored each bite! So fresh and moist, this was seriously a luscious cake. They wrote Happy Birthday Suki on a separate.. what looks like the same texture as a macaron bun. Everything almost looked 3-D-ish.It was also my first time being introduced to macarons!!! I'm familiar with macaroons with the sweetened, shredded coconuts, but not this type of pastry. It looks like a mini tiny Tiny solid color hamburger. The buns almost having a egg shell like feel, but more delicate than that. With an airy crunch density as you first bite into it, while the inside is creamy, yet soft. The filling flavor can be practically anything you want to create. That's the fun part in trying a macaron or making it. It's made well if both buns have a ruffled skirt. I would try to describe it in another way, but that's inappropriate. Use your imagination and maybe you can figure that out :P Weighs and reminds me of a toasted marshmallow, but with tons of more pizazz!!! Great addition to put on cakes, it completely transforms it to a tantalizing playground of fun!This is one of my favorite cakes to buy for any occasion and I'll definitely go back to try more pastries especially the Tiramisu and Camille. If you don't want the full commitment in getting a cake, try a slice of the Fraisier. It might even make you say.... Oh la la! Bon Appetit :D
5	It does not get better than this place, seriously.Patisserie Manon is located downstairs on the far left side of the building behind Flemings at Charleston and Ft. Apache. The location is a bit diabolical as it is situated just beneath a few personal training studios - confronting someone with the option of delicious, beautiful French pastries right after an exhausting hour long workout just is NOT playing fair. That said, it is equally delicious when you are not famished. It is set up in two parts, really. The front register is for the bakery case - there are a number of different pastries in the case - eclaires, macarons, slices of cake, croissants, tarts, and more. They are pretty reasonably priced (around $4 each) and perfect for a sweet treat to enjoy there or to go. You can also purchase cakes at the front - their cake cooler is always worth a peek as they really do a gorgeous job with decorating. Lots of great colors and flourishes. These cakes are AH-mazing. My favorite is the Tobli cake. I bought it by accident once because it was the least expensive chocolate flavored cake in the case and I didn't want to spend the money on the more expensive truffle cake. It is called "Tobli" because it incorporates elements from the Toblerone Candy Bar - so chocolate and peanuts. There are crispy nougatey layers alternated with generous dollops of to die for chocolate cream filling, and dusted with more chocolate cream and peanuts.I've since bought this cake a few times for various occasions and everyone absolutely loves it. Additionally, I purchased two of their Bouches de Noel (Christmas Logs) which are "rolled" sponge cake filled with frosting and decorated really cutely with a "log" exterior and little woodland animals. Super cute and a perfect hostess gift for the holidays.The back section of the restaurant is focused on the savory yumminess - breakfast is nice - they serve a few different egg dishes with their amazingly flaky and buttery croissants, along with delicious quiches (the salmon and vegetable quiche special I had once was surprisingly amazing) Their soups are also quite good and my husband always ordered the "French Hotdog", which was a hot dog sliced and served on baguette with bechamel sauce - super yummy. Warning: the hot dog itself is not very high quality, but the rest of the dish is good enough, and novel enough, that it is still okay. If you're having both a meal and dessert, you usually order your meal and your dessert from the separate areas, not all on one tab. The staff are typically very nice - there are some who don't always come across as super friendly and there are occasionally waits, but I've honestly never had a bad experience there and anytime there is a wait, I can understand why (they have a lot of diners, or few employees, etc) The drink selection is the one downfall - for example, they don't currently carry any orange juice (or a selection of other juices), which is a bit odd for a place that is open for breakfast. Price: The pastries and savory food are a deal - very reasonable. The cakes are pretty expensive, but worth it in my opinion as they are unique, fresh, and delicious - your guests will talk about a cake from Manon for weeks. Cake Tip: The "servings" listed on the cakes are pretty generous - a "4 serving" cake serves at least 6, a 6 serving cake probably serves 8-10 slices, etc. In conclusion, if you have not been here, please go, it is great!
4	One word... French Macaroons! YUMOne day I was craving for these sweet decadent awesomeness desserts and found this place on Google. Ever since then I have been a fan. Other things on the dessert menu that are good are:Foret NoirFraisierMille feuilleTiramitsuBesides these they have really good quiches. My favorite is the ham and cheese. The cons.. HMMM Oh yes! $1 a macaroon. I think thats kinda steep but if you are craving, money is not a thing. SATISFY THAT SWEET TOOTH LOLNow stop reading this and GET SOME! =)
5	Hubby, who's from Belgium, learned about this gem of a place from a friend who's French. Who else would know betterThought this is a MUST visit. It's across town from where we live but would drive the extra mile for real good bread and pastries. They do offfer lunch as well at the back counter which was not that noticeable from  the front but they do have a sign board by the door. Hubby and I had the beef bourgignon and  cassoulet the first time we went there. Very good but a bit salty for my taste. Bought several quiches to go - Lorraine,ham and cheese,onion, mushroom with goat cheese - flan, and macarons. Been back several times last month just because it was close by Summerlin hosp where hubby's having a procedure done, but definitely worth the trip for that alone. Macarons were not as amazing as some of the reviews I've read claim. I got one of each flavor @ $1 each, which was about 11, I think. They were  ok. Baguettes were awesome both soft and crunchy. Yes, they have two kinds. Didn't know that. Btw, Croque monsieur was so yummy!!   Five stars all around!
4	I was having Bottega Louie withdrawals and was looking for a smaller French bakery to get my macaron on! Came here after studying with the bestie, and I'm so glad I made the visit. Although, they're going on "summer break" soon. Let's start with the good: MACARONS. $1 Macarons were welcoming. I had the Salted Caramel and Chocolate Mint. Salted Caramel: AMAZING. Mint Chocolate: EW. I love this place but this just tasted like bad toothpaste! I also ordered the black forest cake. It was just okay. It honestly just tasted like chocolate cake to me and wasn't anything out of this world. I hope to come back and try other pastries and the sandwiches as well. The biggest point, I would say, is the decoration and branding. There is definitely some renovation to be done here. My sisters described the place as "spooky," which is the opposite of what a place with great food like this should be. Also, it was a bit confusing to see that the biggest sign on the building actually said french pastry & bakery rather than the actual Patisserie's name. Definitely has great potential though!
5	I came here on a saturday afternoon and got all 14 different macarons and a meal. The meal was a cheese turkey croissant with chicken noodle and an ice tea. Each macaroon is a dollar and the meal was ~10. - Greatest macarons I've tasted yet! true to the flavor. My favorites are the chocolate mint, vanilla, and pistachio. least would be the blueberry surprisingly. Most of the macarons are very thick and chewy, which i love. I don't like the airy ones with a light crisp, which is probably how they are supposed to be made. There's is still crispy despite the chew.Presentation of macaron is unique. very soothe surface, but seem to still be individualized since the shapes vary. I like how they put bits of pistachio and how the the purple macaron is actually cherry. haha. they use a lot of dye.   - Cheapest macaroons! I've been to a lot of macaroon places in the OC and LA, and I think that this place tops them all. I say that bc pricing drives most of my decisions. lol. it's really cheap. Macaroons in socal are range from 2 to 3 -ish. - Turkey croissant is very cheesy and crispy. delicious. nuff said.- Small portion of soup. Very few chicken pieces, but big. noodles are mushy, but overall still tasty. - Can't wait to come back and try their other pastries!^____^!!! ^__^!
5	The best french pastries - or any pastries really - in LV. Seriously. That place you're thinking of? No.I've been to my share of pastries around here, LA, SF, NYC, etc. More importantly, I've been to Paris. I know what it's supposed to be. This is genuinely the only place that can come close to a proper baguette, almond croissant, and macaron. As a matter of fact, this is the only place I've been to that knows an almond croissant isn't a croissant with almonds sprinkled on top, or that a baguette should have a hard shell and not have simple Wonderbread inside (like Lee's Sandwiches - the epitome of embracing a low standard and marketing it).I am definitely judging this place on their desserts and not on their cafe side. I don't have a lot of opinions on that half of the place. It's just food. I don't really know why you'd go there for that half anyway.Go try this place if you haven't been there. It has no equal in Las Vegas.
5	$1 macaroons , how can u complain about that!!!! Long drive from the strip but totally worth the drive! Thanks SM!!!!!!!!
4	I enjoy macarons quite a bit, and the ones here are the chewiest, most delicious that I've tried so far.  I've had them at Bouchon, Paula's in Beverly Hills, different Vietnamese bakeries, different bakeries all over, but these were better than all of them.  Plus, they are $1 each!  I also had their peanut butter and chocolate cake, andit was also very good.  It was rich without being cloyingly sweet, and at $4.35 per gigantic slice, which is enough for 4 easily, it wasn't a bad value.  I had to take a star off for one issue.  We noticed that on the bakery section, the employees didn't have hair nets or hats or anything to hold their hair back, and the employees had long, fluffy hair. It seems that it would be more sanitary to have hair tied and under hats or nets.  it's actually a law in California, but I'm not sure about the code here in Las Vegas.
5	Only reason I came here was for the macarons that I've been seeing all over Instagram.Welp, my roomie and I were off of work one day and decided to drive alllllllllllllllllllllllll the way there as I've never had them before.Since we had come after working out, he suggested we eat breakfast before the macaroons. (Crazy idea, right?!)He got the breakfast with over easy eggs, bacon, and a croissant.I got a baguette sandwich with turkey, pickles, and brie. AND escargot. Yep, I felt a little adventurous at 11am.Another friend of mines got and egg white omelette with bacon, onions, and swiss cheese.Roomies croissant was delicious. I've never had something that buttery yet, flaky. Went DELICIOUSLY with the bacon and egg put in there. That runny yoke was to-die-for.My sandwich was ok. I mean, I loved the brie (main reason I ordered it) and pickles but, not so much on the turkey. More so just because I don't like turkey.... Leave it to me to order a turkey sandwich based on the cheese in it! LOLMy escargot was pesto-y, garlic-y, and olive oil-y HEAVEN!!!!!!!!! I've only had escargot (snails) the Filipino way when it's either in soups or steamed (I think); and this was sooooo much more better than that! I could've just ate the sauce and bread allll day.My other friend's egg white omelette was amazing. I don't normally like egg white omelettes but the bacon was so....idk, it just tasted different...more savory??!! Everything just went so well.I'd love to have my own egg white omelette next time.Came for the macarons; and stayed for the food!I would drive to the ends of the Earth for this place. And from my side of town; it kind of is =)
5	My mom and I stopped in yesterday and picked up a Chocolate Eclair, Almond Croissant, some type of Chocolate Chip and Custard pastry, as well as a Cherry, Pistachio, Chocolate Pistachio, and Caramel with Salt Butter Macarons. Everything was amazing!!! The custard in the eclair was super cold, creamy, and not too sweet. The Macarons are my new favorite. I typically bought mine at SambaLatte and went for the almond, but Patisserie Manon's are not only more than double the size, but are lower in price and way more tasty! While they didn't have almond, they had pistachio which blew Samba's almond out of the water. The almond flour used really came through and I felt like it was a perfect blend. The Caramel Salt w/ Butter was a flavor explosion as well. Pick up an Almond Croissant, too... It's NOTHING like a croissant because it's cheery and spongy, but my is it delicious!!!
4	Yeah, that's how crazy I am.  I get all the way to Vegas and what do I do...drive another 5 or so miles off the strip for what? Macarons! You guessed it. At $1 a pop, I thought hey, why not.  Buy 50 of them and it's like one roll on craps.  Yes, they pale in size comparison to the macarons at Bouchon, but the price won't kill you either.  We tried several flavors, all of which were delicious.  Of course, my favorite was the salted caramel, and I think I could've had about a dozen right then and there.  They had a perfect consistency; a bit of a crunch on the outside, chewy texture, just the right amount of filling.  So worth it!The place itself is located in a big strip mall with tons of parking.  There's lot of seating and friendly service.  From what I could see, they make tons of other pastries and cakes, and if they are anything like the macarons, they're sure to be a hit.
4	I love, love this bakery. Every single Item is just delicious. I could not make up my mind about the macarons as they have about 14 different flavors. At the end I decided just to take one of each and every single one was very enjoyable. Be prepare to spend more money than what you expect as they have a large variate of pastries. oh and did I mention that their staff was super friendly!??
4	Great service! Delightful desserts! Don't miss the sandwiches though, the croque monsieur was wonderful!
2	OK... I've been to France and Tahiti and the croissants are indefinably better there then at Manon. The croissant I received the first time I went was soggy. Deciding to give it another try, I had the same experience again. Tasted like a Costco croissant which are good, but not the flaky, crisp buttery outside and soft gooey inside it should be. The portions sizes of the desserts are huge and I brought home a typical European almond cake and we all agreed it was overly sweet without the nuance of a fine pastry. The cappuccino was mediocre as well, yet the service staff was very friendly and efficient.
3	This place is special, I really like the feeling when you walk into this place. Cakes pieces are big, 2 people can definitely share. Prices range from $4.95 /piece and up.
5	I've always wanted to try a French Bakery and a friend of mine from Austria says that this is an authentic as it gets.  Honestly, I had some of the best croissants I've ever had!  I couldn't believe how chewy and flavorful the almond croissant was.  I've never had anything like it in my life.  I'll be back for sure, but I have to be careful since I know I'll put on the weight eating there!
5	Love this place.  The cakes and pastries are so very good, words cannot describe them.  I absolutely love the lemon pie.  It's actually a cake, but they call it a pie?  It's layers of white cake with lemon cream frosting between the layers topped with one of their lemon macaroons.  Very good!  I never grow tired of it.  A great selection for pastries, much stop and try.
5	Ooh La La! I found French heaven in a strip mall in the middle of the desert! I had a hard time finding this little gem so for the uninitiated, it is across Charleston from Boca Park tucked behind Flemming's. Highlights.....Salted Caramel Macarons, Escargot!!!!!, Croque Monsieur wonderful soups and pastries and, and, and..... I mean really.....where can you get some crusty bread and some garlicky escargot that does not require a fine dining price. Ho ho ho Escargot!
5	These are some of the most delicious pastries I've ever had outside of France.  Absolutely perfect.  The prices were much better than expected, too.  Also, I don't really like eclairs, but after having some here, I cannot WAIT to try some of the other varieties of eclairs they have.  I cannot WAIT to come back :)
5	So they are not the sexiest macarons but what they lack in beauty they make up for in sheer macaron goodness!  The "cookies" exude freshness with their thin, crisp shell surrounding a just moist center.  The gentle caress of almond accentuates every flavor of not too sweet filling.  The nut flavors are outstanding but for $1 each, indulge in them all!True Parisian style breads (great crust, great chew).  Tearing lustfully into a baguette with your bare hands, smelling it then enjoying its flavor with a glass of wine is hard to beat.Outstanding croissants.  Flaky, not to buttery, with the perfect kiss of sweetness and saltiness.  Eating them naked is the only way to go. (You guys know what I mean - plain croissants).Great looking shop.  Friendly and passionate service.  If this small sampling is any indication, tout est bon!
5	"Omg, I love macarons." Sure, I'd lie about them to sound all hip and cool since macarons have become the new in thing this past year. Had I ever had a good one? Resounding no. Maybe it's just Houston, but they're all dry and excessively sweet here. I'm going to be honest and say that prior to Patisserie Manon, I'd never even finished a whole macaron. I was actually convinced that  no one else liked them either, but just wanted to continue appearing to be refined.Patisserie Manon... crispy, puffy, chewy and delicately sweetened macarons. I definitely ordered way too many of these and other assorted pastries, but they were so affordable! The patisserie didn't pretentiously overcharge for their goods like other bakeries to seem "more French." I ended up buying so many that I couldn't finish them all. Three days later, they still taste better than all of the other macarons I've tried in Houston, but probably equally dry now.
1	I drive by this place every morning on my way to work and see the sign flipper out there doing his thing, thought I would give it a try. HORRIBLE!!! I paid $7 for a small coffee and an apple pastry. The coffee tasted like mud and it was cold, the apple tart was the worse thing I have ate in a long time!! Walmart bakery actually does a better job!! The lady went on and on about how fresh everything is...BS, there was no way my apple tart was fresh!! YUCK!!!Lesson learned...I will stick with my $2.14 cup of DD coffee from now on and $0.99 apple fritter.
3	The macarons are good, and the flavors really stand out, but I didn't care much for my custard beignet. It was really greasy, and the custard was the texture of cottage cheese. The beignet was lacking something that I can't quite put my finger on, but it was perhaps the lack of powdered sugar.
5	I'm French (from paris) recently arrived in the valley, I love this place ! the closest thing I found to my usual bakery/pastry in France, well done Jean-paul ! Romain is really nice too :) keep up the good work !
4	As someone who loves macarons and French cuisine, I had to go here.  I got a croque madame, cappuccino and macarons.  My cousin tried the ham croissant, turkey croissant and a tomato soup.  My sister got a beef bourguignon.  We all shared and tasted each other's food.  I loved everything we ordered as it reminded me of being in Paris.As for their macarons, I ordered 3 of each flavor.  They're the scariest looking macarons I've ever seen.  They look nothing like Parisian macarons from Laduree.  They're lumpy and oddly shaped.  Well-made macarons are supposed to be smooth, shiny with well-formed feet.  However, if you close your eyes and bite into one, they actually do taste great!  My favorites are chocolate pistachio, cafe, caramel salt & butter, and pistachio.  Mint chocolate and ginger are eeewww.  We also ordered a slice of raspberry truffle.  Yum!As if I hadn't eaten enough already, I also ordered escargot after eating some macarons and cake.  We also ordered a quiche Lorraine, mushroom and goat cheese quiche and a ham and bacon quiche.  If Patisserie Manon was any closer to my office, I'd be obese...but then again, nobody's obese in Paris!
5	Meep Meep!!That was my first thought when I first walked into Patisserie Manon for their macarons.  I remember being out on the golf course in Palm Springs a few years back.  I remember seeing a bunch of mini-birds running across the fairway.  I asked my friend, what the heck is that?  He stated, those are what you call a Road Runner. Funny, that was my first time to ever see a Road Runner in real life and never expected them to be so small.  Yes, I was one of those that thought a Road Runner was the height of an ostrich.  I guess I watched too many cartoons as a child.  Now fast forward to my first macaron.  The only thing I ever knew about a macaron was what I've seen in pictures or what I've seen on Yelp.  I honestly expected a macaron to be the size of a burger slider.  You can now see why I thought of "Meep Meep" when I first walked into Patisserie Manon.  I didn't expect a macaron to be so small, like a Road Runner.Small, but huge on taste.  These little road runners tasted so good and I don't even have a sweet tooth. Tried their Orange, Lemon, Cherry, Blueberry, Cafe, Vanilla, and Caramel.  All were good and would have to say that Caramel had to be my favorite.  These little treats are served cold and if not kept cool, will begin to break apart.  Because they are bite size and so tasty, it was easy to finish the box.  Sorry Honey, Daddy still left you a few.  You snooze, you lose litte girl!!Service was great and the ambiance reminds me of a cafe.  But not like one of those fast paced cafes ala Starbucks, but one where you can kick it and enjoy your macaron.  The macarons have a certain bite or kick to them.  You will notice it a few seconds after your first gobble.  Their other desserts also looked good, but I didn't try them. Maybe on my next visit.  Thanks Yelpers...you guys got me here.  You guys helped me realize that I actually have a sweet tooth.  Now looking forward for my next Road Runner, I mean Macaron. And of course, I recommend.  Meep Meep!!
4	This place has some really yummy desserts!!!!!! So good I went here once with my mom and dad on a Saturday and with my mom and sister on the following Wednesday. Give it a whirl!
5	Everything I've tried has been great. If you like ginger, you gotta try the ginger macaroons for only $1 a piece.
4	I had been wanting to come here FOREVER! But for some reason it just never happened. Finally this sunday I had to be in that part of town around noon so we decided to drop by for breakfast first.As I understand it, this place used to bevery small with a few tables. But i guess because its popularity has surged they have had to expand. We started in the bsitro area where we ordered a ham and turkey croissant. They sprinkle a ton of cheese over it, and that plusthe bechamel sauce was kind of overkill for me. But it did its job and filled me up.After breakfast we headed to the front where they have the macarons. This is what i had really gone there for! We each ordered the chocolate, pistachio, strawberry, raspberry and coffee. I loved them all, except the raspberry. I would've bought 50 if my budget (and waist size) allowed it.
5	Hooray for french food in Summerlin! This place has the most amazing pastries and cakes! I can't stop buying them here. The cakes are a bit pricey, but more than worth it. The tarts are just heavenly. I have yet to get something I was not thoroughly happy I purchased.They also make excellent breakfast and lunch food. Scrambled eggs and a croissant for breakfast really hit the spot, as does a nice goat cheese and mushroom quiche for lunch. Really you can't go wrong here. My only concern is that my metabolism can't keep up with all the rich tasting food!
3	I specifically came here to try the Macaroons and wasn't overly impressed. They are good but not as great as Bouchon. I will be coming back here I'm sure to eventually try other deserts and will hopefully be able to re-review this place.
3	French macaroons are adult cookies. I should have hidden my adult cookies from the kids. I went to visit my best friend with French macaroons in hand and of course her kids wanted to try some and their verdict was ICk!! My Verdict is Yum! French macaroons here are pretty tasty. They aren't super sugary  which is good but the flavor profiles on some of them are a little artificial. The cassoulet is amazing. Super Yummy. Lots of flavor. That gets 5 stars. The Croque Monsieur get's an ehhhhh from me. Staff is really friendly. I couldn't decide between the soups they had on hand and the girl let me sample all 3 that they had simmering in the crock. They were all delicious but the garlicky tomatoey flavor of the cassoulet really piqued my interest.If you're in the area it's worth a stop but I wouldn't necessarily go out of my way.
4	The back of the bakery has a cafe!It is a nice bakery but it's very very pricey! I am a huge fan of all the items I tried, such as the Egg pastries with Ham and Cheese. The macaroons. . . So yummy! Will be back for cream puffs and Cake!
5	Man oh man, do I wish this place was closer to me. I guess, it's actually a good thing it's not, or i would be going there almost every day. Aside from the most recent time I went, service has always been great. Always friendly. Never too long of a wait for food. Man, their quiches are so damn good. I get so angry at them every time I eat one of their quiches because mine just never quite measure up. i don't know how they get them so perfect every time. From the crust to the filling, everything is just so damn tasty. I will say though, the only one I've tried that I haven't been a big fan of is their chili one. I didn't quite like the how the quiche was kind of liquidy because o the chili. They do have a quiche special, where you get a quiche, soup or salad, and drink for only $8.95.Cassoulet & Beef bourbignon are also two things that should be checked out. The cassoulet [ i do hope I'm spelling that right], is mainly pork, with sausage, bacon, and white beans served with a couple pieces of bread. The beef bourbignon consists of beef [duh] , carrots, onions, and pasta also served with a couple pieces of bread. You get this cute little pot full, all for 9.95 ! they have so many pastries there, it's ridiculous. I've only tried a handful of things myself, but most of it was pretty good. I was a little disappointed by their eclairs, but that was no biggie. All in all, a great place to go. I'll never get tired of eating their quiches.
4	After seeing so many reviews and pictures of this place, I had to try it out for myself. It's a 5 minute drive from work, which may not be a good thing for my diet. My first visit was with my mom, who happened to be in town. We decided to split a small ham and cheese croissant and a dutch apple tart. We ordered 2 coffees as well. When i took the first bite of that croissant I was taken aback at how many different buttery layers of crusty goodness it contained. It was literally perfection on a plate. It had a mild melted cheese balanced with a sweet savory ham and it took my breath away. We both looked at each other marveling at the taste. I couldn't believe how good this little $2.95 sandwich could be and neither could she. It was THAT GOOD! So simple, yet insanely rich and flavorful. The tart was delicious as well and made the perfect ending to the breakfast. The coffee was refilled constantly while we stayed to chat well after the food was finished. This kind of establishment is part of the reason I love this city. You can go to an authentic French bakery and bask in the splendor of feeling like you're in another time and place, then pack up and head back to reality a five minute drive away. I've returned to Patisserie Manon on several occasions since that first visit. Service has been continually friendly and attentive. I've since tried the apple flan and some macarons, which are divine. I'll never stop ordering that ham and cheese croissant though.
4	My husband loves french patisseries. I've never been fortunate enough to go to Paris but he studied abroad in Spain for a semester and has fond memories of a trip to Paris where he enjoyed the "best pastries ever".  Patissserie Manon brought back those memories with their delectable treats! We stopped by on a Saturday morning for a sweet treat and coffee. I enjoyed an eclair and a salted caramel butter macaroon while my husband devoured a chocolate croissant and a pistachio macaroon (we love us some macaroons). The front half of the restaurant is all the sweets while the back serves up hot sandwiches, pizzas, quiches and more.  We look forward to a return visit where we plan to try some of the savory treats.
5	Thank God this place is not close to my house !We've only ordered bake goods to go - we've yet to eat in the restaurant.  The macaroons are tasty ( personally, i find them to be too brightly colored but that has no affect on the taste !)The cakes - at a cost of about $4-5 for a slice - IT'S A STEAL ! not sure of the foo-foo french names but we've had the pineapple, the strawberry, chocolate raspberry and other cake slices that can easily be shared.  The creme brulee with fruit is spot on !The westside has Manon and Chocolate Spice;  eastside has Bread and Butter and Layers - in my neck of the woods ( SW) the drago sisters on Rainbow ain't in the same class ( we do have a new cake/crepe place on Durango that might have a chance ( review on the way )
2	Overrated...walked in to browse and buy pastries. quaint lil shop and concept but poor execution. I asked the girl behind the counter about a few different pastries and she seemed quite bored with me so i just bought an eclair to try and it was the bland and dry and over creamed. SKIP.
5	This is near my house, so i go here every chance i get. their quiche is flaky, cheesy and baked perfectly. Their macaroons are delicious and only $1 each, i recommend their chocolate pistachio! Their other pastries and cakes are delicious also. Definitely step out of your comfort zone and get an assortment of baked goodness!
5	I loved this place. I had the turkey, ham and Swiss croissant. Amazing.. Like butter melting in my mouth but better. Everything was perfect and it was exactly what I wanted for breakfast and didn't know it!Desserts.. Wow.. the case was insane. I am going to invade that case like the Marines hit Iwo Jima. It was a orgasm to the eye and your senses are overwhelmed. Just looking at the cakes was as good as any birthday meal I am have had; then to actually touch, feel, and eat it would be amazingly next level. However, because I am limiting my ability to be a total meatball, I just indulged in the macaroons. Wow, they are amazing. I decided to get one of each and the girl and I are slowly working our way thru the selections. They are all excellent and I will let you know when I invade that cake case! Coming soon!!!
4	The portion of this it is huge, we order two dessert and we need a Togo box for it...love the enthusiastic of the restaurant :) u can see the own walk up and down and check up stuff... Great bakery, just wish when I walk in there will be fresh baked bread smell around lol
4	Awesome! Affordable French food. Their pastries were delicious!  We tried four flavors of macaroons: salted caramel, pistachio, chocolate mint, and lemon.  I liked the salted caramel the best.  We also shared a chocolate croissant, which was pretty good.  My wife loved it.  I thought is was just okay, but I like rich desserts and the chocolate croissant is not meant to be rich.  They had so many other great looking pastries that we did not try: flan, cake, eclairs, etc.  The regular food items were okay, but not great.  We shared a bowl of French onion soup.  Flavor was good, but I prefer loads of cheese and they added very little.  We tasted our friend's spinach and goat cheese quiche.  I think it was under cooked because it was runny.  Perhaps I just don't know French food.  Another friend had a lamb sausage sandwich. The portions were huge.  I thought it was two sandwiches.  The smothered the sandwiches with Frend fries.  (Do the French call them French fries, or just fried potatoes?)  The sausages were tiny.  I'd guess the width of my pinky finger.  I can't wait to go back and try more pastries.
4	When I first walked in, it brought back memories of when I was a young child walking into a candy store, full of excitement and joy as i danced and skipped around the huge magical assortment of sweets. Okay, honestly I don't remember that far back to my first experience in a candy story but I imagine it was a lot like when I first walked into Patisserie Manon. They are smart cookies I tell you, they place all their sweets by the door so that you're more likely to not skip out on dessert. Eclairs, to creme brulees, to their famous strawberry cake and Black Forest cake, to my most favorite part.. THEIR MACAROONS. Seriously the BEST macaroons I have tasted! Perfect amount of crisp 'poof' to the outside shells and just amount of creamy center, with a variety of flavors to choose from -- favorites are salted caramel and butter salted caramel. They sell them at $1 each and allow you to sample one flavor for free. I've also purchased their strawberry cake from them and definitely something I'll be getting for any upcoming birthdays, including my own. I have yet to try their Black Forest and white chocolate Black Forest since I've been told is another top seller. I've also dined in for lunch, but their food selection didn't excite me as much as the bakery and pastries part of the restaurant did. I went with the creamy spinach soup and it was just OK. I'd return to try out their quiches though and their prices are pretty reasonable considering the portions they serve.
5	I had Patisserie Manon bookmarked FOREVER and I finally dragged my lazy butt down there to try them out for some post-dinner yumminess. A bunch of my local friends recommended it and the yelp reviews made this place sound amazing, and boy, did it live up to expectation! They are a wonderland of yummy baked goods. I didn't try the little cafe in the back so I can't say anything about that, but the eclairs were BOMB!! I had the chocolate eclair stuffed with vanilla custard. It was SOOO good!! I didn't try any of the macaroons either, but this weekend we will be trying the tiramisu cake from there so stay posted!
1	My much anticipated trip to this bakery ended with total disappointment. Based on the yelp reviews I thought this place would be a frequent place to enjoy good pastry. I was very deceived by the crowded store and wide array of items. How could all these people have such bad pallettes? I should have walked away after the girl behind the counter had such a big attitude as if I was bothering her. I wasn't even taking a long time to order. She obviously has her bun on her head too tight and it is causing rude behavior. Ugh!  Guess I am glad that the pastries suck because based on the service alone I wouldn't come back. Ok now on to the food. The macaroons taste of pure sugar no flavor just sweet. The almond danish was so hard I could have cracked a tooth. The peanut butter chocolate cake was very moist but again no flavor. I've had better tasting cake from Costco. I got a few other items and didn't even try them. Not worth the calories or disappointment. Thank goodness Chef Flemming's was still open for some redemption from this debacle.
4	Macarons! I honestly only go here for their tiny, puffy, macarons. And only costing a $1 each, this place just screams heaven! I've also tried their other pastries like mille feuille (Napoleons), strawberry tart, chocolate truffle cake, eclairs, cream puffs, opera cakes, and other bakery items like their quiches and breads. I've also tasted all 15 flavors of the macarons. My favorites are pistachio, ginger, french vanilla, and coffee flavors. I've yet tasted their savory menu like their soups and sandwiches. And I don't have much interest in the candies/chocolates they also offer, but I bet you they're also bomb. Everything I've tried all tasted so heavenly, so delicious, I could imagine Marie Antoinette eating her cake right there beside me. I would say the whole setting of the place is a bit awkward though. They need some serious feng shui to fix their flow. It's nice to see that some of their employees are actually French. It adds a nice touch of authenticity to the place. And hearing an attractive male speaking in a French accent just adds a little sweetness to the already sweet pastries around *winks Manon is my go-to place whenever I'm craving pastries. They're a lot more affordable than the pastry shops at the Strip and still taste as good.
3	It is kind of hard to find it on that plaza, they should do something about their sings I think.It's a two headed cow to me. The deserts part of it is amazing, lots of sweets for good price. I tried their vanilla chocolate eclair and it was amazing, not too sweet, not too much chocolate, the cream inside was just insanely good. In other words perfectly balanced eclair. Not a big fan of the macaroons but they were very good as well, especially the chocolate one.On the other hand I wash't impressed at all with the restauranty part of the place. I had the new special called the "Frenchie" with lamb sausage and it was pretty bad. The bread was dry, the sausage had bone in it and almost broke my tooth, the french fries were too greasy overall dull, boring and dry sandwich. Not going to try it again.The french hot dog on the other hand was very good, simple and tasty.Please more of that.
4	The drive to summerlin is kind of a drag, but this place is pretty good!  Their macarons are soooo delicious.  They are a little pricey ($1 each) for one small cookie, but man are they good.  I know it takes a lot to make a macaron but they make so many, they can bring the price down just a little (please? haha)  I want to try their famous Frasier cake... it looks yummy.
3	I visited about an hour after they opened in the morning and it was busy. This was my first visit to Patisserie Manon so I took my time looking around the pastry counter. Everything was pricey but what I was really after was a mille feuille which wasn't in the case. When I asked the girl at the counter she said that they didn't have any made that day. Not happy with that but I went on and bought some Macarons (Vanilla, coffee, and cherry flavored). They tasted really nice, though the crusts on the macarons weren't as smooth as another type that I tried at another french bakery. It was a nice visit with good macarons but when it comes to any bakery that I visit I'd like to buy a variety of nice, good quality pastries but not have it take a big bite out of my wallet.
5	This place is great!  Not only are the prices very reasonable, but everything is made fresh and tastes awesome!Came here to pick up some goodies for my Mom's birthday.  They had some amazing looking truffle choco cakes for about $30, but when I saw I could get HUGE slices of the same thing for only $4, I decided to get 5-6 different things for the same money!  We tried a bunch of things, but the truffle choco cake was probably my favorite.  I tried the macaroons, and they were good too...kinda fluffy and not overly sweet.  I also liked the profiteroles, so I would recommend any of those!The tiramisu wasn't the best I've had, but it was good.  I prob would skip it next time though.But seriously, if you are in the neighborhood, this is a great way to fix your sweet tooth for very reasonable money!  One $4 slice by myself woulda topped me off personally :)
4	I love pretty much everything here and thought they could not go wrong with any of their items, but today I ordered the Apple and Almond Cream Flan and found that it was far too sweet to be enjoyable. =/ Usually they don't make their desserts overly sweet. They were also out of the salted caramel butter macroons that I always get when I stop in. On the other hand, their strawberry tart was as expensive as their giant slices of cake, but it was still good. They have regular chocolate croissants and then DOUBLE chocolate croissants. Make sure to specify which one you want. The strawberry shortcake is the best here. I've tried the chocolate cake and borabora (pineapple white cake) and they were also good but the strawberry one, well, takes the cake. The savory foods that they serve in the back are also good but have a tendency of being a bit on the heavy or salty side. Might just be the nature of the cuisine? Service is also better when it's slow.
5	Great prices for slices of ultra delicious cake, and under $5 a piece. I come here every Saturday after work to get a piece of cake for home.Recommended...
5	I've never had a macaron... macaroon? In my life hahah I also do not have much of a sweet tooth! BUT I've been wanting to try them for a while though because they look so darn pretty and I have had Patisserie Manon bookmarked but just haven't gotten around to going there. This morning the doctor I was working with was really craving some sweets so I went to go pick us up some goodies from PM.. When you walk in you are hit with a delicious aroma and a bunch of beautiful pastries.. Towards the back they have their little bistro for sandwiches and hot dishes with booths to sit at (definitely coming back for lunch with the bf... he loved the movie Ratatouille LOL..)The girl who helped me was patient & helpful while I checked out some stuff and she actually picked out the macaron flavors for me.. We got chocolate, vanilla, pistachio and salted caramel.. We also got an almond chocolate croissant.. The total came to $7.25 before tip.. NICE~!!!When I got back to the office.. I was debating on if I should try them or not because I'm watching what I eat..  But I just had to have at least one little bite of everything haha.. OMG Everyone who has ever told me that macarons are over rated is WRONG!!! They taste like chewy cookies with a nice little crunch and gooey center... yummmmm All of them were good but Chocolate and Salted Caramel stood out.. I will be back just for the SALTED CARAMEL!!! Perfect balance of flavors. WOW.. and I'm not going to lie I actually had TWO little bites of just the salted caramel LOL... I also love the fact that the macarons come in mini sizes.. The almond chocolate croissant was good too. Really moist and buttery in the middle. Any who, too bad I'm trying to be healthier otherwise I would be coming here A LOT!!! Boooooo but hey.. we're all allowed to have cheat days every now and then right??? haha HOT TIP: The lady at the counter told me they are always changing their bistro menu so that means more yummy nom noms to try~!!!
4	I made a special trip from Henderson to Summerlin JUST to go to Patisserie Manon after seeing many of my trusted Yelp friends write glowing reviews of this quaint little French bistro and bakery. I had very limited time, but it was all good, as I knew before I walked in exactly what I wanted: Some of the delicious macarons.The macarons here run $1 a piece, and Patisserie Manon has a plethora of flavors to choose from. A very helpful employee recommended some of her personal favorites as well as the most commonly bought flavors. I got a pretty good assortment of flavors, my favorites were the peanut butter, salted caramel, and strawberry. I was advised to store any I didn't eat in the freezer, and sure enough a couple days later they were still chewy and moist deliciousness. NOTE: Open til 9 on weeknights!
4	I think going into any bakery should make you feel like you are being massaged by sunshine and colors and smells.  This is a good sized, family run bakery that offers you a gazillion options for pastries and sweets and breakfast.  Their menu is very decadent and rich, the place is perfect for kids to hang out with a kids' corner and a candy wall, and the service is bright and sunny (esp from the owners!).  This place will wash all your blues away.  Wish it were closer to my home.
4	I've had their macarons and also a chocolate cake.Both are delicious.It's clean and well staffed. I had one occasion when one of the employees got a little disgruntled during a macaron rush by customers which was very off putting. You can't expect the customers to know your ordering process. We aren't employees like you who are trained on the steps to help a customer. Good training in customer service would help the staff better assist the customers and have those customers want to return and purchase more product. Aside from that it's a lovely local place. Can't wait to try the savory food options.No tax at the bakery!
5	Delicious sandwiches and soups.  Don't just get the desserts!
4	I was here in the very early morning for a take-home breakfast, and having never been to a French bakery for take-home before, I sought assistance from the staff. All of them were helpful and patient, and it was charming to see the owner there so early in the morning. Great service!It was very pleasant to wait for my order in the nicely-decorated, tidy restaurant space, with the fresh smell of pastries and the clean scent of a well-kept establishment. My order did not take very long either despite being a relatively large order with specific instructions, too, and so early in the morning, so plus points for that as well since sometimes bakeries can take some time to warm up to full service.As for the food, I had the most delicious croissant I've ever had in my life from here. I'm not an expert on French food and pastries, but I've had my fair share of croissants across the seven seas... and this is, by far, the best. I had one fresh that morning, then had one sitting in the open air till the next day, and that second one was still just as buttery and flaky... Truly delightful. Ah...The croissant sandwiches are delicious as well, but that croissant is just so perfect on its own that I wouldn't want to taint its purity with ham and cheese or anything else.This was my first time having a macaron, since I'd always steered away from them thinking they were "macaroons", which I hate... I had the caramel salt macaron. I don't have any other macaron experiences to compare this to, but if macarons are like this, then I'm definitely a happy convert. Definitely looking forward to trying this place again; I'm already excited! I'm reserving the 5 star for after I experience Manon as a sit-down guest, but it's definitely in line to be a favorite.
5	I'm always in love with their quiches, sweets, and friendly people. Everything here is delicious!
4	So many tasty sweets and sandwiches to choose from!So many colorful pastries(american style, obviously, since in France I've never seen these colorful goodies)!.I had a ham and cheese croissant, along with an chocolate croissant and an vanilla chocolate eclair, everything topped with a small hot latte.The ham and cheese croissant:pure pleasure for my taste buds!Amazing!But(there are couple of them "buts"), the coffee was burned.Not the milk, but the coffee beans, so my latte was bitter.First impression with the vanilla eclair?Nice textures but way too sweet!I realize we're living in US, but the amount of sugar  overwhelmed the flavor of vanilla filling and the chocolate topping.The chocolate croissant was very fluffy but again, the amount of sugar in the chocolate was way over the limit!And then, to release all the flavors from the pastry, the croissant should be warmed, unless the customer says different, when on the table.I'm in love with the sweets, I'm in love with crunchy crusty hearted bread and that's why I tried today this place, one of few french establishments in Vegas.Disappointed they're adapting the quantity of sugar to the american standards and customers instead of being the other way around.P.S.The guy over the counter at the sandwich area called me two times dude :-). California's still dreaming-surfing I guess...
5	Manon! My love Manon! Where did you come from? Let me guess... France ?! It has to be France! All the good things come from there, well when it come to desserts anyway :)Patisserie Manon is heaven on Earth! Please get off your diet and pay them a visit ! I can't even begin to tell you what's my favorite...cause they all are! This is one of those places where everything is perfectly conceived to please your pallets, your tongue pallets! Go and pick whatever your heart desires form the dessert section, I promise you it will be GREAT !
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!I love their macarons! They're small enough so that you can have more than just one without feeling too guilty. The caramel-salt flavor is my favorite. They're light and crisp on the outside and soft and gooey on the inside. They have a variety of other sweet treats, and I have yet to try them, but BELIEVE that I WILL! I hear fabulous things about their cakes so I think that will be my next indulgence. I've also had their croque madame and it is perrrrfect! The croissant is buttery and everything in between is just spectacular. They serve it with a mini salad with a side of the cutest pickles I've ever seen!I cannot wait to come back to this little French bakery!
4	What a quaint little shop and so unique in Las Vegas. great spot to do soup and sandwiches. Just tried the bread, but will definitely be back! Yum!
1	Worst place for lunch and even worse place for service. First the lady taking my order insisted on having conversations with her coworkers during the order process. So I was continually asked to repeat myself. Then after I fully ordered I was told that there wasn't any ham or turkey left...kind of important to know since I was ordering a turkey sandwich to begin with. Not to mention how does a sandwich shop run out of ham and turkey? Sit down with my Mother and 15 minutes later she's told the spinach quiche she ordered isn't available either so she would have to change her order. 30 minutes later she still hasn't received her food. Poor communication and unhelpful service equals me never coming back.
5	This place is so charming! The owner is as sweet as her French Macarons! My favorites are Vanilla and Coffee. I'm so excited to try some more!
2	Worst experience ever = =Got merely few choices in Tuesday morning. When I saw they used a plastic foam to box my tiramisu, my nerve is cracking (it is a gift ) as i requested to change a box, they clamped the cake out  destroyed the surface. I then asked for a bag, they gave me a plastic supermarket bag. Do you really that hate me? On the way out, a man who just brought a tiramisu before me walked in with a box of crushed tiramisu that even worst than mine. So glad....haha = =  Since its too impolite; I ate it....The food is good, the service is terrible
2	This is a review on their macarons alone. I thought they were terrible. I had 4 cookies and they all fell apart when I took a bite in them, as if they were old and sitting there for days. The cookie to filling ratio just seemed off to me, too much cookie and not nearly enough filling. With all of the good reviews, I thought that this place would be delicious and I had high hopes, but they were crushed pretty darn fast. If you want a good macaron, do not go here.
5	This place is possibly the best bakery I have ever had a chance to visit.  I stumbled upon it through a top 100 list of Vegas online a couple of years ago.  Anyway, I have been frequenting Patisserie Manon every 2-3 weeks since then, as it is located in the Summerlin, Boca Park area.  I have been on the hunt for a bakery that can rival this  place; but alas, I have failed countless times. Now to the food.  Of course, their macarons are just schlamazing! My favorite is the salted caramel!  One of the cakes I enjoy most is the Frazier, which is this white cake, covered in thin, roasted slices of almond on it's perimeter, and has slices of strawberries between the three layers of delicious fluff.  Yum!  Most of the dessert items have one thing in common: having the right amount of sweetness.  It could be that this is something intended in French cooking.  Regardless, it's good and you can bet that the pastry chef know what he or she is doing. I've also ventured a bit deeper into the bakery, where their hot foods are made to order.  The quiche lorraine is my favorite.  I believe it has bacon and cheese (it's been a while since I've ordered it).  Their boeuf bourguignon is scrumptious.  The slabs of beef and slices of carrot are so tender.  The soup is so delicious. It's also served with a baguette, because this dish wouldn't be complete without you dipping it into the sauce with the trace of bergundy wine all up in there.  I'm hungry now. Overall, this is an impeccable establishment and I highly recommend visiting this place, even if you are just visiting Las Vegas.
2	Items sampled include: Pistachio, Coffee, and Caramel with Salted Butter MacaronsMille FeuilleCoffee Buche NoelAlmond CroissantIronically serving as a sharp contrast to the experience at Honey Salt a later day stop at Patisserie Manon would present pleasant and competent service despite entirely sub-par French pastry - the seemingly well regarded shop perhaps overrun with holiday orders but unable to impress with a single item; the macarons gummy (albeit quite nicely flavored,) the mille-feuille mushy, and the Buche Noel ornately decorated but tilted far adrift in the frosting to cake ratio making it somewhat akin to spooning frosting from a can directly into your mouth.  Good, although certainly not great, the almond croissant was one saving grace for the lot and I'd gladly return to enjoy one fresh/warm/fluffy at a later date to better assess as the shell was appropriately crisp, the frangipane thin and not overly sweet, and butter tones ample...but at the same time, why travel so far off strip when both Bouchon and Payard are more than capable of delivering a superlative croissant without leaving the hotel?
4	This business is bascially divided into 2 parts, the bakery and the lunch counter, but you can't divide reviews so I'm giving a 5 to the lunch and a 3 to the bakery.  Had a tuna pan bagnat, which was not exactly like the one you get in the south of France, which has chunks of tuna, green beans, potatoes etc., in oil on a crusty round bread, but the roll was round and delicious, and the tuna salad was really good, albeit American style, and did include sliced boiled eggs and tomatoes as a sort-of salute to Nicoise. The ham and cheese on their really good croissant was also tasty- best thing hands down was the Croque Madame- crispy, creamy, cheesy, salty, literally good to the last bite. It was also basically self-serve, but the counter people were helpful, friendly and prompt.  Now to dessert. Were we just not hungry enough? We scoped the case on the way in and didn't know how we would ever narrow our choices. The pastries on display were both huge and beautiful. We finally settled on the lemon flan,strawberry tart, and mille-feuille.  They were huge and beautiful. Too bad they didn't taste better. Of the three, the mille-feuille was the best. It was layers of light, crispy pastry with whipped cream filling and strawberries. Sounds great. Looked great. The lady at the counter said it traditionally comes with a chocolate coating. Put it back. It needs the flavor. The tart was OK- crust was nice and it's hard to mess up strawberries, but the layer of pastry cream was just yucky. Same as the lemon flan. It was a huge portion, but we were expecting something smooth, light and creamy, like Mexican flan. It was heavy, chalky, and grainy. Even our resident human garbage disposal couldn't finish it. Or didn't want to. Who knew Mexicans were superior to the French as pastry chefs? To add insult to injury,my niece reported that the counterperson at the bakery was less than gracious; Ok, rude. Not to be deterred, we decided to order a few things to go, so I was prepped to be nasty right back, but she decided to behave with me and no blood was shed. We had a lot better luck with the product, too. Salted caramel macarons were so tasty, as was the crispy coconut macaroon,and  the croissants (plain and almond). Will definitely go back, but will approach the pastry counter with caution.
5	I LOVE this place, it's cute and has amazing pastries, I wish they had more iced coffee options but I just get a hot one and ask for a cup of ice
4	Manon is so adorable! This place is decorated with all sorts of illustrations that slowly acclimate your brain into believing that you're in some small village of France. I visited here with my boyfriend's family for Mother's Day. As soon as I walked in, I was taken aback by the beautiful array of desserts. So many to choose from, and they were gorgeous! After making my way through to the back, we ordered breakfast platters and omelets (which is served all day long, don't let the blackboard fool you!).  Personally, their breakfast menu is very similar to a breakfast platter with eggs and meat and a side of toast at any other restaurant that serves breakfast. However, I do have to say that their croissant is freshly baked and yummy AND their bacon is pretty damn good, too. Unfortunately, I did not have a chance to explore the rest of their large variety of other food options so I'll have to go back.I must say that the only reason for this 4 star review is because we had to wait a long while in order for everyone to even receive the drinks. My party also received our orders in different times so there was a small chaos brewing in the beginning of our breakfast. The desserts on the other hand was AMAZING. I had the salted caramel and vanilla macarons and they were delicious! I ended up buying one of each flavor for my best friend to try and she loved them all. I also had the profiteroles and they were by far the best I've tasted. It was filled with custard and topped with chocolate and whipped cream. I'll be going back every week to pick up one of those for me. :) Other people in my party had more fruity pastries and they did mention that they had too much fruit in them but I think it may be the French or Manon style of baking so... to each his own. Overall, the food is to be determined but desserts are a must try!
5	This bakery is right next to the Whole Foods I go to pretty often. I love the macarons here and the cakes. I've introduced a lot of my friends to this place and they all loved it too. I can be somewhat of a macaron monster so I have to think about my waist line when I'm here. My favorite flavors are coffee, salted caramel, and lemon. Their cakes are huge and so good. Not too heavy or sweet so it doesn't overwhelm. Definitely recommended!
2	My wife loves this place, however I am not a fan. They were out of the bread I wanted, Had to settle on something else and I could have made it at home  at about the same quality and half the cost.
5	Omg the chocolate black Forrest cake is like changing and highly recommend it!!
5	One step into this store and you'll feel like you've stepped into a patisserie in France by how good the baked desserts look here. The cake slices are huge, and reasonably priced at a little over $4 for a tower of cake. They also have buttery croissants, tarts, breads, and various sandwiches for sale (Just to name a few!). One of their trademarks is their macarons. When I was here they had about 15 different varieties, for $1 each. Flavors included chocolate mint, vanilla, pistachio, salted caramel, blueberry, strawberry, ginger, orange, lemon, and coffee (cafe). I ordered a variety of macarons. They had a nice blend of crunchy, chewy, and sweet. My favorites out of all I ordered were the pistachio and lemon. Service was fast and friendly. Definitely a good stop for delicious and beautifully crafted desserts. As for their sandwiches, I will definitely stop by next time I'm in town to try a croque monsieur!
5	Return visit update. Definitely awarding the 5 star here - always top-notch service, always top-notch food, and always a great experience, whether you're dining in or taking something home.For one, the croissant is still simply the best croissant I have ever had, and if that is as good as a croissant gets then I have no reason to complain, either. This is definitely a croissant you'd want to try on its own first, to appreciate how wonderful and flaky and buttery it really is. It feels like a work of art... the croissant that haunts my dreams when I go too long without it and must subsist, reluctantly, on the doughy-hard-chewy pseudo-croissants from the groceries.And after you've tried The Croissant On Its Own, it's also worth trying the croissant sandwiches, for a different take. They're another class, but they're so good... I always deeply appreciate a sandwich that doesn't sink miserably into the excess cheese, and the ratios they use here make such a good, basic croissant sandwich...For two, the other pastries are still excellent, especially for the price point. It really is difficult to beat the pricing of these compared to value; they're such great pieces that could easily demand a higher price. Thank goodness they don't; the one-dollar macaron is just so appealing. I think the clear best is the salted caramel, by the way.For three, the staff is just so personable and friendly. They have excellent in-house communication, which is critical since they have different stations for different foods, and there's a lot of dine-in and take-out distinctions. But they're all very, very good, and they take the time to give you some fun and useful information too, like recommendations, and how the patisserie closes in July for Bastille Day celebrations back home in France. Needless to say, I have been returning here, happier and happier each time to have Patisserie Manon in the neighborhood.
4	A return visit and loved this place as before.  I had a craving for a chocolate croissant.  Layers of buttery deliciousness  with tiny semi-sweet chocoate morsels, it was perfect.  I topped it off with two meringues - one pistachio and one mint chocolate. The shop is very authentic and  luckily I live closeby! yes!
3	Macarons were really yummy, Second trip here bistro food was ok. Brought the hubby but he wasnt impressed. I didnt blame him they were out of alot of breads but noticed a lot of their food is pre made and they just throw it in a toaster to melt the cheese not sure how I feel about that doesnt seem very fresh but maybe its a french thing. Desserts are phenomenal I would come back if I was really craving some fruit tarts or something sweet, prices are great but will probably pass on the bistro.
5	A business associate brought these cookies in from Patisserie Manon into the office a few months ago, and my family and I now get them for a treat now and then.Absolutely amazing.  The office loved them and they do not last long.
5	This place is a gem! It has fresh pastries, decadent desserts and entrees that are most definitely made with time and care! The employees in this establishment are very hospitable and accommodating. I ordered the Mushroom and Goat Cheese Quiche and it was by far the best quiche I've ever had! My boyfriend had some as well and thought it was the greatest one he ever tasted as well and he's been to France several times. It doesn't get better than this quaint little bistro!
5	Love everything about the place from the dessert options, to the food, and the service! This place never leaves me disappointed but rather full and happy!! I love their mimosa cake best cake I've had in a long time along with the strawberry cake that is available with the options of just slices. And last but not least their CRUSANTS ive never had any like those so buttery and flakey it melts in you're mouth!! Love this place!!!
4	Everything was delish! We split a ham & cheese croissant, and a veggie bacon quiche.. they both were amazing. And then we finished off with creme brulee and a couple macarons! Yum!
4	Drove all the way out here on our most recent visit to Vegas just for the macarons, and what a disappointment that they were closed for summer vacation.  I guess I should have called first, but the yelp app said they were open.  So sad.  On a brighter note, they are set to reopen on July 23rd. Too bad we won't be in town again for a while.  Still worth a visit if you happen to be in town.  Just call before you make the trek off the strip.
5	Patisserie Manon is my absolute favorite bakery in town.  I would recommend their pastries to everyone.  I come here as many times as I possibly can.  I always get the Individual Gourmandise Rasberry pastry.  Their Macarons are fabulous too.  I always wanted to try the food here as well, but I never get past the desserts.  Bottom line, this place is a hidden gem in Las Vegas and if you haven't tried it, get over there ASAP!
5	Looks like our search for good French Macrons has come to an end!Flavors we chose: Blueberry, Lemon, Rasberry, Coffee, Peanut Butter, Strawberry, Pistachio, Caramel /Salt/Butter & Vanilla. They're not the prettiest French Macrons that you'd see featured on the front of some culinary magazine but they are the TASTIEST I've ever had. My palette is quite bad, I taste things that no one else tastes and I can't taste what everyone tastes lol, but when they say blueberry, you blueberry. A majority of the places here in Vegas have some of the most flavorless macrons and they charge a ridiculous amount for them, anywhere from $1.50-$3.00-- the heck?! Manon sells theirs for $1.00 each and they pack a punch full of flavor! I think they're worth more than the other ones out in town but-- don't tell Manon that, I don't want them to raise their prices! :PWe had a ham, turkey & cheese croissant, split pea soup, French onion soup & a salad. Personally I wasn't a fan of the split pea (generally my fav but there's an after taste that I'm not diggin') but my husband liked it so I took over the French onion, which I did enjoy. The croissant was AMAZEBALLS. The salad was deceiving... It was a bowl of boring romaine, slices of ham, shredded cheese,... Then the honey mustard vinaigrette, holy crap-- I completely underestimated that dressing! We visited yesterday and today. And once we run out of our macrons, we'll be back again ;)
5	Best French bakery in town! They have great cakes, cookies, macaroons, bread, and everything in between. We come for the croissants for breakfast and sandwiches for lunch. The prices are great. There is a nice little restaurant area. Be warned, the smell of fresh French bread being baked will break the will of even the most hard core carb counter. The slices of cake are the size of a toaster, and soooooooo good. We did the Fraizer cake today.
5	French pastries?  Look no further.  Now, understandably, everyone else loves the macaroons.  Hate to be a party pooper, but they're just not my thing.  Don't get me wrong, the texture of the minis are completely awesome.  But I don't really care for candied anything, and the little bit of flavor in the middle just kinda goes bleh to me.  However, in the heart of trying it, I did try a few of their flavors and thought the pistachio was pretty great.It could have been the day and time that I arrived, but I didn't see anything like Mille-feuille (Napoleons), even though that's one of the favorites when it comes to French delicacies.  Might have sold out at that point.I also was amazed at the size.  The eating area stretched all the way back and was very spacious.Definitely, next time, I need to partake in the not-so-sweet, and work on those sandwiches.  I know at some point, I'll catch one of those mille-feuille in the wild... and then... look out! nom nom nom nom nom....
5	Love this place. Good lunch in the back area with an assortment of sandwiches, both hot or cold, and soups. Baked goods and pastries up front.With regards to the baked goods, I have yet to have a cake or pastry that wasn't delicious. Breads are good but a little more airy than I like, especially in a baguette. Still great flavor though.
1	Ughhhhhhh, so disappointed. I love these delectables but the staff needs lessons in food service. I walked in today and all three servers at the counter were scratching their heads, LITERALLY! And had the nerve to step up without gloves and ask for my order. No thank you.
5	Hidden behind the bigger restaurants is this little strip mall bakery that is oh so much more.  The pastries draw you in but in the back is a sandwich, quiche, soup and salad area with out of this world sandwiches.  We had ham, brie, butter sandwich. (a little butter heavy but had to try it) and french onion soup.  The prices are reasonable as the sandwiches are quite large. 9.99 for a sandwich and 12.99 total if you want fries and drink.The smell of the bread and pastries alone will make you think you died and went to france.  The shepherd's pie looks delish and the quiches are light and airy although mine was slightly under cooked.
5	Best chocolate covered macaroon EVER. Coconut was heavenly.  My mom liked the caramel walnut pie-flan thing she ordered.  Shop was busy and beautiful treats wherever you looked.
4	I had been here a couple times before but it has been a couple of years or so (closer to time that they opened). At those times, this place was mediocre. I was not impressed. Now, either they have stepped up their game or I may have visited too late in the day for good selections.A few days ago I was in the area around 9 am and remembered that this place was there (it is tucked away behind Flemings). At 9 in the morning, the choices are plentiful and I had a difficult time selecting as there were so many awesome looking items.I decided on the mini almond croissant, a mini cinnamon roll, and a regular size carmel swirl danish topped with mixed nuts. The 3 items totaled $4.85. I ate two that morning-the mini cinnamon roll and the carmel danish (which by the way-resembled a taffy apple (or carmel apple) in taste (not appearance). Both were delish! I just ate the almond croissant-2 days after purchase and, 10 seconds in he microwave did the trick to make it wonderful! Nice to know the pastries are so fresh that two days later, they can still be great.
5	Damn this place is good.  The pastries are amazing and the prices are great.  I think they could make the ambiance more fancy and charge more but I'm glad they haven't.
4	I had the pleasure of tasting a couple of their pastries offered at Leone Cafe in Tivoli Village, so I knew that I had to make my way over to the actual bakery eventually. For my birthday, I wanted something different from my usual trip to Freed's Bakery and realized that instead of being constrained to cake, I could indulge in one of my favorite desserts: Tiramisu! I've had good (and bad) tiramisu at various restaurants, but I had to do a little research for an establishment offering a complete dessert rather than single servings. I discovered that Patisserie Manon offered a tiramisu cake via search, so it was decided!I called to ensure that there were whole cakes available on Tuesday evening. Not only did they have the tiramisu cakes available, there are different sizes! That day, there were three (3) sizes available, noted in terms of how many people it serves: 4, 5, or 6. Prices start at $24 and increase in $6 increments to $36 for the largest. I opted for the "6-person" cake for $36 and requested a 'Happy Birthday' greeting. The individual assisting me via phone was very helpful and assured me about reserving the cake and having a chocolate birthday piece to place on top of the cake. Fabulous!I arrived at the bakery approximately 10 minutes later and they were very busy (it was around 5pm)! We had to wait in line with everyone else for the pick-up, but that gave me a chance to check out all the other delectable pastries, cakes, and cookies. The tiramisu cake is beautiful with large dollops of fresh whipped cream and a pile of broken chocolate pieces in the center. I love the dainty 'Happy Birthday' chocolate piece they included!The "6-person" cake can easily serve 8 big slices and even stretch to 10 smaller ones! I cut the cake to create eight slices and they were still HUGE! I can't imagine anyone eating a slice if it were cut into just six! I still have almost half the cake left. I could have probably gotten away with the "4-person" cake and not have leftovers. Either way, it was very delicious! I'm not a big chocolate fan, but I found myself munching and really enjoying the chocolate pieces (it's a bit excessive; definitely for decoration purposes).P.S. Their Fraisier cake is soo good!
4	So, my friends and I came here because we heard they got macaroons! We strictly came for their pastry/bakery section! They have a wide selection of macaroons which is a total plus. AND they were $1.10 each! Possibly the cheapest I've seen for a macaroon yet .. But, I'm not really a macaroon person. I've tried a good amount prior and they're all pretty sugared. And the ones here weren't any better. They didn't really taste like .. anything besides sugar. I had gotten a Rose one and a Raspberry one. Neither of them tasted of anything but sugary goodness. Kinda disappointed .. but their macaroons have interesting colors ..Their mint chocolate macaroon was blue and their blueberry macaroons look like coal HAHA! I think the best place was Bouchon in Venetian for macaroons tbh. Their flavors were a bit more prominent in their macaroons.However, I simply LOVE their Fraiser. It was delicious. It was light but dense at the same time -- if that made any sense. The cake wasn't fluffy compared to some of the other ones I've had elsewhere. But their toppings weren't heavy cream or anything like that. They used whip cream and the piece of cake was covered in almonds, which gave it a wonderful flavor. It had a thin chocolate bottom as well. The piece of cake was huge and it was only like $4.50? It was enough for 4 of us. I definitely want to go back and see if I can get a whole Fraiser cake (for birthday/event)!! Overall, no to their macaroons.Yes to their Fraiser.May try other pastry items next time I stop by :)
5	I have been back several times since my original review of two years ago.  I've usually been here for macarons, but I've been here twice for a late lunch/early dinner of soup and sandwich.The sandwiches are always very good and the staff is so nice.  Now, just one more thing to try--a quiche.  Today I stopped because I finished the last macarons I brought back from Los Angeles Memorial Day weekend and I was missing those gems of pastry.  Manon has added some different flavors and I was pleased to get some of the new ones.  The price of macarons is now $1.10 each, a small increase from when I was there last.I also couldn't resist getting a slice of their chocolate truffle cake that my wife and I will be sharing for the a couple of nights.  It is so good.Patisserie Manon, you are addictive but that's OK.
5	I love this place for breakfast. Their croissants are my favorite in town. They have these little quiches that I love and there is an assortment you can pick from. Even though it is a French bakery there is plenty of seating. I highly recommend it.
5	I wish this place was closer!  Then again, would my waistline want that?This place is open Tuesdays-Sundays (which I feel most restos should do!) from 7am til dinnertime, how many bakeries do that?  It greets you with a long display of colorful pastries and savory goodies you can't help but feel all fuzzy inside.  It's the first time we went on a weekend, post lunch-rush (1pm) and still the place was PACKED.  As I was placing my order a lady was complaining about her quiche taking 20mins long, so in anticipation of the wait, we decided to start off with dessert :).  Unfortunately, they had just run out of Chocolate Truffle and Frazier Cake, so hubby decides to go for Black Forrest (Forest Noir) (he likey, I never cared for it) and I, the Opera Cake... coffee-liquor-soaked cake layers in between ganache and pastry cream.  YUMMO!  Every time I go here I want to order everything. Our lunch arrives. Service is awesome. The lasagna looks fabulous, but somehow misses the mark.  To me, it lacks meat, meaty flavor and seasoning.  There were also noodles that were hard or crunchy either from lack of cooking or too much broiling. (I wonder if the bowl vessel affected its cooking evenly).  But the PORK CASSOULET oh my lordy!!!  It was love at first bite.  Pork a-whut-ah?  That's just fancy for casserole or stew, and this had pork shoulder, sausage and beans.  It was hankering on the salty side, but eaten with the bread and beans it was divine.  The sauce was rich but not heavy and the pork was so tender and comforting.  I could not stop eating it!  Curse you Cassoulet!  (not really)
5	This place is amazing! The best cakes and macaroons I've had in the world, and I've eaten my fair share of pastries. The Frazier cake combines the best of both worlds.
5	I've tried other French bakeries and I compare them to this one. I love coming here and I find excuses to stop in for dessert or breakfast....or both (save the croissants for the next morning). And I bought my husband's bday cake here..fresh berry mousse filling cake with macaroons all over it...I froze the leftover because I didn't want it to go to waste and the cake was still delicious after I defrosted it. I wouldn't go anywhere else.
5	Tried for first time, basically everything was homemade. they had wide selection of macaroons in the show case, daily made cakes and desserts, friendly staffs, on the other side they had deli, sandwiches made per order and i think you can customize your order if you want. They had chocolate and candy machine on the wall, and a few tables you can seat and enjoy your meal/snacks. Love it
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE! Amazing pastries, deserts, great staff, friendly owner, this place is just awesome! Oh and did I mention they serve amazing food there too? The quiche is TO DIE FOR! And I highly recommend this place if your looking for unpretentious French cuisine that makes you feel like your visiting long lost Parisian relative :)
5	Holy Moly, this place is overwhelming! And delicious!  They have some ridiculous bakery offerings, and considering the quality and size, they are worth the price (most of the "slices" are easily the size of 3-4 regular cake slices and average about $4.50) .  I love dessert, and when my boss decided to treat our office to an assortment of baked yumminess, I did an internal happy dance!  We had macaroons ($1.25 each), the Fraiser cake, the Mimosa cake, some sort of chocolate cake, a raspberry tart,  and a few other things, and they all were beautiful, fresh, and fantastic. The only thing that made this less than a perfect bakery experience was that while the service was friendly and sweet (haha), it was a little on the slow side.  I appreciated the packaging, but it seemed like our server had a bit of difficulty getting the items out of the display case.  So, if you are in a hurry, it is probably not going to be the speediest, but the quality and taste definitely makes up for it!
5	Dangerously delicious. Their macaroons are so rich, yet light at the same time. The last time I was there, I managed to eat three salted butter and caramel macaroons before I turned on my car... So. Good. And probably going straight to my hips!! Oh well, life is too short not to eat delightful pastries! And the prices are really reasonable! Go try! You won't be sorry! Your big butt might... But whatever. She'll get over it.
5	Wow can't go wrong with any pastry here. Wonderful, fresh and just too good.
3	Quice pretty good, croissanat wold be better if hey were fresh hot out of the oven. French onion soup yummy! Pasteries looked better then they taste. Macaroons delish, but not too impressed with the cakes....VERY HEAVY, but I guess that is the French way.
5	oh my macaroon! I've never been that big of a fan because I've only had the kind that tasted grainy, too sweet and didn't taste the featured  flavor.But here the macaroons are slightly larger, more delicate and airy, and oh so flavorful. I tried a couple... Just to taste, and my favorite one is the rose. It's a seasonal flavor ow but I hope they add to their regular offerings.In addition! There's a new quiche in town. The crust is flaky, the egg filling is soft and creamy. I've had the mushroom goat cheese, vegetables, and mushroom, and onion, all were great. You won't go wrong with any of them.
4	My sister and I tried as much deserts as we could, enjoyed most of them, the peach flan was great. Their macaroons although were not up to par. I had better at cheap buffets.
5	This bakery is tucked away in a non descript shopping center, but don't let that fool you. Manon is the furthest thing from nondesript. Its far and away the finest bakery in Las Vegas. They kick it old school French with modern twists. Sublime, breads, cookies & pastries. Secret weapon is the outrageous and in house made country style pate. Try that with one their bagettes and you'll think your walking the Champs Elysees
4	I came here the other day as they were closing to buy one of their custom made cakes for my boyfriends birthday and I have to say I was impressed. So yummy! Not sure if she was the owner or what but a woman gave be a baguette when I checked out. On the house. I thought that was a very nice touch:)
5	Awesome bakery, best in the westside.
4	Picked up a loaf of bread and a couple yummy macaroons for the family :) The girl was very nice, sliced the loaf and got me taken care of with a quickness.
5	My FAVORITE place in LV to get macarons! They are affordable & delicious. They always have a really big selection of flavors to choose from. I've only tried one other cake item there so I can't really comment on their other items. Service is so great too, they are always so friendly.
5	I LOVE this place, unfortunately my waist line does not. Nonetheless, I keep going back here like some sort of french pastry addict.  The prices are reasonable (approximately $4.50 for a gigantic slice of cake) and the portion size, at least of pastry is huge.  I have been here about three times now, the most recent being yesterday where I finally tried the La Parisian (brie, ham and pickles on a baguette), the lunch special including a small bowl of soup and a small salad and a drink was about $10. The sandwich was what was to be expected although I would have preferred them to have melted the brie. My friend said that they have melted it before when she went there.  We also split a quiche Lorraine. The quiche was phenomenal, a very light and custardy texture, not overcooked or dense with great flavor. The best quiche I have had thus far. As for the pastries, where do I start? My favorite so far has been the coffee eclair, and I am not a big eclair person but it was perfectly baked and the coffee filling was not too sweet. Also had the chocolate cake which was great too. The chocolate croissant (my standard for any bakery) was authentic and reminiscent of the other french bakery I like The Baguette Cafe (although Patisserie Manon is much larger with much more variety, The Baguette Cafe is more of a lunch spot than a bakery). They have a varied selection of macaroon and for a macaroon they are quite good although I will admit I am not a huge macaroon fan. My mom came before and bought the flan, she was quite happy with it, granted she doesn't eat much so wherein I would have inhaled it in a night she took a week to eat it - which I guess goes to show how big their portions are. The cashier recommended a cake, which for some reason I can't remember the name of but it had a toblerone filling (I think it was called the Tobey but I am not sure) - I simply must try that one that next time I can justify going here!
5	The macarons are still worth the drive out here.  They did raise the price a bit, and I mean just a bit.  10 cents in fact, but still well worth the $1.10.  Our most recent trip here, they even had mango macarons, and they were packed with a ton of flavor.  Salted caramel is still my all time favorite.  They also have their version of the cronut.  It was good, but not sure if I would get it again.  Worth a try.
4	Macarons were yummy!  Had to control myself from all the goodies. Very nice cozy atmosphere.  Staff was very friendly.  Salted carmel macarons are my new guilty pleasure.
5	Thid is the best bakery in town!!! Everything here is totally amazing!  The Macorons are just awesome.  The owners are just wonderful people! The soups & salads are yummy The Quiches are the very best! The cakes are the bomb!!!!! Not too sweet..Just right!!!!
5	Yes everyone loves the bakery, is awesome but have you tried the escargot, french onion soup or the quiche. Those are my favorites when I visit.
2	My husband and I went to Patisserie Manon for lunch based on the Yelp reviews. We recently moved to Vegas from Washington, DC and were looking for an authentic French pastry shop/cafe, similar to our favourite one in Georgetown, where we could get a Croque Monsieur/Madame. We placed our order, only to get told 5 minutes later that they were out of bread to make the sandwiches.  Then we got told that they weren't out of bread, but that the bread was frozen, which was even more disturbing. Isn't the bread fresh baked? Why is it frozen?  WTH?  How can a bakery/patisserie be out of bread?!?! My husband ordered a latte, but was told that the machine was broken.  Despite these issues, we ordered quiches - Lorraine and Mushroom & Bacon.  They were brought to our table 10 minutes later with 3 pieces of lettuce each which we think were supposed to be side salads but looked like a weak attempt at a garnish.  When we asked which quiche was which, she couldn't tell us. The quiches were warm at best and the consistency was mushy and the crust was wet, signs of being overly microwaved. The taste of both quiches was bland, no flavor at all. All in all, a disappointing experience. We really wanted to like this place, unfortunately, it was a huge miss.  The search continues .......
3	The macaroons were Okay at best. I ended up throwing them away because I didn't like the texture compared to other macaroons I've had. I must say the tiramisu I had was amazing. It was so soft and moist and I could taste all the flavors of espresso and cream. I don't think I would come back for the macaroons but I would definitely come back for their cakes. FYI my friend and I could not find this place. It's really called the French bakery not patisserie manon and its in the shopping center across the street from all the outlet stores.
5	Amazing!! Great food for an even better deal!!
5	I really don't know where to start on this review,  because I sampled quite a few of the items on the menu and was very pleased!   First the ham and cheese croissant was excellent I was almost full by the time I finished it.   Then I started looking at desert,   this is where it really becomes tough to make a decision, they have so many different items to choose from and the all look tasty. so my first choice was the almond croissant that I had been reading about here on yelp.   Next I went with the peach/pear tart (I took all my desserts home for later)  next was the sausage croissant,  salted caramel, chocolate pistachio,  and cherry macaroons and lastly the citron tart.   I get home and immediately tear into a salted caramel macaroon which was mouth watering! Ok I'm still film from earlier but decide to take a bite of the almond croissant and  must say I agree with everyone that has said try it,  because it was truly amazing.   I'm to full to stuff anything else in my mouth right now but do plan to finish off the rest and maybe go back next week to try some new items!  Hope this review helps :)
4	Macaron review: SO CUTE.The way they make macarons are so unique as they are presented in a cute, chubby, and colorful manner. Each of them are $1.10 a piece which is EXTREMELY rare with macarons! A box of 10 were only about $11.00 for me! The only problem I had with them is how easily they can break. Be very careful with those cute little babies.
4	I missed this little corner spot.  I knew there was a French Bakery somewhere in the area but only because the parking lot for my hair salon was full and I had to park on the other side of the large building did I accidentally walk by.... and as I peeked in the door I found my feet changing directions.I love sweets and I lover desserts and I love pastries.  I never made it back to the cafe to eat but bought several of the beautiful desserts behind the glass.  I had to cut each in thirds because of the size but that was OK with me... dessert to go with breakfast, lunch and dinner for 2 days!Really first rate pastries.  If only they had (or maybe I missed it)   If they added illy lattes I would spend every morning there!
4	Really good desserts and pastry, everything is tasty and flavorful! Going there every week.
5	So good! Great breakfast sandwiches and great little menu all around. And the desserts...wow.
4	I must be a snob when it comes to bakeries, because I wasn't as blown away as I thought I would be. They had a beautiful selection of cakes, pastries and macaroons but unfortunately not much caught my eye. I did however love the plain and chocolate croissants and my boyfriend loved the two pieces of chocolate cake. I would have loved a bigger selection though. There was almost an entire cold case filled with macaroons, and for someone who doesn't much like them, I wish there had been more pastries and cookies.
5	Amazing! This place is so delicious. Everything I have ever ordered is so great. The customer service is awesome too. I can even practice my French when I go. The baked goods are heavenly and the sandwiches are delicious. It makes me feel like I am in Paris again!
1	I am dropping this from four stars to one because no matter how great the food, an incredibly RUDE (owner?) will make me walk  right on by next time.Let me elaborate...  I get my hair done 2 doors down and had been running non stop all day until about 3pn right before my appointment .   Blood sugar was getting low and I had to go for groceries after hair and had 5 minutes.   The food in back was sll to much to eat and too slow    I opted for bakery and selected a lemon tart which was also too much.   I only needed a couple bites of something to hold me over do I asked the blonde woman with shortish hide is she could cut it in quarters   '"NO".  No explanation just no.   When I explained I was going to be sitting in a salon chair for a couple hours and only and cracked a joke about temptation of editing the whole thing if I could just take one piece and put the red away I was faced with a condescending "maybe you should try some self control"Let's forget for a minute this person sells Food and self control is the enemy of her business ...   She just insulted me because I like to eat and it shows.    Of course she had no way of knowing I've lost well over 100lbs Nd work like a dog to lose weight and have a very little treat now and then....   But really?  It was one if those situations where the best response popped into my head after I left.If I had it to do again I will say " you know, you are right".  And hit the doorIn recounting this story to several other people who have visited this business the first question was "what did she look like?"   Follow by  "oh that's the owner.   She!'s awful.    I don't go there any more" I definitely recommend practicing your own version of self control by going elsewhere Rudeness should never be rewarded.   Let  this be the restaurant version of Darwin at work.Give me a shout out if you were treated like Maird too!
5	Great place. Love the breakfast, the pastries and the great aroma. The staff is very friendly.
5	I walked into Manon and a young woman with a french accent immediately asked if she could help.  You mean this place has french pastries made by... The French?  I knew i was in the right place.  Get the Almond Croissant! It might be better than Payard's.  Also, order a quiche, preferably the Lorraine.  Both are highly recommended!  The French Onion Soup is excellent, but if you have limited room, stick with the pastries.  Too many to try in one visit, and they all look amazing.  I will be back again and again...
4	Love their macaroons! Their other pastries are excellent too, their soups are great, just super rich.
5	Cronut was amazing. Actually everything we had was excellent. The place is set up in an odd fashion
4	The only reason I'm not giving five stars is because I've only been there once so far and only had their pastries. Based just on their pastries, it's quite wonderful. Delicious almond croissant (a must try), good flaky but not too buttery regular croissant and a baked just right baguette-- the crunchy crust plus soft, fresh inside reminded me of my visit to Paris two years ago. My wife and I had these items for breakfast at home. We can't wait to try them for lunch!
3	Well this was the first time I went to Manon. Definitely not the fanciest atmosphere compared to other bakery/coffee houses but when you walk in the door your overwhelmed with an assortment of pastries and desserts. We ended up trying the ham & cheese quiche and some coffee. The quiche was good but nothing over the top. The crust was a little too soft for my liking. The coffee was illy coffee which I always enjoy over regular Starbucks or Coffee Bean. I can't say much about their dessert pastries yet but I'll be sure to come back to try this because they definitely looked pretty appetizing. I give this place a 3/5 as of right now but don't let me review stop you from trying this place at least once. I'm hard to please when it comes to food. It may get better when we return for dessert.
5	First, let me start with a confession. I ordered my items, paid for them, then accidentally took/was handed someone else's order as well as mine. I was so focused on my sweets that I didn't even realize it until I got home and noticed I had an unexplained extra box. So, to the couple before me, I am so sorry!! I didn't return them because I figured you'd be gone and wouldn't want food from my trunk anyway. As for the pastries... mostly very yummy. I ordered the rose, salted caramel, and pistachio macaroons. They were okay. I've had better. I've had worse. The rose was my favorite, but then again, it always is.     The slice of strawberry cream cake was huge! Super sweet and a ton of almonds on it. I'm a person who can pretty much eat sugar by the spoon and this cake was a bit much. I recommend it, but make sure you either split it with someone or cut it up to have over a few days.      As for my unintentionally ill gotten goods. Yeah, this thing is awesome! I don't know what it's called but it's chocolate cream between kind of a blonde brownie/streusel. Yes! Yes! A thousand times yes! Maybe next time I'm there, or their newly opening location on Rainbow, I'll pay it forward and buy something for someone.     Which brings me to price. The macaroons are a dollar something. That's about average, though they are a bit smaller than one usually finds. The pastries are generally $4-5, which, in a time of $6 lattes is actually not bad.      So go there. Have fun. Get fat like me! But if you don't want to stay fat, there is a lipo place conveniently located next door to Patisserie Manon. ;-)
4	Love this place for dessert.  The macarons are so good, especially the salted caramel one!  I recommend ordering a cake from here, check out their large cakes with macarons on it.  So many desserts options to choose from.  I just noticed they also have candy available.  Stopped in for a croque monsieur this go around.  Simple sandwich, nice cheeses.  Heads up they are closed on Mondays.
4	It was a few days before Valentine's day and my boyfriend said he found a French bakery for us to check out, so we did.  We arrived around 8:30pm and they closed at 9pm.The lady working behind the counter was friendly and greeted us right away.  We started to take a look at all the baked goods, there were all kinds of cakes, croissants and macarons in a rainbow of colors and flavors.  We decided to get one of each of the macarons, a coffee flavored eclair and a very rich and decadent chocolate cake (I forget the name of it) and two croissants, one regular and one with sausage (my boyfriend was disappointed it was a hot dog wiener not sausage) in the croissant.We took our goods to go and when we got home dug into the cookies and cake.  The croissant was huge though, probably the largest I've ever seen or eaten!  And I would say the ginger macaron was not to my liking at all.Since it's on the other side of town from where we live, it may be a while before I go back but I do recommend this place!
4	A nice french bakery, pastry, and bistro on the West side of Las Vegas. This location in "across" from Boca Park, behind the Flemings Steakhouse, in the corner, under the huge "Partell Pharmacy" sign. They make everything in-house, providing various items ranging from a WIDE variety of macaroons, HUGE slices of cake, full cakes, tarts, quiches, and sandwiches. Came here the first time because I had a friend that was in town from Nor. Cal. and she likes macaroons. They have a wide range of flavors from vanilla to mango, etc. The one thing that attracted my eyes, as well as my friend, Doriee D's was their cakes, specifically the Frasier. Just as a reference to how big these slices are, imagine a large styrofoam take out box... IT FILLS THE BOX X_x and prices are great ! The Frasier - a white cake base with strawberries and cream. toasted sliced almonds on the side....almonds add a nice crunch. simple, not overly sweet. Delicious.Random end note - they give out their bread for the day near close (good sign ! they dont use leftover stuff ) X_x
5	Coming to Patisserie Manon has now become a tradition. My husband and I come here and order a baguette sandwich with turkey, ham, butter and cheese, a small side of the split pea soup, and a drink and it comes out to around $9! Did I mention the sandwich is huge? We usually split half and save half for later. The split pea soup is really great, has a nice smokey flavor. The desserts are absolutely phenomenal. We have tried the eclairs, the macarons, the cronut, and a variety of other things. We have not been disappointed once. The atmosphere is very nice and relaxing. The store and tables are always clean. The service is great. And all of the workers wear little red hats, super cute.This place is just great! We can always count on this place to deliver great food and service 100% of the time.
4	Came here to get my birthday cake and the talked about macarons! I was not disappointed! Had to drive like 25mins but it was worth it. The macarons are every bit delicious, not too sweet and generous size for $1.10. I ordered the small $24 Black Forest cake and it's HUGE!!! Jeez! They say it feeds 4 but actually 8-10ppl! I'll be back next time we're in Vegas!
4	Far off the strip, lies a little french patisserie in a strip mall, baking up a huge array of macarons, tarts, cakes, tortes, napoleons, and everything else. I only got macarons, but the pear tart was looking mighty fine.About their macarons - they were just a DOLLAR each when I went last year - looks like the price has gone up a bit. They are NOT the best macarons ever, far from it actually - but they are just a dollar, so what can I say? Rose - Weird tasting. Avoid.Lavender - Better than Rose, slightly fruity.Raspberry - Overly sugary. Weak flavor.Salted Caramel - Easily the best of their macarons. I'd definitely get this again.Pistachio - Overly sugary again. Flavor was ok.And there were probably more, but only the salted caramel was memorable at all in my opinion. Just a note, but don't go here on rainy days. I went on a rainy day, and unfortunately, humidity matters a lot when making macarons, so almost all of mine were lacking the crisp texture and slightly crunch  you expect from a fine mac (I don't think this bakery has proper conditioning). Normally though, the hot, dry weather of Vegas would be fantastic for baking up these babies.
4	I always get their soup here! For a large bowl its $3.60 and for a smalll its only $1.90. If its ur first time here I wud suggest getting a soup with like a sandwhich or something :)
3	My hubby brought me here for a birthday cake based on high Yelp reviews.  Boy, were we misled.  I don't understand why it has such high reviews except that they give gigantic portions.  The philosophy must be: The food isn't good but you get lots of it so it must be great!  Woohoo!First of all, the place is as French as the France portion of EPCOT center.  I mean look at the red berets the poor wait staff has to wear.  The food has french names but the execution is way too ham fisted.  Everything is American super size.  There is no finesse.  The staff were very nice and attentive though.We ate the savory food first.  The rillette was store bought.  It was all right.  I can buy better at Whole Foods.  The french onion soup was good though and we had to bring some home because guess what?  The portion was gigantic.  The beef bourgouignon was inedible.  It came in a nice pot though and looked promising.  It was sour because they used bad wine.  They didn't cook the beef right and it was stringy and tough.  I did like the quiche.  The quiche was light and fluffy and we got to take some home.   The black forest cake that we got was very pedestrian.  I can make it at home with store bought stuff.  But one slice was bigger than my kid's head.  :)
3	I came to Patisserie Manon for dessert since I am a huge dessert fan. Since this place received some good reviews I wanted to try it out myself and see how good this place is. I ordered every flavor of French Macarons. Their French Macarons looked deformed but they were okay not bad for the price of $1.10. I wasn't a big fan of the ginger and peanut butter. I also ended up ordering the coffee eclair and the mimosa cake. The coffee eclair was really good, never tasted an eclair like that before. The mimosa cake was good, it was moist and not dry like some other cakes.
5	Love the chocolate truffle cake with dark chocolate shavings and caramel flan with walnut topping - delicious!
5	Best croissants ever.  Enough said.
5	Great Almond croissants and beautiful cakes you can get by the slice. Plenty of room to dine in and the atmosphere is very friendly and relaxed. You won't see it from the street, it is on W Charleston Blvd across from Boca Park shopping center.
5	I love Lette macarons but after trying Patisserie Manon's I'd have to say this is mynew favorite. I just don't know what I'll do when I need my fix now since Vegas is so far from home.
4	The macaroons are super yummy! All of the other pastries looked delicious as well. Fresh cakes. Very friendly staff!
5	Besides getting a ticket to Paris, this French bakery is as close as you can get to the real thing.  The most amazing things about this place:1) Portions are huge and prices extremely reasonable.  Expect to pay less than $5 for a slice of their various desserts.2) It's baked by actual French chefs and from tasting their desserts, very likely trained in the classic French methods.3) Don't mean to stereotype, but are very friendly and patient, NOT expecting this at all, they are probably not from Paris.'Their best desserts are the macaroons, my favorite being the blueberry flavor.  Their lemon tart is to die for.Highly recommended.
5	Everything here is top-notch. This is a place where customers actually get giddy and giggle at the impressive pastries in the cases. I had never had a macaron before, but I am pretty certain that the caramel macaron was quite possibly the best thing I have ever put in my mouth.The strudel and cakes are awesome. Even the crust on the fruit tarts is noteworthy, shoot, even the plain croissants are delectable, crisp outer and soft center! French onion soup and Croque Monsieur are my favorites for lunch.This is a really fun place to go see all the wonderful treats available. It's hard to choose, that's the biggest dilemma.
5	We purchase our croissants here, our macarons, our cakes, etc, - not to mention staying here to partake in the French Onion Soup, Salads and Quiche.By far and easily the best French Bakery in the area if not Vegas. We recently had one of their cakes at a restaurant for a celebration, when the staff brought it out the entire restaurant quieted and watched this fabulous creation brought to the table.Definite stop - no matter where you live in the valley, make it here!
3	Where else can you get escargot crosti at 9PM? Nowhere, probably. The interior here is definitely not going to win any awards, but the food is reliably tasty, for the most part. Also want to say that the service here is somewhat better than the Rainbow Rd. drive-thru location- loved how the front cashier called me "dahlink."Planned to come in just for some late-night macarons, but snagged a single peanut butter and then opted for the aforementioned snail-toast. The portion is quite large- pictured a halved garlic bread loaf, topped with about seven or eight escargot and a liberal blanket of cheese, broiled to order. Overall taste could use a smidge more seasoning- salt or pepper, maybe, would perk it up a tiny bit more. Taste was just a tiny bit unbalanced, but quite tasty.I was again a bit put off by a male employee- this one was in the rear of the store, and I ordered my escargot from him. It was in the case next to him, and I read the order title off of the signage in the window. In front of him.His first reaction was a grimace, and then, "Let me check and see if we have that." Then he crouched down and pulled out the tray, eyeing them apprehensively.Had my craving for escargot not been overwhelming, I likely would have cancelled my order and left. As it is, the order was tasty and I feel just fine. And I'll probably eat it again. But someone needs to have a chat with male staff for this company... see my review for other location for more info.
4	If you happen to stop by Vegas or you're just in the mood for a little pastry to...THIS IS THE PLACE. It's originality and taste will definitely keep you coming back for more. The best thing I like about this place is that it's simple. All the pastries are made and you are able to see how they make them too! That's my favorite part. Anyways, if you haven't gone yet, GO. You won't regret it.
4	Went there on Tuesday to get something for breakfast and seen the macaroons, got two of each and they where all good but the caramel and sea salt are so good. Seen the chocolate truffle cake and had to get the huge slice that me and my daughter could barely finish.
5	The macaroons are the French style not American style. Yes, that's a good thing.   The coffees are excellent as well.
5	We are addicted to the French baguette sandwiches -- the Parisian is so good!  They also have a location on Rainbow just north of Sahara, east side of the street called Camille.  If you love Manon, go to the Rainbow location if you're coming from Henderson and save some drive time.  The same great food!
5	Being all the way from the eastside, I would consider this spot worth the drive for a sweet tooth foodie adventure. I ordered 8 raspberry donut holes which were h e a v en ly. I also ordered 8 macarons: strawberry, blueberry(yum), chocolate mint (yum), ginger (interestingly yum), vanilla, peanut butter, coffee, & rose. Vegas doesn't have many renowned bakery options, and I wanted to get unique birthday sweets for my sweetheart & I think I made the perfect choice! However, I would have loved to got him a macaron cake, but maybe next time. It also would have been great to dine in because the atmosphere just feels unlike anything in Las Vegas. The art installations and other food display added a very surreal touch. The lady who helped me was very nice, extremely helpful, and patient, especially through my indecision. She also had a cool accent which somehow added to the whole surreal and awesome experience and I highly recommend this for quality treats.
5	we just went today and oh my it was good seriously!!!! i got  salade de chevre chaud and lasagne   my kids had the croissant   and huby had a quiche !  the salade was young and excellent dressing :)   will definitely come back for more i in fact on my way out ordered un fraisier for my son 5th birthday and few sweet  !!!!!! the portion are sooo american :)   i guess you got to go with the country you at too :)   it just gave me a taste of home for a nice lunch time with my family  prices were  very reasonable too .
5	The best bakery in vegas hands down. I introduce everyone I know to this place. I have to send macaroons to family members because they love this place. Especially my friend from France says this is just like home so that speaks volumes!
5	Had a madame croquet with French onion soup and tea here for brunch. Loved it, one of my best meals...better than the ones on the strip. They also had delicious looking quiches, which is what I'll try next time.I ordered to-go several macaroons & a couple slices of cake. Couldn't resist. Happily got sick (sugar overload) eating them that night. :)The attendants were very friendly and helpful also. Will return each time I'm in Vegas. :)
4	Probably the best croissant I've had so far. The croquet Monsieur was delicious. The quiche Lorraine was also very good. The cakes they had on display were very beautiful priced between $35-60, but they looked worth the money. The ambiance is that of a quaint French bistro. Service was a bit slow but I guess in a place like this, why rush it?
2	Bonjour!  Having left Paris only 4 days ago, I was on a hunt for a lovely, delicate macaron.  Didn't find any here.  Their macarons are mishmashed together and piled high (which should have been the first clue), but I optimistically anticipated that what was lacking in beauty would be made up for in flavor.  Didn't happen.  *Sigh*  These were heavy, doughy cookie sandwiches with creme middles that were too sugary and very sadly flavored.  A chewy disappointing lesson learned at $1.10 each.  Even if I had no knowledge of what a true macaron should look and taste like, their version would still not pass for a Parisien delicacy.  Fortunately, service was pleasant, the decor a bit eclectic (which I like), and the bistro had some nice lunch offerings.  The French onion soup was okay--served steaming hot, with a stringy gruyere cheese topping, sweet caramelized onions and came with generous slices of baguette.  Take note, this location will be closed for summer vacation June 30 to July 15.
4	When you walk in, you pass cases with gorgeous European pastries and cases with unbelievably beautiful and elaborate looking cakes. Those are probably delicious, but I didn't try them, so I can't say. This review is about breakfast. Specifically the Croque Monsieur. Do it! Where else are you going to get this? The service was very friendly and efficient. Friendlier than say, Sambalatte. Prices were reasonable and the coffee (I just had plain drip coffee) was good too.  Definitely a place to visit again.
4	I love their macaroons but find them to be over-priced, at least to me. I started coming here years ago before they become so popular and the macroons were only 75 cents (possibly less) and everything else was cheaper than what they have risen to after becoming popular. I've had just about everything and love their tarts, croissants, and deli items in the back. But I am sad to report that their cakes, while very pretty, are kind of bland and they use that whip cream frosting that I can't stand.Think grocery store cakes.... Why can't bakeries use real frosting anymore?? We've purchased several of their expensive cakes for birthday and celebrations and none of them actually tasted good and were wasted because nobody wanted to eat the cake after having a first bite. But that is just my preference on cakes and perhaps I am the odd ball.
3	We stopped by after lunch and picked up four macaroons. We got the pistachio, rose, salted caramel, and vanilla. The texture was chewy but the only flavor that stood out was the rose. The other flavors did not stand out and tasted very generic.I would rather go to the Venetian.
5	Best macaron place in Vegas and really good price for it too. Even tho the looks isn't that great, the taste is amazing
5	I love this place, feels like stepping in to old-world Europe. Shops like this are disappearing everyday, enjoy it while you can! Incredible bargain for lunch!Some of the most beautiful pastries I've seen in my life. Must go!
5	Love all of the macaroon flavors! My friend also ordered a cake from the bakery and it was incredible! They sell the macaroons at Sambalatte, but are cheaper if you make the short trip to the bakery itself.
4	I took my family here a few months ago for brunch, and had a great experience.  Options for brunch and bakery items looked very good (although when I return I will get there earlier, as some very good sounding items were sold out) and the quality of what we ordered was excellent (Savory crepes, fresh mozzarella, basil and tomato on baguette, almond tart, tiramisu) and was great to share.  Service was very friendly as well, and some nice outdoor seating with umbrellas.
5	Such a cute shop. We drove all the way from the Las Vegas strip just to get some macrons. They are so many flavors to choose from and for $1.20 per piece, I would consider it's pretty cheap compare to other pastry shops. And I must mention that the almond croissants are the best!
5	Wow! This is on my list of top food spots in Vegas. Came here on a Sunday night with my BF for dinner. Everything we ordered was excellent!  Not too many sit down customers at that time. A lot of walk ins getting pastries to go. Pastries are in the front,  cafe is in the back.We ordered beef bourguigon, which came in a small pot and 3 mini bread slices. I ordered the French onion soup and quiche dinner combo. The quiche was ham and cheese,  but there are many to choose from.  Veggie and meat! It was the best quiche I've ever had!  Creamy, cheesy,  savory goodness. We couldn't leave without visiting the pastry counter. Their macaroons are a bargain at $1.10 each. Salted carmel was to die for! We also got a slice of truffle chocolate cake - also a steal at $4.50 a slice, wait till you see the size of it! Crazy good! Moist and chocolatey!This is an amazing French bakery!  Must try it!
5	Talk about a DE-LIC-IOUS French bakery with friendly staff and a huge variety of deserts to choose from. I noticed there was a lot of hype coming from friends saying it's the best French bakery and on 7/26/14, I finally got to see what the hype was all about. Needless to say, they lived up to my expectations for THE best French bakery ... ever? Maybe!?I went to the bakery with my sister, her boyfriend and my girlfriend. There was so much to choose from we all decided to get a few items and share them. My girlfriend and I got a chocolate eclair - 9/10My sister got flan - 9.5/10My sisters boyfriend got macaroons (too many to remember) - 10/10If you're coming here expecting to be frugal, this bakery is probably not the best choice. Quality comes at at a price but trust me, the price is well worth it. I'll be coming back again soon!
3	I tried this bakery for the first time today.  I had the chocolate eclair (vanilla custard inside) and the tiramisu.  The eclair ($4) was good, although I have had better and for less $, so I'm not sure it's worth the $4 price.  Yes, it's certainly better than a grocery store eclair or fakey tasting eclair from a lesser bakery,  so it's up to you if you want to get one.  The tiramisu was a dissapointment.  It didn't have much of a flavor at all.  It was certainly pretty and had that high-end bakery look, but for me, it failed the taste test.  It was also $4.  So, be prepared for a bit of a pricey experience, but probably not out of line for the type of place this is. .All the baked goods, breads, cakes  and other edibles looked heavenly, but it remains to be seen if I will go back and try other items since it's not super close to me.  However, I've been known to drive a distance for a place that makes me smile, foodwise.  So, I will say this:  I PROBABLY will go back and try other things.  If it doesn't rock my world the next time, I'm not sure there will be a third trip.  I didn't try the seated area for eating, but it looks cozy and inviting.  I always check out places to take out of town relatives for an extra special treat, places that aren't on the Strip.  So, hopefully this bakery will bring me back again.  I wish I could be more enthused, but am reserving  further judgment until a few more tries....
4	The food is absolutely so of the best I have ever had.  I built my own sandwich, which included ham, turkey, lettuce, tomato, pickles, onion, olives on a Croissant and bowl of the tomato soup.   I really enjoyed the soup and sandwich and would recommend it to everyone to try.  Some of the downers were the ice tea was horrible, the service was marginal at best and there was a family eating next to us the parents did nothing to control their children from running around and disturbing the tables around them.   The kids climbed on chairs and went through the candy racks with the little tongs with their hands, it was disgusting to watch them touch all the candy.Staff ignored all this and it was very very unpleasant for the people sitting around them.I gave them four stars just on the food a lone!
3	This bakery has the cutest looking desserts and the staff were very friendly, but I just didn't love my dessert...it was much more pleasing to the eye than the tummy. My hubby felt the same way. The good news is you get a lot of dessert for a little price if that's your thing!
5	Have a sweet tooth? No better place to grab a quick treat. They have yet to disappoint me.
5	Love this place! They have yummy desserts and also an area to order hot foods. I thought this place was going to be small like other bakeries, but it was actually pretty spacious.What I REALLY loved was the price of their macarons, $1.10 each! When I was still staying in Cali, macarons were like $2+ and sometimes tasted like cardboard. Not this place though. They are cheap and delicious. The texture was perfect - slightly crunchy on the outside and soft and moist when you bite into it. Delicious. My friend also ordered a croissant and I have never any croissant prepared like how they do. It reminded me of a savory crepe. That too, was delicious. The only thing I wish was that there was one by my side of town :( Definitely coming back here.
5	I LOVE this cafe/bakery - every time I walk in I feel like I'm stepping into a cute little shop off the streets of Paris!
1	I have been a loyal customer to this place since I started my job in January 2014...breakfast and lunch every single day! I've had several bad experiences but continued to give them my business because they would always fix the problemI was disturbed by a number of things that I saw with there preparations and storage of food but I would watch carefully when they would fix mine because they don't wear gloves a lot especially in the mornings and it's so gross... Thursday I bought spinach and goat cheese keish  when I started to eat it the spinach was bad so I called and the lady told me to bring it back down and gave me another one and said he would let owner know... I started to eat the second one and it was bad also so I called and told the lady... The next day I called and asked about a refund or credit and was told that the owner said that there was nothing wrong with the food because no one else had complained... So I called and asked for Becky who is usually very nice to me but she got on the phone and was rude as ever to me... She said that the owner had spoken to her about it and that I was lying about the food and that she can't go against what he saysShe stated to me why do you keep coming ording the same thing and you've had so many problems in the past... I told her I would never eat there again and she said to me who cares and hung up the phone in my faceI couldn't believe it and was bothered by this... It's a shame when the popular business doesn't care about losing loyal customers but it okay but I did report them to the health department regarding all my experiences that I've had with them and I just say to anyone else if you are new watch them make your food closely
3	Cute bakery with really nice people working here. Came around 5PM and it wasn't very busy. FOOD:Mushroom Goat Cheese Quiche (3.5 stars): Pretty good, nothing near a quiche you get at Bouchon at the Venetian. The outside was too soft for me, but the inside was soft. Chocolate Almond Croissant (3.5 stars): By the time I got home it was soft, so maybe it tastes better when you eat it right away. Needed more chocolate. Spinach Goat Cheese Quiche (3 stars): I liked the mushroom one better. Soft on the inside.Ham and Cheese Croissant Sandwich (4 stars): This was the best thing I had here, I'd definitely recommend this. Macaroons Tried salted caramel and others, they were good. I'm not a big macaroon girl but these did have a lot of flavor. Not as pretty as they are normally but still good, and cheaper.SERVICE (5 stars):Everyone was really nice here.ATMOSPHERE (4 stars):It's really cute inside. There is an area for the macaroons and pastries and another area for sandwiches and quiches. Clean.
5	I read about Patisserie Manon within a Yelp review. The first time I went there, I went for the macarons which were so amazing, flavorful, delicate and reasonably priced ($1.10 a piece) that I squealed like a four-year-old and had to order almost one of each flavor.  All were chewy on the outside, creamy on the inside and bursting with intense, fresh flavors. Although I love them all, try the salted caramel macarons, they are magical. Until Manon, I always went all the way from my home in North Las Vegas, to Bouchon in the Venetian for my pastries.One day for lunch, I had Manon's special, which for me was the French onion soup and the goat cheese quiche. The soup was delicious and the quiche was delicate and tender. I bought an almond croissant to take home. It was one of the best I'd ever tasted. I've been to Paris and I must say that these flavors took me there again.Most of staff was friendly and knowledgeable. I very highly recommend them. I will return again and again, hungry for more!
5	I love this place!My brother, Scott and I like to go early and split a Croque Monsieur...after breakfast. Terrible, I know but rarely does a place come along that brings magic! Patisserie Manon brings magic!!! Just go in for coffee and see.It is unassuming and quietly quaint. I hate that word, quaint. Point being, when you're there, you know you're there!If you aren't afraid of classical, french pastry and things like "throw down" beef cooked in red wine and herbs, do stop in and support a real patisserie with a friendly chef/host from France. Support local businesses!!! Bon appetit.
4	I love cute little authentic bakeries & bistros. I also love all things French & it takes me back to when I lived in Paris as an exchange student in high school.I find myself here for any occasion & the French onion soup is always perfect & perfectly crispy & buttery croissants with butter & jelly or sometimes ham & cheese. Writing this makes me want some! The sweets always hit the spot & the only reason I didn't give them a 5 star is because I've had a few sweets that weren't fresh. This has only happened twice & 95% of the time everything is perfect. I appreciate the atmosphere which is very cozy & Parisian & the selection of macarons is phenomenal, last week they had rose & I fell in love!
4	Large cake portions. Good selection of macaroons. But I thought the almond croissant was way too sweet. I love my sweets but that was just unbearably sweet and I couldn't even finish the small portion. The almond croissant from La Belle Terre was much much better.
5	If I could give this place 5 out of 5 more stars I would! It's too good for words -Try the zucchini cream soup with a quiche & save room for ANY of their amazing desserts - if you have ever tried macaroons get ready for a whole new experience! & I mean good!THIS IS FRENCH AT ITS BEST!
4	Pastries and cakes are delicious. Coffee is superb. Breakfasts are ok and service, while friendly, is super slow. Only table here and already over 30 minutes for eggs and bacon?
5	Never disappoints - best place I've been in a looooooong time - brought moms today & she loves it now too! I have to contain myself with this place cuz I could really go overboard here! SPOKEN LIKE A TRUE FAT*SS!
5	Went to downtown summerlin and we figured we'd go to patisserie since it was near. First impression, the display case full of macarons were so vibrant and looked oh so appetizing. I've been meaning to try this place for awhile, so I was ecstatic because it looked just as good as it did on yelp. I ordered 6 macarons for $6.60 for my sister and I. The flavors we got were coffee, blueberry, caramel (salt + butter), pistachio, and chocolate pistachio. Of the 3, I got coffee, blueberry and pistachio.... Let me tell you, they were much better than the ones I get back home in Hawaii despite its smaller size (it's about 2 dollars in Hawaii and $1.10 at patisserie). They are smaller than most macarons but I can tell they are higher quality as the outside was the perfect raised crisp and the inside was so airy. The coffee macaron was a strong coffee flavor, blueberry was perfect and not too sweet like most artificial blueberry fillings, and lastly, the pistachio was my favorite. The flavor of the pistachio macaron kind of reminded me of almond extract... Nutty, but smooth filling! Yum. I will definitely come back here when we are around the area again. Not to mention, the tiramisu there was calling my name but I noticed it in the display later.. I'll catch it next time ;) haha
5	This place is great. I like to come here for lunch. The food is fresh and I'm obsessed with the French onion soup and the croissant sandwiches. I've tried a few pastries and they have always been great too!
5	If you're indecisive, don't go here unless you've got a huge chunk of change and can afford to buy one of each item... This place rocks!So far, I've had macaroons  (orange, rose, pistachio, vanilla) and a chocolate eclair.  Their macaroons are perfect- the cookie is perfectly chewy and flavorful with creamy, delicious filling. MMM! I thought there would be vanilla custard inside of the chocolate eclair, but it was chocolate custard! Game changer! The pastry was fluffy and had the right amount of icing on top and the custard.... well I haven't ever met a custard that I didn't like, but this custard was the bomb.com! So creamy and chocolaty! I can't wait to go back and try more of their pastries; I think I'll be back today!
5	I can't believe I have lived here this long and so close to Patisserie Manon and not been in yet. I stopped by to pick up an assortment of goodies for a friend who just had a baby and the ladies helping me were so awesome. They helped me with a terrific selection of pastries, cookies and cakes. Gave me a few samples and the price was so reasonable. The quality of all the goodies were amazing and my new mom friend was overjoyed to see the pastries. I will be back, often!
5	I melted when this gorgeous cake topped with macarons was unvailed.  My "surprise" bridal shower cake was airy, fluffy, moist, and lightly sweetened. Every single layer and bite was delightful! The glazed strawberries on top and the slices layered within were plump, juicy and crisp. Folks... This is a fresh as it gets. Period. Since it was a "surprise" shower- I had to ask the host where she purchased this masterpiece-- Patisserie Manon. A quick review of YELP! solidified that I wasn't the only one who loves this spot. In fact, all the girls who attended the shower couldn't stop raving about the cake. It was a THAT delectable. It was perfect. Would I order cakes/pastries/ treats from them in the future? Absolutely!! I would highly recommend this adorable little shop to others. Go ahead and get your sugar fix here!
2	I want to start by saying, everyone was polite and in the end, they refunded my money. I'm assuming most of the other reviews are based on baked goods, unfortunately, all I can speak for is two soups and a croissant. Split pea was watery, flavorless, and had bits of bacon fat floating at the top. So I switched to seasonal pumpkin, which tasted like cardboard. Fresh pumpkin is great, but some can be bitter or watery and lack flavor. The chef did nothing to compensate, no salt even. The croissant could have easily been from Costco, which given the vats of pastry filling (long list of ingredients) I saw them use to fill a turnover, I wouldn't be surprised. They might look quaint, but that's not how they cook.
5	Salted Caramel Macaroon!!!!! yummy best i ever hadAlso had a pecan tart which was amazing...next time i will try the creme brulee!!!! Cant wait!
4	I love the sprawling casualness of this place. They have a ton of stuff to offer, both savory and sweet. The quantity to price ratio is also pleasantly high, especially for a French bakery.  On our visit we tried the beef bourguignon stew, the split pea soup, and a mushroom quiche. While the food quality didn't knock my socks off, it was filling and satisfying.  Some of the sweet items, like the croissants, are offered in different sizes, great for me since I like to try a bit of everything.  Heaps of VERY brightly colored macaroons piled up at the case near the entrance. At $1.10 a pop, they are bite-sized, chewy on the inside, and not too bad tasting, probably my second favorite place to get macaroons in town so far. Overall a good place to come for a casual meal.
4	The food is amazing.  We love getting their quiche but be prepared to wait.  Everytime we go there we wait forever to get our order.  How long does it take to warm up a quiche?  Regardless we will still go back all the time for quiche and cake.  BTW they have the best macaroons in the valley by far!
5	We have been here a few times now and it never disappoints. We have had hot sandwiches, macaroons, coffee and more. Everything has been delicious. The layout on the inside is a little weird, but the food is fantastic and the staff are so friendly and helpful that it doesn't matter. I ant recommend this place enough.
4	Awesome Macaroons!!!  This local French bakery is one of my favorites in town.They have a lot of great tasting pastries and baked goods.  The macaroons are the best thing there in my opinion, the pistachio flavored ones are great.  The chocolate pistachio, salted caramel, coffee, and chocolate flavors are good as well.  The strawberry and orange ones are a bit sweet in my opinion.For cakes, they have a good Black Forest cake and Tiramisu that are good.  The chocolate peanut butter cookie is also a pleasant surprise.  They also have a good mini chocolate croissant.Their restaurant section is also pretty good, but I recommend their baked goods.Service here is great, during their busy times extra people from the back usually come out to help so you don't have to wait as long.
5	I love this place!  It's the real deal, so of course everything is delicious.  The quiches are great to take home or give as gifts!  I bought a pumpkin cheesecake for Thanksgiving that seemed ridiculously and uncharacteristically expensive at $36--until we tasted it.  OMG--worth every cent!
4	This place is soooo good. Sometimes I like the bread even better then the pastries.Never had a bad meal here.Fresh croissants every morningOwners are really from France so if you speak French go on in6 great soups and salads every day along with a fabulous onion soupHow to see you there soon to check out the bouch de Noel (Yule log)made especially for Xmas.Located right behind the new Bonefish Grill restaurant
4	A hidden gem in Las Vegas. The food is great and the pastries are unbelievably good. I come here for every birthday or event when I need a cake. It's worth stopping by just for the french bread! It's made fresh daily. The only thing I'm not a fan of is the personnel; almost everyone I have come in contact with is rude and in a rush. Other than that it is an excellent place I visit again and again.
4	If I were to buy a birthday cake in Vegas, this is where it would be. When you enter you see the large assortment of pastries, sweets, and cakes that are gorgeous. I think it is 5 stars in terms of presentation on the cakes. They are something you would want to take a picture of, they are so pretty. Very colorful and great to bring to parties or special occasions. Their macarons taste good but are flaky and large, good price. I have tried their sandwiches and soups and I enjoy them too. I like the brie one with pickles and butter on the bread. Forget your diet here! All of the food is covered in cheese and you can see how fattening it looks. I have never tried their quiches or other cheesy items showcased for display where you order. They look good.
2	This place is far from the strip, at least 35 mins drive each way and with all the reviews I was expecting to be blown away but was disappointed instead.  I tried the regular croissant, almond croissant, the peach strike and some macaroons.  The macaroons were a big disappointment, first they didn't have the crunchy outside and chewy middle that you'd expect.  The rise on the macaroon was too high and you can tell they used more flour than almond flour.  The filling is just your regular filling, the strawberry was just this overly sweet jam, the peanut butter was just peanut butter slathered onto the cookies.  Really nothing to write home about.  The croissants were okay but definitely not worth my drive to and from this place.
4	We came here for breakfast on our way out of vegas. Cute little french bakery in a random strip mall. I had a croissant sandwich and my husband had a mushroom quiche. Sandwich was good, fresh ingredients on a nice buttery croissant. However my fried egg was too cold. Also the quiche was a bit too soft in the middle. Overall I would give the breakfast a 2.5/5.The thing that makes this place a 4-5 star are the delicious macarons! Rose and pistachio were out if this world! And only $1.10 each!
5	The macaroons were a little larger and cheaper then I've had before. I am far from a macaroon expert but these are wonderful.  I drove from northwest of there store but will drive back, that is when I finish the 18 I bought.  Very friendly service. She helped with suggestions for bread too.
5	Fresh, tasty, goodness!! This is a little hidden gem! Huge portions for a little bit of money. Their soups, salads, and sandwiches are all oh so good. I always get my sandwich on a baguette with pesto. I could eat their baguette ALL DAY. The bakery side of the place is phenomenal! From their cakes to their cookies and their macrons. All scrumptious! I don't know why some are saying that the owners are rude. I have only had nothing but great experiences. My dad use to sit and talk to Jean Paul. The owners are a lovely couple.
1	I went in recently for a late lunch and ordered mushroom and goat cheese quiche and a small zucchini and cream cheese soup ($8). I think this place is going a bit downhill, or cleanliness standards or other standard operating procedure is going by the way side. My soup and quiche were warm but not hot when served to me, I should have sent it back but didn't. But this isn't what the real issue was. This is a family run business, and two teenage girls kept going from the real kitchen in back to the sandwich/quiche ordering/prep area. One was redoing her pony tail (while chatting with the gals that work that area) where the food was being prepared. That's unacceptable. I get that this is their family's restaurant but that's totally unsanitary-she did it at least 2 different times when I was eating my food which was literally prepared inches away. I also noticed that they cut food on the prep boards, but placed others commercial items (as they needed to use them) on the same board (box of food wrap, and a salad spinner), these are not sanitary, or considered clean, and raw food like lettuce and tomatoes were being cut there. And the lettuce was put in spinner, but tomatoes just placed on directly on customers plates for serving (surplus placed in bin).Two last things that made me think I can no longer patronize this place. A young girl (customer there with her mom) returned a carry out container and asked for a smaller one (her mom said that's too big, get a smaller one). She was touching the inside of the container (I mean she's a kid). The girls took it back, placed it with the other "clean/unused" ones. Yikes, that's not right, just throw it out, and give her the smaller container.Lastly, there was a young man working for Patisserie Manon. He was on break, just had lunch, finished, and walked to back kitchen (for a min to probably clock back in) and went to front counter to help customers. No hand washing, just ate his sandwich, etc with his hands and starting touching carry out items/helping customers. Another yikes!I am 100% behind supporting small businesses, but did I have a stomach ache all night. Yes, likely because what I ate was ridden with various bacteria. Luckily, did not get full blown food poisoning.
2	I have heard amazing things about Patisserie Manon, which is why I'm completely open to trying it again and updating this review. However, this is just based on the one time I purchased desserts here. I was here to pick up baguettes and dessert for a NYE's party. Here's what I got:- St. Honore cake - the toffee was good, but the chocolate cream in the puffs tasted bland. The puffs were also kinda stale and the whole dessert just looked thrown together. - Opera cake - for some reason it just tasted refrigerated and stale. - Mille feuille - the custard in this dessert was so eggy, it reminded me of an egg tart (where it all starts to gelatinize) rather than be a creamy custard.- Fruit tart - the fruit was good but the custard was also the same weird eggyness as what was in the mille fuille. - Baguettes - THE SAVING GRACE. Delicious, but the size was definitely more American (bigger) rather than the traditionally thinner baguettes with flattened ends. All in all, rather disappointing. However, the baguettes were delicious. The service of the staff was OK.
