3	Southpoint bowling has plenty of lanes which are split on opposite sides of each other.   However, sometimes it seems that there still aren't enough lines because the wait can be killer on some days.  There isn't a real conventional, useful way to put people on a waiting list other than to stand around the cashier and wait for you to be called on instead of a numbered ticket system.  However, the bowling is still nice, and there's also a nice arcade located inside too for the children or adults that are children at heart.
5	$1 well drinks Sun-Thurs!! Woo!The vodka/cranberry juices were weak, but at $1 a pop, the cocktail juice kept flowin'! A good time was had by all until a shot of cheap cognac was added to the mix. Otherwise, how can you not enjoy cheap vodka and cups of Pabst all weeknight long?What, wait... there's bowling here? Maybe next time.
5	This place is great for bowling. We went here a few nights ago around 12. They have lots of bowling lanes. I think they have $1 drinks. We had 4 people and played 2 games. Cost us total $13. The wait was 45 min. We went to eat at Coronado cafe in Southpoint near the bowling place during the wait. The cafe had graveyard specials. I'd ordered a steak and egg with hashbrown and toast for $5.45. Doesn't taste bad for what's it's worth. They also have chinese menu for late nights, but we didn't order any. You can buy ghetto $4 socks from their vending machine if you forget to bring them.
4	Big bowling alley for it being in a casino. The lanes are also really smooth compared to other lanes I've tried. I came here on 1/1 so I paid holiday price. If you're in Vegas on a weeknight and feel like bowling, I would recommend the late night $1 bowling!
5	SouthPoint has the best lanes in Vegas. No question. I was a league bowler here and being that I am an avid bowler I go to a lot of different bowling alleys, This place keeps their lanes in the best condition(that i could notice). My ball has a lot of hook and I put quite a bit of rev on it. So My ball reacts best on a well oiled lane.ie regularly maintained. The majority of the time when I bowl at the southpoint, my ball hits pocket almost everytime. There are days that the lanes seem dry, but compared to other alleys, this doesn't occur as much at the southpoint. Lets put it this way. At the Southpoint with good lane conditions, my average is at least 200. At most other places with the same ball, I go brooklyn alot more and my average drops down to 170 or around there. For this reason I have to say Southponit is the best bolwing alley by far. Good lane conditions are very consistent. And it doesn't hurt that my highest game of 279 occured at southpoint. Darn that 9spare in the 4th frame. lol.
5	I had such a good time here! I think I played 3 games straight because they were getting cheaper by midnight ($1 per game, hell yes!!). Forget going to The Strip and clubbing, gambling, partying, whatever else you might do. Nothing beats a night of classy bowling. Lots of open lanes, plenty of bowling balls to choose from and clean place.There were a lot of people coming in after the midnight deal. Who can blame them? I've never spotted a deal for bowling THIS cheap before. And $3 for rental shoes is a bargain in my book. Win! Win! Win!
4	Very nice bowling alley. Very cheap $1 games after midnight. My friends and I frequent this place after leaving Stoney's late at night when we need to sober up.
5	$1 Graveyard drinks and bowling games make for a great night for you and some buddies.Overall, the bowling center is spacious and all the equipment is new which, minimizes the problems you normally encounter at some of the older bowling centers in town.Great, cheap, fun!
4	I enjoyed my stay here, and will go back its so pretty at night all gold in the dark. It has a lot of space and rooms are wonderful, Sometimes you need a fan in the bathroom. ( oops did that come out-lol). I love the bowling also i had a BLAST. The restaurants are great and dark and you need that after to much dancing and drinking.
5	I have been bowling here since they opened the doors of the place. The staff is great: Front desk is always quick to greet you when walking in the door. Score assists are on their game, always quick to a get to a call on the lane. Pro shop is great. They guys in there know their stuff and do not try to up sale the equipment. Mechanics are great as well. Lane's rarely break down and when they do, they usually have someone there to fix it stat. The snack bar, is a snack bar. Good for a quick snack before heading out of the place. The bar usually is running a $1 bottled beer or drafts every night it seems. If your want to get your bowl on, this IS the place in Vegas to do it.
4	Came here for a moms night out and had a blast!It was 9.25 for shoes and 2 games..after midnight its 1 buck a game.They were doing 2.00 drinks...of everything!So I had many drinks...bowled poorly.Had a hotdog & french fries. They were ok..what do you expect..its a bowling alley.I had to cushion the booze!I will come back when I can for sure!!
4	Bowled league at South Point last summer, it was fun, near work, but far from home so we moved to Red Rock this summer.Pretty good bar, but far from everything, they had a few good specials over the summer, but it was sporadic.  Snack bar is adequate, lanes are good, nice atmosphere.Chances are you can run into Flava Flav bowling here, he lives in the neighborhood.
4	it was a nice way to get away from the strip and do something NORMAL for once. this bowling center is nice but not the nicest one I've seen. we got a couple here in San Jose that are way better looking. they got a snack bar and a bar inside. although the snack bar was closed when we got there and we were hungry. the guards let my friends buy food outside and was able to take them in. the drinks here are a lot cheaper. it's always nice to bowl while drunk anyways. this is a nice place to get away from the strip and have some fun. if you're itching to gamble. the casino is downstairs and is accessible
4	24 hour bowling on 64 lanes with a bar that serves cheap drinks. Awesome.$3.25 for each game, $2.75 for shoe rental. Come before 6pm and its $3.00 a game.Friendly staff.Buy 3 games get 3 free (ask for the coupon).
4	This hotel is not one that you would frequent because it is kind of in a weird place.  We went here when we were in town specifically to take the kids to bowl and I think it is a great kid friendly place in vegas where you can bowl and even stay.  They had an arcade and they have a movie theater.  Not to mention it is super cheap and nice since it is fairly new.  I would love to stay here and try it out, but I def recommend the bowling, it was cheap and fun, good food from the snack bar and the arcade is right by there too.
5	Went here 2 times late night when i was down for a week..Cheap bowling, Clean place, and $1 domestic beer's at bar?! Shiet..i got smashed and bowled a few games all for 20$ Funnest nights of my life all for 20 bucks haha
4	Had a ball when I was able to meet some friends here. It is within the South Point Casino. You dont have to worry about driving afterwards to go to a movie or to get drinks... This place rocks!
5	When I come to Las Vegas I visit friends that actually live there and show me times different from what you might see in The Hangover.  Yes, that includes house parties, eating outside the strip, playing video games and sometimes even bowling!  This is the biggest bowling alley I've ever seen in my whole life.   Imagine your typical Spalding alley and double it.  The best part is their prices!  $2 drinks (any drink), $1 games, $2 shoe rentals... Unbelievable.   The alleys are pretty decent and the touch screen OS is pretty user friendly.  They have a good amount of bowling balls of all weighs and finger sizes.  The shoes also seemed pretty new and with clean laces.  Best bowling experience ever!
4	24 hour bowling at South Point! Man, it was so much fun! Their prices are the best...$1 games, $2 drinks, $2 shoe rentals/specials...they even have coupons in their brochures if you buy 6 games, you have 6 games for free...this rocks especially if you have children with you. I was chillin' with my blue moon...I was good to go!
5	Probably one of the best bowling alleys I've ever been to. It's spacious so even when it's crowded there's still room, dollar games, dollar beers... You can't beat that at all. And open 24 hours, it's a great place to go with friends and have fun
4	So it was that time again. The family bowlers have a tournament. In Las Vegas? What could be better, it's at southpoint casino. Not only is there a bowlng alley, a arcade and a movie theatre all in the same floor? It help makes the time fly as my grandma sand bags the bowling league!! If you need a bite there is a snack shack in the bowling alley. Hit and miss  sometimes you get your exact order other times they forget your fries. You could also cruise downstairs where there is a steakburger and other restuarants to choose from.  We love this place! Thanks for another year at your alley!
5	fun!  southpoint has a lot of lanes and a lot going on all the time.   it's crackin' here daily, but easy to get a lane.  i've been coming here for a couple years now and they keep this place looking tip top and really has no sign of deteriorating at all.  the staff is cool and busy, quick to  get you where you need to be amongst all the people that are just hanging around, people bowling, people in tournaments, eating on one of the tables lining the area above the bowling area,  kickin' it in the bar.... buying snacks at the snack bar, kids in and out of the arcades... arcade btw has a lot of games, both video and ticket redeeming ones.   the arcade is also kept clean, is inviting, large,  and not at all dingy. bathrooms are clean and spacious... this place is well taken care of and a great family spot!!!
5	I've bowled here more than I can count. It has got to be one of the best bowling allies in Las Vegas. It's huge, very updated, & most of all clean! The best thing is dollar bowling Mon-Thurs after 12am. That's what is up, but around 1230-1am the place is filling up & the line gets really long, but it never takes that long to get to the cashier.
4	$1 bowling and $3 shoes after 12 midnight to 8am.
4	Tons of lanes, $1/game on Mon-Thurs from midnight to 8 am, $3 shoe rentals. Great alternative to the typical drinking and gambling activities in Vegas!
4	This is a pretty cool bowling alley. They have 1$ beers, and after midnight, graveyard bowling is only 1$ per person per game! Even during regular hours, it's not too expensive. I think it's only like 3 bucks? Pretty great deal!  One weird thing though is that you have to be over 18 to enter after a certain hour - I guess w/o a chaperone? Bc we got carded going in at 11:30pm but there tons of little kids still running around...
4	Graveyard $1 per game can't be beat!  Wish the snack bar would stay open after midnight, but you can get food from downstairs.  Nicely upgraded equipment, super fast ball returns, spacious and not smoky!  We loved the scoring screen attached to each private table - so convenient!  64 lanes!  Woohoo!  Glad we brought our balls all the way from San Diego "just in case."
4	This is a cool place to bowl they have lanes on both sides and there is also an arcade that kids can hang out at or they can bowl with the family there is plenty of room for everyone to have fun and the price is alright. This week they are having some PBA tour thing there and that was pretty cool to watch so if you are close by this place and like to bowl then stop on by its a fun place.
4	This bowling alley is so big, i would be surprised if there was ever a lane not open. The place over all was very clean included shoes and balls. They have a full bar with pretty cheap drinks that you can take with you out to the lanes.
4	Some times you need to get away from the strip, and this a good place if you've got a group of underage friends.  This is a pretty big venue, 60 lanes, and everything is clean and new. I like the touch screens at your table to help with setting up your game. Overall, a good dealAfter 6 pm, $3 shoe rental and $3 dollar bowling. On  Holidays and weekends it's  $3.25.They have a great late night bowling deal. $1 bowling, Sunday to Thursday  from Midnight to 8 am.Staff is friendly and helpful.
4	Thursday's midnight $1 bowling already has an hour wait by 12:15! I thought that was ridiculous! Apparently people like to bowl more than I thought. My friends and I started bowling every other week and we enjoy this alley a lot more than Orleans, Gold Coast, etc. Those are the ones nearest to us which is why I compare those. The lanes are great, the service is good, and you don't even have to give them one of your shoes when you rent them. I never really have to worry about that since I have my own shoes, but for you non avid bowlers, just giving you a fact. Sometimes its cool to bingo at 11pm and then go bowl, especially if you win! :)
4	Great place to go bowling in Vegas especially during graveyard.  The G-Specials are Sunday through Thursday after midnight until 8:00AM.  Games are $1 and shoes $3.  Their 60 lanes are clean and scoreboard monitors all computerized; simply key in your name and begin bowling.  There is a snack bar, but unfortunately it wasn't open after midnight -- just the bar and vending machines if you want to purchase a drink.  So, if you're ever in Vegas and unlucky in gambling, head out to South Point and hit the lanes.  Never know you might score a perfect 300!!! :)
2	We stopped in here on Wednesday night, May 9th and bowled 3 games.  The place looks nice and it was maybe 1/3 full.  No problem getting a lane, we pre-paid and got our rental shoes and went to bowl.The staff was, at best, pedestrian - efficient enough in getting us set up, but with no personality - I'm talking NONE.We were put on, I believe, lane 3.  There were problems with the for the entire time we were there - balls disappeared (I had to get four balls before finishing 3 games).  The rack was setting up poorly, or setting up and then quickly reversing and coming back down - once this happened after my partner had released the ball - causing it to hit the rail that knocks down the pins . . . and causing an admonition from the young woman behind the counter - who, up until that point, had been busy with conversations - but, she saw the tail end of this.  When I explained that it was not his fault - she shrugged it off and again said, "be careful." - When she came back from retrieving the ball, I told her in no uncertain terms what had happened.  Again, she just shrugged.For our experience - the place was not in good working order, not well run (at least this particular night) and the staff seemed to care less.  They were too busy talking with each other.We had fun, and the folks beside us were hilarious and loads of fun - but, as a business, we were not impressed.  They could try harder - but, that was my impression of South Point as a whole, but especially here.
5	I have nothing but pure and unadulterated LOVE for South Point Bowling.The lanes are super clean and it's a non-smoking area so that saves me from the smokes in the casinos. Shoe rentals are $3 and it's $1 per game. The place is well-kept and stellar clean have I said that already? The shoes are clean, and it's $1 beer too! It's always fun coming out here. I can't wait to go on a Cosmic Bowling night.
4	Bowling here for sweeps was pretty awesome. The lane conditions are a 50/50. In the middle of the day it can be super dry while in the early morning it can be super sloppy and full of oil. Games are pretty cheap when you come for their graveyard special hours. There is often a wait on the weekends. This is a fun spot for the underage minors. When there was a problem with one of our lanes, they just moved us. I don't usually like to be moved a whole bunch. But, I'd rather be moved than have to wait for a long long while to have a CSR try to come and figure out what's going on with the lane, only to move us anyway. The bar is conveniently at the entrance to the bowling center. There are SOOOOOOOOO many lanes here. I love it. I feel like this place has 100 lanes, although it's probably half that. There are lanes against both the Left and Right walls. Awesome. The graveyard rate is something like $1 per game, Sunday through Monday from 12AM to 8AM. Otherwise, I think it is $3 or $3.25 for games and shoes. The staff are friendly and pretty attentive. I would love to do cosmic here one day. I wonder what that looks like. Anyway, for sweeps, this was an awesome lane to do it at. There are so many side bets going on, so many different competitions, and so many different leagues from all over participating. It's awesome. Even if you don't bowl in a league it's just an overall exciting atmosphere. It makes ya kinda feel like you're at one of those bowling tournaments that you see on TV. Every close shot gets an "OOOOOOHHHHHHHHH or an AAAAAAWWWWWW". It's pretty cool.
5	Nothing negative about this joint except that it may get very busy during the graveyard hours from 12:00 AM - 6:00 PM Sun - Thurs. Courteous and funny staff as well. I called the second the clock ticked to July 4th to ask if they will still have their specials. Their answer: "We're in a recession so yes." Nevertheless, clean lanes, copious amount of balls. On top of that, a bar that also serves $1 well drinks and draft beers during graveyard hours. My suggestion is to come early because the wait can get exponentially longer as each minute ticks after midnight. There's also a lot of immature and weird kids that violently throw their balls and do stupid things. I wish these type of kids were booted but they paid their money just like I did so I am just as good and bad as them(not really).
4	South point is a clean and child friendly place to go bowling.  They have sizes that fit my 3 year old and she can get the ball down the lane. It's a bowling alley so not really much to say.  It really is the only place we go when we want to go bowling.
4	I had a bowling tournament here last weekend. This place was huge. Think they have like 80 lanes. Clean, nice ambience. Normally prices are $3.25 per game. They have a snack bar and a lounge/bar inside also.
5	Super cheap drinks. Super cheap graveyard bowling. Super convenient. But why do they card me and let the 8-year old kid run right past?
4	Definitely one of my favorite bowling centers in the valley, tops Boyd by a good amount!Prices are on par with the rest of town, but they have $1 bowling on weekday nights which is popular with my industry friends.  One thing that is normally pricey, concessions; is very reasonable here and they have decent sized drinks.The alley is split into two sides so it's not a long walk from the desk, bathrooms or concession stand.I also seem to bowl pretty well here, so it holds a special place in my heart as my first (and only) 200 game!Only negative is the long haul from self parking, but it's right up-stairs from the Steak-n-Shake ;)
4	At a company outing, a large group of people decided to come out for some bowling.After walking inside the South Point Casino, this bowling alley is located past the 24 hour cafe, and up an escalator. With 63 lanes, it's a large bowling complex that has a laid back comfortable feel. It's actually one of the smaller bowling alleys in Vegas, but I've never seen people wait for a lane at all. They do a pretty good job of maintaining it, it's clean, and the lanes are polished well.This place also has dollar bowling from 12 midnight to 8 am and 2 dollar beers during this time. The beers are available at the bar on the side. And, if you need shoes they are 3 dollars.Great time and the staff here is very courteous. It's 24 hours and it's also very close to my place. Afterwards, you can grab a 4 dollar steak and eggs if you're doing the graveyard bowling, or eat some other specials.
4	Southpoint bowling center is a a fantastic place to go bowling in Las Vegas...It has 64 lanes a bar a a cafe...the bowling center is located on the second floor by the movie theater and is open 24 hours a day and has 1$ bowling from 12 midnight to 8 am
5	We first started bowling here because we joined a league with our friends.  The lanes and surrounding areas are kept very very clean.  The league is run very well and organized.The Pro Shop here is probably why I'm giving it 5 stars.  I knew it was time to get a new one.  They were able to order the one I wanted (NY Giants logo).  It was in within a week.  They also include the drilling fee when you order from them.  That's a nice money saver.  The great thing about the league is you get a discount at the pro shop.  Also a money saver!  They gentlemen working here are so friendly and helpful.  It's always a pleasure to see them on league night!The Snack Bar here is also great.   We have ordered the chili cheese fries.  I asked for the chili and cheese on the side.  Trust me....  they do not skimp on any of the toppings.  Plus they have jalapenos on the counter so you can add as many as you'd like! Those come in handy for the nachos as well.  ;-)  The waitresses from the bar are also great.  We usually have the same girl on league night.  She is so attentive and never leaves us wondering when she will be back.  This is a great bowling facility and a great way to beat the Vegas heat!
3	Always a fun time :) I love the late night dollar bowling
5	I was looking for a place for my spouse and I with friends to join a league. They had a great choice for summer leagues with multiple days and times to choose from matching what we were looking for. I called the head of the league who called me back about a week later to chat with me about our chosen league and we were all signed up.  The best part, they called us the day before the league started to remind us.  It was a good thing too as we had all forgotten. On top that, we had gotten new bowling balls and needed them drilled.  The bowling center shop was open during our league time which is 6:30pm on a Sunday.  AMAZING!  As other bowling centers have sporadic hours known only to the shop managers themselves.  The staff at the shop was more than helpful.  They got us all drilled before league started and even came to check on us to make sure everything was fitted correctly.  What service!!The leagues are very well run, the facility is clean and we have been having an amazing time.
1	My brothers and I went to bowl at this place. The maintenance guy decided to be RUDE and tell us to "Move" instead of "Excuse Me".We called the guy out on it and said there is no need to be rude. The maintenance guy came back, out of his way to say..."What did you Say?" He should of just left it alone, but he had to a come poke the bear when HE was in the wrong.  We were being patrons to this business and the staff was rude. Why the hell would I want to spend my hard earned cash at a place that doesn't appreciate their customers? Don't go here, go to Red Rock Lanes. The people there aren't DICKS!
4	This place is always a good time. When you're looking for something fun to do with friends on a night out, check out the midnight bowling party. 2 dollar beers and discounted rates on a round of bowling. Good times.
5	My favorite bowling alley in the world!  Granted, I have not been to more than 10 different bowling alleys in my lifetime.Everytime we stay at South Point hotel, we bring our bowling balls and shoes from home.  It may seem a bit odd to bring them to the gambling capital of the world, but it is difficult to resist bowling here.The South Point Bowling Center's facilities is state of the art (especially compared to my hometown of Bakersfield).  There are a total of 64 lanes (32 on each side).  The facilites are so clean and modern.  There is a snack bar selling food at reasonable prices, and the Pro shop is cool as well.Our favorite time to come here is after Midnight on a Sunday through Thursday.  This is when they run their Graveyard Special for $1 per game!  It can get really busy so you may have to wait awhile before you can get a lane.  It's so worth the wait though.Bowling here after Midnight with friends and family is awesome!
3	Great bowling alley with almost 100 lanes.  The best part is $1 bowling everyday after midnight.  I wish they would play the music louder and dim the lights.  This is my only con
5	Great for $1 bowling after midnight and cheap drinks. One of my favorite bowling alleys to go to. Very clean and staff is friendly. Also i just found this out,  you can bring food from Steak n Shake downstairs and eat it while you are bowling.
3	South Points has a nice little set up with bowling, bingo and a theater inside. Not so cool if you're going to have a closed snack bar while games are being played. I swear it should be a crime. Games were cheap and so were drinks. Although drinks were completely watered down also. I guess in this instance you really get what you pay for. -Joseph
5	Great place to bowl and have fun with friends and family.  Food is good.  Love the nachos.
1	We accidentally miscounted our amount of people and instead of bringing it to our attention and asking us for $2 more ( since it was after midnight) they turned our game off before it was over. Half of our group had left halfway through the second game too! It was a slow night, not busy whatsoever. When we went up to the desk to find out why our game was shut off the girl JESSICA was extremely rude and refused to accommodate us. Over $2 really? She is rude to us every time we go there, it's pretty ridiculous. Thanks for ruining our night for no reason.
4	the bowling specials are great. fun place very spacious and there's arcade next door which is great for the kids. good crowd. no smoking!  :)
4	Friday nights are the busiest. Also there are coupons for 3 games that u can get from south point. The coupons for 3 games and 2 pairs of shoe rental was around $17.50. The facility is fairly clean for a location that deals with lots of kids. The drinks at the lounge are little pricy, but late night happy hour rates are pretty cheap, specially for drunk bowling. I did notice that there were some glitches in the software that was tallying the score, but it only happened for one game. This could be an issue if you a competitive person like me. :-)
5	$1 bowling on the weekends, you can't go wrong with that..
4	Came here on a Saturday night for a couple of games, for two peeps and shoes, it cost around $20. Right off the bat, the snack stand is awesome- they have fresh made crispy creme donuts! Aaaahhhh!! And other sorts of fancy delicious deserts and junk food (: They have a bar the "cat alley" haha, love it!! They about 50+ lanes available, it's actually a pretty small bowling alley. But for a sat night, it was chill and enjoyable. I would definitely come here again. Fun note: the arcade next door has AIR HOCKEY!! Yeahhh buddy.
4	Had a lot of fun! place was packed with some kind of cheerleading thing. Only waited 5 mins for a lane. That was cool with the amount of people that was there. A lot of the kids are unsupervised so ... you know how kids can get.
4	Smoke-free!! Really liked this bowling alley because it was clean, had tons of lanes, and the staff knew exactly what a family with a 3 year old needed. Played 2 games between the three of us on Father's Day, with shoe rentals for 3, it came out to about $30. Not bad for an indoor activity in the heat of summer. Loved the fact that they had shoes for toddlers (clean shoes at that!) and explained exactly what we needed to do to get him started (first time he went bowling).  Didn't get real food from the snack bar, but did grab a bag of chips and a large drink for a total of $4. They did have salads, pizza, pretzels, Krispy Kreme donuts, and tons of wraps, and other delicious looking food. I was very surprised that all the salads were fresh and looked very good. Definitely not what I was expecting from a bowling alley snack bar. Only reason for the missing star is that in the middle of a game, they decided to run the waxing machine down our lane without the staff member even saying a word to us about it. Not sure if this is common practice but it was a little off-putting. I will definitely be returning though. We all really had a great time.
4	Great 60+ lanes and they are adding more lanes for PBA. Great customer service.
5	Wow...i have never seen such a huge clean bowling alley... smoke free, shoes like new bring your socks but they do have a machine you can purchase some from...  Next to the arcade and movie theater.  gone 2x here and if you stay at southpoint you get a coupon for 3 free games.  If you go late they got dollar games.   we had 2 cpns we were 6 got shoes for everyone and played 2 games each cost us like 22 bucks!  i called to see whats a good time to come.. make sure you call cause they do have leagues and tournaments.
4	We came on Friday around 5pm and they had a lot of lanes closed. Get here early and get a number. I guess they clean the lanes from 4-6 so a lot of them are closed. It took us about 45 min to get a lane. The bowling alley was very nice and clean. All the staff were very nice. The prices were reasonable. $3 a game. The only problem was the wait, so I plan on trying it again at a different time.
3	South Point is a place for many things, late night steak, gambling, hotel stays and even bowling!Games are different pricing depending on the day. Shoe rentals are about $3.50 or so and they have many lanes to peruse. There is a server walking around every now and then to see if you'd like to order any drinks or you can walk to the bar yourself.
4	good bowling location always fun....nice and clean and fair price.
4	We always drive across town for midnight bowling and cheap beer! It's usually quiet between 12am-1am but then it really seems to pick up! We always have a blast here!
4	It was a quiet Friday afternoon and we had some time to kill before dinner so we popped into South Point's bowling center for three quick games.  They have a mind boggling 60+ lanes.  When we first got there, it was not very busy, but by the time we left, it was getting pretty crowded as the Friday afternoon bowling leagues started arriving.  There were several other small groups next to us.  After a while, we all started cheering for each other.  We had so much fun!!  For such a nice place, it wasn't very expensive.  Can't wait to go back!  Would have given it an excellent rating if we had cosmic bowling.  Once you try it, you can never go back to regular bowling.  It's just not the same!
2	We visited SouthPoint because it  is closer to where we stay. With its 56 lanes we did not have to wait.  Its ball choices are on the heavy side.  My 7-year old grandson had to use a 8# ball which is their lightest.  My shoes were not comfortable. The equipment shut down in the middle of our game and we had to ask the front desk for help.  Personally I would go to Red Rock the next time even it is further away.
