5	What can I say about this place?   They just do it right. From the very Southern hospitality(without the accent, but good,still) to the fanatastic food. I had a perfect New York Strip, cooked perfectly medium rare,with the bourbon/pepper sauce on the side(it does not get better than this)., to the unbelieveable wine list (a very nice 2002 Cosentino, The Poet)  My guests enjoyed their food and a good time was had by all.    Still one of my favorite restaurants.  Wish the others in this chain compared.
4	Quite tasty, and especially pleasant given that it was on the corporate tab :DWith that said, though, I have had steak that was equal to or even slightly better than the petite filet I had here, and slightly less expensive.  The blue-cheese crust was tasty, but a bit skimpy in portion.  The mashed potatoes?  Tasty, but not inspired.The lobster bisque soup, though?  That was absolutely heavenly!  The best I've ever had.  And, perhaps amusingly, the garlic-cheese bread was also quite delicious!Our waiter was friendly and helpful... present enough be useful, but not to the degree of being pestery.So my take?  Go here if you have some extra cash to spend or haven't had truly good red meat (or soup!) in a while... but if you're on a budget, you can and should probably go elsewhere.
4	Ruth's Chris in Vegas reminds me of incredible steaks and expensive dinners being paid by the corporate credit card. The steaks  are always perfectly cooked and dining here is one of those things you look forward to when you have to go to Vegas for work and not vacation.
5	Oh Christ...really, I'm not a big steak fan but this place was RIDICULOUS. Went here on a recommendation (thanks Pete T.!) for my fiance's 30th bday last year with a group of about 20 peeps. Despite having a bit of a verbal scuffle with one of our servers (see below), I'm still giving it 5 stars. The food is THAT good. I had the petite filet mignon, butter filled with garlic and it was cooked perfectly....it melted in my mouth. No joke. While most of us had steaks, my pesceterian pal had some sort of salmon and said it was equally excellent. We all shared the garlic mashed potatoes, au gratin potatoes, fresh broccoli in a cheese sauce & asparagus in hollandaise for our sides. I'd HIGHLY recommend any of these! Fyi,  all of their sides are family style so unless you're a BIG eater, I recommend sharing. This place is not cheap (average $40 a person...excluding cocktails!) but it's sooooo worth it.**The rest of their staff was friendly & efficient. It was just one A-hole who had a problem with serving a large crowd--we ended up getting another server and he was awesome.
5	Went here for my friends bachelor party.....yum yum.  Nothing better than sizzling steak that melts in yo mouf and an ice cold beer or a glass of wine.  The service here is awesome.  A perfect dinner before hitting up the casinos for a long night of partying.
4	Steak did you say? In a sizzling plate of BUTTER?? Now you're talking. One thing I love more than meat is butter. What a perfect combination. You order your steak and then you order how large a pool of butter you want your steak to sit in. Waiters cover you as they bring the steak as it spits butter all over the place. Steaks are good if you enjoy the true taste of steak (and butter) without the interference of sauces and such. Side dishes are nice but not amazing.
4	If your idea of a good steak involves a trip to the Outback Steakhouse, you should check out Ruth's Chris sometime.  Sure, it's more expensive, but you get what you pay for.  There are better steaks out there (I prefer Delmonico in Vegas), but they are really, really good here (I'd give it a 4.5 if Yelp allowed it).  I think the side dishes are quite tasty, but nothing amazing.The sizzling butter is a nice touch.  That said, someone once recommend to me that I order my steak with extra butter.   I'd advise against that unless you are at a Ruth's Chris location in close proximity to a hospital.  Extra butter at Ruth's Chris will kill you.  Your steak will swim in butter.
4	Best steak you can get at 2:30am!!  I prefer my filet rare with no butter.The berries or bananas foster is an interesting splurge for $30 too.
5	One of my favorite steakhouse chains.  The steak has been awesome in about five of the different cities I have tried it in (only San Francisco sucked)  Las Vegas is one of the best.  I got a HUGE filet that was cooked perfect, and some sort of cheesy broccoli that was awesome as a side.  Tried a few of the other sides and they were great too.  My co-workers got the Bananas Foster and it was amazing.  Worth every penny
5	Want good steak? This is the place!  Pricey but it's worth it!I had some filet mignon thing with alsakan crab legs or something like that (it's been while!) but the meat was so tastey and the crab meat melted in my mouth. It was amazing!
5	Damn, they make a mean steak.My petite filet was tasty goodness. Who can hate it when your steak comes on a plate still sizzling with butter??? My size 0 bff KILLED her ribeye - it was that good.
5	I was totally impressed with this place.  There were 6 of us, we made reservations.  It's off the strip, nice get away from the hustle.  We cab'd over since there is no way you could walk here. Since I'm in Vegas I know this is Sommelier heaven, I asked for their head Sommelier, he's there.  Great.  I tell him who I am and what I'm doing while we wait for our table to be prepared.  He's fabulous.  He shows me around, takes me to the cellar, talks to me about his cellar management and ordering procedures.  I'm floating on cloud nine.  We come out, he shows me the private cellar area, uh oh, our table's ready, my family is seated.  We give our order, the Som comes back over, checks on us to see how we're doing.  We get champagne, we look around we didn't order it, wow great.  Our steaks were pristine, melt in your mouth, properly prepared.  The servers were on their game.  Nothing about my experience here was bad.  It was all good.  Totally not what I expected but all top notch.  Now I have eaten at Ruth Chris in 3 states and this occasion by far get's top billing.
3	I think the Chef that night was a person that has tourettes and a salt shaker and I bet you he was singing, "let me FRICK see your AHH salt shaker" as he was cooking.Salty like a salt lick. Eeee haw...Amongst 6 girls we got 3 summer special. It includes: 2 appetizers, 2 entrees, 2 sides and 1 dessert for about $90 bucks.Salad- Good. 5 Stars.Creamed spinach- 3 Stars.Filet- Burnt. 3 Stars.Mashed Potatoes- 5 StarsMushrooms- Soooo salty! 0 Stars.Free range chicken- 5 Stars.The entree choices were: fish, filet, some other stuff and some other stuff. But the best bang for your buck was the mixed grill entree choice. The mixed grill comes with a filet (4 oz), free range chicken, and a crab cake. I would say go for the mixed grill instead of just choosing a fish or filet (6 oz) entree.
2	I' ve ate here a couple of times and after trying another steak house close by I'm  gonna have to pass this up from now on!!  Oh by the way, the other steak house was Morton's.
3	This was the first, and only time I've been to a Ruth Chris.This location is open pretty late..I tried the filet mignon, and well.. it was just OK.. It lacked seasoning, and flavor. Yes there was hot butter on the plate.   It wasn't as good as I expected. Yes it was prime beef, and tender, and juicy... but I can have comparable steaks elsewhere for less.   None of the desserts looked that good.  We came casually dressed, and so did alot of others.. This is vegas baby!If I want to try a REAL good steak..  I will try CUT in the Palazzo.. or somewhere else.
4	I've been to Ruth's Chris about six or seven times in three different states, and All I can say is, when you franchise restaurants out to individual owners, you get a pretty inconsistant product.The two here are okay.   I prefer the one near the palms because they get more interesting clientele.The food is good and the service is prompt.  I always sit at the bar, but did have a large party here for 15 people, and we were treated well.The bar is open late, and they servefood almost until the end.
3	I am deeply conflicted on rating this place. On the one hand, the food here was awesome... as expected. On the other hand, they really put a damper on my valentine's day dinner! My bf and I were headed to Vegas for the 3 day weekend, and decided we wanted to eat at Ruth's Chris for Valentine's Day. I made the reservations sometime last week for this location on Paradise Rd, since we had eaten at the other location last time we were out there. We hopped in a cab and headed over to the restaurant for our 7:15 reservation, only to find a line of at least 20 people out the door (all with reservations as well). Come to find out, they had overbooked their reservations and were running AT LEAST one hour behind on seating people. I, along with many other people there, was pretty pissed off. I mean, what is the point of making reservations, ESPECIALLY on a busy night like Valentine's day, if you still have to wait an hour. I felt especially bad for people who had tickets to shows later in the evening who were trying to decided whether they could wait that long to eat dinner and still make it to the show. And to add insult to injury, the first employee we came in contact with after waiting 15 minutes out in the cold just to get in the door, was oblivious and just asking how long the line was and shocked to hear it was out to the taxi drop off area. They should have sent someone out to inform people of what was going on and apologize. So we check in with the hostess, and then head over to the bar, clearly some vodka was in order to check my rage. The bar was packed with other disgruntled would-be diners. About an hour to an hour and a half after arriving, we were finally taken back to a table. And from there on out the experience was as expected, the service and food were really good. It's just a total bummer to get all pissed off before such a nice dinner. I will be writing an email to complain about the situation and keep you posted of any response.
3	Ok, as I said in a previous Yelp, I love Ruth's Chris! For my birthday  February 14 of this year we hit the one in Vegas right before the "O" show. We actually took some friends that have never been before. I have to say my expectations were not meet. For the holiday week the restaurant is way over book. Although several people had long waits, we were able to get a table pretty quickly. the staff did there best to take care of the enormous crowd. The food was not up to the Ruth's Chris standard. The steaks did not have much flavor, for a table of eight half of us received food and others received only half of there dishes. After talking to the staff, we found out that they were using temps. Arrrrrrggggggg!In comparison to the Ruth's Chris in New York, no comparison. The staff, full time  staff, still held up the Ruth's Chris standard, they were very nice, courteous and attentive. It was obvious that they were overwhelmed. If we go back it will be on a non-holiday or we may try the other restaurant which is just a few miles a way or just come to New York City to experience Ruth's Chris. Which is what we did with our friends when we came back to show them the truth.
2	I was disappointed with this restaurant.  The food is not bad by any stretch, but it is not of the quality I expect from a restaurant in this price range and with such a reputation.I ordered the special, which for me consisted of a house salad, ribeye, creamed spinach, and dessert.  I also ordered escargot and we had garlic cheese bread.The garlic cheese bread was very good.  The escargot was flavorful, but I was hoping for escargot served in the shell (like I had in Paris).  The ribeye was cooked perfectly, but the cut seemed to be of average quality.  The creamed spinach was too creamy and somewhat bland.  The dessert was good.The only reason I ate here is because I had a $100 gift card to spend.  Overall, it was definitely worth it because of the $100 discount.  However, I have no need to return and there are so many other steak houses in Las Vegas to try.
2	***It is nice to get away from The Strip to have a meal, but the food at Ruth's Chris is not that great; the steaks are too buttery/dry and too expensive (though I don't believe they have them in Vegas, I much prefer Morton's and Mastro's to Ruth's Chris)***I first experienced Ruth's Chris in Beverly Hills many years ago and enjoyed it.  Since then I have been back to Ruth's Chris at the Beverly Hills location (once) and this Las Vegas location (twice).My experiences since that first visit haven't been good.  I have found the steaks to be way too salty and buttery.  In addition, they are a little dry for my taste.  Everything else (from salads, sides, desserts) are mediocre at best.  If you are looking for an expensive chain steakhouse to go to, I think you are better off with Arnie Morton's.
2	If you love butter, then this place is definitely for you! I went on a mission to find the best prime rib/steak place, and Ruth's Chris has failed in my eyes. The place is way to buttery and takes away from the natural flavors of the beef. Your money is better spent at Houston's, Morton's or Lawry's. Take it from me.. someone who has gout because of the steak quest!
4	Nice place.. Good steak , worth a repeat......
4	My day of beef was just completed.  It started with Sarinana's Tamales and Eggs for breakfast.Lunch was Portillo's for a dog and a beef dip sammy.Dinner was filet mignon at Ruth's Chris.  4.5 stars.Greeted by a cheerful staff, we were sat at a big table in the center of the room.  This place is known for wonderful service and were not disappointed.  One guy for bread and water, another for cocktails, another two for the wine.  A truly professional staff dedicated to a wonderful dining experience.Blue cheese olives in a dirty Ketel One martini. Blue cheese wedge salad.  Not remarkable, but very good. The petite fillet was perfectly done.  Pink through and through, not raw in the middle.  Medium was the right call.  Lots of haters out there who dislike the butter finish but it was really good.  The Gulf shrimp side portion was a great call, too. Nicely seasoned, not overpowering.Banana cream pie, nicely carmelized, and a delicious bread pudding were passed around the table.The entire evening was wonderful, but when it comes to a top of the line steakhouse, I want perfection, hence the 4.5 stars.
3	Steak is a complete food. It has all the protein, fat and deliciousness I could ever want in a food. Now I have been to other Ruth Chris steak houses before. They are steak artists. On this particular occasion though, I was left a bit wanting. I will say, I wasn't at my best when I went to this particular Ruth Chris. It was at the end of a long booze filled weekend and we had an hour and a half to kill before we needed to be at the airport. I figured going back to San Diego with a belly full of delicious red meat and wine was an excellent choice. Right off, this Ruth Chris seemed a bit dated. There were no windows where we got seated and we were right in the path of the kitchen so we had frequent flybys from waiters and waitresses. I didn't so much mind as wondered why we got this table, on a slow Sunday evening. The server was nice enough, nothing special though. Like the waitress in "Reservoir Dogs"..."she was nice!...um, she was ok. She only refilled my coffee three times. I'm used to it being refilled six times!" and so on. I ordered the New York strip which I thought they would get spectacularly as they always do. I ordered it medium rear with a potato on the side. When I got it, I looked a little scrawny to be a 12 oz but oh well. It was a bit overdone and it was pretty greasy. It was served in a deeper dish than usual so a lot of the grease just pooled. I got through my overdone steak ok. I didn't want to be "that guy" and make a big deal but I was disappointed. I would go again and definitely the one here in SD though.
5	Always my first dinner in Vegas.  Good food and open till 3am every day of the week.   If you are not super hungry its ok to slpit a steak.
5	BEST STEAK!In 2006, we had our wedding reception here (call Tomi Sue- shes great!) and all of our guests (60+ were amazed!!)We come back here all the time!- Filet Mignon- cooked medium- Creamed spinach (to die for!!)- Sauteed Mushrooms (yum!!!)- Any of the potatoes are good!- They have a great mousse-cheesecake that is awesome!They even have Ruth's Chris brand of wine now, which is a good house wine (if you don't want to splurge).The service is always great and you will NEVER be disappointed in the food.  My husband and I always want to try new steakhouses, however, we know that we will always get the best at Ruth's Chris!
5	perfection. It is where the bar has been set. I dare someone to knock this place off, bring it. And if they do.. I will TOTALLY eat there too haha. The wine selection is great, filet mignon oscar style was great! It was even good the next day since I could not eat it all the 1st time. I want to go back there like yesterday, it's just hard trying to find a friend will to drop a bill or 2 just on their meal to come with me.
1	Ruined our Valentine plans.  We made reservations which we brought with us for 8:30 p.m.  When we arrived a long line and chaotic waiting area greeted us.  After waiting 15 minutes to check in we were greeted by a rude front desk person, who let us know it would be 35 minutes or more past our reservation till seating, but to wait in the lounge which was now standing room only.  After watching several arguments between patrons and the front desk, and being told there was no general manager available, we left.  Thank you Ruth's Chris for ruining our plans.
4	Ok so I finally can write a decent review for Ruth's Chris Steakhouse.  Why?  Well all the times I had ever gone, I ordered....fish.  Yes I'm not the brightest crayon in the box.  It's almost like going to a Japanese restaurant and asking for a burger!  That's the main reason why I haven't written a review for them.  Now I finally can.There are two Ruth Chris Steakhouse in Vegas.  Both of them are  fine restaurants.  -Filet Mignon (Comes in two sizes: 12 oz and Petite 6oz) : Cooked to perfection.  They charred the outside and juicy throughout.-Mash Potatoes (All sides are big enough to share, they are family style): Fluffy and buttery.-Asparagus (again big enough to share):  Cooked just perfect and not over done.-French Onion Soup- It had a great crispy outter shell and the soup was not too salty like some places.  This is a must have. All in all I had a great experience and would definitely consider going back here again.  If you're in Vegas we found out that after 11pm they have their happy hour specials and their steaks and lobster is 50% OFF.  A local told us that.
4	I've been to a few other Ruth's Chris's before and this one looked more like a hole in the wall.  If you weren't looking for it, you just might miss it.  Aside from the physical appearance on the outisde, the interior did lack some of the more romantic, dark, fine dining ambiance than other locations.   I came for a reception this time and found the food still very good.  Our Filet Mignon's came in hot plates.  The meat was tender and smelled delicious in the buttery sauce.  Our sides were mashed potatoes, mushrooms, and cream of spinach.  I did have higher expectations for the cream of spinach because Ruths Chris makes them the best. but this time it wasn't as creamy and it stuck like cheese a little.  in terms of quality, temperature, and taste of my Filet.  It was delicious especailly for a large party for a wedding banquet.  Service was very good and efficient.  Enjoyable.
5	Everything about our dinner at this restaurant was great, from the service, to the ambience, to the decor, to the food. The service was friendly and on the ball. Our server was pleasant, as was the lady who assisted him throughout. The lighting here is different from the Ruth's Chris locales I've been to in California, but I thought it was great. The place has an old-man's steakhouse feel to it. Dimly lit and paneled in dark wood throughout, I could easily see the Rat Pack dining here after a show. The food, as expected, was excellent. My filet was delicious, well-seasoned and juicy and tender. My fiancee ordered the Stuffed Chicken, which is a half-chicken stuffed with cheeses and herbs. I thought she was crazy for ordering chicken at Ruth's, but the dish was awesome. The flavors in the cheese/herb mix were amazing, and the chicken itself was tender and juicy. For dessert, we shared the Chocolate Sin Cake. If you like chocolate this is the dessert to get. Enough said. This place is open 'til 3 AM, but you might want to make reservations to be on the safe side. I found the location a bit odd (it's in the middle of a strip mall), but other than that, an excellent restaurant.
5	Scott was excellent.  Great service and excellent food.
2	We walked in for happy hour... took a look around... smelled like a funeral home...Walked out....Maybe this place is good if you are retired....
5	awesome service ,best t bone steak i have ever tasted, came out sizzling !! tastiest lobster tailgood side dishes, mashed potatoes and fresh asparaguschocolate cake was a little rich for me but went great with the wine brought our own wine and i dont think they charged a corkage fee :)decor was simpleoutside did not impress meon the pricier side but i never mind if the food and service are up too par. and both exceeded my expectations.location was off the strip, would of preferred a nicer viewhighly recommend
4	Wasn't sure what to expect - last minute reservations on Open Table for our b'day steak dinner coupled with 1star to 5 star reviews from my fellow Yelpers.Love the Beverly Hills location.  1st time at the LV one.Our server Bobbie was a doll.  He was funny, attentive & accommodating.  My 1/2 of the group got there on time and sat at the bar for a bit.  Bartender lady was very nice & makes some strong but flavorful drinks (friend ordered Washington Apple shots).My medium rare ribeye came out perfect & sizzling on that hot platter of butter.  Sides of baked potato & asparagus were spot on.  We were even served a comp side of mushrooms (pretty good too!).I guess we were lucky in that fact that all our food was delicious - so much that we couldn't eat dinner.Only item that was a little off was the chopped salad.  I had it in BHills before & it was delicious!  I split it with my b/f...it was - dry?  I mean there was practically no salad dressing at all...not even lightly tossed - I got the flavoring from their bacon bits.  That was the only downside to the meal - it looked pretty...just tasted like a carnivorous rabbit's food.
4	If you have to eat steak, then this is the place.  No more sizzling, tatstee pieces fo dead animals to be found anywhere.  Hmmmm. Full bar healps.
5	I tried this place for breakfast a long time ago in Los Angeles and never forgot how incredible the steak tasted. I just recently tried this location (Vegas) recently for an early dinner. This location does look dated and does not give the food and service any justice. Don't be intimidated by the looks of this place exteriorly, the ambiance inside is decent. The server started with their bread and butter, which was average. Soon after, he dropped off a stacked basket of Garlic Bread with cheese. I love garlic and not being biased, it was simply perfect! Next was their Sliced Tomato and Onion salad. They definitely don't mess around with their tomatoes, I mean they were chunky, juicy and delicious (I love tomatoes). The bleu cheese wasn't overpowering like I thought and everything together was well balanced and tasty! I also had the chopped salad. This was ok, it was served with a huge pile of breaded onion ring/strings on top and well poritoned overall. As a starter/appetizer, I tried the Veal Osso Buco Ravioli. It came with 4 pieces swimming in the sauce. The ravioli was good and the sauce made it better. The Main Event: I ordered the Ribeye Medium Well (I like the center just slightly pink). It came sizzling in its own buttery sauce and smelled like it fell from the sky. Cutting through it took minimal effort and biting on it was no different. It was cooked exactly to my liking, had just the right amount of chew and the flavor was so succulent, I almost fell off my chair! Let me tell you, their ribeye steak is one of the best I've ever had! * The service was Excellent.. Server was patient and delightful. The server assistant was attentive. The chef actually came out to serve the steak along side our server, we actually had an intersting conversation table side. The manager even came by to greet us and made sure everything was going well. Steak Lovers, their Ribeye won't disappoint.. Guaranteed!
1	I ordered the cheese chicken and found a piece of the plastic bag cooked in with my chicken. I didn't find the bag until I had eaten half of the chicken. They got one star because I had to give at least one.
2	Went here for thanksgiving dinner.Ambiance was not good.  In a strip mall.  Not great service.Lots better in Las Vegas.
2	Went here to have a romantic dinner. Waiter was rushing us to order. People seated after us were already served drinks and bread long before ours came. Onion soup was good, NY Strip good, filet was just OK. The au gratin was fabulous and the asparagus tasted like they cooked it last week. We had to ask for more drinks. When a place cost as much as this one the food and service should be outstanding. Personally I prefer food at Outback. I have to say this place SUCKS. Also had to pay some old guy who called himself valet to move a cone so we could self park. Parking is bad in this center.Carpet is old and dirty. People at the front desk chomping gum. The whole place just lackluster. Very disappointing.
1	Wow.....I read some reviews here before we embarked on this fiasco last night. Shoulda listened to the naysayers. Unfortunately, what sent us there was a $100 gift certificate. Shoulda wasted the gift certificate instead. Woulda gone to Delmonicos or ANY other steak house in LV. Coulda had a better steak at ANY steakhouse in LV. While I was leery of the decor and cleanliness, I was not at all put out by the ambience and decor. I guess I should give a few points for a pleasant server. That is where any positives end. Ordered escargot and a huge disappointment. Maybe 4 in a sauce with mushrooms that disguise themselves as snails. Both salads were so NOT memorable that I can't remember what they were. There was a big banner on the menu to ask the waiter about  the complementary  Oscar addition to any entree.  The server described it as a few ounces of king crab, sauce bearnaise and grilled asparagus. He did not however explain the cost of the complementary oscar addition. I have to admit that I did not think it would be free, but each Oscar added $40 to the price of the steak. I find that absurd. Just call me tight ass :) Steaks were not juicy.....just kinda mealy. To add to the lovely evening, we both got food poisoning symptoms in the middle of the night. I will spare you the ugly details. I will say that I wish I could have been able to share that delight with Ruth's Chris Steakhouse . Woulda, shoulda, coulda!
4	Visited this location for dinner on 12/21/10 ... I had the lobster bisque (oh momma, that was goooood), spinach salad, and the rib eye, medium rare. My dining pal had the seafood gumbo (very flavorful), house salad and the filet. In addition, we shared some garlic bread with cheese. Everything was super crazy delicious. I forgot how good their steaks taste when they arrive sizzling in butter!!!  I brought half my steak home, and am tempted to gnaw on it right now ... cold out of the fridge.  That is some damn fine beef!Service was overall good, although I had to remind our waitress that I had ordered an iced tea.  Beautiful bar area, too!
5	I love this place the food is amazing! My husband and I visit Ruth's Chris at least once a month and everytime we leave satisfied. The lobster bisque is yummmmy, my steak is always cooked perfectly. This place is well worth the money.
4	This review is for their Happy Hour~~ I wish we had late night happy hour in Ca--but only in Vegas right?? They have HH from 4-6 and 11-3am daily and that includes 50% off their special items (they have a big selection to choose from from appetizers, salads, and small meals)... They had a really good selection too!!  You can get a petite fillet mignon (and I mean PETITE--SMALL) & lobster with asparagus for $12-13, which isnt bad for a small bite...try it blackened, its really good..and make sure you order their french onion soup!!! Its delicious...
2	This is a hard review for me to write. I have been  to this Ruth's Chris a half a dozen times and have eaten at the New Orleans, Miami, Beverly Hills, san Diego, and Irvine locations. I've always counted on Ruth's Chris and until thanksgiving had NEVER been disappointed. My wife and I took my Mom for Thanksgiving dinner and the Servers rushed us to order, when we did order the food came in less than 4 min. We were asked if we wanted bread, and then if we wanted the " regular " bread or the better bread for an extra charge. How cheesy is that? My steak was not served on a sizzling plate as usual, my wife's turkey was cold...come on, this is Ruth's Chris!  Now, instead of always going to a Ruth's Chris for a special dinner we will try other places. I guess the old saying is true..you're only as good as your last meal.
3	Consistent dining experience. Cowboy Ribeye was tender and cooked to order. Huge sides and good service. What this location lacks is ambiance. I've been to the Ruth's Chris in Los Angeles, San Francisco, and Maui. This location is in a strip mall and the interior is dated.  If I'm in Vegas again, would probably go to Mortons which is a block away.
4	Awesome happy hour 1/2 off Bistro menu from 11P - 3Am...crab stuffed mushrooms, and the Filet Bruschetta great flavor and value!!
2	It bugs me when i know what i want to order and they start telling me a 5 minute story of what state the fish came from, how it was caught, how they prepare it, how their experienced chefs cook it, and so on.... Service was horrible....entered with a buddy of mine and they made him go back to his car to put on a long sleeve or jacket.  Host had PMS for sure.  Food was undercooked and displayed very sloppy.  No one looks when you need service but when you wanna be left alone, some waiter comes out to ask you how your food was, etc.  Bread sent out was stale....
4	Went for their late night happy hour (from 11pm to close). It was awesome...their bar menu was half off as well as their private label wine (which wasn't bad at all). Nate, the bartender, was fun and engaging. We didn't have lots of time to talk since he was busy but his service was wonderful. I had the 4 oz filet oscar and my man had the steak brushetta...both delightful. Will be back again for late night fun.
4	Ruth's chris is like a woman I know, and you know her too, you know... That chick who's got a reputation... Except instead of getting drunk and flashing you at the bar, Ruth's chris' reputation is outstanding service, and the most delicious aged steaks that money can buy. (and believe you me, you'll need to bring some money with you) however, my first experience with this wonderful chain of steak houses was in Baltimore, and after that wonderful experience, the las Vegas cousin didn't quite blow my mind.  Yes, the steak and sides were equally amazing.  Yet the restaurant layout was a wee bit cramped, and the service seemed more Applebees-esque than what you'd expect from a restaurant with such high esteem.  And for the 121.00 dollars I spent on dinner, you think they'd be able to afford to, perhaps, turn on a light or two, it was the DARKEST restaurant I've ever dined in.  That being said, I give them four stars, which for a regular establishment, is pretty solid, but for a 'five star' restaurant... It's no bueno.My recommendation, have at least twoHours to kill, and bring small lantern so you can find your silverware. ;-)Cheers!
1	The steak was excellent, and I can't complain about the prices because you have to expect that, but on 3/26/11 the weather outside was a fantastic 65 degrees. This was a godsend, because we HAD to take breaks from the heat inside Ruths Chris on that night. MISERABLE heat! I shouldn't have to see the staff in black coats sweat their asses off while working. It's NOT pleasant to eat when it's 85-90 degrees with no air flow. We waited outside to cool off before and after our meal because it wasn't bearable inside. When you walked back inside, it felt like opening an oven door. Again, good food, bad experience. This was an easy one guys.. you could see the patrons fanning themselves to try to cool off. If you are too damn cheap to turn on the ac, at least open a window! This was just unacceptable. I would have preferred Denny's or Sizzler steaks at YOUR prices. It would have been a better experience. Oh and don't tell me you had no idea! I mentioned it EVERY time we walked in and out to the staff, and the only answer to "Incredibly hot in here!" was from a guy in a black coat sweating saying "You're tellin' me man!" At $400.00 for only 4 entrees with tip, we PAID for 45 minutes of freakin' AC!
4	So this Ruth's Chris is located in a little plaza.  I've been to the Ruth's Chris in Beverly Hills and Woodland Hills location, and man...this one in Vegas was dark, cramped and very old looking.  YES, the steak and sides were perfect as usual, but I can't get over how little this spot was.  The service wasn't as great.  We had to ask for this, that or the other.  Whereas the other locations, service has been top notch.
5	Love this place !!!!!!!!! what can you say about the steak my and i love the one in san diego if you want  kobe steak come to Ruth's chris and treat your self
2	OK, so I was always taught if you have nothing nice to say, don't say anything at all ... but REALLY?!Dropped by this place after catching a Cirque show with a close friend, and we ended up here because it was open so late (kudos to whoever extended their hours so late, because Smith and Wollensky was shut)Waiter seemed pretty tipsy. :/ Though he was a nice guy.The other wait staff insisted on reaching all over our table and obsessively removing things that really could have been left where they were until the end of our meal - OCD perhaps?Food took a long time to appear and they forgot an item or two.Hey ... at least my martini was good ;)
3	While I am giving Ruth's Chris a rating of A-OK, I would not recommend it to the average Las Vegas vacationer. There are so many restaurants in Las Vegas, I would say just go somewhere else. We came to Ruth's Chris specifically because we usually have a good experience at Ruth's Chris, and wanted something tried and true. My husband even surprised me with a giftcard to use for the occasion. The server was very nice and attentive. However, the restaurant was off the strip,  which we knew ahead of time, but we were not crazy about it when we got there. It was in some weird strip mall. The food just didn't wow me either. I asked for medium well. The outside of the steak was very charred and the inside was barely medium at parts. No problem with the service, but the food itself just wasn't that impressive, especially for what you're paying.
4	Fantastic old school steakhouse.  Service is fantastic, food is flavorful and cooked to perfection.  You can't go wrong with this restaurant selection.
3	The service was good, although I found the support staff to be a bit chatty. Nice guy, but I didn't need him to give me a rundown on his plans to clear my table later in the evening! The ribeye was good, but I wasn't impressed by the sauteed mushrooms, and I love sauteed mushrooms. Also, the chocolate mousse cheesecake seemed like something I could have ordered at Applebee's. All in all though, it was reasonably priced for a steak with adequate service.
5	Maybe it was because my date was so well known here, or maybe it really was my winning smile and hot shoes, who knows? All I know is that I was treated like royalty and had one of the best meals I have had in Vegas.We started at the bar, sharing a lovely cabernet and some conversation with the bartenders and the maitre d'. Part of me wants to call it glad-handing, but (and I can say this about every time I had been here), the staff truly was happy to see us, ask my friend for updates on his goings-on, and make sure that we were extremely well taken care of. We took our time, never feeling rushed, and just enjoyed our time.When we decided we were ready to be seated, we were ushered into a private booth in what was, for most of our meal, a private room. The bottle we brought with us was waiting on the table. Once we settled in, it was decanted and shared (of course!) with our waiter, Tommy, and Jay, the maitre d'. Our order was taken, and the expert, personal service continued.The lobster bisque was fantastic. Creamy, rich, and with a depth of flavor I rarely find. It was truly one of the best I have had. *tangent*I would love to do a taste test between this and the one at the Grotto at Golden Nugget... also one of my faves. Might have to plan that. Any takers? ;) Ahhh, I digress.*/tangent*The lobster tail was prepared very well, buttery with a generous portion of garlic. It came cut up and not on the tail. This is fine, though I would have preferred it slightly less cooked; the broil on the end was unnecessary in my opinion. However, it was still sweet, tender and beautifully done. The potatoes he ordered to go with his lobster were OK. Not amazing, but done well.My filet with blue cheese crust was absolutely, spot-on, perfect. Rare with a cool red center, the blue cheese crust just slightly browned, and seasoned well. The meat was melt-in-your-mouth tender.The service was, if you haven't guessed it yet, the highlight of the night. We declined dessert but opted for the recommended second bottle of wine. Tommy's choice was great and inspired a lovely conversation about wine, origins, vintages, and (most important!) "drinkability."One of the best parts? I had shared earlier a story about how this restaurant was the first steakhouse I had been to in Vegas... brought here by my late father almost 2 decades ago and taught how to properly order a charred-rare, blue cheese filet. Well, this got back to Marcel, the owner, who came over and spoke with me a bit, trying to remember my Dad, and sharing stories of his own. There was something so touching, so sweet about his appearance and willingness to share.We were well fed and everyone made us feel welcome, honored, and important. Aside from the OK potatoes and the personal preference on the lobster, this was a perfect, five-star, par excellence experience.As I kissed Marcel on the cheek on my way out, I promised I would be back.
5	Ruth's Chris is fantastic.  The steak, the appetizers, the sides...all fantastic.  But the server & the wine?!?  AMAZING.  And they went hand in hand.  Our server made a few vino suggestions to match our meal but strongly pointed us in the direction of a cab from Cali called Justin.  I think this is what heaven may taste like.I was not so excited about dinner here (chained out steak houses - boo), but I was impressed.  The setting was intimate and quiet without being pretentious and the food, drink and service were all tops.
5	best steak I have had....... I ate at the one in OC after a long day at Disneyland and I cant wait to go back. Best steak i ever had
3	The Ruth's Chris in Vegas is a good solid restaurant, but with so many steak options in Vegas, I can understand why people would pass it up for a more glamorous Vegas style dining experience.  It gets lost among the glitzy upscale restaurants, but then again, they have Ruth's Chris across the nation and some folks go to Vegas to experience things unique to Sin City.  Although the dining experience is a bit sterile, you will walk out satisfied and ready to take on more of Vegas.  Pros:Good foodEfficient service and staffCons:Sterile and lacks character - not Vegas likeI like Ruth's Chris for the same reason I like other chain restaurants - familiarity and a fairly consistent dining experience.  The food is good and of high quality, and you will hardly ever walk out hungry or disappointed.  There are tons of steak restaurants in Vegas, ranging from "super cheap" to "you've got to be kidding me" expensive, so do your research and compare options before dropping upwards of $50+ per person without drinks or appetizers.      In most cities, a Ruth's Chris would be considered a "fancy" or near "top tier" dining experience, but unfortunately in Vegas, it's just another restaurant.  I like that it's quieter than a Strip restaurant and with most of the pretentious folks eating at more "upscale" establishments, you can bet that the restaurant will be less crowded and the atmosphere more relaxed - you would hardly know that you were eating in Las Vegas.  The service at this location is pretty consistent with the other locations - efficient and professional, though distant.  I think the servers at Ruth's Chris do a wonderful job: they take your order and come around to check on you, but don't expect a lot of personality from the wait staff or the restaurant.  It's a great place to eat good food, but it's not necessarily a place you go to be wowed...unless you're wowed by a beautiful cut of filet sizzling on the hot plate.  Don't get me wrong, this is a nice place to eat unless you're absolutely expecting to be blown away (Vegas style) by the experience.  By the way, our wait person didn't inform us of the specials they were running.  It's no biggie, but I could've saved $20-30.Ruth's Chris in Vegas might not deliver on style and may not be one of the "hot" places to eat, but you can always rely on a good meal comparable to most steak restaurants in Vegas.  It is one of my favorite places to get a filet, but in Vegas, the competition is just too stiff for an outright recommendation. I'm giving it 3 stars on Yelp though it deserves 3.5 stars:4 stars for the food but the overall experience only earned 3 stars because of the numerous options in Las Vegas.
5	I still love you!With all the many choices and new restaurants poping up around the valley its nice to come back to this familiar place. Ruth's Chris is just divine . I am not a big meat eater but you wont catch me passing up one of their steaks baby!    Yep its pricey, but the best part is coming here at reverse happy hour. C'mon who cant scrape togther some change for $13 surf n turf?   Just order a few appitizers, order your favorite drink and ahhhhhh relax :)
3	I'd heard this restaurant advertised a lot on the radio and really wanted to try it.  It was a bit busy when we came in for dinner, but the service was still good.  I ordered a Porterhouse steak and for what we paid for it, it seems to me it should've been a lot more tender than it was.  That was a disappointment, to be sure.  We both ordered sides of creamed spinach and au gratin potatoes.  They were both very good, but I wish we had known how big they were going to be; one serving is enough for two people.  The steak was huge too, and I probably left 1/3 of it.Although I was disappointed with the steak, I'd like to give this restaurant chain a second chance.
3	We had 2 Ruth Chris steakhouses in Vegas for years. Then they both closed . A year later this one opened up. I was looking forward to have same good steak. Ordered cowboy, much smaller then in the past. Mushrooms  out of a can I think, no flavor. (in past was wild mushrooms in garlic sauce). Venetian (delmonicos) or steak house at Circus Circus much better
2	garbage, no wonder this place closed. RIP ruth chris in vegas!
5	We came last July n oh my gosh the best steak I've ever had!!!! Soo juicy n tender worth the $50 no sides just steak.
