4	Relatively new all-you-can-eat sushi place (they do a la carte as well) up in the Lone Mountain area.  I've been here about half-a-dozen times and always found the fish to be fresh and of good quality, and the staff to be friendly!  Sushi chef always manages to recommend something new that turns out to be good.  Overall, it's comparable to places like Sushi Mon or Oyshi, except it's closer to my house.  Yay!
1	Just awful. The sushi is bad and the customer service even worse. The waitress didn't even know what items were on the menu!! We ended up getting charged for an extra appetizer that we never even ordered. With so many great sushi places in las Vegas, you can definitely spend your money more wisely elsewhere.
1	I have never had such horrible customer service right from the beginning.   So bad, that I had to walk out after they brought out our waters.The waitress does not want to be there at all, she doesn't try to hide the fact.  She's very rude and short, and rushes you to take your order and throws menus and drinks at you AND has major attitude if you ask her ANY QUESTION(S).Apparently they have this 'all you can eat' special, but you have to finish within an hour and anything you leave on your plate you are charged for and its about $15 per person.... NONE OF THE APPEARS ANYWHERE ON THEIR MENU OR SIGNS.Also, like in the previous comments for this place, the owners do watch you like a hawk as your eating, although I didn't eat, I could see them.
1	Absolutely horrible! I did the AYCE and started off by ordering a hawaiin roll.. It had albacore on top.. the albacore was arleady pre sliced into sashimi and the sushi chef manicured the edges of the fish to make it look presentable, but the fish was obviously bad! I work in a high end sushi restauraunt and I know good from bad fish.. no fish should be presliced into sashimi. I didn't finish it.      Asked for a beef teriyaki, it was if they had a bag filled with beef, broccoli, and carrots and put it in a steamer.. the beef was so bad I couldn't even chew threw it so I just picked out the carrots and broccoli.. by this time I realized this place has an extremely low quality of food! So I decided to move onto dessert.. I asked the sushi chef for a tempura ice cream and he refused to serve me one untill I finished the sushi roll and the beef teriyaki.. I let him know I didn't really like either and he just shrugged his shoulders and said I would be charged for the fish and I would have an expensive bill..      So I let him know that the beef teriyaki was very bad and it was as if he expected it and took it away.. I also told him the albacore was bad and showed how I was eating the rest of the roll but picking off the gross peices of redish shredded albacore..he said the fish was good and presliced to be prepared, even though none of the other fished was presliced into sashimi..so I told them to charge me for a la carte and he said he couldn't because I was getting smaller portions for AYCE.. even though I only ordered 2 things, I was disgusted by both.. they were treating me as if I didnt have money, and I was very insulted! I finally was allowed get a tempura ice cream when the rest of my party ordered dessert after 15 min of asking for it.. then they still charged me for the albacore I didn't eat, so the past 15 min I was being refused service for no appparant reason.. I work as a server at sushi samba and this is the worst sushi and service I have ever had.. bar none!
3	Decent sushi. I've been here twice; the first time the waitress was good. The second time, the waiter was slow, but nice. Took us a while to get his attention for simple things like water refills. The best thing about this place is the price; $14.99 for lunch AYCE, $19.99 for dinner. The menu is barely limited at all if you do AYCE - only one item isn't on either, and only 5 or 6 are only on dinner. Overall, not my best sushi experience.
1	Are 0 star reviews allowed? We had take out and it was a freaking rip off. For two chicken teriyaki's and a small cup of miso soup it was $24? WTF?! It tasted like a  frozen dinner. Stay away and warn your friends.
4	Great prices on above average sushi and service. Try the mortal combat roll as a part of your $15 all u can eat lunch.
5	I'm in shock at the reviews I just read on this place.I was invited to lunch yesterday and my friend had to cancel, so I went without him to the place on Cheyenne that I thought he was talking about near the 95. Turned out to have an awful experience there, which could contribute to how much I loved my lunch today. This one is on Cheyenne but it's by the 215 far from the 95. I'll give you this: my friend is a regular here and he knows the waitress who was so so very nice to us and accommodating. She brought him a roll and forgot to put no-cucumber for my buddy, she was willing to take it back, but it looked good so I just ate it while they made him another one without the cucumber.The place was clean, the orders came super fast and My God Man $15??? How can you go wrong. It's the wrong end of town for me, but I'll drive back there again. The most important things about sushi for me are fish quality and cleanliness is a close second. Straight A's on both from me. The variety rocks as well. Preparation, presentation, etc... okay it's not Nobu I'll give you that, but it's also not $250 each to eat there. Taste wise it's on par with Kaizen where my bill is easily $50 per person.Strangely enough the ala-carte that I had the day before cost me as much as the AYCE here. That place charges $28 for their AYCE and I wouldn't eat there again if they paid me.So strange how we can have such different experiences at the same places. For what it's worth, you can't beat this place. Enjoy it while you can, after enough people find it, that price is going to have to go up. You can't buy that crap at the grocery store for less than $8 a roll now.Pfff, now that I've talked about it I want to go back now, but I'm still full.
4	For an all you can eat sushi restaurant you can't go wrong with Tokyo Sushi! The service is friendly and very prompt! The price is amazing - for $20 you can eat everything on the menu - with the exception of one or two selections (not sure what they are since I would never order those anyway). And the menu also offers many selections for the non-sushi eaters!The sushi is always fresh and the rolls aren't over-loaded with rice as in many other all you can eat places.Some of my favorite rolls include:The Imperial rollThe Sticky Icky roll - this one has peanut butter and shrimp tempura - trust me it is very tasty!Tuna tartarPokeKiss of Fire rollAnd of course all of the sushi is wonderful and very fresh!
4	It's very obvious that the Tokyo Sushi House has turned their act around in the past six months or so; the older reviews do not do this place justice because IMO this place is off the chain.  From the outside, it's a very unsuspecting that some of the best rolls I've ever had in Las Vegas are only a door away.  Very inventive chef and the prices are perfect.  I've had sushi everywhere in town but this always the first sushi joint that comes to mind when I have the itch.  Service can be a bit spotty in the dining area so make sure you sit at the sushi bar - it's an idyllic experience.
4	I was on vacation in Vegas and I have some friends that live in the area and were in the mood for sushi, so we found ourselves here on a saturday night. I loved the fact that they have an all you can eat option :) you don't find it too often here (chicago)  well at least I don't. The fish was sooooo fresh and tasty OMG!! I loved every bite I took. The problem is that maybe they bit off a lil more then they can chew here. They had 1 sushi chef and 1 waitress while the place was full. At our table alone we would order 4 or 5 plates at a time. We ran out of water without a refill for at least 30 mins. I'm thinking they need at LEAST 2 people doing each job on a busy night because that was some awful customer service going on, but I'm giving them 4 stars because the fish was on point.
3	Once upon a time I would have given this place 5 stars for their great price and quality. Most of their rolls are fried and fill you up really fast, but they are interesting and pretty good. Side dishes are also good, especially the tuna ones that are presented like flavored sashimi. Not true sashimi since its been tainted with flavors, but still good. This past trip was our third visit and the yellow tail that we usually get a lot of wasn't very fresh, so they tried to drizzle their vinegar/soy sauce over it to mask the taste. The cuts of fish were very small and the amount of rice seemed to get bigger with each round orders. Most of these changes are likely due to the change in management, but for $15 all you can eat for lunch it is all right. Not great good anymore, but decent good. My opinion might also be a bit of a sushi snob since I've eaten so much of it from everywhere. If I can wait then I'd rather just have sushi in Reno for a similar price when I go back to visit.
5	Came in at 745pm on a Saturday night and got seated right away. AYCE Sushi is usually not my thing, but after a trip to Yama Sushi last week in the U district, I decided I needed to find something just as good, but closer to home. The server greeted us right away and was ready with pen in hand. There are a few rules to AYCE and a 1 hour time limit is among them. No problem if you're prepared and have some idea about what you like.We ordered a couple bowls of Miso and Edamame to start. Both were nicely done and hot. Then the food orgy began. We ordered an Orange Roll, (tempura shrimp with panko garlic crumbs & salmon on top with a mild sauce. I give it a 7.5), A Dragon Roll, (California with unagi, Great, a 10), A hot firecracker roll, not sure about the name, was next; consisting of spicy Tuna with jalepenos on top, (call that one an 8). Then came the orders of Nigri Sushi; Tuna, Yellowtail, Salmon, Tako, We ordered a few standard rolls as well. California, etc. All in all, we gorged ourselves in about 35 min. The freshness was a 10. Nothing tasted fishy or old. My 15 year old daughter & I put away a total of 6 rolls, & 11 orders of nigri, as well as the soup & edamame. The service was speedy, and other than running out of pickled ginger and wasabi twice, this place fills the bill for me. I'll be back to explore other rolls and creations. The fact that the sushi and rolls are not overdone with the rice, as is the case in some AYCE places, I am told, should be mentioned as well.
4	Great Sushi, great staff and great prices. What a find off the strip.
2	Wow, very disappointed.... We did take-out and my friends ordered sushi while I ordered the salmon teriyaki. They could barely eat the sushi and complained while eating it that it was really bad. My salmon teriyaki had the smallest portions of rice and the salad was gross. I could barely eat it because it was so soggy and wilted. We won't be going back there and I suggest you don't bother trying it! We had to beg for some extra soy sauce and they only got a little smidge of wasabi. They are tight on portions and extras.It is so sad because this is near my friends house and we wanted so badly for it to be good because it is so convenient! Perhaps it was an off night, but I won't eat there again.Hopefully they will get there act together!
4	Been going here 2 years now. Good food and prices, They do know us as regulars. I won't even lie to you though. Sometimes their waitresses just plain out suck and forget orders. We tend to sit at the bar cause the chefs are friendly and don't forget your order like the waitress will. Never had a bad roll here though.The sticky-icky is the best! So is the flamethrower!
1	I dont like to hit these guys with a one since Its been three hours and Im not ill like my last 1 rating but after asking for feedback it was agreed that was what they earned tonight. Here is why:Im not a Sushi expert by any means but I do enjoy eating it and learning about new Sushi dishes. So when the GF and her daughter suggested it I agreed so we came here.Upon sitting down we were greeted right away by the whole staff but that is where things went horribly wrong.The server brought out our chop sticks and mixing bowls and we found a hair and some rice stuck to one dish.  I would normally walk out here but this is their favorite place so we stuck around. (No discount was offered for this but a very fast sorry about that was received)We tried about 10 dishes and we were all disappointed that the rolls were all rice and filler with just the smallest hints of seafood. The fish wasn't the freshest but the flavor was good. There was three people in our group and two other tables with one server and two chef's We each ordered a roll and they all came out separately. Since it was all you can eat and family style I can appreciate that but when the other two tables were being served new dishes before ours came out it seemed liked a very disorganized restaurant When a set of rolls came out prepared different than how it was listed they explained it was a new chef and they would make us a new roll. Not wanting to waste anything we said thats ok.(this was another pluss for them)Unfortunately the best part of the meal was the toilet in the mens bathroom. If you remember the Ferguson from the TV show "married with children" this is without a doubt based on that; for the business those toilets must see they must have some serious power just remember to stand before you flush or you may get sucked in. Its a serious vaawhooosh!!! And Al Bundy would be proud.
4	I have read the poor reviews and find that they do not come close to our experience here. We went at lunch and for 14.99 per person we had 12 rolls. Each one was excellent.  The fish was fresh and the sushi flavorful.  The service was friendly and attentive.  The rolls were creative, my favorite was the Rattlesnake Roll and the Sunrise but everything was tasty.  I do think from reading the reviews a lot of people expect too much.  Don't complain if something is not on the AYCE menu that you like at other places.  For $14.99/19.99 you aren't going to get the same menu you get at a $27.99 place.  Read the menu before ordering to avoid the problem.The location is a hole in the wall but until I find something better, this will keep us fat and happy.
1	Wish I could say more....Have had better sushi.
5	Like I suspected, the low ratings of this place was due to how typical and bitter the locals in this particular area are. I refer to this area of NW Vegas as the "Cheyenne Strip".  The "Cheyenne Strip" starts at the intersection of Cheyenne and Durango, and ends at the 215. The yelpers who live in this area are the harshest in the world.  If they liked a restaurant-the food was good,-but it wasn't their favorite, they will go ahead and give the restaurant a 1-star. If they really liked the restaurant and it's their top 10 favorite restaurant in Vegas, they will give it about 2 stars. They have no real structure on giving out 5-star ratings and will just randomly give out a rare 5-star if they are in a really good mood. That's why when you click on their yelp profiles, they have like 20-30 1-star ratings and like one or three 5-Star ratings. Also, check the reviews for every business located on the "Cheyenne Strip". Every business on this part of Cheyenne has an average of a 2 star overall rating. Are these ratings justified? Absolutely not! The residents in this area are those certain types of customers that are very difficult and impossible to satisfy. The Sushi here is not bad at all. And the prices are the best in town. Where else in Las Vegas can you get a $15.00 AYCE sushi deal? For some reason, TOKYO SUSHI HOUSE reminded me of one of these places but without the conveyer belt.  There are two Sushi houses in this area. The first being "Sushi Bomb" and the 2nd being TOKYO SUSHI HOUSE. A lot of people in the NW area compare this place to "Sushi bomb" and I think that's why many reviews are too critical. I actually decided to come here because "Sushi Bomb" gets extremely crowded during dinner hours, and like a lot of yelpers complain about, the wait time to get seated over there gets extremely long some nights. Sure, this place isn't a popular hangout for young people and pro-poker players like "Sushi Bomb" is, but at least it's half the price, you get seated immediately, and you get good tasting fish. Today, I was not in the mood for maki and wanted some good nigri. TSH, has a perfect selection of all nigri. They got everything from Albacore to Unagi, and the sushi chef sends it out fast. Also, the fish here at TSH is good-fresh seafood. There is nothing wrong with it like many NW yelpers claim. Many people try to compare the freshness to "Sushi Bomb" who actually kills some of  the fish the same day they serve it, but that's why that place is over $30.00 per person, and this place is only $15.00.  If you follow my reviews, you already know that I am very critical of how uncultured  people are who live in NW Las Vegas. Before I came here, I already knew that a lot of the bad reviews about "rude service" was just their cultural ignorance. The servers here don't have much English, and have difficulties understanding someone who is speaking really fast. So, she is not "stupid" or "being rude" if she gives you an incorrect answer to your question. BTW, the service to me was very good. There was never a moment that lasted more than a minute where my drink wasn't being refilled. I guess another plus about this place is that the Sushi Chef is very quiet and traditional. If you have mature older family members or young children, this place might be the best choice. At "Sushi bomb", some of the chefs are young and quite popular with the ladies, so you might hear him bragging about how he banged some chick the other night. In conclusion, TOKYO is definitely has a better atmosphere for families with young children.Most of the Sushi houses on the West Coast were originally established by Japanese nationals(not Japanese-Americans), and quickly sold to Korean-Americans. I don't understand why they always do this? Is this some kind of common investment by business men in Japan? I tried asking my Dad, my lawyer, and one of my best friends who are all Japanese-American, but because they were all born in Hawaii, they had no clue about why investors in Japan do this. Anyone know?So practically, I would say this is a good 4-star establishment, but I will give it 5-stars just to compensate for all the unjust 1-star ratings
4	Great, fast service, which far surpassed Krazy Sushi's rather "don't care if you're here, don't care if you leave" attitude.  I quite like the fact ti's simply AYCE, which avoids the pages of rules posted everywhere as well.PROS:  Fast service.  Not well known so not crowded.  $14.99 lunch, $19.99 dinner, $2 drinks.  They have green tea ice cream.  The waitress was very helpful in assisting one of our friends who has food allergies.CONS:  Not a huge selection, and if you're a fan of crunch or yumyum sauce, or baked rolls, you're down to two or three choices only. They charge for mochi (FYI, you can buy an 8 pack for $3 at International grocery stores) separately.I had the garlic tuna (fresh, very garlic-y), the Mortal Combat, and the Rock Your Body (a delightful mixture of sweet chili, an almost rice vinegar taste, and hot...it was unexpectedly good).  My friend had the Tiger (she was not fond of the nearly pureed spicy tuna on top's texture), and the teriyaki roll (it's a roll, but then they put full on teriyaki on top--as in they put the roll down, and then scoop chicken with cashews, carrots, and broccoli atop the roll....a bit odd but they liked it so much they had two).  The rice was still hot on the first rolls giving them a bit of an odd sensation (never had warm sushi before) but it wasn't objectionable.Bathrooms clean, floors clean, sushi counter clean.
5	One of the best sushi places we have been too!Great chefs, awesome rolls & pretty good prices :).If your ever near it stop in I recomend the volcano roll!
1	my friend is allergic to nuts and they refused to use a clean knife when they were making his rolls after doing a Peanut Butter Roll. HEALTH VIOLATION!!! and they refused to make him New rolls after they contaminated his. HORRIBLE SERVICE! he could have died!
5	I've been craving sushi all week, and my husband and I saw this place on our way to do some grocery shopping. We came in late afternoon, it was empty, we were seated quickly, the waitress was very friendly.  My husband got AYCE, I ordered the imperal roll, and chicken teriyaki dinner for my son and I to share.I appreciated the non sex fused names for sushi rolls, my son is starting to read and those often bring up questions. My husband had banana roll,chicken teriyaki roll, shrimp tempura roll, and several others and had the cheesecake tempura for dessert .It was really good, next time I'll go and have some saki martinis with dinner and go without the little man.  My son really enjoyed the fish wall paper :) Return factor: You bet! Cheyenne Strip, totally agree.
5	Good
5	14.95 for AYCE lunch. Guaranteed to return. I love the banana roll.
4	The sushi here is tasty, fresh and bountiful. This is an excellent deal, especially when you go for the AYCE lunch or dinner. Tokyo Sushi House has become my 'go to' place for sushi!
3	Went here for dinner. Didn't end up going with the all you can eat, but got some great vegetarian sushi. It was fairly fresh, and inexpensive. My only draw backs were the age dashi tofu soup - too salty. I was almost scared to ask the ingredients because it was kind of just thrown together and tasted like it was doused in salt.The other thing is the service. Our waiter was nice.. but... we were taking our time. catching up with an old friend, sometimes you talk after you're done eating and our waiter just kept and kept at us. We were just trying to relax and enjoy our time! Overall, it wasn't bad, but I will probably never go there again.
2	Not a fan of the uninspired, emotionless staff here. After living in Japan for 4 years I thought maybe the "Tokyo" name attached to this place would provide a good experience. The Korean staff here were zombie like and the nigiri and rolls were average to me. Form your own opinion but for me this is nothing like a "Tokyo Sushi House"
2	We went to this place for the AYCE... I had a horrible experience. We were the only one there for the first 30 mins and they weren't very attentive. It wasn't until they got another customer that they filled our drinks and they charged us for an ate roll because we didn't like it. The waiter said that we left to much of the roll. Even though everything else we had eaten was gone. The rolls were fresh, I would just say make sure you know what you want because they definitely don't care if you don't like the roll...Honestly, the food was THE only thing that saved this review.
5	Love this place! My Dad and sister went to this place and loved it so much they took me and I love it too. Their fish tastes really fresh, no weird fishy taste here. The salmon, yellowtail, and tuna were amazing!
5	Lots of service lots of great sushi! Will go back lots of times! Way awesome!
5	One of the better sushi places I have been to.  Great food.  Great staff.  Great price.  I recommend the Korean BBQ roll (It is like surf and turf on a roll) and the sticky icky roll (taste like peanut butter & jelly).  What a great place!  Oh ya they also do 1/2 rolls so you can try all their good stuff.
5	A few months back, I was on this side of town with some friends and decided to grab some sushi here. I've been a fan ever since. The fish tastes fresh, and the quality is consistent. They also have really unique rolls that you can't get any where else. My favorite is the peanut butter roll, definitely recommend. It may sound weird, I was skeptical too, but it's delicious. The prices are amazing here as well for the quality of the food. They probably have the most inexpensive AYCE in Vegas.Overall, I'd recommend this place. It's a place for locals, far away from the strip. They have good food, nice customer service, and great prices.As for the bad reviews, I believe it was due to previous management. Personally, I have never had a bad experience here and doubt I ever will.
3	Tokyo Sushi House is a decent, solid all-you-can-eat sushi place. It stands out for its creative, interesting rolls and competitive pricing - at $15 for lunch - so if you're more into modern-style sushi and/or a bargain sushi session, this is the place to go. The appetizer entrees are pretty good too. Everything else about the place is just about standard (or a bit less), but put it in perspective of the great AYCE value. Highlights were the unagi nigiri, and the Dragon and Volcano rolls. The rolls are creative and well-made, without excesses of sauce and seasoning; you can order half-rolls too, which let us try a lot of the menu! Definitely a good place for rolls. The unagi is particularly good if you prefer the sauce a little less sweet. Besides the unagi and hamachi, the rest of the nigiri was disappointing; the fish was so-so, and the rice was cloyingly dense. I prefer nigiri over rolls so that was unfortunate; if you require a variety of good nigiri, you may be disappointed, but it's also a matter of preference here, or maybe a bad day/selection.The service was a bit lackluster, though sufficient. The waitress was spotty considering we were the only party for majority of our stay, and kept making awkward placements with the dishes. The chefs were better - attentive, and skilled, though difficult to engage with any depth. As a whole, staff interactions were pretty awkward, and I'm hesitant to visit on the same shift to have to go through that again. I will be back, though, to give the place a second chance on the misses, and to try more of the great, unique rolls on such a good bargain.
2	This place used to have the best sushi I had ever had.... went in there 6 months ago after not going for a few weeks and it was horrible! Went back another time just to be sure. Their quality has gone downhill for some reason, the sushi is smaller now and more filled with rice. We stopped going here after being longtime customers for many years. They get 2 stars since their service was still great. We go to sushi bomb now.
4	This is my go to sushi spot for AYCE. excellent price, good quality food, nice atmosphere. great customer service. I have no complaints. My favorite rolls are the Mexican and the flame thrower. Excellent value!
4	4/5 stars.  I would say the Chicken Teriyaki Roll and the roll with Peanut Butter (I can't recall the name, it was on the top right of the menu) were AMAZING!  You can't beat the price for All you can eat... $20 for dinner, what!!??  Awesome, I know.-Doug
5	If you're looking for a place where you can walk in, sit at the bar and scarf down 2 big rolls and 12-16 sashimi in 15 minutes, this is the place!  I bring a diet soda in, I know that's not really good sushi "Etiquette."  But for me, I like to keep the sushi budget low, if I can make it once a week. This place only runs me $21 a week, with tip. $16.20 for all you can eat, lunch, without a drink and a $5 bill in the tip jar on the way out!  I love this routine...  It's so nice.  You get to a point where you enjoy what you eat because the price is so low for lunch, which cuts off at 4:00 pm, that you stop worrying about gorging yourself to get your "Money's Worth."  Some places are great cause they have some special items on the menu and I will go back to them once or twice a year maybe.  But for a Sushi place that's like Fast Food but NOT Fast Food quality this is my favorite right now.
5	My favorite all you can eat sushi place, by far! Inexpensive and delicious. Perfect location for me because it's close to my house! I'll be back again for all you can eat lunch very soon.
3	Food was okay. Good service. I will go here if I'm in the area. I'm not going to go out of my way to eat here though. There are better sushi places closer to me.
5	This place is awesome if your a fatty like me. mortal kombat roll and sticky icky roll are delish! with only $15 lunch ayce it cant get as good as this place. give it a go!
4	If I'm going for cheap good sushi. I'm going here. To Tokyo Sushi. The sushi taste great and their all you can eat is totally worth it. $15 dollars for lunch! It's a steal. Not to mention is 5 minutes from my house. Everything accounted...It's a great place for good cheap sushi. The staff members are all really nice and it's also really nicer that they always keep refilling your drink. Especially when you're eating their spicy dishes.
5	I cant believe the reviews Im reading here. We went here for the first time the other night and it was excellent. I work in the food service industry and can be picky at times but I have NOT a single complaint. My overall experience was 5 stars. The sushi was fresh and the rolls were EXCELLENT. I suggest anyone wanting to try this place to go. Not to mention $14.99 for lunch and $19.99 for dinner. WINNING all the way. Just go and see for yourself.
1	I heard great things about this place, but I don't understand what all the hype was about. Albertsons has better sushi, everything taste like imitation. At other sushi restaurants if you say you're going to do all you can eat then realize it is cheaper to just pay all a carte they don't make a huge deal about it. The waiter acted like we signed a contract to do all you can eat. I guess the bug crawling on the wall made me lose my appetite. Disgusting!!!!
5	The first thing a person does when one comes to Las Vegas is enjoy the nightlife that is offered.  However, the setting can get a little too crazy after a day or two (well for me it does :P).  Tokyo Sushi House is a little bit off the strip and the vibe there is very chill, relaxing, and soothing.  A great escape from all the craziness Sin City has to offer at night and a place where we can talk about just what in the world happened last night.  I came here for dinner with my friends and it was perfect; exactly what we were looking for.  This is a great and fantastic place to eat at.  I've never had a problem, not even once.  The food is delicious and I enjoyed everything I ordered.  The very kind and polite staff greeted me and the quality service stayed that way throughout our entire meal.  Absolutely loved my time here and will definitely come back many more times when I visit Las Vegas.  It was awesome!!
1	Beware. If you order a lot they will start charging you double for your drinks. Sushi was so-so, nothing special. It's $15 AYCE so what do you expect. I was still nice and gave a $5 tip but never again. Go up the street to Sushi Bomb and pay the extra $5 for way better service and sushi.
5	I have been going for over three years and the price and the food continues to be great. The service is fast and their selection is plenty. All you can eat for under 20$ and a great selection of sake!! :)Highly recommend!!!
3	Pros: The sushi chefs are very pleasant, the fish is very fresh, appetizers and rolls taste pretty good, and it's an affordable lunch price of $14.99 which comes to $16 something with tax. Cons: The waitress is wildly unpleasant and watches over everyone like a hawk. They get orders mixed up very easily, even when the restaurant isn't packed, and they aim to make you eat as little as possible. The latter really cheapens the place.I normally frequent Sushi Twister, but I was nowhere near that side of town when I had my sushi craving so I looked up sushi reviews and figured I would give this place a try because it was less than a mile away. I should have trusted the people who made more recent reviews on several websites. I had kept reading reviews where people would complain that the service isn't what it used to be and that the rolls are 90% rice and have gone down in quality. Much to my dismay, this is ALL true. I went in solo, sat at the bar. Right off the bat I realize that this place advertises free wifi, but they do NOT have wifi that you can tap into. I order the baked dynamite scallop appetizer and the mussels appetizer and my first roll to try was the Downtown roll. I was brought a two-piece scallop sushi roll. That was it. I was like "Uh, no. I ordered the scallop APPETIZER." so they took it back and I waited several minutes before I got anything else. The next thing they brought me was the Downtown roll. Which I noticed immediately weighs like fourteen pounds. I told myself "Okay, maybe they just go heavy with the salmon on this roll." I tried it, it was pretty great. But the roll was so heavy that I had trouble getting through it. (The lunch is AYCE so I was annoyed that I was already getting full). Next they brought out the dynamite scallops. Which were piping hot and very fresh and had really flavorful mushrooms and cheese in it. Loved it. I waited for my order of mussels and it never came. Next roll I ordered was the Lisa Lisa. I ordered it because it was a five piece roll and I wanted to try at least three or four rolls while there. The Lisa Lisa arrived and I was immediately annoyed. It was huge. It was heavy. Yes, it was tasty. BUT. They put sooo much extra rice in the roll. It was completely ridiculous. After that five piece roll I was bordering on full and knew that I shouldn't push it and order a third roll because you PAY for what you DON'T finish eating. I was still annoyed they never brought my mussels so I glanced up behind the bar and noticed one of the workers grabbing an order of already-done mussels and tossing it in the trash. Because it had been sitting for too long. So that answers where my order of mussels were. They made it in the back and then the workers up front never brought it out to me. I ordered a fresh batch and it was brought out to me in about another ten minutes. It was very fresh and very tasty but by that point I was too annoyed for words to fully enjoy it. So, there you have it. If you decide to go to this restaurant, know that they use MASS amounts of sticky rice to fill you up so you'll order less food. That's tacky and has pissed me off to the point where I had to make sure I post this review on as many sites as possible. Legitimate sushi restaurants lets the FISH speak for itself and don't need to drown their rolls in rice. Expect unpleasant waitresses. I left her a tip of $3 and she didn't even deserve that much. Very displeased with this restaurant. Nobody can measure up to Sushi Twister!
4	Food is great and the price you pay for AYCE is something to beat. Honestly for people complaining, what can you expect? It's 14.99$. They're not going to have as much of a selection as the more popular and bigger AYCE sushi places around the valley. My only problem is one of the waitresses. There is an older woman and a younger woman and the younger woman was just plain rude. She watches you like you're going to run out after eating your fill of AYCE without paying. The chefs are pretty cool and they're also really nice. I prefer my sushi being made by the older gentlemen who usually dons the chef hat. Their crazy philly and vegas rolls are so good! They've also added a set of new rolls for their AYCE and I can't complain. Very nice interior and a great place to socialize with friends while enjoying sushi.
5	Love this place! Best sushi place in Vegas. Amazing menu. Very friendly staff. Met the owner today and she was very friendly too.
5	LOVE this place!  They have a Jenny-Roll, which I like to say is named after myself :)  It's delicious!  They also have one called the Sticky-Icky Roll which I'm not sure is still on the menu-but they'll make it if you ask.  It has coconut and peanut butter.  SOOOO good!
5	It is a mystery to me why these guys don't have a near 5 star rating.  I had avoided them for quite some time due to their yelp rating until a co-worker told me otherwise.  Their fish is fresh and service is fast & friendly, which is the absolute most important criteria for evaluating a ayce sushi joint.  And then the next most important attribute is price.  They offer $15 lunch and $20 dinner, both ayce.  Seriously??  I don't know how they do it because all of the competition that dips into that price range doesn't even come close to the same level of freshness.  They have a nice variety of rolls, but sashimi is not included in ayce.  The variety helps because my man is allergic to shellfish/shrimp and some places offer up to 85% of their rolls with shrimp as the main ingredient.  An added bonus is their iced green tea, which is fricking amazeballs, but it's an extra $3 that's not included in the meal price.  The sushi chefs are super friendly and johnny on the spot to whip up any custom creation that strikes your fancy.  They close at 9 pm, which is surprisingly early for a sushi joint, so plan to get there a little earlier.
5	This place is fantastic. They have a large selection . I literally just order tons of tuna. It's def worth a visit. I always drove past place and never went in. Now it's my fav place.
5	I love this place! They have good sushi for a great price. You can't beat 14.99 for AYCE lunch. The servers are nice and answer any questions you have. The place is a bit small though.
5	** Do not be afraid of the low price!**For too long I was afraid of this place because the price seemed too good to be true.  I figured there's no way the fish will be any good.  Well, I am here to tell you I was wrong.The business is clean and there is no fishy smell which can be found at some sushi bars.  The staff was very quick and attentive.  I also dug the decor. I enjoyed 4 rolls on this visit which include: Kiss of Fire, Fire Dragon, Spicy Yellowtail and a Spicy Salmon.  I recommend the specialty rolls, especially if you like your sushi spicy.The fish was fresh and the flavors were excellent.  The Miso Soup was also very good.  You may say "well how can you screw up Miso Soup?" Trust me when I say that Sushi places do it all the time.Best of all is the price.  I would normally give this place 4 stars because it isn't quite as good as some other places in town, but when you factor in the cheapest AYCE price in Vegas, it gets 5 stars!If you are budget minded and can eat your weight in sushi, give this place a try!!
5	My husband and I went for dinner and both got the ayce sushi. There were so many different choices of sushi, and a couple sides that weren't. My husband, who wasn't big on sushi before now actually likes it. The service was super friendly and the food was great. It was a good experience. We will definitely be back
2	Tasty rolls, fast efficient service. Only thing I did not like was when I tried to order a third order of salmon roe, they didn't want to give me anymore, so they said they were out of it.  No way they were out.  The price is $15.00 for ayce lunch, if they want to put limits on food they have touted as all you can eat they should do so, but don't lie to customers.  All that said, the rolls I had, Hawaian, Island, Fire Dragon, and Hit and Run were all pretty tasty.  If you order any eel, you will get very small, very small amounts in the roll; however if you want eel, the best way is to order it as nigiri.  Don't think we will go back again, as I really hate being mistreated by someone lying to me about what is available to have.  I prefer to pay just a little more and get decent service, quality and no penny pinching during service.
4	Still my go to sushi fix, especially now that my brother is now into eating sushi as much as me. They are still all friendly and helpful when it comes to making decisions and the sushi is still fantastic. However, I've lately been coming to dinner instead of regular lunch hour because of my family's busy schedule along with mine and the rock star of a waitress during the day time isn't there (tear face). Instead there's a guy, and although he's super nice, he kept forgetting our orders. He has it written down, but he kept forgetting to give it to either of the sushi chef I was indifferent towards it, but my mom was a different story. We waited for 20 minutes just for a bowl of ice cream after our sushi craving was satisfied...okay re-word, we waited for twenty minutes if he would bring out the ice cream for the rest of our party while my dad was finishing up his rolls, but he never came with it, even if we kept asking for it.We usual trip pretty generously, but we were all kind of annoyed by the end.Still a good place though! Just...we'll probably just start going back to lunch hours!
5	I just ate here for the first time and really enjoyed it! The AYCE is totally worth it if you're going to have more than two rolls. The food was delicious and our rolls came in a decent amount of time for how busy they were. The staff was very kind and attentive.
3	For the $20 ayce dinner price, you really can't beat it! It was decent sushi. We would definitely come back. Staff was attentive and it beats the place down the road as far as quality is concerned. Bottom line is you get what you pay for.
1	I've been a long time patron of this sushi place for a long time now, I've always gone with my dad. In fact, we've recommended this place to several people because of how cheap AYCE sushi is! About 3 months ago I started going with a few friends instead of my dad, and I noticed each time I went without my dad, the time I was sitting there waiting got longer and longer. My dad is a big tipper, tips about 30%, me being 19, I can't afford to constantly do that, so I tip 15%. I've been there a total of 8 different times without my dad, each experience just got worse and worse. Last time I went there, it took them 20 minutes to get 3 orders of Salmon Nigiri, and 1 Hawaiian Roll, and we were sitting right at the bar. Better yet, there were only 1 booth of 3 people there, and 2 other people at the bar. Not even the slightest busy. All the two sushi chefs did, was make a roll or nigiri order, watch the tv, then talk to each other, then make another order. If I'm paying $15 for 45 minutes I want my monies worth! The servings are very small. A lot of rice, with little fish, that I'm alright with considering I'm saving money going here, what I'm NOT alright with is them taking 20 minutes for 3 orders of nigiri and a roll. I recently went to Sushi-Mon, paying an additional $5, and wow, that $5 makes a big difference! They were so fast, and the amount of fish they gave me was noticeably larger too! I would also like to add that cleanliness isn't the best here, the servers never clean up, and when they do, there is still some rice from the previous customer on the table, and the servers will let the dishes stack up on your table until there's barely any room to eat. It also takes them 10 mins to refill a glass of lemonade and another 10 mins to get you an additional side of ginger.Moral of the story/Summary:If you're not a big tipper (and I mean big), you'll get incredibly SLOW service (on the sushi chefs behalf) on top of the large portions of rice and small portions of fish. Cleanliness isn't exactly the best, and waiters/waitresses aren't attentive.Edit:I would like to add, that I gave this place several chances, 8 to be exact, and each experience got worse and worse. The price is a extremely wonderful price, until you see how small the fish servings are, how large the rice servings are, and how it takes 10 mins to receive 2 rolls when there are 2 sushi chefs there and only a total of 5 customers. When I recently went to Sushi-Mon, I actually timed how long it took them to serve me 4 orders of Salmon, 4 orders of Super White Tuna, and 1 Orion Roll (very similar to the Hawaiian Roll), get this, it took the ONE chef a total of 6 minutes and 24 seconds. While it took Tokyo Sushi's Sushi chef a total of 10 mins for 2 rolls when there were a total of 5 customers there. By the way, Sushi-Mon had a full house when I went, we had to wait 10 mins for our bar spots and they were still faster!
2	Unfortunately the price is the best thing here. I loveeee sushi and when I heard this place was $14.99 for lunch I had to check it out. Stopped here for lunch today with my sister and her friend. I did not like the server she was just blah. No personality at all. She barely said 2 words to us the whole time we were there. She never even said your welcome after we thanked her for bringing water or our food. To me that is just rude. Servers seem to forget their performance affects their tip... so if they act shitty they can expect the tip will be as well. So they don't have the best quality of fish but it is decent. We tried these rolls:Cali in Vegas HawaiianSalmon lover Imperial Orange Sticky ickyMauiMexican which was never received Most of the rolls fell apart which is annoying. I don't want to have to use a fork while eating sushi ya feel me? And none of the rolls were great they were all just Ok. The ponzu sauce on the Hawaiian roll tasted like straight vinegar it was pretty bad. Also after reading the reviews today I found out they have dessert. It wasn't on the menu and you can bet our sparkling personality server didn't mention it. Never again.
4	Great sushi option right here.  All you can eat has a great selection of rolls and sides and apps.  Fish is fresh and the restaurant is clean.  We've come a few times near closing and they have always been friendly and welcoming.
3	Went here yet again to give them a generous chance, and the experience was ok. There was this older sushi chef who was EXTREMELY Kind and fast! And a younger skinny sushi chef there who was completely inexperienced, takes him forever to make rolls and this is my 4th time I've been there while he's there. Some of the sushi chefs here have an attitude with them, so this was a  great experiencing where the older gentleman was incredibly nice and kind. the waitress was more attentive toward my needs, unlike all the other times where she wasn't that kind.
4	AYCE is pretty cheap and you're paying for what you get and possibly more. I really enjoyed the vibe from the restaurant and the employees. The environment of the restaurant is really chill. It's a place where you can really enjoy good food and company.
5	We did end up going to the lunch hours again! I keep forgetting to get her name, but she's like the top waitress! She knows my brother and I now since we go there almost every other week and she's just the nicest and most efficient person. We usually get the Vegas roll, the maui roll, mortal combat, Jenny and dragon. We need to start trying more rools, but our usual is so good, we're full by the time she comes back around for our second round of orders.
1	No...just no. Granted we came on a busy afternoon, and I will give credit where credit is due, overall there was just so much wrong with this place.The positive: The sushi chef was busting his butt to quickly fulfill the orders. There was constant hand washing by the sushi chef in between orders. The price of $15 for lunch was very appealing.The negative: The quality of sushi was among the lowest I have experienced. Not only was it mostly rice (explains the low price tag), but the rolls were so sloppy and kept falling apart. My soy sauce dish was completely filled with residual rice. Also, everything tasted mushy and the same with an overpowering amount of cream cheese. We sampled 5 rolls between us and honestly I can't say any of them stood out or would warrant coming back even if everything else wasn't wrong with this place. The salmon was fresh, the rest of the fish was not. The tuna was the mushy glob kind that they just throw on top of the roll..instead of you know, using actual tuna. It goes without saying that the crab was the fake krab kind.The service was non existent. I asked for a water refill twice, and never received it. The waitress was busy, but how hard is it to send someone from the kitchen to walk around with a jug of water and just refill the tables.Or she could have done it herself... it would have taken 3 minutes tops.  As I was leaving, someone actually got up with their empty glass and approached the kitchen area because they had been waiting for a refill during the entirety of their visit. The best part was the auto gratuity added by "accident"...$6 on a $30 order. When I looked at it and laughed she took it back and apologized for the "mistake". Right.... yes let me give you a 20% for doing absolutely nothing for me, not even refilling my water glass. So shady!We tipped the sushi chef directly as he was busting his butt and actually serving us. I will not step foot in this place again.
1	I have always went there with my friend, we always drop serious cash and usually have a great time. I went there with my aunt for her first visit.  She knew I wanted the all you can eat sushi.  My aunt does not eat sushi mind you. I order then my aunt ordered the some chicken plate. I had ordered a salmon skin salad with my all you can eat sushi. My aunt just wanted to taste the salad. The woman immediately stormed over. The woman said you cannot share your sushi. I explained that my aunt does not eat sushi and just wanted to taste the salad. From that moment on the woman watched us like a hawk looking for prey. Her customer service was pronounced as if we were thieves trying to get to sushi plates for one. When she greeted the other customers she was happy. When she came over to our table the lady server had an attitude. I went to her and explain that I eat here all the time and she knew me, which she did. She acknowledged her big tip I always gave her. However, her service was rude very rude after that. I realize people may have done that in the past, but that wasn't me and the staff knew me as well. That really left a sour taste in my mouth. I will no longer take myself or my clients there for fear of the rudeness of the server. When my clients coming from San Francisco I will kindly direct them somewhere else . I work in customer service every day and believe me this was not customer service but a borderline of harassment . I wish I could leave no stars because you are not a star in my book.
1	Writing a review while I wait; been here for an hour now. I received my 1st order of nigiri after 30 minutes. Places a second order after 10 minutes after my last bite of nigiri. Waited another 10 minutes for my rolls. Then another 10 after my last bite for a bill. I came for AYCE and we were only allowed to request half rolls for our last order. I order half rolls and I received full rolls. Rolls were ok. Fish was not up to par. Looked as though they used long grain rice. During my entire visit, I received only one drink refill. The ice cubes in my iced green tea had little green particles frozen into them. My boyfriend tried to convince me that it was green tea mix. It looked like algae to me. Maybe I came on a bad day and they were short staffed. Either way, I did not have a good experience.
1	Food was awful and the wait staff were very rude. My waitress was Katie and she was very disrespectful so my husband and I did not tip her. So as we left she came outside cause my husband forgot his hat and keys. She then proceeded to beg for a tip. We then explained to her why she did not get a tip and she yelled at us telling us not to come back. Needless to say we well not be going back. One more thing the rice was cold and tasted like it was sitting out for awhile.
5	I love sushi, and I often come here even though it's 20mins away from my house.First, price is unbeatable. I never seen $19.99 for dinner at AYCE. Most restaurants charge between $24.99 to $26.99. So I always tip them like $6 that only makes full price at other AYCE restaurant.Their quality of sushi isn't different from other AYCE sushi restaurants. The rolls are beautiful (especially Cherry Blossom) and so delicious. I love Mortal combat, Lasagna, Kiss of Fire and Volcano.The service is also great. Strangely I only go there on busy nights. Servers keep running to follow up the orders. They always check back how my table is doing, apoligize for delay if any, and thank us. Some people who never been a server doesn't understand how crazy working at a restaurant is on a busy night. I see they're trying their best and I'm happy that they are respectful and responsible.So far this is the number one restaurant for me.
3	I'm not going to give out a full five star because of recent changes, but I still have to give a good rating because the service was still good and I have to give credit where credit is due.First of, although the price stayed the same, T. Sushi House has made some pretty big changes. One of these is separating a Lunch, Dinner and Deluxe price. Now I understand why they did it, because price of food is getting higher and they have to adjust their prices to that. Lunch is still $14.95 and and dinner is still the same, but it's very limited now and if you want everything (like in the past), you'd have to pay the deluxe price. Second, the menu changed completely! Gone are my favorite rolls such as the Jenny, the Mortal Kombat, the Vegas and the Maui rolls and in comes the more regular rolls such as the dragon, the rainbow, the caterpillar and the lasagnas. I mean those rolls were there previously. However from a menu that consisted of at least 30 different rolls on just one side, there's only like 12 now. I was pretty disappointed with that. The big selection is the reason that we love going there. If they were to raise the prices and keep the same menus, there would have been no problem! Also, the appetizers were also lessened and they decided to keep some of the not so favorable ones (for us anyways)Third, our favorite waitress no longer works there I think. The waitress there now is pretty nice, don't get me wrong, but the waitress before was just the "ish". She knew the moment we went in what we wanted and started on it right away.Fourth, there's some changes with the sushi chef line up. The ones currently working now are decent, but it just does not taste the same. On the pro side, the service is still pretty good from the waiter and waitress. They're fast and efficient and they come to check on you every so often, which a lot of people might not like, but we do. They cater to everything you need and they're also one of the nicest. The rolls come out in a timely manner. However, my family and I are probably going to go to Naka for our sushi fix from now on since the menu doesn't agree with our taste pallet!
1	We used to love this place. We would ONLY GO HERE for Sushi. My step daughter came into town over the weekend and we took her here last night to get her favorite "STICKY ICKY" roll that she has been craving. We sat down and got the news that EVERYTHING and i mean EVERYTHING has changed on the menu and they no longer have really anything on their old menu. No Sticky Icky. No Hello Kitty Roll. No Creamy Shrimp. NOTHING!! You cant even order it! The price is sill 19.99 which is fine but you literally have like 10 options for rolls. Hardly any appetizers. The service was TERRIBLE. We ordered multiple items that never even came. I am SO disappointed in this place now its not even funny. This very quickly went from our absolute favorite sushi place to one that I will never step foot in again. I am so upset that they literally took away all of their variety in rolls, got rid of the best sushi chef they had, got rid of all the amazing waitresses they had and now staffed with "PAUL" as the Chef and some random wait staff who literally never bring what you ordered. I literally am STILL pissed that I paid $80 for 3 people to eat literally 3 rolls because there is NOTHING ON THE FREAKING MENU!!!! Usually AYCE Sushi is a great deal, you get a great bang for you buck and feel like you ate your money worth when you leave. Not here, not any more. I felt cheated. I felt ripped off. I will never step foot in there again. Terrible menu. Terrible service. No options. No customer appreciation. REALLY YOU CANT KEEP A JAR OF PEANUT BUTTER IN THE BACK FOR ALL YOUR OG CUSTOMERS THAT ONLY EVER WENT THERE FOR THE STICKY ICKY ROLL???????? Congrats on your new restaurant, Paul. You just lost VERY LOYAL customers. Everyone knew how unhappy we were last night too and how often we used to come and no one gave 2 shits. Enjoy your mediocre sushi and limited menu - we definitely wont be coming back. What a freaking joke this place is now!!!
1	Omg... Delivered the wrong order 3 times.... How can you be this off... Bill was wrong......do yourself a favor and stay away....
5	Awesome sushi and excellent customer service will definitely be back again!!!!  Very great price as well.
5	Menu has changed a bit, no dessert but for $14.99 lunch & $19.99 dinner, it's unbeatable. I recommend the New Mexican roll. The Cajun albacore is great.
1	Wow one of worst sushi restaurant ever. Service was herendous. Do not go, I will never return again
5	They have changed management,which greatly disappointed me as I am a regular to the restaurant. I feel as if I'm cheating because  I loved the old ways. However the food quality is incredible its refreshing delicious and the vibe is top notch!  It took a lot to convince me they could even compare to my last most fav. Guy but it was not unsuccessful! Really yummy suburb simply amazing, I will miss you my old guys so much! But I guess I can deal as long as the prices stay the same!
5	Paul is a great chef & manager, get the fire cracker it's awesome! My son loved their mochi and June our server was amazing. Great service and great sushi :D
5	Such amazing sushi place! All you can eat is a great price and you always leave stuffed and happy. The whole family comes to this place, great for big groups.
1	Alright. I've been flippy floppy with these reviews on this restaurant. At first I loved it, then it just got worse and worse. The price is just AMAZING! But sadly, everything else isn't. It took about 30 minutes for me to receive my first order. Every 10 mins, i tried remembering the young guy (with glasses) what I ordered, and he'd just say "Yes, yes, its coming out", but it would never come out. Each order would take about 15-20 mins to get, even if it was just 2 orders of Hamachi Nigiri. The price makes me want to return over and over again, but when I think about it. I'm over paying. YES. I am overpaying. First off, they put a little more rice than they should, in combination to less fish, it also takes about 15 minutes for every little piece of sushi that I order. Typically, I can eat about 30 separate orders of Nigiri, in addition to about 3-4 rolls, but because it took so long for them to make it, I got full after eating just 10 orders of Nigiri and 2 rolls. That may sound like a lot, but in comparison of what i USUALLY eat, its very little. Typically, I like trying a wide array of different foods (squid, octopus, mackerel, salmon, tuna, salmon eggs, super white tuna, hamachi, etc), but because of the time I spent waiting, i only got to try 2 of what I usually get (salmon and super white tuna). Don't be fooled, even if they aren't busy, they still take just as long. I was sitting at the sushi bar, and I felt like I was last priority. While the people 2 chairs over on the same sushi bar, got everything they ordered within 7 mins (yes, I timed it). I do in fact have pictures of the food that I had (I'm an IGer, so I love posting pics of when I go out to eat), but sadly, I was just too embarrassed to post what I had ordered. One thing this place can do to enhance the experience is (as rude as it sounds), fire the young sushi chef. Taking 30 minutes to prepare 5 orders of salmon and super white tuna is just ridiculous, and he only prepared it in the last 5 minutes of the 30 minute wait. I was just absolutely infuriated. If I had a choice, I wouldn't just walked right out of there without paying. Because I felt like I didn't get the service that I was going to pay for. Even when I was insistent and kind, asking if its almost done, he would constantly say yes, but id be stuck waiting another 10 mins. The things I order takes a maximum of 5 minutes to make. Its nothing that requires the oven, all thats needed is knife skills and rice and of course the fish (i mostly order nigiri). Heres how they can afford such a cheap price... The longer you wait for each order, the fuller you get (it takes like 15 minutes for your stomach to send the necessary signals to the brain on how full you really are), the fish to rice ratio is completely off, instead of 1/2 rice to 1/2 fish, its more like 3/4 rice to 1/4 fish, and the staff purposely give you 'free samples' of menu items that you don't even want, then, if you don't eat it, you're charged extra. Will I go back? Only if I am really craving my sushi fix. But whether or not they have 1 customer in there, or 100, it will take them forever to get your food ready and served. There were a few times that there were only 4 customers in there (including me) and it still took them 15 mins to make 4 orders of salmon and 4 orders of super white tuna. What were they busy doing? Having a complimentary glass of beer on tap (with their new beer on tap price included in the Deluxe price), laughing, joking around, and having a jolly good time. I'm all for having happy employees, but happy customers are a little more important ;D This place seems to be under new management, but nothing has improved. Just an addition of an extremely charismatic manager/sushi chef. Usually going out to eat sushi is a fun, enjoyable experience. But here at Tokyo Sushi house, its an anxiety/anger filled experience as I am constantly waiting insane amount of time for some rolls and nigiri that are stuffed with rice and very little fish.Overall:Go here if you live close by and don't have another $25 to spare for another sushi restaurant. Don't expect speedy service. Only go here if you too need your sushi fix. Don't expect a ton of fish, expect the amount of fish to look wimpy, and the amount of rice to look hefty. Here, customers aren't number one, customers are second or third. If Tokyo Sushi is reading this, My advice: Fire the young sushi chef kid. He isnt experienced enough to make orders fast, neat and properly. It took him 30 mins before I got my 5 orders of salmon and super  white tuna and another 10 mins for 2 hawaiian rolls. The rolls themselves looked extremely poorly made, as if a 12 year old made it (an inexperienced 12 year old). get someone experienced, like that elderly man who was fired or quit. My family and I have brought your business a lot of customers (back in the day; we've actually brought you 20 returning customers who eat there every so often)
5	So I was really skeptical about coming here since there's many people being negative on here, but I tried it for myself and I have to say I am very impressed and sometimes yelp reviews are complete lies! Great quality, customer service, energetic crew and let's not forget to mention how delicious the sushi was! Don't be fooled by these negative people, TRY THIS PLACE OUT :)
4	This place is right by my house. All you can eat sushi and drinks for$ 24.99. Great deal!! Sapporo and sake included. We had the Cali crunch, spider roll, fire cracker, salmon lovers, spicy edamame, tuna carpaccio and ahi poke crisps all for $56!!!! We will definately be back! There are new owners. We had a great time
