4	Red Rock Casino opened in early April and they are still doing a lot of construction - even adding in residential condos..  It's not located on the strip but can easily rival the likes of the Wynn and Caesar's Palace as being one of the nicest and coolest hotels/resorts/casino types.   Most of the attraction in this place is the cool ambiance.. When you enter, you don't feel like you're in Vegas anymore.  The decor is impeccable.. good lines, good feng shui.. lounge techno in the background.  You definitely feel 100 times more relaxed than being on the busy bustling strip.  The pool and the cabanas are heaven sent.  And the rooms are impressive.  A plasma screen tv in the bedroom and a mini version by the bathtub!   I'm hoping to share this place next spring with a few of my friends, as my fiance and I are attempting to throw a wedding here.  Hopefully I can add a star for the customer service.  Check back soon.. I'll have updates.
2	Red Rock Casino Resort Spa opened its doors in April of this year.  With much excitement and anticipation, this resort holds a lot of promise.  Famous celebrities have already been spotted laying out by the pool at this off the strip casino hotel.So, imagine my surprise when I walked around the casino and saw this - a food court.  Yes, a food court that reminds me of the mall!  This higher end hotel with thousand dollar paintings everywhere has a food court!  Now, I think this food court lessens the value of the grandeur of a hotel.  I mean, there are some expensive restaurants and then you have a food court!This food court has a Fatburger, Panda Express, Villa Pizza, Starbucks, Ben & Jerry's Ice Cream, Rubio's Fresh Mexican Grill, Capriotti's Sandwich Shop and Tropical Smoothie Caf.I don't know, I'm just not vibing on the food court at a nice hotel.  Sure, other hotels have a few fast food restaurants.  But this hotel has a food court!  That kills me! Yuck(This review was listed under their food court posting - but somehow got moved to the actual hotel and resort listing.)
4	For a legal LV resident is it a Yelp faux pas to review a major casino franchise? Well, I'm throwing caution to the wind at the risk of not keepin' it Gangsta and reviewing The Red Rock Casino, because it's kinda rad.  A few months back I got to live a dream at the hotel and photograph some scantily clad Escorts for a friend. I found that the rooms are really nice; the view of Red Rock Canyon is amazing. I digress. The Salt Lick BBQ joint is really good. Not your real deal hole in the wall joint where granny is in the back making a fresh batch of sweet tea but a very good chain / commercial type of joint. They have a really yummy steak stuffed mushroom App that our friend from Cali still talks about... I hear the Oyster Bar is exceptionally good too.   The Feast Buffet is bombdotcom and it's quirky. See, I noticed the Asian section has Sushi along with some Japanese salads. The Chinese section has your typical General Tso's chicken, fried Wontons, etc. The American section has it's typical fair of beef brisket, chicken wings, Mac n Cheese. The Italian section has a variety of Pizzas, Stromboli and the like... OK you get the point here's the quirkiness, it's "the international section" this is where the Mexican food is located. How weird is that?  Where is the Rev Al Sharpton or the annoying mind of Mencia? The long and the short of it is this Buffet is top notch and is the caliber of one that should be on the strip sans the exorbitant price. By the way I broke a man law and ate the salad bar at the buffet. The vegetables are fresh and there's an adequate amount.BUFFET PRICES:Breakfast:Monday - Friday: 8am - 11am$8.99 per person or $7.99 with BP CardSaturday & Sunday, Champagne Brunch: 8am - 4pm$18.99 per person or $16.99 with BP CardLunch:Monday - Friday: 11am - 4pm$10.99 per person or $9.99 with BP CardDinner:Monday - Thursday: 4pm - 10pm$17.99 per person or $15.99 with BP CardFriday - Saturday: 4pm - 11pmSunday: 4pm - 10pm$18.99 per person or $16.99 with BP Card  When the joint first opened they played really cool down tempo house music, those days are gone, but the music doesn't annoy me. They have a really cool day of the dead inspired slot machine; it's by the buffet. The graphics are so cool I don't mind losing money to it. I since discovered the Hexbreaker. The pool is typical over the top Vegas but all in all this place is tasteful. The mountain landscape was in mind with the aesthetics of the architecture this makes me feel like I'm walking around a spot straight outta some cool architecture magazine. The really nice perks are the fact that it's crowded but you don't get the sense of it being on the strip crowded. Also, I'm a really annoying non-smoker and this place doesn't choke me out.
5	This place is all about one thing: pampering.I am a stress ball. I am a perfectionist who has a very stressful job that lives in the middle of one of the busiest cities in the country. I am almost always stressed. To get me to relax is a feat unto itself.Of course we were running late to our appointment, so I rolled in totally stressed out & expecting to get reprimanded. To my surprise, everyone is more than accommodating. The spa itself (and the casino & hotel) are gorgeous. I was shocked to find myself relaxing just by being in that environment.Their locker room was lush & full of lounges & a sink area to freshen up. The whirlpools and saunas were just the right temperature and there was water, juice & fresh fruit wherever you went.The woman who did my facial was a master. My skin was glowing after-wards and she went the extra mile to make sure I was relaxed and comfortable throughout the treatment.When all was said and done, I really did not want to leave.
4	I attended a conference at this hotel. I was kind of miffed that it was not near the strip... until I got there. This hotel is beautiful. The guest rooms are big and well decorated, the tub is large and deep (with a TV for in-tub viewing), and the sheets are terrific. The food (both restaurant and catered for the conference) was fantastic, and there is a Starbucks on site. And I won $120 in the slot machines.So why only 4 stars, you ask? I wanted to check in online for my flight home and print my boarding pass. They wanted to charge me $6 to use their computer and printer. When I explained that I had my own laptop and just needed to plug the printer in to print one page, the woman told me they charge $10 to hook up to the printer. For 30 seconds and one piece of paper. It was ridiculous. But otherwise, really great hotel.
4	Ok so what makes this place great....It's got a great view of the mountains. It's got enough parking!....There's the Salt Lick, Terra Rosa, and some of the better buffets stations has to offer. The Sand Bar - where they have concerts....I saw Damon Marley there. The view of the Vegas Valley.....The movie theatres are so nice and clean. The new slots. Capriotti's in a casino! Oh Ben and Jerry's - the guy let me make my own mix of ice cream to create my own flavor. Yea creativity comes a long way. I haven't stayed in any of the rooms yet but my friend is getting a room for his birthday in April....Definitely can't wait because I heard the website doesn't do the rooms any justice!
4	This place rocked my world, pun intended.Here's why:1. Off the dirty, nasty, loud strip2. It's new (opened April 06)3. Big rooms with nice amenities (flat screen 42 inch HDTV, TV in the bath to watch while in the tub, great linens, decent toiletries)4. The casino isn't overly smoky- 5. Great little fitness center6. Good variety of restaurants, with a sushi place on the horizon7. FREE shuttle to and from airportOther than tix to the Blue Man Group (which SUCKED), we had no reason to venture to the strip.From now on, this will be my Vegas destination!***UPDATE*** 3-23-08Just returned from my second stay at the Red Rock. Great!= Even better because it was comped! No complaints, except that they didn't refill our "mini-bar" the entire 3 nights we stayed there. Which is actually a piss poor move on their part as they could have increased their revenue from us exponentially!
4	What a great idea! Put a resort far away from the strip and everything that you could ever want at anytime of the day or night all in one location???!!! It's a total luxury to walk into this place and not be inundated with cigarette smoke. The room has great space and a bathtub that you can practically swim in.  The pool area was great. Sun from every angle and space- lots of space. One negative, maid-service showing up at 8:30 on Sunday morning- who gets up at 8:30 am in Vegas?
4	Red Rock is prob'ly most ideal for non-first time visitors to Vegas (you should still stay on the Strip, if you've never been), or for attending special events such as conferences and weddings (which is what i went for). it's super new so it gives off that clean modern feel - nice rooms, nice pool, a food court with some 24 hour options, as well as a 24 hour bowling alley, just for randomness' sake. it's so new that there's still tons of construction going on around the property, which does detract from the resort atmosphere. unfortunately, part of the construction is in the pool area, so it wasn't quite as large as what some Vegas frequenters may be accustomed to. but the orange and red-cushioned chairs are great and it's just so much less cramped and crowded than your average resort pool.the hotel itself is also quite maneuverable, unlike most of the huge maze-like casinos one is accustomed to; and you can actually hang out there without feeling like it's JUST a casino too. main drawback is it's still 30-40 min from the Strip so again, wouldn't recommend it if you want to spend most of your time hotel/casino-hopping.
5	This is absolutely one of my most favorite places in the world! Red Rock is a gem in the middle of the desert. I loved my stay at Red Rock. The pool is fabulous, the rooms are beautiful and this resort has so much to offer. There's a movie theater, bowling alley, wonderful restaurants, bars, lounges, a nightclub (Cherry), live entertainment and so much more.They also have a full-service salon and spa and a small fitness center with probably everything you need to get a good workout.Red Rock is highly recommended! I can't wait until my next stay there!!!
5	As a long time east side, I rarely make it to Summerlin to see my friends let alone go to have some fun there. Well, this past two days I have been in utter bliss in the confines of Red Rock. We stayed there and did everything that the place had to offer for the past two days. Here is what I have to say1. The rooms are gorgeous2. The service is impeccable, turn down service with chocolates and the remote and the weather report for the next day all lay ed out for you he he3. the view is so fantastic4. the front desk staff is by far the most knowledgeable and friendly I have come across, never mind that this is a locals hotel. AMAZING5. they have two Starbucks6. the grounds are so unbelievably beautiful, i think i shed a tear for my lack of interior design skillsI will go back again and again and again!!!!!Thank you to David and Paul for your amazing service!
4	Updated: June 15th 2008 - Finally stayed at Red Rock for the weekend. I have to say, I like it a lot. Super comfy beds, really smooth styling of the rooms and overall hotel interior. Nice pools and accommodations. I still think the slots are fun. And the food court really is a nice thing to have when you're craving an ice cold Coke and fries at 2am. - The Spa: I had the aromatherapy massage with Suki and she's a great therapist. Everything she did helped to ease the tension in my body and release the night before's fatigue and sludge. I liked the amenities, especially the spa guest-only pool. Next time, I'll have to get there earlier and enjoy those features longer.Original review (7.9.2007):Hotels are moving away from the strip, and I like it. The Red Rock casino was good to look at. Packed this past weekend, with a good mix of crowds. Slots weren't paying but we still had a good time. The pool looked awesome, but wasn't staying there, but hope to, but rates are a bit steep, but sometimes, you just gotta splurge and do it. Do it.
5	I highly recommend the Red Rock Hotel in general -- even if it is quite a ways off the strip, you definitely won't be disappointed with your experience here.  If you're a poker player, you have the opportunity to get VERY lucky... the general caliber of the regular players at this poker room is lower than say, the players at the Bellagio, but still with all of the play-diminishing ego (especially the locals).  I really do love this hotel.  It's fancy without being pretentious and it's big without being gargantuan.
5	07/13/2007Red Rock earns my highest rating.Modern and elegant design. The pool area has multiple pools so you don't feel you are packed in one tiny pool like Paris on the strip. Restaurants serve quality foods especially Terra Rossa. One of the best italian pasta I ever eat but the price is so reasonable. The raw oyster at Tides are so fresh and delicious and the mahi wrap is definitely worth sampling. Don't forget spending time at the Red Rock canyon which is a few miles away from the hotel. Service is also top of my list.
5	I love this place!  I'm no gambler so I don't go into the casino.  I like the place for its sophisticated decor, really.  They've changed some of the furniture in the lounge downstairs but I still like it, and the dance club (where Zowie Bowie appears to be the house band) is fun to visit. I would definitely bring all of my friends here.
5	Okay I just got back from the red rock and I am in love  the pool is awesome and our suite was gorgeous!!!!  Granted it was a suite but I did happen to glance the regular rooms and they looked cool as well. Best hotel hands down. We had a beautiful cabana at the cherry pool (which is adults only) and great service. The hotel is built reminiscent of the great rat pack days. No rift raft here because it is not on the strip right across from a little shopping area if you need anything. And close enough to taxi it to shows and the strip it you want to. I highly recommend it!
5	I love the Red Rock.  Prior to the Red Rock Casino, the Green Valley Ranch (GVR) (see: http://www.yelp.com/biz/6kkxRV8H9SQLybj0xnEbMw ) in Henderson, NV was my favorite off the Strip destination.  The Red Rock is modern and sophisticated.  I believe the Red Rock is part of the Station Casino group and to me it's the Crown Jewel of all of their resorts and casinos.I had a chance to stay in two different rooms earlier in 2007, a Standard Room and a Suite.  My Standard Room was comped and was very nice except for:1) I asked for a non-smoking room and got smokers room.2) I got a Handicapped shower stall instead of a Bathtub.3) The Flatscreen TV in the bathroom was not working.I ended up waiting for over a half an hour on the phone with different people at the front desk being put on hold or transferred then dropped, when I finally got in touch with the hotel manager.  She promptly upgraded us to a Suite for the next couple of days.  In anycase, I'm amazed and impressed at the level of detail they put into their rooms.  The rooms are so luxurious you aren't compelled to leave.  Note:  This is a historical review and while the details are fuzzy this Resort made a great first impression.  Now, I'm spending another week in Vegas for a Wedding Reception at the Santa Fe Station (see: ) and a work related convention at the Mandalay Bay, while staying at THEhotel (see: ).If you're looking for an off off-the-strip location, Red Rock Casino should be first on your list!
5	Easily my fav casino in Vegas.  The aesthetic, choice of restaurants, low limit games and the pool area at Cherry among other things make it so great along with the best bowling alley in Vegas!!
4	if you ever stray off the main thoroughfare in vegas, head west on charleston and the 215. you'll find yourself at the red rock casino, the best casino off the strip!! it's simply designed , beautiful adorned, and amply tabled with a variety of places to eat (hell's kitchen, 2nd season winner) and amusement for the kids (including bowling, games, and movies).  -- stars based on category, not food
1	I had the worst hotel customer service experience of my life at Red Rock on Thanksgiving. They gave away our room (which was reserved and confirmed with a credit card).  We arrived at 6 pm on Thanksgiving night and our room was gone. We were offered a smoking room (no way) and treated terribly by the hotel desk staff.  They were rude, arrogant and just expected us to take whatever they offered up.  They didn't offer us even a token to make up for their mistake.  We walked out and stayed at the Marriott.  Don't stay here.  They don't appreciate your business.
4	A sweet little self-sustained palace of fun off the strip, I maybe don't hate that we're having a meeting here next year.  The design of the place is gorgeous and very fun, and it's just not quite so VEGAS-y as the rest of the strip.  I understand that this is more of a "locals" casino.  But with a spa, a movie theatre, a bowling alley, and plenty of dining, drinking and dancing options (even a wee tiny bit of overpriced shopping), I don't know what else you could want.  I mean if you had to be stranded in a hotel for a week, I'd recommend Red Rock where you most likely wouldn't have time to get bored.  ** update **The rooms are fab and those suites?!  Crazy.  From "ooh nice" to "WOW, really?" to "OMFG, you have got to be kidding me" - both in price and design (someone please bring me to stay a week in the two bedroom ones that have their own little patio deck with hot tub, mini cabana, bar, etc. - I promise to love you forever; oh and since we're here anyway spending crazy amounts of money - maybe we can rent out one of the private bowling alleys, kthx.).  The pool area was great too, and everything is laid out so well so it's aesthetically pleasing from just about every angle (see the rooms that look down onto the pool as an example, or the view of Red Rock at sunset in the reflection of the glass in the meeting space).  If I could afford it, I would definitely stay here.
5	WARNING: this is going to be a very long review....but it's also gonna be hella useful (and you might as well throw in a "cool" and "funny" too....okay, maybe not funny.)Ever since some of my cousins moved to Vegas, we very rarely go to the strip.  I honestly couldn't tell you the last time I stepped foot on the strip.  Do I care?  Heck no!  I hate crowds, I don't party, and I'm not a big gambler.  Those are all the reasons why you'd go to the strip anyway.  What I love about having family in Vegas is they can tell you all the local hot spots.  The Red Rock is definitely one of them.  We came here last year when it first opened and it was wonderful.  I love the round set up of the casino floor/bars/club.  This past weekend, we booked a few rooms here to have an early Christmas at my cousin's house.  I wish I was here for more than one night.  Are you ready?  Here's what they have:- "Cherry" nightclub (multi-level), 7 bars, 1 lounge- Food Court including: Fatburger, 2 Starbucks, Rubios, Panda Express, Ben & Jerry- Restaurants including something Japanese, Mexican, Italian, Grand Cafe (http://www.yelp.com/user_details_review_search?userid=E4UUqPlwClhSZ_JaRHvXPQ&q=grand+cafe), T-Bone Chophouse (which my cousin said was excellent), Feast Buffet, and............an Oyster Bar.  The Oyster Bar is beautiful and unique.- Spa with prices higher than Burke Williams- "Adventure Spa" services including: horseback riding, ranger tours, guided hikes, rock climbing, bike tours and river rafting- Regal Cinemas...........yes, a movie theatre- 24 hour bowling alley.............are you kidding me?  Freakin' awesome!- Arcade for the kidsThe rooms.........ultra modern.  I love the chocolate brown/green combination.  (Other rooms had white/brown combinations).  It also had:- $12.99 internet/day- Huge flat screen in the room...mini flat screen at the end of the tub- Comfy couches, chairs, beds, benches at the end of each bed- Bose alarm clock which was already playing for us as we entered- Door Bell!  A freakin'doorbell!- I sat in the tub.  It went as high as my shoulders and I had room at the end of my feet.- The only thing I could say is it could use a larger shower.  - Careful if you end up getting drunk in your room.  There is a fully censored mini-bar.  If you remove an item for more than 45 seconds, it will charge your credit card.  You'll end up taking home an intimacy kit for your fiance, like my cousin did.  The hotel is just beautiful.  I love the giant red doors (at the main lobby) that you could see in to.  The hallways leading to the rooms are decorated and lit with a bit of a dizzying effect but are beautiful.  The doors to the rooms are in their own little hallway which is awesome so you can't hear the crazy drunkards plowing down the hallway.  There's free bottled water and apples at the check in counter.  They have heat lamps outside as you're waiting for the valet.  The valets.......super nice (some females too), as are the bell guys.  A standard room (two queen beds) is plenty of room for 4 people (except maybe the closet).  For $160 on the Saturday before Christmas, I'd say that's a great deal.  Yes.....it is 20 minutes away from the strip, but I don't need the strip (or the crowds), and you shouldn't either when there are plenty of other great spots, like the Red Rock Casino~Resort~Spa.(ROTD #1)
3	If you've got a couple of hours to kill, go see I am Legend here on the Imax.  Before you can go in you can try your luck playing Airplane Landing Video Game (75 cents, very weird and not many controls) or Stack the blocks up together game ($2 each play) but you have the chance to win an Xbox.  I didn't win the Xbox but had gambled away $6 before I realized that I wasn't going to win.  But isn't it more like not having enough skill, not gambling really?  What's the difference?  Did you know an Imax movie costs $14.75?Otherwise this place is like all the other casinos but with tall ceilings.  High ceilings, whatever you're not going to hurt your head if you jump
5	I am grateful that I was able to stay in this hotel for one night.I love everything I experienced in this hotel. It's ways from the strip, but with good reason. You really don't have to leave to enjoy yourself.Room service was exceptionally fast and more than satisfactory. The staff is VERY friendly, and if there is anything you need, all you have to do ask and be assured it will be taken care of.Eating at the T-bone Chophouse was very delicious and fulfilling. I had the following:-28 oz Bone in ribeye-two sides of french fries and corn-a Corona with limeI loved the swimming pool because it was very spacious (even for an off-strip attraction) and had many staff on hand to assist you with anything. Blackjack near the pool was very entertaining, as the dealers out in the pool area were very friendly (and attractive). The bartenders near the tables also make a mean mojito that allowed me to unwind and enjoy myself. The poker room is very clean and the seats are comfortable. Dealers are friendly and have not misdealt a hand I played while I was on the table. Most players there are there to have fun and don't break out with obscenities when they lose hands.I really wish I got to stay longer because this hotel is very lovely. I usually just book a hotel to sleep in and wake up, but this hotel makes me want to shell out the dough for the experience. You will not go wrong staying here.
5	I'm a sucker for VIP treatment...even if it only means I get to have access to elevators that not everyone gets to ride.  The fact that I had a special card to activate them made it even better.  Add to that the two girls who begged me to let them ride down to the lobby with me one morning.  Actually, I would have enjoyed that last one more if I were a guy...or bi-sexual.  Oh well.VIP elevators aside, the decor and ambiance of this hotel is peaceful and lush.  Strange for Las Vegas.  My hotel room felt like an oasis in the desert.  The orange, brown and green tones were calming.  The large, flat screen TV and marbled bathroom were luxurious.  The bed was plush.  The mini bar was...fun.  It included unusual items like an Intimacy Kit as well as a Throw-away Camera.The restaurants and dining overall were also great.  I was impressed that Hachi has a sake sommelier.  Try the sparkling blueberry sake.  It is sneaky evil and highly alcoholic.Most of all, the lack of a casino feeling was nice.  The hotel was a hotel.  The casino had to be sought out.  Plus the swanky pools, bowling alley complete with 80's videos and movie theatre give this resort an A+ in my book.
5	The non-profit I work for held their Annual Meeting here at the Red Rock for 4 days in February 2008 and I absolutely loved everything.  I, like others was bothered initially that it was so far from the strip (as in a $53 taxi ride to the strip) and had planned to take the free shuttle to the strip every day.  That was until I got there.  The aesthetics of the Hotel are modern and chic and just a beautiful place to stay with tons of attention to the small details that really make a difference.  The offering of restaurants for a hotel so far from everything was impressive (see my reviews).  They offered everything from fat burger to upscale dining.  The casino is nice as are the cinema and bowling alley.The amenities in the room were great, 42" plasma TV, Bose radio, extra deep tub with a flat screen TV in front of it.  The furnishings in the room match the hotel and are sleek and modern.I highly recommend this hotel if you want a quiet, relaxed or romantic place to stay.  If you are looking for masses of people, guys trying to hand you coupons for titty bars and the such, then by all means stay at the strip and have fun!
5	We visit Vegas from time to time because my dad gets free rooms to a lot of the hotels. Red Rock happens to be one of them.Red Rock is so far number one in my book. Their lobby has this wonderful Chandelier and underneath it is a very lovely grand piano.their staff is super nice. their rooms are the best rooms i have ever seen. but be careful when you head over to the mini bar in the room.. if you lift something up you automatically get charged.tho its far from the strip and not being 21 yet (I'm only 20) there's nothing to do at the hotel but swim and go around the expensive shops. ooh did i mention there's a Starbucks located on the same level as the shops (casino level next to the elevators)they also have this really good cafe. my friend and i hung out there and ate dessert and talked for about 3 hours and they didn't once complain to us. i cant wait till we go back to this wonderful hotel.
5	Well, after the last visit here I found that I needed to be back in town for a wedding.  I was thinking of giving Red Rock a call, and they must've known I was thinking of them as they called me first and offered a comped stay.  Nice!  I received top notch service, and the rooms are quite killer.  Bathroom walls lined with dark stitched leather, LCDTV hanging over the oversized bathtub, super comfortable beds, and a killer view from the 19th floor.  The weather was hot, and their pool facilities are outstanding.  Nothing like sitting out by the pool with drink in hand to take your mind off of work stress stuff.  We're due back in town again come August and we'll be giving Red Rock a call again.Original Review 11/07/07:I've developed a love-hate relationship with this place over the last week.  First day, I was up a fairly decent amount.  Day 2, they took most of it back, and then I yoyo'd back up again.  Then the weekend came and I really donated towards their electric bill.  Yikes!  The service level was nice, and I was also able to scarf down a Fatburger with egg... nice!  Oh well, win some, lose some.  I'm fairly certain I have some comps coming my way so I'll most likely be back.
5	First thought that comes to mind about the Red Rock for me is "Wow."  Posh, luxurious in its own way, there are too many good adjectives to describe Station's finest casino in the land.  Its places like the Red Rock that will eventually lead people off the overrated strip and into places like this and Green Valley Ranch.Situated near the Red Rock Canyon, this secluded resort may seem far from a lot of things, but as a boutique resort, they have all the bases covered for people with all kinds of interest.  Ever since its expansion of the second tower at the end of 2006, the dramatic difference can be felt in the hotel's beautiful rooms and expanded convention space.This is a locals casino destination and becoming more and more popular by the day.  Virtually everything is great here, from the food to the pool to the relaxed casino.  Nightlife is decent with plenty of eye candy over at Cherry Nightclub and the trendy restaurants within the casino are great.  Suites are spacious, well decorated, and very comfortable.  And by comfortable, I mean probably one of the best beds I've ever slept in.Few resort properties like this have impressed me to the magnitude that Red Rock has.  This place has it all and is an ideal family destination with plenty of food options (larger food court), a fabulous theater, and probably one of the best bowling alleys in Vegas.  Comped players will enjoy their stay, in addition to the visitors who are just looking for a place to get away.  As one of Vegas' most underrated properties, the Red Rock is without a doubt one of the town's best.
5	When I bought my house in Summerlin, Red Rock was one of the reasons why I moved to the area.  From what I heard, this was the first billion dollar hotel/casino built off the strip, and it shows.  The place is just amazing!  I had been to Green Valley Ranch, but it seems like they classed it up a bit at Red Rock.The buffet is not amazing, but pretty decent and very well-priced for breakfast and lunch.  Their steakhouse is fantastic.  There's fast food restaurants if you don't want to spend much.I've played a lot of poker here, and their poker room is very well run.  They almost always have games going up to $2-$5 NL, and sometimes $5-$10 NL.  It's also the only poker room I've seen in town that has a bathroom right in the poker room, which is very much appreciated, though I wish they'd get some hot water in there.As a local, I am constantly getting offers in the mail for free gifts, slot play, or other promotions.  I'm sure Red Rock has gotten the better end of the money deal with my gambling having lost me some money, but it's nice to get something back at the end of the day.If I ever move out of Summerlin, I'll really miss this place.
5	This place is perfect if you want to get the excitement of Vegas w/o the craziness.  This place is far enough from the strip that the madness there doesn't follow so the stay here actually feels like a vacation. -Plan your day wisely around the shuttle bus schedule (unless if you rent a car)-Play bingo every night and bring your lucky color stampers.-Relax in the quiet pool, drink cocktail and remember your sun screen. -Gamble on the penny slots, go to nickels if you're feeling lucky. (the locals choose to play here for a reason!)
4	Within seconds of finally getting my brother moved into his new house.My first question is "where's the nearest  casino"? My brother said "Red Rock, five minutes east".Me: WTF??? Lets get going dude. LIKE NOW!!Him: Don't you want to take a shower first?Me: Do I stink?Him: No but you're kinda dusty and haggard looking.Me: Fuck you, this is my look.... I call it the "too old to give a rat's ass look", you don't approve?Him: Do I have a choice?Me: No now lets FUCKING GO. I have exactly 6 hours before I have to head to the airport.And that is how I got to check out the Red Rock. Nice fuckin place. I was kinda dirty yes but I fit in pretty well. Seems like a locals place. Maybe because it's so far off the strip. Maybe it's the time we went (early Monday).Lot's of  clueless Texas hold em players. Cocktail waitresses are quick as bunnies... which got me to thinkin "I wonder if they fuck like bunnies to" yet I digress. Thanks for you're hard earned money bitches.This place would rate 4 stars whether I won or lost. Others won't be so lucky in future reviews.
4	Update: Seemed that I heard more noise in my room than ever before (was on 14th floor, NOT near elevator). Don't know if people were louder, if there were more of them (people) or if I didn't sleep as soundly (not likely b/c I LOVE me some sleep). But, I still love me The Red Rock. Those comped rooms can't be beat!
4	It's Vanilla, but a gourmet Vanilla. 20 minutes away from the Strip, with local flavor typical of the Station Casino group, but with just the right amount of chocolate sprinkles to appeal to out-of-towners. Clean, awesome bars, surprisingly good eats at Tbones and even the cafe (love those huevos rancheros), and a great pool. Pool waitresses and girly lifeguards were surprisingly cute. If the Hardrock waitresses rate a 5, these girls are a solid 4, so loved the pool 'view' enough to stay and get a nasty sunburn.One thing I dislike about staying in the hotel, even if the rooms are awesome and outclass a lot of the Strip hotels, is the laundry service. They don't have an inhouse laundry service, so there are few flexibilities with rush jobs that I'm willing to pay up for. They use a 3rd party service that picks up and returns the next day. This was pretty inconvenient for me since I had a bunch of smelly shirts I wanted laundered in order to go out and party...... ended up just heading into Saks and buying more, making my return trip to LA a pain in the ass since my suitcase was about to burst from the seams.Other than that, a great getaway spot in Vegas, though I probably won't want to stay here again, as I prefer the Strip. I will make exceptions for partying there though..... very hot crowd on good party nights.
4	Forget the pool party at the Hard Rock, it's all about the Red Rock Sat. night pool party.  When My friend mentioned it I wasn't sure if I'd be able to deal w/ a bunch of bikini clad bimbo's.  Ya know,  the plastic bunch...It wasn't anything like that, in fact, It was really relaxing, roomy, and non-pretentious.The band playing was Slash's Blues Ball band.  The crowd was in their late 20's to early 40's and the vibe was very laid back and chill.  The Red Rock is the perfect little get away from the strip.  Next time you get an escape from the strip grab your honey and a back pack and head down to the Red Rock for a little get away!
5	If you are looking for a resort off The Strip then look  no further. The property itself is a masterpiece from the opulent lobby to the VIP services which my friend and I were afforded. I had stayed in a two room suite in my prior trip to Vegas and could not stop talking about it when I was there last year. This time around, I was given the chance to party, on the 4th no less, at a hosted penthouse suite. Apparently the hotel uses this suite to comp high rollers at an expense of $15K/night to the property. Check out the pictures for more...
4	3.75- pretty nice, I must sayConsidering this place is off the strip, and in fact, not too close to it, I kind of expected this casino to be like the shadier casinos you'd see downtown (in the Fremont exp.).  Dead wrong.  This place was in fact pretty happening.  I'm not sure how old RR is, but the place looked relatively new.Like most casinos, this place had a bar, lounge and club (look for my lounge review by itself).  In addition to that, they had a food court, buffet, and fine dining.  The restaurant inside this hotel, is the one where the Hell's Kitchen winner from season 3 (aptly named Rock) works.  Though we didn't try the place, it looked pretty nice.The place had a mix of people coming in and out, and I was actually surprised to see quite a bit of younger people as I strolled through, granted most of them were going to the bars/lounges/clubs.  This place definitely seemed to be at least a step or two above any casino down town.I would recommend this to someone who is looking for a classy Vegas exp. without all the crowds.
5	I will admit I walked into Red Rock thinking I was not going to be blown away. BUT I WAS!!!!!! Here's why:1.) Their spa rocks!! Got a great massage, they even heated the towel that goes under my neck and heated my robe so I would be comfy after my massage LOVE IT!! Even loved the little q-tip packets and disposable face sponges/wipes, we're perfect! But my favorite was the circular velvet changing area, so if you do not want to be naked in front of all the women in the spa, you can have some privacy!!! 2.) I WON $400...WHOO HOOO!!!! (I liked the newer slot machine too that told me how much I won, I didn't have to pull out my cell phone, search for the calculator and multiply 1600 X  $0.25! LMAO!!3.) BOWLING ALLEY, MOVIE THEATER, CHILD CARE (yeah I wouldn't use it, but hey they offer it) and FOOD COURT ALL ON THE SAME FLOOR, ALL IN WALKIN DISTANCE..you don't have to walk ALL OVER A CASINO LIKE THE BIGGER (and sometimes nastier) ONES!!So yeah I was surprisingly IMPRESSED!! WILL BE BACK, GIMME MO MONEY RED ROCK!! WHOO HOOO!!
5	Been here numerous times and I still keep coming back to this resort. It has the resort feel that you don't get on any hotel on the strip. Gambling there is very spaceous with a nice modern decor. Tables are cheap also. $10 min pai gow tables. Many resturants to choose from and a nice size sports book. HA!! They also got a 20 plex movie theater, large bingo room and a freaking bowling lane.I got comped rooms there and I must have to say, their just like any fancy room at the W Hotel. Flat plasma tv with a very nice down comforter over the bed to lay in. Restrooms have a tub in it with a small tv to relax while wacthing tv.Overall : Highly recommend giving this a place a visit!
4	The Feast buffet had a large selection. Most of the foods were high quality and fresh.  I particurlary liked their fried rice, lychees, and tomato salad.  The meats were not their strongpoint, the roast was dry.  The duck and roast chicken were tender but had little flavor.  The desserts here were particulary good for the Feast Buffet line.  I liked the mango chocolate cup and the bread pudding.  It's a very pretty space and easy to navigate.
5	Freakin awesome, for Vegas.Rooms are top notch.  Best in town.Room service is marginal at best.  Don't order breakfast if you have to be anywhere before noon.Fitness center is very nice.  Spa is AWESOME.
5	I went here when it first opened a few years ago, because I have family about a mile away.  After that lunch at Tides Oyster Bar and a brief walk around, I was hooked.  My boyfriend and I have been there 3 times since and will be going back for our 4th.  DO NOT stay here if you want the strip experience or a casino crowded with inflows and outflows of tourists.  Although we did take the Red Rock shuttle to and from (drunk) the strip one day, it was very easy.  DO stay here if you want superb dining (although I would recommend Hachi, T Bones and Tides over Terra Rossa), hip and well appointed rooms, great pool area with attentive cabana service, fantastic spa, a few choices for nightlife.  My favorite things: the spa is expansive and TIP - has it's own small pool area where you can lounge and order food from the room service menu before or after your treatments, it even has bathing suit dryers in the changing rooms.  T Bones measures up to all the best places I have eaten in SF, NY, and worldwide - very fresh ingredients and superb service.  Start at what we call the "circle bar" which I'm sure has a name but is a giant circle in the middle of the casino floor, move to Cherry.  TIP - either go for the bottle service (love the cocktail waitresses they are so nice and very good at what they do) or stop by the front desk and plead your case for a comp pass.  If there is one and only one thing that irks me sometimes it is the pompous bouncers at the Cherry door.  Sometimes the place isn't even that crowded, and they don't care how good you look  or how much you are spending at the hotel, so save yourselves the headache and get passes if possible.  There is a Rubios and a Fatburger in the food court!!!  I have not been to Cherry Pool (am I getting old?) but I love the main pool especially the cabanas and Doug is my #1 favorite host.I could go on and on, but seriously if you are looking for a hip but not pretentious place to stay with amazing food, accommodations, service, and entertainment - do yourself a favor and stay at Red Rock.
5	Legit. Probably the best place to play when you want to avoid the strip and get to know some of the friendlier vegas locals. It's been remodeled with a really nice interior, being modern and comfortable helps you not notice a lot of the crackheads and alcoholics you see at the other local joints.The poker room is run very well, great place to play hold 'em and blackjack. The food is really cheap and the drinks are strong. They even have a movie theater. It's rad, period. I've been coming for a while and it's get better every visit. The fact I've been lucky enough to win here doesn't make me biased, just well informed. Get off the strip and try something different in Vegas, check out some of the surrounding video poker bars in the area if you are a drinker.
5	Dear Monte Carlo,Now this is what I'm talkin about! Sincerly,LWStaying on the strip definitely has its advantages BUT Red Rock had more AND surpassed my high expectations in every way.  Modern, sexy decor, the friendliest staff I have ever encountered, the most amazing meal to be had in LV along with 5 star superb service, a rockin room and XXL bathtub along with that cozy hotel robe and slippers, a so cool pool and outdoor bar with poker tables, an IMAX theater, a shiny new bowling alley, spa ( I didn't visit....YET), a Cherry nightclub, a personal Bentley to drive while you're staying, a new wardrobe and a Hermes bag!!  OMG!....That was me getting carried away and embellishing, but really it's marvelous and I know you'll heart it as much as I did.
5	It isnt on the strip but it is awesome~~buffet is also very good and cheap~~
2	This review applies ONLY to the spa.  For such a well designed place, I was floored how pathetic it was run. First. the staff are the dumbest loosers ever to set foot in a spa. The are rude, intrusive, and clueless about why people are there. Plus the mens stream room always smells like mildew. And their response to my repeated complaints "They all do that."  Retards, go check out some of the real spas in town and use some damn disinfectant.  And the masseuses (Ive used 3) were all sub-par.   Plus the spa charges 50$, the most expensive spa fee in town. Right.....go somewhere else for a good relaxing day.....
3	I've one by one used all their amenities with out ever having stayed here. Haven't experienced the rooms yet. I live close to Red Rock, so there's always something Red Rock provides. I think the first time I went to Red Rock was for a Damian Marley concert at the pool. The pool was okay. It was brand new, so facilities were tip top and sparkly. We didn't get to swim, of course. There was nothing special about the setup. There was nothing stupid about it either. My second trip to RR was for the spa. My cousin and I each got $100 gift certificates for the spa. We cashed out the gift certificates and paid another $35 out of pocket for 50-min Swedish massages. The service was friendly and they have so much amenities to take advantage of. When we went, we went early in the day, hit up the gym, showered, got our massages, hit up the mineral pool, sauna, and steam room, and chilled by the pool for the rest of the day and ordered creme brulee and chocolate-dipped strawberries from room service. The only con was that the property was so new and they were doing construction close to the spa. This, of course won't be a problem anymore as they're done with construction. But had I thought about that, I would've postponed my massage for a few months. Idiot. Hachi is cool. Although (and I'm gonna get really art fag here) the art and decor is effing dumb and inconsistent. They have this huge wall with a picture of a girl with a fat tattoo on her back. Dude. I see that picture all the time on stock imagery. Lame number one. Then they have this huge wall with Murakami wall paper (the pink one with the eyeballs). Which doesn't seem like its there because it adds to the decoration. It seems like its there because its a Murakami. The food is good. Expensive. I've been to Salt Lick, but I feel its unfair to review it if I don't eat meat (much). I think I had the salmon. Which was not memorable. I guess I'll just say The Salt Lick is inappropriate for vegetarians. Haha, if you didn't figure that from the name of the restaurant. I've also hit up the bowling alley, movies, and nightclub, Cherry. There's nothing special to be said about any of these places. Bowling alley has bowling balls, movies has movies, and Cherry has overpriced drinks. BUT! The food court has Capriotti's and Ben & Jerry's. And that rocks. There's always ample parking. Besides the big flat lot on the north, there's also to big parking structures, one on the east, one on the west side of the property. The gestalt of the casino is pretty gaudy. But they do cater to the richy riches of Summerlin. * off the strip
4	Gorgeous resort.  A few months back I went with gfriends to play Bingo.  Wow what a beautiful bingo hall and they actually have a closed off room for the smokers which were a plus.  The bingo is a little on the pricier side but with a group of gals to kill the time it was well worth it.  Unfortunately none of us won but we had fun.  You can get free drinks at the bar and you have access to a plush restroom right inside.  We also enjoyed a pre bingo drink at the round middle bar in the casino.  T-Ho even made googly eyes with the bartender who was super nice and schooled us on different long island drinks to try.  The grateful dead and the texas tea were awesome.  I would love to stay here one day and also try the BBQ restaurant on site.  This resort is FAR FAR away from the airport and strip, you will definately need a car rental and good directions to get there cause we just kinda stumbled upon it.  Oh and we walked thru the bowling alley, another top notch spot.  Beautiful and big and super modern.  I guess this is a one stop shop place if you stay here, no need to go anywhere else.
4	The Red Rock Resort is wonderful. I know how some locals are against having casinos in their neighborhoods but I feel Red Rock Resort has turned out to be a great addition. My husband and I go to see Zowie Bowie at the Rock Lounge with some friends and always have a good time. There are still some lounge acts out  there that are worth the time to sit and listen. These two are worth it. And they are...nice to look at too.Also, I will admit I like to bowl and the lanes at the Red Rock are a fun place to hang out with some friends, drinks some beers and hopefully hit some pins. Local or not I would say try out the Red Rock Resort.
5	Back for our meeting and I still cannot get over the amazing use of rock in the design of this place.  It really is stellar.  And I still want to take the chandeliers home with me.  So sparkly and wonderful!Our meeting has been an absolute breeze and all of our attendees are smitten.  The rooms are great, though if you're being eco-minded there are a few misses (they still take your towels even if you hang them; they leave lights on all over the joint whenever they come in, etc.)  I managed to get a humidifier from housekeeping too, though it isn't helping quite yet.  And while my spa jets are broken (sad face), the tub is still a dream.  The food is okay, not my personal favorite, but still good.An event out on the pool patio?  Fab and way fun.Two events at Cherry?  Fab and even more fun (only one person accidentally went into the pool).An event at the Bowling Alley?  The best ever.The convention/meeting space is great, especially the Veranda rooms that have their own. . you guessed it, verandas.  I cannot recommend this place enough as a meeting destination in Vegas.  I still just wish there was a bit more shopping on site.  Or that I had won at the Texas Hold 'Em table.
5	holy crap! my friend and his girl didnt want to hit the main strip, so they recommended this casino.i was like, um, why are we going to the middle of no where (which is kinda funny, since isnt all of vegas in the middle of no where? LOL) to gamble and party?turns out, this joint is one of the most high end places to go. the design budget must have been HUUUUGEEE cuz it is one of the best looking places ive seen out there! unfortunately, we didnt make it in time to try out the outdoor club. additionally, i lost $160 gambling in roulette, cuz red just did not want to come out (it came out five times in a row once i stopped playing - bastards!!!).anyway, this place will always be on my to do list when i go back.
5	i LOVE the red rock. its so nice and its never really that crowded. there STANDARD rooms are nicer than some "upgraded" rooms on the strip. they have great dining choices, a ton of penny slots,  and even an IMAX theater. i have no prob driving the 30 minutes from south vegas over there rather than dealing with going to the strip and parking there
5	Off-strip is the way to go! This hotel/casino is fantastic, and really goes out of its way to provide guests with a pampered and relaxing experience.  From first stepping into the lobby to enjoying the food, pool, casino floor, sports book, and friendly staff you'll be amazed by the lengths the proprietors go to give a unique stay.Due to its inclusive setup, it's easy to forget about the rest of the Las Vegas scene that is situated a couple miles or so away.  My girlfriend and I didn't leave the property until the third day of our stay, that's how easy it is to just slide into the Red Rock experience. The rooms are great with a television in the bathroom over a tub for two, marble tiles and wood decor.  There are great views (we chose the Canyon View) from the rooms and the beds are incredibly comfortable.  Definitely a good experience.If you are looking for a good place to stay in Las Vegas, look to Red Rock. Especially if you prefer being away from the hustle and bustle of the strip traffic.
3	My husband and I stayed at Red Rock for 4 nights.  There was a conference there that we were attending.  The place has a modern, dark decor to it which some may love but was too dark for me.  The front desk clerk was nice enough to warn me that the rooms furthest from the elevator took about 5 minutes to walk to once you got off the elevator.  "Room close to the elevator please!"  The is the first place I stayed at where the minibar items were electronically weighed and if you removed an item for more than 45 seconds, they automatically charged the item to your room account.  Warning:  A taxicab from the airport is $65.  That's alot of wasted money that would be much better spent gambling!)  There's a 72 lane bowling alley, tons of places to eat, a movie theatre wit IMAX...overall this place is pretty cool BUT why am I giving them only three stars???Well, let me tell you.  My maid service was only so-so.  First night I had a bath mat.  The second night I didn't.  The third night I got a bath mat but it looked dirty and for the fourth night...hells, I don't think they changed it at all.  Minus one star.  Oh yeah, they have cheap robes in their rooms...they're so rough I tought it was a loofah robe for a while!On my last day there, I walked to the concierge's desk (it's a long walk!) and asked if there was a place to print out my airline's boarding pass.  She told me the business center on the fifth floor could do it.  So I turned around and found my way up to the fifth floor.  I asked the person behind the desk at the business center if there was a computer and printer that I could use and she said, "yeah, it's a dollar a minute.  WHAT?  So I told her that all I wanted to do was to print a boarding pass.  Her eyes brightened up and I thought that meant the service was free but instead she says, "Oh, okay.  Well, there's just a small flat fee of $5 then."  MInus half a star for the concierge not warning me about the fee.  Minus half a star just because they wanted to charge me.  (I ended up printing my boarding passes at the airport for FREE!)Let's see.  I spent 4 nights there and paid about $800 in hotel charges.  They also have a $21 a night "resort fee" so that means I spent about $84 in these "resort fees" and they couldn't print out my boarding passes.  This doesn't even include the $120 I left in their damn slot machines and another $120 at their restaurants.C'mon Red Rock...charging guest to print out boarding passes.  It's just WRONG!
4	Okay I'm just rating the buffet because that's all we did at Red Rock: EATA family friend wanted to take us to brunch before we hit the road back to San Diego so we found ourselves miles away from the Strip. So we get there and we pass by the slot machines and what not, and we finally get to the buffet. Thankfully we didn't have to wait in line since a few people in our party were already seated. Woohoo!The buffet is enormous. Lots of food! I almost hate having sooo many choices because I'd wanna try them all. I didn't get to try them all so I only got the chance to hit the Italian and International section. Personally, I never go to the Asian section because it usually is Americanized Asian food that they serve.I do have to rave about their desserts section though. Ice cream! Yummmmmy! Oh and the choice of reduced-sugar desserts? I like! I have to come back here when I'm of age lol.
4	Fantastic spa. Hands down GREAT. Seriously I was surprised...you never know what you are going to get in Vegas...but here is what you will get at Red Rock Spa:1) Tasteful, modern, fully stocked spa2) Gorgeous steam room and jacuzzi area3) Soothing quiet room, stocked with teas, fruits and flavored waters4) Fabulous waterfall shower to enjoy after your treatment5) Fully equipped "locker room" with all the beauty supplies and products you need at your disposal.I have to admit you do pay for all of this greatness, but my masseuse was great and thoughtful about past massage experiences and preferences.
5	Almost 5 stars ( in retrospect, had to come back and give it all five, this place is my new favorite casino.) I gambled here about 2 - 3 times a week for a month, then stayed there my last day in Vegas.  The gambling is pretty fun.  The high ceilings help the smoke to waft away.  I'd leave there barely smelling of smoke, unlike other casinos where you come out smelling like an ashtray.  The drink service was slow, but serviced by many pretty women with big fake boobs.  You can get top shelf cocktails or what I usually got, Newcastle beer in a bottle.As for the hotel rooms, WOW!  One of the nicest places I've stayed.  The rooms either face the strip 5-6 miles to the east, or Red Rocks Park a mile or two to the west.  I had a room on the tenth floor facing the strip.  I could see all of Vegas, which was spectacular at night, what with the ceiling to floor window at the end of the room.  Big platform bed, big screen LCD tv, marble bathroom with TV over the tub, separate shower, his and her sinks, bathrobes, slippers, you name it.  We had fun hiking Red Rocks in the afternoon, then getting cleaned up and going down to the club downstairs, which was hopping after about 1030p (you get in free if you are staying there).  Came back up and enjoyed the room and the incredible view.  This place is pricey, but you surely get what you pay for.  Not to mention they have a giant bowling alley and a multiplex cinima and IMAX here also.  I think I just scratched the surface, there's lots more to do here.  PS  Be sure to check your bill on the way out.  We had a minibar charge from their high tech, pressure sensitive minibar, when we had not even touched it.  They promptly took it off the bill.  Also, you will have a ~$27 "spa" charge on your bill.  That's for use of their gym and spa amenities, which we didn't even get to.  Next time...
5	This is where I stay in Vegas. Hell it's the only place to stay in my opinion. It's off the strip, but still close. It's VERY nice on the inside and locals come here. Gotta love the locals. The rooms are fantastic, and the clientel just seem a bit above average. They have a concert venue here as well. Check out there website to see rates and pics. I refuse to stay anywhere else in Vegas, this place kicks butt..
4	his is my favorite Casino. Located on the far west side of town. It is fantastic with great diners, a super sports book, a great food court, movie theaters, bowling alley and Kid's Quest and a fabulous pool.This may be the best buffet in all of Las Vegas. A great selection with a sushi bar, all the hot stuff, alcoholic beverages available and the desserts are incredible and FRESH.Plus the machines have been kind to me I've walked out a winner almost every time I've visited.
4	Red Rock....you rocked!Checking out  places in  Las Vegas that will take a dog (no matter how small is difficult), you are exiled to places like Residence Inn off the strip.  So when I found that the Station Casino resorts Green Valley and Red Rock did accept small dogs under 30lbs which our Apricot is.  Of course, there are charges and that is normal.Once you walk into this newer resort off the strip (its in Summerlin near the actual Red Rocks Conservaption Park), you will not miss the strip.  It has the same amenities and costs.  I like Black Jack and did I ever play the tables all night I was there.  Lost some money but had fun doing it.  The room is great with a nice big space with a strip view.  nice marble tub, marble shower, separate toilet.  Beware of the dangerous mini bar, always a costly proposition.Charge for the pet - 100 dollars same as Residence inn but there is a resort amenity fee of 25 dollars per night.  Didn't get to use the resort much because of the rain and the renovations to the spa but will try it next time.For a traveller with a dog, this is a wonderful option.  Pricing before the holidays were not bad.Since its not that far from the strip, its worth staying at for a nice wonderful stay away from the tourist trap of the strip.
5	maybe i'm getting old but rehab at hard rock is not my scene any more... kind of out of place with the guys with spiky hair and the girls with the implanted flotation devices.  this is my new favorite hotel/casino in vegas.  okay its not IN vegas, but its a 20 minute cab ride from the airport.the rooms are great... flat screen tv (even one facing the bathtub), nice bathroom, pressure-sensitive minibar (dont pick up the patron or grey goose for longer than 45 seconds or else you'll get charged), nice big comfy king beds.  the pool is really nice but its december so i didnt really spend much time there.i disagree with the prior comments about how great the buffet is.  mandalay's buffet is way better.one more thing... shoe shine is complimentary and they got my shoes back to me in 20 minutes.
5	My boyfriend and I went here for a few days to attend MFest (It's a big BMW gathering...super fun!) and were completely SHOCKED. The first few days, we didn't even know the extend of how amazing this hotel was. The rooms were absolutely GORGEOUS, with a big bed, big TV, nice closet, wonderful bathroom (separate shower and tub), tv above the tub, big sinks...just awesome. The pool is spacious and the staff is always right there to help you. Then- to our discovery- we saw EXACTLY what this place had to offer. The casino was FILLED with warm and happy staff, there is a big food court, bowling alley, Edwards IMAX cinemas, shopping...we didn't even have to hit the overcrowded strip! The only downfall is that the cab ride to the strip was about $50.00 one way. However, if you dont NEED to do the whole "Strip" experience, but you want a nice, ritzy vacation highly recommend this resort.
5	Huge TV in the room, PLUS another very nice TV in the bathroom!!There was construction going on when I stayed here and woke us around 6am, and we complained.. We were given a comp to the steakhouse.. Dinner for 2 on the house!  It was a great meal.. and worth about $200.  Great customer service.
5	Excellent dog-friendly Las Vegas resort.  We had a delightful time at Red Rock and we would particularly recommend it to anyone traveling with pets or to anyone looking for a quieter and more relaxing alternative to the exhausting Vegas strip.  Red Rock is a little over 13 miles away from the strip and barely a few miles away from the gorgeous Red Rock conservation area where one can hike and climb the amazing red rocks.The rooms were very modern and chic.  I particularly thought the warm dark chocolate straw and leather walls and the white marble bathroom tiles were wonderful.  The bed was very comfortable and had reading lights on both sides. I also thought the Bose Wave radio was lovely.  Definitely get a canyon view room.  It's just amazing how different and how beautiful the mountains can look depending on how the sun illuminates it.   Food options were varied and good but not exceptional.  The pool was pretty and the gym was adequate and clean.We are definitely going back to Red Rock.
4	I get sick of going out to the Strip.  Yes, there's a lot of stuff to do out there, but when it gets all super crowded and touristy and hectic, it's a pain.The thing is what's a trip out to Vegas without hitting a casino or two?I guess not much of one.It's why I dig Red Rock as much as I do.The place has good eats, lounges that serve potent drinks, an awesome bowling alley, and a really clean movie theater.  The people at Red Rock also seem to know how to properly party: not too many folks passing out or acting up.  Most importantly, it's a chill place to go play.I get to experience a lot of the same stuff I go to the Strip for but in a less chaotic and more intimate setting.
5	When thinking of casinos off the Strip, there's a temptation to think of them as modest, and merely meant for locals. Red Rock's luxurious facility both surprised and impressed me - there's a lot to do!This casino resort has a cornucopia of features, including a bowling alley, spa, food court, multiple restaurants, and conference center capabilities. Their hotel lobby lounge features a 32-foot long chandelier, draped by an elegant staircase. There's a few stores, and a Starbucks overlooking the lobby. The casino's decor is sharp, and the restaurants lining it mirror that theme. The nearly 3,000 slot machines can confound if you're trying to find people, so pay attention to your surroundings.We had a spacious suite near the spa, with a view of the Strip and top-notch amenities: modern decor, huge soft mattresses, a comfy couch, a widescreen plasma TV, and a convenient bottle of Patron (costs extra). Loved the bathroom, and the luxurious shower. The toilet had a phone by it, and the marble tub, a TV. Besides hearing wind whistling one morning (it was crazy windy out there), Red Rock's hotel, casino, and lounges all had a fit and finish that made our dollars feel well-spent.Hotel service was stellar. When I needed help late-night, both Tanya (at the front desk) and a bellhop assisted. When we needed a random feminine hygiene product, not only did room service stock necessities, a staffer delivered the goods to our door minutes later. When hunger hit, concierge Stephanie pointed out some nearby Thai restaurants.If you're planning on heading to the Strip, keep in mind that Red Rock is off-strip. If you're content with hailing a taxi, or are a local, this shouldn't be an issue.My single regret from my stay at Red Rock? Not playing bingo in their huge bingo hall.
3	I don't want to spend a lot of time on this review, just a few quick notes. It's a cool enough looking hotel (it was nicer than I thought it was going to be) and the rooms are big and well laid out. The hotel amenities are good enough, but nothing special compared to most hotels these days. The biggest downfall (for me) is how far removed from the strip this joint is. I'm sure being removed from the strip is a bonus for the people who stay here on a regular basis, but this place isn't special enough for me to be so far from all the better Vegas attractions.
4	WOW!I enjoy finding hotels that are not on the hussle and bussle of the Las Vegas strip. THIS IS ONE.Red Rock is the sister resort to the Green Valley Ranch which you may have seen on the show American Casino. It is actually located on the NW side of town out in Summerlin.This means that if you are driving or taking a cab, be prepared for up to a 30 minute ride to the airport and 20 minutes to the strip (depending on the end you want to be on).To be honest they should have put the Resort part of the title before the Casino.When you walk in the decor is upscale and very modern chic. Tapestries and great lighting. Posh seating everwhere. However, the one thing you do not see? THE CASINO. They have taken the opportunity to provide a great Casino, it is just not in your face.The staff is extremely attentive and it feels as if there are more of them than guests - which is how it should feel.The rooms were extremely large with all the ameneties of today's upscale hotels. 42" Plasma, high end bathroom soaps and shampoos, soaking tubs or walk in showers. TV behind the mirror in the bathroom, etc. Most of all it was quiet.Since I was there for a meeting - I found the meeting space to be well layed out and away from the main areas of the hotel, but close enough that you did not have to walk 2 miles. The casino was wonderful, good clubs, great steakhouse.This hotel was rated in 2006 as one of the top 'neighborhood' hotels in Las Vegas. Highly recommended.If you have questions just contact me.
4	Nice place! Stayed here on a recommendation from my friends, and also because they were staying there so it made life easier. The place is beautiful, the layout is awesome and everything just looks really nice, everywhere you turn. My room was stacked.. had a huge flat panel HDTV, a really nice view overlooking the strip and various suburbs, and the bathroom was super nice with the jacuzzi tub and seperate stand up shower. I'd definitely rate the rooms and hotel itself a 5'er.. The only drawbacks really are that the place is pretty far from the strip (about a 30-40 minute drive in no traffic), and the fees are pretty high. I understand it's a resort and I know how resorts work, but in the middle of winter, I HIGHLY doubt anyone is gonna be rockin the pool, so how about bringing down the resort fees in the slower months? Just a thought, especially at $22 a day, when the pool isn't even heated. I digress though, everything else was awesome. If you're looking for something to do during the day, this place also includes a 16 screen theatre and a bowling alley, which made killing time more fun instead of getting my butt kicked at the slots. I would definitely stay here again, but probably in the summer and not when I need to go to the strip a lot.
4	I don't think that the old lady who was seating us like the fact that we had a coupon for a 2-for-1 from the newspaper, but the price was right.  Very nice place and food was better than I thought. Normally, at a buffet, you get the usual slop and bad attitude from Station Casino employees.  Not this one!  For once, they did smile and said "thank you", even the old lady who was the hostess.  Food was alright, and the only thing that had a blemish was the sushi was out too long.  Try the eggs benedict, the ham steak, which is cut to your liking, and the dessert bar.  All things (except the so-called International section) were fresh.  They give you a huge pot of coffee so they don't have to check up on you so much. At $8 for two people with the coupon, how can you go wrong?  This is one of those deals.  I will come again, even if I am not a local anymore.
5	I have only been to this place once, I was forced to go off the strip by my sister in law but when we got there it was completely worth the drive. This was awesome, amazing and filled with true Vegas types. Not the mid-west retirees that get in my way and tip like crap that you find on the strip.
4	The Red Rock is a giant local's (and tourist's) casino way west of the strip near Summerlin.... And it's great.You can tell that everything is pretty brand new it features:-Expansive, breathable casino-Beautiful Pool Area-Interesting looking restaurants (I did not go in, but they looked good)-Rubio's (that's a plus)-Cool design-$1 Bowling!!!!!!!!!I really like that this place embraces its desert setting rather than making itself something different. You actually feel like you're in the mohave here and I find that to be refreshing. Next time I'm in Vegas I'll see if I can stay here.
5	Immaculate.  I stayed here for 5 days and was thoroughly impressed with the rooms, housekeeping, amenities, tables, and my overall experience.  Red Rock is a swanky and chic looking resort off the strip.  I love the decor and ambiance.  It's modern and not too fussy - a lot of understated elegance.  If I had a lot of money, this is how I would decorate my own place. :)  (I took a lot of pictures for future reference)Many have already commented on the facilities and how everything you could want is at hand or nearby, so I'll try to stick to some other points.Table games are reasonable and a lot cheaper than nearly all of the high end hotel and casinos on the strip.  For example, you can find $5 craps tables!!  Also, pretty good selection of slots - and they even have a non-smoking slots section! - how considerate. Nice bath products.  I will judge most hotels based on their bath products.  (I know, I am awful).  But I loved their soap with tiny grains embedded in it to help exfoliate the skin.  Uber comfortable beds and rooms - I wanted to curl up and drown myself in the bed.  And I also found myself truly enjoying the room - that doesn't happen a lot.Being off the strip may be a concern for most (as it was a concern for me), but it turns out to be really convenient!  You will have to rent a car, but rentals are cheap and you'll probably end up saving money because you won't have to pay all the horrendous cab fare to and from airport, around the strip, etc.  Plus, considering that all the hotels offer free parking, it's really not a big deal to rent a car - provided that you always have a designated driver.  Plus, you're just a few miles away from the Red Rock Canyon!! (fantastic park to visit, by the way)   The only slightly negative thing that I have to say about the Red Rock is about the food.  I would say the food is slightly above average - nothing there really amazed me.  But Vegas is full of amazing restaurants located all over the strip -- this is where that rental car will come in handy!!, so I didn't mind.  Buffet was pretty decent (discount is offered if you sign up for their members card (free));  food court had 24 hour available dining options (my personal favorite is the babyfat burger and skinny fries from fatburger);  salt-lick bbq has a delicious all you can eat bbq for $20-25 dollars. If and when I go back to Vegas, I am DEFINITELY going to stay at the Red Rock. Did I mention how fantastic this place is??
5	LUX-UR-Y!The Red Rock has the most beautifully appointed rooms, ever! The casino was great, the slots were loose, and they have a free shuttle that will take you down by the strip. Food was excellent and service was top notch. I will be back to the Red Rock!
3	I appreciate the way the Red Rock looks on the inside and outside, it was a journey to get here from the strip (wish I woulda known about the free shuttle) but the place is amazing with a great bar area, BINGO! and bowling of course! I even got in a game of darts. It was a good time we had here and if I went to Vegas again mind you, I would rent a car to get here, I might be back! :) The only thing is, they have an extensive set of rules so I dont know why they wont let an adult hold a 8 pounder, hmph, ah well.
3	Well, props to the Fertitta Brothers for trying hard to make another extension to the wealth-producing, union-friendly Station brand. They tried to make an upscale place in the heart of Summerlin. I got stuck in one of their 5th floor king rooms with a gorgeous view of the parking structure. The "mini-bar" has sensors that charges you an exhorbitent amount if you remove the tiny alcohol bottles for more than 30 seconds. Yikes. There is this silly "convenience fee" they charge for a newspaper, a shoe shine, and a "complimentary" shuttle service to the airport. LOL. They charge twelve bucks for a little baggy with Q-Tips located in the bathroom. ROFL. You get the idea, here. On a positive note, the coffee in the coffee shop was pretty good. The organized outings and spa is a nice touch. And I have to admit the staff were at least competent and polite. The room is rather nicely appointed, all things considered, though the remote control for the television needed new batteries.  LMAO. You charge $150 a night and can't afford a five cent battery? My room was half way down the hall from the elevator and just getting to it was like a hike, the way the hotel was built. Bring your walking shoes. ;) Yes, the casino is very close to a work of art. No, I would never stay there again.
4	I've been in Vegas now for 9 months, and last night was my first trip to the Red Rock.  Went to help a friend celebrate his birthday, and was pleasantly surprised.   The food court is pretty big, with lots of choices (Rubios, Capriotti's, & Tropical Smoothie, just to name a few).  We chose some Bobbie Sammies and settled in for dinner.  YUM.We decided to go and play B I N G O, and the room is awesome.  There is an enclosed smoking section (A +) and a really large, comfortable area with built in trash cans for your paper.  Although we didn't win, we had a great time.Afterwards, we decided to go bowling.  There was a pretty long wait so we decided to hang out int he bar area and play pool, drink, shoot darts and play shuffle board.  The bartenders took really good care of us and we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves.  They didn't even mind when we broke out the cake and served it up.All in all, a great experience.  I didn't get to see the whole casino, I didn't stay in a room, and I did drop $40 into a keno machine and didn't win, but I'm sure I'll go back soon.
4	The casino is still one of our favorite places to gamble and its beautiful, and they have a Rubios, but all the restaurants there have been very disappointing, LBS and Salt Lick are among the worst, the Mexican place is decent though.
4	I love the suites at the Red Rock Casino Resort and Spa. They had one of the best scenery locations of the southwest. The restaurants are to die for, expensive but worth it. I always tell people if you are going to Las Veags there is no such thing of the word budget.
3	We came here for a mother daughter day. Three of us got a deep tissue and one an aromatherapy. The spa is really nice. It is European style so clothing is optional.  The 4 of us spent most the hour before relaxing in the jacuzzi. There are two one hot and one cold both in the same room. This is a nice place to relax and chit chat with the girls. There is also a sauna that is scented w/ eucalyptus leaves.  I went in there for a little while but left fairly quickly b/c I am not used to sitting in hot air and sweating. I got the deep tissue. it was just OKAY.. I should have told her to increase the pressure. I've gotten another massage before and felt like I've had better. I also left with a headache. I'm not sure if it was the massage or the Las Vegas air that was causing my sinus and throat to act up. But anyhow, I felt pretty groggy leaving the spa. Overall the place is nice and they have everything for you. Shower w/ Shampoo, conditioner and body soup. Along with an area that has everything you need to do your hair. The place is nice but I've had better.
4	The Red Rock is really nice and it has EVERYTHING:SPA, Bowling ally, movie theater, CASINO! Food court, restaurants. I have never stayed here but if I did I don't think I would need to leave. Everything is right there in one place. We went to the spa and took my cousin's 4 year old to the Kids Quest. Kids Quest was REALLY COOL it had: Basketball hoop, wii, jungle type structure, food, arts and crafts, arcade games. It pretty much had everything. He didn't want to go at first but once he saw the place he couldn't take his shoes off fast enough. For $6.75/hour it is definitely worth it. We left him in there for like 3 hours which was probably too long but for an hour or two it's great and kids will love it. Next time we'll definitely have to look into staying.
3	Red Rock Casino HotelHotel Rooms: Marble flooring in the bathroom, Separate room for toilet makes it easy for multiple people to get ready to go out, Mod meets Cozy, GREAT view of all of Las Vegas. The rooms have a 42" tv, extensive snackbar and quality decor.Hotel Decor: Crystal chandelier that sits in the entrance and above the main bar/lounge, VIP and General Elevators insure less of a wait, Many of the walls are made of protruding rocks.Dance Clubs/ Lounge: There were two: Cherry and Lucky. Lucky was very mellow, more intimate and Cherry was loud and rouwdy. Cherry has a nice outside patio area with heaters, cushioned seats and plants everywhere.  The Dj was doing some weird mixing- Classic Rock and Rap mixes and played not one full song.Casino: This is for the blackjack tables only: The tenders were Friendly, patient and understanding of the fact that I wasn't very familiar with the gambling process.  I think I'd like to go back and check this place out a little more.  It seems like it's so new that they aren't sure who their demographic is but I'm hoping that will change. It wont be as disjointed.
3	I thought it seemed a little unreasonable that I should have to pay a $27 Resort fee for facilities that I was unable to enjoy. For example, I wished to use the pool, but it was closed. Instead, I was offered the clothing-optional Cherry Pool which is not quite the same thing, especially when I was visiting with my boyfriend. The pool area was small and quiet and not set up for swimming, really. No notification of the pool closure was included on the web site, and with the high that day at a balmy 85 degrees it seemed unreasonable to not be offered a pool experience. Worst of all, when I called  the operator on two separate occasions to try to locate the Cherry Pool on the hotel map, they were of NO assistance. I spent over ten minutes on the phone to finally be told that the pool was "somewhere near the Cherry Club, outside." Thanks.Additionally, the in-room wifi was completely inaccessible from our room on the 18th floor. Also, the doorknob was falling off on the bathroom door. The beds were very uncomfortable and it seemed very difficult to get the temperature in the room right. When we left in the morning at about 7 am to go hike Red Rock, we were approached by a housekeeping staff member who asked us if we would be checking out soon, so she could clean out our room. Wow.To be frank, although the property is enormously beautiful, it is unlikely I will stay here again unless I plan on hiking in Red Rock in the future. Even then, I'm a lot more likely to stay at my favorite Vegas property, THEhotel, and just drive out to Red Rock instead.I immensely enjoyed the Feast Buffet, though, with $2 drink specials on margaritas and such. I also enjoyed the in-house movie theater, where I saw Taken, which was brilliant. The bowling alley wasn't offering any specials on Wednesday night that were to my liking, so I decided to pass, knowing that South Point and The Orleans offer $1 bowling after midnight on weeknights. I attempted to play Bingo, but it was going to end up pretty costly for two people-- starting at around $50. Instead, I joined the players club and sat down and lost a little money at the slot machines.There's a shopping center across the street with a Terrible's, a Borders, a Best Buy, and a Coffee Bean. Overall, I stayed here solely because I was planning on hiking Red Rock and they offered a package which included two free buffets and two free movie tickets, but I would be unlikely to stay here again.
4	My first review on Yelp! My girl and I always visit Red Rock when in Las Vegas. We love the casino and the food choices. Since I usually get comped from the Harrah's group of casinos on the strip, we've never get the opportunity to stay here. All that changed when I received an offer for 2 free nights! I won't bore you with every detail, but here's a breakdown of how things went: Check-in: The usual drive after work on Friday puts us in Vegas around midnight or 1. Usually it's check in and off to bed. There was a problem with my AMEX for the usual authorization, but they let us check in anyway and take care of it in the morning. Score 1 for reception. The room was everything promised minus the view. I'm not paying for this room, so I could care less. I can tell that higher floors are able to deliver on the view as well as a really nice and modern room with a local newspaper delivered each morning. They even gave me a 1 pm checkout with no hassle at all.The Italian Restaurant was fantastic. I had the Ossobucco which was awesome. Also noteable, Salt Lick BBQ and the Feast Buffet. All very good. We also got hammered and went bowling. $25 total for 2 people, 2 games, shoes included. Hardly a ripoff by Vegas standards. I really thought it was going to be 40 or 50 bucks. Only downside is the kids, but there is a cerfew in force for those under 18 after 10 I believe.There is only 1 con that comes to mind. I already mentioned i was supposed to be comped for this weekend. I checked my hotel bill via the tv in the room, to find out they were charging me for both nights, plus 3 long distance calls, which i did not make. They were very quick to credit these charges, but if I were not paying attention, I'd have a hell of a bill. But it did seem like a genuine mistake, so I did not think much of it.All in all, a great stay. Only gave it 4 stars on the theory that nobody is perfect!-d
4	As with any hotel, there are pros and cons and luckily, the pros far outweighed the cons at Red Rock Resort.  Cons:We were given the keys to an occupied room and came face to face with a very freaked out guest who wanted to know what 4 strangers and a maid were doing walking out of her roomWhile were standing in line to resolve the room issue, the couple in front of us were reporting that the same thing happened to them  (they settled for 4 bottles of water for their trouble, we ended up with a $50 credit)Our luggage took almost an hour to get up to our rooms and the bellman admitted that no one from the front desk even called him (that is after we called at least 3 times and were assured it was on the way)The hallways and rooms were uncomfortably warm, even with the thermostat turned down to 62 degreesOur room had a pretty thick layer of dust on the Bose system, TV and mini-bar areaThe sliding door to the toilet area in the room always slammed against the wall and didn't quite shut all the wayThe really beautiful bar in the lobby never seemed to be openPros:Absolutely beautiful decor, from the lobby to the hallways to the roomsReally friendly check-in staff HUGE marble bathrooms with gigantic soaking tubsFlat screen TVs above the soaking tubs!!Great, almost full sized toiletriesReally comfortable beds with lots of different sized pillowsBose Wave systems in every room, with a smooth jazz kind of CD provided for our listening pleasure Lighted closets stocked with plush robesHuge picture windows with beautiful views of Red RocksSuper quick, super friendly valetsSo yeah, walking into the occupied room was a crappy way to start our weekend but we used the $50 credit to have a mini bar martini party and all was soon forgotten, lol.  I think all 4 of us were quite impressed with the resort and I can't wait to go back.
4	Loved it here.  Huge rooms, done in cream and chocolate tones. Bathroom has a marble soaking tub and separate shower, toilet with its own phone (can't you wait to talk afterward, I wonder)The pool area is lovely, plenty of pools of different sizes and temperatures and plentiful lounge chairs and beds.  Service with the bikined waitresses is painfully slow, but that's the trade-off for being able to order while lying down outside.Guests have free use of the spa/gym and private lap pool (which itself has its own sitting areas.)  The spa has wet and dry steam rooms, hot tub, plunge pool, rain shower, three different seating areas, stocked with magazines, fruit, tea.  Didn't want to pay for a treatment, but felt plenty pampered anyway.Getting from the parking lot to the registration was tricky, involving lots of confusion about elevators, what floor to get off of, etc -- but eventually you'll find it.
3	I'm not much of a casino guy.  Call me crazy, but I'm not a big gambler...maybe its because I like math and the odds tell me that I might as well flush my money down the toilet (I do bet on football though, but the Giants are easier to pick than putting $100 bucks on 28).  The casino floor is pretty though, and I'm not one to turn down a free drink so when my step-dad & brother hit the tables; I park myself at a bar, feed one of the video machines the occasional dollar and drink Maker's to my heart's content.  They've also got a couple decent restaurants...decent, not great, but hey, when you're in the desert, you take what you can get.
4	One of the best casinos away from the strip. A crossover between Planet Hollywood and Palms. The casino usually gathers the locals from Vegas. A great selection of fine dining and reasonable prices for table games. What is also great about this hotel is their sportsbook section, with numerous plasma screens and around the area and a gigantic big screen for the main event. Servers and Waitresses here are hot! Basically Red Rock entails a high end brilliance of casino entertainment, away from the strip.
4	This place was great. It was nice and relaxing. It was great to be off the strip away from the hustle and bustle and relax in fabulous las vegas. The spa was excellent. I got a swedish massage and it was excellent. The pool is great and the beds were awesome. I wanted to take one home with me.
3	i had alot of fun last time i went there thier lounge room with the dance floor was cool and the security at the casino were frendly i enjoyed myself.
3	I would love to give Red Rock an outstanding review, but I just can't do it.They really F you with their billing system.You see Red Rock charges a MANDATORY 20% gratuity for EVERY BILL.  Hence, even if you thought your ALREADY PAID FOR MASSAGE was CRAP, you still get charged (whether you like it or not) $54 for Gratuity (ie mandatory 20%).Let me explain.My gf planned a nice trip to Vegas for the two of us.  I've been to Vegas a ton of times with the guys and have been lucky enough to get a ton of NICE stuff comp'd. (There's a movie about my buddies and their Vegas experience).However, we thought this would be a nice getaway for the two of us.  And for the most part it was.  But when it came time to paying for various bills you really had to pay attention or you would pay TWICE.We had a couples package that for $330 gave us 2 nights, a couples massage at the spa and a pair of movie tickets.  Seemed good to me.  We were looking for some relaxed time hanging out together.  We'd check out Red Rock, as well as, spend some time on the Strip.Our Package ended up costing $500 (and no, we did NOT touch the mini-bar).  BUT, Red Rock somehow managed to take on a 50% markup.  Our massages ($130 for 40 minutes for each of us (a $260 total)) had a mandatory 20% gratuity - so there's an additional $54).  And Honestly, I don't know where the $120 came from (taxes?).It was pretty mind boggling.Here's another story.  We decided to spend our first afternoon hanging out by the pool.  We paid for a "Ca-bed" ( 2 person patio furniture with curtains).  It was nice and cost us $120 for the day.  With taxes that's $150.  With mandatory gratuity that $188.  The best part?  The check they ask you to sign has a line asking for a 2ND GRATUITY PAYMENT, as if the mandatory 20% gratuity wasn't enough.  Had I not paid attention there's a good chance I would have paid $220 for a bed that lists as only costing $120.  And this happens with EVERYTHING thing at Red Rock.  The only place that didn't bill this way was the sushi place, which I thought was awesome, since their service was excellent.So, I loved going to the Red Rock.  I had a nice time with my GF. It has beautiful views on the edge of town.  Its very relaxing and a beautiful hotel/casino facility.  And I think whomever set up their billing system NEEDS TO BE SHOT.Pool was great.  Hotel Room was great.  Blackjack tables were great (except for the one moron dealer that scoffed at me when I asked for surrender).  And whomever set the Billing policy is a complete jackass.3 stars for bad business practices, otherwise I'd give it a 5 star rating.
4	Two reasons we headed for Red Rock Resort & Casino:  Word on the street (and by that I mean http://www.lasvegasadvisor.com/ ) was that the video poker was good here, and we just wanted to check the place out.  There is a complimentary shuttle that runs from Fashion Show Mall, which we took advantage of.  TIP:  It holds 14 people and fills up fast. The grounds and scenery are stunning.  What a beautiful place. The video poker is, in fact, VERY good here.  It's a beautiful, comfortable casino with wonderful cocktail service.The buffet is very good, and very reasonably priced.  There are quite a few restaurant options.The pool situation looks really, really good.  We toured a couple rooms, and this seriously looks like Lizzie's kind of lodging.
5	I LOVED RED ROCK CASINO!!!!Was there for the free jazz concert pool side, the grounds were wonderful. Had a friends sister staying there so they showed us their room and it was very nice just like the pictures.   I could soak in the bath tub for hours ( with a flatscreen tv ) just wish it was a jet tub  but still it looked nice. We then hit up one of the bars  and have to say the service was top-notch (it was the bar with the killer chandelier and the go go girls).  The bar with the live band and dance floor was very nice also.Would totally love to stay here sometime and check out all the other fun things they have to offer.
4	Red Rock is like a diamond in the rough. It's so far off the stripe but well worth the drive. The hotel is beautiful and they have one of my favorite buffets there. Best prime rib at any buffet in all of Las Vegas and they even have a little Gelato stand at the dessert buffet. Everything here is more reasonably priced from food to gamboling. It's a nice place to get away from the busy bustle of being on the stripe.
5	Beautiful Casino, inside and out.   The buffet was impressive as well.   Went in on a weekday and it wasnt too busy - but hopping enough!  Also, i think won a couple hundred here too but cant really remember ;
4	Off the strip...I am guesstimating around 30 minutes away. I didn't stay at this hotel but I was lucky enough to experience the Cherry pool (topless optional), the hotel's humongous awesome pool, the bowling alley, and the LBS restaurant. I had a great time in this hotel. So many restaurants to try but the one I did choose, LBS, had the best tasting burgers I have had. I loved the main pool, it had a fountain in the middle with beds and canopied beds surrounding it. It had smaller pools around the main pool for those who want to be away from the rest of the guests.  I'm a girl but I also noticed a nice addition to this pool- beautiful servers =)We got to also use the bowling alley with some friends and I must say, this place was fun. I can't believe that they even had bottle service in the bowling alley!! Only in Vegas, right? Awesome hotel that will keep me coming back for more.
5	I really like this place it was clean and very well done. The rooms are very futuristic and relaxing. Late at night walking around here you feel like your in a spy movie. The prices are pretty reasonable and the buffet is really good downstairs. Your away from the strip about 20 minutes and its really  nice because you get away from all the dirty, grungy run down places on the strip. This is definitely a breath of fresh air the strip can be fun but after your done there its nice to get away from there. Alot of the hotels on the strip are run down  and towards the Straosphere you get all the crime and derilics out there walking around. Its nice to get away from the fringe element.
4	Had a grilled shrimp burrito at Rubio's that was excellent. Although maybe the martini I had it with helped. Only in Vegas!
2	This place needs to be brought down a few notches.  I stayed here a few weeks after it opened in 2006, and the experience was not positive.  I'm giving it two stars vs. one because I'm hoping they improved.  Where to begin:  The elevators with doors that close so fast they nearly ripped off my arm?  The overpowering house and trance music that's played all over this place--from the elevators, to the casino, to the freaking pool?  (Forget about reading or even listening to your own iPOD with this trance noise going at full blast).  The obnoxious psycho jocks and hooker lookalikes who rule the pool and bars?  This is NOT a place for families.  And how about that mini bar that charged me for just lifting up a candy bar?  Or that cool "do not disturb" light that broke a few weeks after the place opened, and the front desk staff could not provide an old-fashioned "do not disturb" sign?  Or even a piece of Scotch tape for a hand-made sign?   (I ended up making one and attaching it to the door with a Band Aid, from the mini bar). And TVs, TVs, TVs....do I need a TV in the mirror of the bathroom?  And Cherry--that night club.  The noise they play there literally shakes the building.  If you're on Ex and steroids, which I suspect most people who visit this place are, you may love it.  But to everyone else, it will keep you up until the place closes (I believe closing time is 4 AM)The place is total sensory overload.  The antithesis of a relaxing time in Vegas.  Sure, it's nice to look at with its dark reds and browns.  You visit a place this far from the Strip to get away from the madness of Sin City.   This is not the place to escape that madness.   Since they were in their infancy when I visited them, I provided them with a letter that gave them some constructive criticism.  Nothing was sent--not even a "thank you for your comments" flush letter.  Never again.
5	Red Rock Casino is a godsend to people who want a great experience away from the strip.  This resort has high ceilings and elegant design. It's the Venetian of off-the-strip casinos, but with lower minimums!In addition, Red Rock also has some fine restaurants, an IMAX movie theater, bowling alley and a poppin' nightclub (Cherry).  Although I haven't seen the hotel rooms, I expect it to be as grand as the casino surroundings.  This is my new favorite place to gamble...... as long as I keep winning :-)
5	I helped build this place about four years ago!  I love the location of this place, it has one of the best views of the valley!  Its only a 20 minute drive to the strip and I came here for the Mayweather bout!  Just perfect.
4	I recently stayed here for two nights for a business conference.  5 Stars for the decor, room, restaurants and amenities.  I would say this is a trendy sheek hotel with a better price.  The only thing I can't rate highly on is location.  However, it's got a wonderful view of  the all Vegas valley, and everything you need in a day or two is here including movie theatres and a bowling alley.  I wish I could pick it up and move it to the strip and then I'd give it 10 stars.
4	This hotel is pretty far off the strip if your goal is Las Vegas crazy walking from party to party. However, if you want a different experience, wonderful rooms with the best beds and tubs I have experienced in Vegas, a great spa, and a cherry pool for 21 and over, this is your place. It's where many of the locals go these days. I went here for a conference in August 09 and it was a great spot. The have a food court with plenty of cheaper lunch options as well as fine dining and great BBQ restaurants.
5	didn't stay here but gambled and ate at the sushi restaurant.  this is a cool hotel.  has a great vibe to it, nice to be off the strip and away from the urchins.  didn't bring the family this trip but would reccomend if you are taking kids.
4	Played BINGO here for an hour and no doubt, the best BINGO house in the world!!so much fun!too bad i didn't win, but regardless.. 4 Stars!!This place is blazzing w/ Oxygen.. make sure you wear an extra sweater. ooo-chu!
4	Was out in Vegas last week for SEMA and also the West Coast Lotus Meet which was held at Red Rock Casino Resort & Spa.   As such, I had a special rate and would have stayed here had they not been sold out.I quickly learned that this place is 15 miles from the strip.  I've heard of the expression "off the strip", but this takes it to a whole new dimension.  The ride I had been expecting didn't materialize so I learned the hard way that it is a $45 cab ride (plus tip) from MGM to Red Rock.  Ouch.  On a good note, I discovered upon arrival that there is a free shuttle that takes you to and from the airport as well as the Fashion Mall so my return trip mercifully didn't cost anything.  It runs pretty regularly and they even give you a nice little fold up card with timetable.Although I didn't or rather couldn't get a room here this time, I was, like my other clubmembers at the Red Rock, a captive audience.  There is nothing else around for miles and I often joked that we are in the middle of Siberia.I have to give them credit though...if I were to get marooned in just one casino, this one is like the mother of all casinos off the strip.  Not only is it huge, but there is a bowling alley, numerous children's arcades, and even a multiplex movie theater inside!  This place is pretty huge although probably not as big as the MGM.My friends seemed pretty satisfied with Red Rock and had good things to say about the food and accomodations.  They also told me that for some reason, prices here are quite reasonable for everything.  I wasn't sure, but per my other review for Feast Buffet, I found the buffet and alcohol at the buffet to be a very good deal and an excellent value.Everything inside looked new and was very well maintained.  Service was first rate and I was really impressed with the professionalism of all the staff I encountered.  The doormen, bellmen (bellpeople?), and front desk staff were all first rate and impressed me a lot.If I was going to Vegas, but did not want to be on the strip, this would easily be my first choice.  Sadly, when I go to Vegas, I know exactly where I want to be and that is at the south end of the strip.Nice place...this place is a monster out in the middle of nowhere...hope it survives in this economy.
4	Great locals casino.  I think this is where they filmed 21.  Anyway, craps tables here are really good.  The circle bar is ok, you get a lot of cougars that come through.  It's about 15 mins off the strip and you get your money's worth.  Rooms are great, very modernized which is always a plus.  Pool area is very nice, my ex-roommate used to be a bartender here.  The good thing about it is that at times, it's a great place to come and chill when you're not in the mood to run on the strip since it's very laid back.  Everyone comes here for their massive Bingo Room or if they want to go bowling.  The theatre here is also really good but stay away on weekends as it overpopulates with a mass amount of local teenie boppers and high school kids loitering, but security does a good job to kick them out past 10.It's right across the street from a small shopping center (Best Buy, Marshalls, Gas stations, COSTCO, etc) which is convenient.  If you like Green Valley casino, you'll definitely love this place as it's under the same ownership/design.
5	Had my fourth stay for a girls weekend. Place is as good as it gets~If you go for a massage, ask for Michael- he is da bomb! Wish I could have packed him in my suitcase.
4	this is my favorite place to play BINGO,yes bingo,and it may seem like and old fogie thing,but now the game has a few changes since how it is played in the past,with more games and $$ to win,, You can start with the basic package at around $20 for 13 games, and that is for 1 hour os play and includes 2 free drinks or cocktail- go there ate 9am and get donuts for breakfast,lol.. The staff here use to be friendly ,but lately there has been a downfall on play there and it seems it took a toll on their attitude toward the patrons.. I love going there because it is newer and clean, with a smoking and non smoking area,and you have 13 chances to win some $$, if you are lucky.. I gave it 4 stars because I won BINGO 2x on same game,unfortunately had to split the pot with other,so therefore less $ for me. And I would of gave 3 stars,because one of the guys that worked there thought I was too noisy, he happen to be standing near me, as there were no complains from people around me.. So there goes his tip, no need to be mean,just because????I have never stayed here,but I hear the rooms are super nice,and it is a drive from the strip or even henderson( ia have family-so I get free housing),,but go there and check out the BINGO,play starts at the odd hours,like 9am,11am,1pm, etc..
3	Hotel is very nice except for one SMALL flaw. For some reason, aside from the fact that its 12.5 miles from the strip and far away from any fantastic eateries and shopping centers of Las Vegas ... they only have one elevator.Yes ... one, single, elevator location for the entirety of the hotel which runs similarly styled to the Wynn. So imagine this ... you're tired, sleepy and its 2 am in the morning. You get up the elevator only to realize that your elevator is on ONE end of the long hallway and your room is on the complete other end! You dreaded the walk which made 5 minutes seem like 40 minutes and was eager to find another elevator location closer to your room.To your surprise, there isn't one. Who does this? What kind of designer thought this was the smart thing to do? It's absolutely beyond me. Aside from the pesky elevator situation, the rooms are gorgeous and very plush, the bathrooms are nice and open and overall since its a relatively new hotel / casino everything has 'nice' embedded in it. I wouldn't mind staying here but would definitely request a room near the elevator for convenience as the hall way is QUITE long and ... I would probably do a relaxing vacation instead since its so far from the strip but equally as expensively priced for some reason ...
5	A true off the strip gem. Amazing restaurants, CLEAN feeling, absolutely gorgeous.This is my favorite place to go in Las Vegas to do my gambling, drinking, bowling, and movie watching! A casino catering to locals. Great food court includes a Capriottis, Fatburger, etc. All good stuff!
5	I've stayed at Red Rock 3 or 4 times before and I can't believe I never reviewed it! This is definitely one of my favorite hotels in Vegas. I'm kind of over all the crowds and traffic on the strip so recently we've been staying a lot at Red Rock and Green Valley. Red Rock might not be as luxurious as the Wynn, but it seems hipper. I love the lobby with the red doors and sitting area. The pool is also awesome in the summer and use of the spa is included in the resort fee. The rooms here are clean, large and modern. I had to laugh at Lorrie M's comment about the single elevator because it is so true. I never noticed it previously (maybe we always had rooms close to the elevator?), but this time while dragging my suitcase and carrying a bag with laptop and a heavy loaf of pumpkin bread, the walk to our room seemed endless. The hallway literally kept going and going. Next time we will ask for a room closer to the elevator especially if my grandma comes along.They also have a large selection of restaurants ranging from a food court to italian, steak, burgers, japanese and of course a buffet. There is also a movie theater, arcade and a bowling alley. Of course I'm in Vegas strictly to gamble (and shop and eat). There are tons of slots and the machines are always changing - not always a good thing if you have a favorite! I usually play blackjack and they have a few $5 and $10 tables even at night. We also played Bingo for the first time this trip and even though we didn't win, we had a good time. It costs between $4 and $14 for a booklet of cards and there are 13 games in an hour session. If you lose all your money you can always go back to your room where there is free wireless internet lol. I'll definitely be back - hopefully in the summer next time so I can take advantage of the pool!
3	Went here after visiting RR Canyon, the service @ player's club and the buffet was very nice, the place is pretty and the food was amazing. Not diggin' the casino that much, dont like how its designed and didnt feel my kinda vibe, would do another quick visit if I am in the neighborhood.
4	I really enjoyed the layout of the spa, the locker rooms, showers, spa amenities- Jacuzzi (Hot/Cold), Sauna, Steam rooms. . .It was appealing to the eye and very soothing and relaxing. Spa attendants were very helpful and accommodating; I had arrived early and wanted to order lunch. I had to walk outside to the private pool area to order, but they made it very comfortable. As you wait to have your treatment (I had an amazing deep tissue massage) there is a quiet room with fruit, tea and magazines. The whole experience from start to finish was really great. I have been three times to the Red Rock Casino Resort Spa and consistently it was a great experience, which I have found with spa's in this town can be hard to find.
4	This is my favorite off-strip hotel and one of my favorite hotels in Vegas!  I'm actually giving it 4.5 stars with the 0.5 star reserved just because I've experienced a few service issues here on occasion.  The rooms are comfortable---not huge but a decent size with great floor to ceiling windows.  I've always only had a strip (or city) view but loved it.  They have a nice bathroom with dual sinks, separate shower and a soaking tub that has a little flat screen tv on the wall if you want to relax and chill out.  Free shoe shine service is available and they used to have turndown service but have put that on request only due to cost concerns (or so I'm assuming).  Whenever I'm in the room, I never feel like I'm staying in a casino-hotel as it's so quiet and clean.  There is in-room internet access included in the resort fee so it's great for business travelers too. Perhaps the best part, for non-gamblers or those who need a break from gambling is the Spa & Fitness Center.  Access is included in your resort fee and I'd recommend taking advantage of it.  The Fitness Center is pretty decent in size with over a dozen cardio machines (mostly treadmills) and a nice size weight-machine area.  Outside there is a quiet small lap pool for those of you who don't want to deal with the regular pool scene next door.  Inside the locker rooms, you have access to an amazing steam shower, sauna and 2 whirlpools (hot and cold) plus shower facilities and a little lounge area with a tv.  It's quite relaxing and most times I've been there, it's never been crowded.Having been going to Vegas since 1991, I've stayed at a lot of hotels on and off the strip and I've got to say that the Red Rock is near the top of my list.  If you don't need the "action" of being on the Strip, then definitely stay here!
4	I only found out about this place because I heard about their great buffet, Feast Buffet. I enjoy Red Rock Casino because it's not crowded and isn't as smoky as all the casinos on the strip. Red Rock also has great architecture and great restaurants. I don't really gamble so I can't really say much about the tables but I do enjoy the slot machines and they have a great variety of them. If you're at this casino, I suggest going to their great buffet.
4	I really like this place because 1) I'm over the Strip (glitz OK, bling not) 2) I can avoid the traffic mess around the Strip 3) beautiful reception area with sedate bar-lobby and don't have to go through the casino to get to the room 4) nice pool area 5) nice but not over-the-top eateries (still expensive), food court (not expensive) 6) Red Rock Canyon.  I think the Red Rock, though not on the Strip, is the closest you'll come to a Strip hotel as originally conceived by the pre-Caesar's wise guys:  low-key, good taste, western USA feel.Because it located in a Vegas bedroom community, the Red Rock apparently had to dedicate one end of its complex to family entertainment -- multiplex, bowling, arcade, food court -- where unaccompanied under-21s can hang.  You might think you were in a mall on that end, but step into the casino-proper, and you're light years away, as you should be.  I think they did a good job on that score.The rooms are tasteful and well-equipped, though they're getting a bit shopworn and need renewal.  And watch that bench at the foot of the bed -- my shin seems to catch its hard corners at least once a visit. The bathroom is beautiful, and I can watch the game on the flat-screen over the tub from the glass shower. (To avoid fogging the glass, I use the old scuba trick.)You may or may not appreciate the isolation -- depends on why you come to Vegas. (They do have airport/Strip shuttles. I agree about the scheduling -- it's pretty unreliable -- I recommend a car.)  But there's everything you need here, plus being close to some beautiful scenery.  Hint: if you want to have hors d'oeuvres to graze on in your room, then drive over to the nearby Costco and cop one of their big shrimp or cold-cut trays.  There's also an Albertson's a short drive away.About the elevators, yes, it's too bad they're only on one end, but at the Wynn and Encore the walks to my room could be just as long.  If this is important to you, then ask at check-in, and they'll accommodate you if they can. (Worked for us.)  Another thing -- there are a couple of elevators mid-point that go down to the pool, which is a shortcut to the heart of the casino.About the casino:  Seem to be lots of smokers, but it's big enough to avoid them.  As for the games, lots of variety, and the room is long, with bars and eateries along the sides.  Compared to the cavernous Strip casinos, it's very easy to keep your bearings here.Note about the charges:  If you're a player, Station Casinos is pretty generous with comps.  Once comped, you get the room, a gaming credit and a buffet comp, and they'll take off the resort charge.The crowd at the Red Rock is a good younger-to-older mix.  These days, they let all sorts in the casinos, and here I feel a camaraderie with fellow refugees from halter tops and wife-beaters, saggers, tats, incredibly fat people, homies and gangstas.  Once the Strip is out of your system, try the Red Rock.
4	Wonderful off strip location. If you don't like house music you are not going to like this place. It is loud and brash, intended for a younger audience.The pool is nice and well maintained. They have lounge chairs and you can just chill by the pool. I really liked spending time at the pool/The spa and gym is just okay. Green Valley Ranch Spa is definitely better than here. The fitness center is quite small but it will get the job done. On a couple of the mornings it got crowded so you may want to get up a little earlier to beat the crowd.The casino is not glitzy and is definitely more subdued than what people are used to on the strip. For me I can do with blinking lights and obnoxious people. The sports book is really nice, if not one of the best in the Las Vegas.Red Rock is not meant for children, it might be hit or miss for them feeling a bit out of place depending on their age. I would have to ever so-slightly perhaps even cautiously recommend against children here. Read other reviews to see if they will be a fit. There is a movie theater and arcade they can waste some time in as well.Avoid the Mexican restaurant called Cabo Mexican Restaurant.. The food court has lots of options that will save you money. All the other food and restaurants were good. They even have a Starbucks for those of you who need a quick fix.The rooms are fresh and have a good aesthetic to them. TV's even have HDMI in ports, which makes hooking up your netbook to watch a flick pretty easy. There are TVs in the bathroom in the mirror.You won't miss the strip after a weekend here.
5	Not only is this my favorite hotel to stay at when I am in Las Vegas; this is my favorite hotel EVER!! If you ask me, which you didn't, but you're reading my review, so you kind of did . . . Red Rock Casino Resort & Spa is the best hotel in the world, it just happens to be in Las Vegas! Two nights on the strip and I'm exhausted and ready to go home; at the Red Rock, I need at least three nights! The rooms are amazing! I plan an extra day on my trip just so I can spend one of them lounging around in the room! It's funny how on the strip there are so many "options" yet I get bored and even though the Red Rock is only one hotel, I always feel like I am enjoying myself and I have plenty to do. Movie theater, bowling alley, variety of restaurants, amazing pools (yes, more than one), food court, complementary work out area and spa/locker room area . . . the list keeps going! Most other hotels want to charge me a daily $15 spa fee to use a treadmill for 30 minutes!!! Which, of course, is crazy, so I don't pay it, so I go home +5 pounds. At the Red Rock I can get a quick work out in which makes my trip so much more enjoyable and reduces the amount of "guilt" in my "trip." I could go on and on about how much I love the Red Rock, and maybe I will add more later. Instead of listening to me ramble on, I think you just need to go! It can be kind of expensive your first trip, however sign up for the Boarding Pass and start earning those points! They are always sending out great specials for free or discounted rooms. That way when I gamble, I don't mind as much, I am just pre-paying for my next free stay at my favorite hotel!!
5	Far from the strip but an excellent hotel and casino!I stayed here for 5 days and had a blast. I had an amazing suite room that was decorated in modern plush styling. The TV's were awesome and so was the Jacuzzi tub. The casino is a fun one to play at. The slots are a little tight, but the black jack and casino host are amazing.  The buffet was good and the place was clean. I would stay at the Red Rock Casino in Summerlin again.
4	I was fortunate enough to stay at two very nice hotels during my past Vegas trip.. with both rooms comped! Maybe I just have crazy gamblers as friends :PI hadn't even heard of Red Rock until my friend told me he booked the rooms already. It's quite far off the strip (15 miles-ish.. ouch!) but it definitely is a NICE casino/hotel. I kind of like how it's secluded from the Vegas hustle and bustle, but at the same time the drive back and forth were kind of a pain.The decor in this casino is VERY modern, elegant, and clean.. a lot of dark woods with a contrast of shimmering crystals.. beautiful! Our room was very spacious although the lighting inside was dim... there isn't a "main" switch for lights.. maybe it's to set a romantic mood? The pillows weren't the comfiest either.. I think they're down pillows so after laying on them for awhile they start to flatten in the middle. Boo! Our view of the strip and red rock mountains were nice though :)The staff here is also very friendly. The bellman chatted up a nice conversation with us while he carried in our luggage, and the valet attendants were quick to bring the car each time.My friend also received $30 in free slot play when we checked into the room but gave it over to me since he's more of a table guy. Well, after spending about 15 minutes messing around with slots I managed to somehow turn $30 to $75!! Thanks Wheel of Fortune machine!! :) and thanks Red Rock for lunch on the house hahaI'd probably stay here again if the rooms were comped.. but the hassle of driving 30 miles roundtrip is something I'd skip if I had to really choose. :T
4	Great food in their cafe!! Especially the huge breakfast special for 7.99 way better than Denny!
4	Red Rock Casino is about as 'family-friendly' as a casino hotel can get. For families traveling with kids or for local families, they've got plenty of activities for the whole family.- 16 theater movie theater w/ IMAX- 72 lane bowling alley- Kids Quest hourly child careI dropped my kid off at Kids Quest the other day and he had a great time. There's a 'tiny tots' area for kids 3 and under, which has plenty of toys and activities in a closely supervised environment. For older kids there's a huge maze/gym with slides, tunnels, ropes to climb, and a ball pit. Next to that is a basketball court. They also have a bar area where kids can order snacks, sodas, and slushies. You can drop off your kids for a maximum of 5 hours. There are also other Kids Quests at a few other Station Casinos and the Palms. It's a great option for parents to have if they want to go out for a quiet dinner or catch a movie.
4	Words cannot express how much I hate Las Vegas. I was kind of bummed when I found out my whole company had to go for a work thing, but things started looking up when I found out they sprang for us to all have our own rooms. We ended up at the Red Rock. This place was actually pretty awesome. You really never have to leave the place. It is HUUUGE. There are like 10 restaurants, a bowling alley, a movie theater, insane swimming pools, and a low douchebag factor due to the fact that it's like 10 miles away from the strip. But you still get all the gambling and booze of Vegas.The rooms have flat screen tvs in the bathroom on the wall in the bath tub! The bathrooms have separate tub and shower.I actually had one of my favorite nights ever at this place. Picture me, after being in a meeting all day, quite tipsy with my buddies (who also happen to be my coworkers) and deciding to retreat back to my room. On my way back, I see there is a bakery. I stop in and buy a pastry to take back to my room. When I get back to my room, I decide I am gunna take advantage of the uber-deep bath tub. It is Saturday night at about midnight which means Cheaters is on. Yes everyone, my most favorite night ever was me watching Cheaters and eating a pastry while taking a bubble bath, drunk.
2	The goods:  1) Its an all in 1 casino...there is food, gambling, childcare, a movie theater, a bowling alley....HUGE.  2) The cheapest rooms are really nice.  3) The extremely deep tub with television in the bathroom for relaxing.  4) Its Vegas...  5) The spa facility - wonderful!The bad:  1) The check in at this place is AWFUL...and thats no way to start off.  They had 2 people working and a line of over 20 when we came in, also there was no "set" line so you had people just standing everywhere.     2) The minibar/PAY tray - There was a tray on the dresser that if you accidently even bumped stuff off it...if you didnt get it back on fast enough cha-ching! They charged you.  I dunno about you but 1- I usually drink when Im in vegas and its hard enough to not bump stuff sobber...2- this is suppose to be kid friendly....my 6 year old INSTANTLY was eyeballing this tray....We had to get them to remove it.      3) The Imax in this facility is beyond bad.  BAD...the room is extremely tiny...and they fail to mention that if a seat is RED that nothing can be seen in 3D and infact that it will just appear double.    4) The distance to the strip.  It's over 20 mins away.  5)  The price of the spa facility...its super lush and super nice....admitedly, but the price dampens that bit of fun by quite a bit.  Your looking at $150+ for a 50 min massage.  6) Amenities fee, wth is THAT?  $30 a night (not including the room taxes) and Im not even sure what thats for.  Why not just roll that into the price of the hotel, so you arent wacked with it later?  7) Food Poisoning....We had the buffet the first morning of our stay...needless to say, my 6 year old and my husband ate something there and ended up vomiting the rest of the stay.  Made the food bill cheap thou!  They didnt eat anything the rest of the stay! (sarcastic)All in all, Im not sure I would go back.  I know what to expect now, but the cons out weighed the pros.The kid's quest hourly child care would be about the only thing to lure me back, and they have that at other casinos.
4	It's been almost a year since we stayed at Red Rock, and it still kicks unholy ass. Got an offer for $49 weekend nights and figured what the hell. We booked it and off we went. The casino has a bunch of $5 minimum tables, which is awesome. Usually, this attracts an unsavory crowd, but because we were so far from the strip, it wasn't bad at all! Great selection/denomination of slots as well. The casino was not lacking in any way. Deft drink service too, I might add. A+This trip, we took advantage of the movie theater, seeing a midnight show of Alice in Wonderland in IMAX 3D. The theater was clean and really well done. I was very impressed. Highly recommended if you're in need of a diversion from the $5 tables!The $20 trick (sort of) worked. Again, if you don't know what it is, Google it. We got the same level room, but were at the end of the hall (more privacy, but a LONG walk to the elevator) with a little more floorspace. Again, watch your bill carefully. They tried to get me for $28/night resort fee, and the terms of my offer were "no resort fee"... there was no problem taking it off, once I brought it to their attention.The first night, my car got hit in the parking garage. Nothing major. Security was helpful and responded quickly. Good to know the essentials are covered. A+Great hotel without all the bummers of the strip. Great for a weekend getaway!
4	Red Rock & The M are my favorite off the strip resorts to visit.  I fall in love with the modern look and feel on both the inside and outside of both properties.  The service throughout the entire resort is what you would expect from a Rtiz or Bellagio establishment, but unlike a strip location its specifically catered to local enjoyment.  Most of the restaurants are excellent and the lounges get hopping during UFC Saturdays or even just on a Friday night.  The rooms inside the hotel carry the same decor as the casino floor, and the architecture is eye pleasing and intricate.
5	Great place to kill the night. I played craps, my wife played black Jack and some video poker. We had a good dinner and watched a movie. Parking was free and everything was clean and nice. This is a great place fir locals or for thous that want to get off the strip!
5	Minus the fact that I am yet to win, I have had a lot of fun at Red Rock Bingo. The room is big and open with plenty of space. If you have a Station Casino card you get a few bucks off your cards. The number boards are huge and easy to read. They have a seperate room for smokers as well which is nice for both sides (smoking and non). Each player is entitled to two free drinks at the bar in the Bingo Room before each game (awesome). Overall, a fun time and good place to go with a few friends for fun.
4	Love the Red Rock Hotel! It's very cool & stylish.i love the interior design of the hotel and all the modern, stylish appointments.I am not a gambler so i can't say much about the casino,but the hotel is great place to stay and relax !! It is about 10 miles off the strip so it is a safe distance away from all the strip madness! You have a choice of a strip view or a red rock mountain view from your room.I've stayed at the hotel twice and both times i've hadthe mountain (pool) view. The best view are from the rooms numbered around the 20's & 30's ie: so if you are on floor 11, you want to be around roomnumber 1130 for the best view. (even numbers are the mountain/pool views)the rooms at rr are pretty awesome! they are spacious, stylish, have awesome attention to detail, and have large white marble bathrooms.i don't really have anything negative to say about the rooms...i heart them! the pool(s) area is a great place to hang out for an afternoon. there is one main pool and then i believe 3-4 smaller pools and 2 jacuzzis. i like going to red rock during the more off times so it is quieter and more relaxing at the pool. the service at the pool is usually pretty good as well. the drinks from the bar at the pool are kind of expensive, butthat is to be expected...the restaurants at the hotel are pretty good too. I went to lbs (and i don't eat meat!, but their salads and fries are pretty good:),hachi has very good japanese food and great service, and the grand cafe serves huge breakfasts. there is also a starbucks if you just need a coffee and a pastry!the hotel also has a pretty good gym with ample cardio machines,weight machines, and other exercise equipment. there is a nice spathere as well, however, i did not get any treatments there.the last thing to mention is one of the great things to do at red rock(if you are not an all day gambler) is visit the near-by red rock park.it's an awesome park with great vistas. you can simply drive around the park and pull over at the view areas or you can picnic, bike,or hike on the rocks. it really is a beautiful area. i'd recommend going early morning as it does get pretty hot as afternoon approaches.actually, this is the last thing...if you go on the red rock website they have a rate calendar. so if you have flexibility in when you travel, you can book a room when the rate is less expensive. they also offer a discount to returning customers which is nice as well!
5	This tends to be our go to place for entertainment and dining. We have also spent a few nights here. The rooms are large and modern with good views. The pool area is very cool and comfortable. They have like 6 sit down restaurants plus a food court and several bars. The only downside is that I've been there late on Friday and Saturdays and it is hit or miss and how jumpin the place is. I've been surprised a few times the place was pretty slow. The table gaming is great as I'm usually able to find $5 tables for my games, craps and 3 card poker. Plus there is a nice movie theater and a great bowling alley. No need to go anywhere else!
5	Clearly my all time fav casino/hotel to go to in all of Vegas. And it happened to be about 5 min from my home!  Even though I've not been in some time, if I was going back to Vegas today this is the place I'd stay and play. I think it is the most gorgeous "locals" casino in Vegas, not to mention it is min away from Red Rock Canyon.  The area is beaufiful too... Wonderful restaurants too... like awesome Japanse spot, Hachi and killer steak & chop place, T-Bones.Sure it's about 25 min off the strip, but if it was on the strip it would be the #1 casino to go to.  Check it out.
4	Definitley a nice spot for locals.  I'm from San Diego, and stopped by after a recommendation by a friend and boy was he right.  It's a great place to catch MMA or boxing.  Great eateries and excellent selection of slots and tables.  I would love to come back, if they comped me as well as the hotels on the strip.
5	This is the best off-the-strip hotel in Vegas, hands down. I've stayed here several times now as it is about a mile and a half away from my grandparents' home. Their rooms are fabulous (at an acceptable price). Their beds are so comfortable and the bathrooms are luxurious, including marble counter tops and showers. But, it's really the little things that draw me in to the rooms, from the multiple options at lighting- bedside spotlights for reading, overhead recessed lighting over the bed, office lamp above the desk, ambient lighting in the bathroom, to a light-up makeup mirror in the bathroom. The comforter is great (I wish I had an identical one at my house); it's light enough that it doesn't overhead you, but heavy enough that it keeps you warm in the air conditioned room. There is a ton to do at the resort, from family friendly options like the movie theater or bowling alley, to foodie options in their several restaurants, to gambling, and of course the spa with a huge list of services.
3	Stayed here for my little Mother's day mini vacation. The hotel is only 4 years old so everything is fairly new and clean.  Because it is off the strip (about 15 minutes away), the air quality is better therefore much more children friendly than most hotels on the strip. The layout of the hotel was a bit confusing. Alot of the first-time guests, including ourselves, found our way up to the casino/room elevators instead of the lobby to check in. Remember to ask for a room closer to the elevator otherwise it is a looooooooooong walk each day to get to/from the room. As far as strip view v. canyon view, doesn't matter...it's blocked by the hotel parking structure. The standard room was a bit small but the bathroom was really nice. Large marble tub which my daughter enjoyed. Built-in small TV near the tub however, really loud bath faucet! It's obnoxiously loud when filling the tub. The maintenance crew were wonderful. They were courteous even just passing by the hallway. It's the front desk check-in group that were the frowny bunch. Good choices of pricey restaurants as well as food court fast foods and decent buffet. KidQuest play-area to let your children burn off some steam while you gamble their college funds away.  Movie theater, bowling alley, awesome pool for kids and arcade area as well. But if you want to do some shopping, there is not much of that. There are a couple of shops on the casino level of the hotel but nothing impressive. Pro: Off the strip, great staff, excellent pool.Con: Confusing hotel layout, long walk way to elevators to/from room, loud faucet.
4	Stayed here for two days last month for my son's wedding. I found the hotel extremely easy to navigate (if you enter through the proper entrance. It's easy to make that mistake. The rooms were excellent, with plenty of "extras" - make sure to ask for a canyon view room which was one mistake we made. The "strip view" is not really good (you overlook a plowed area which I assume will be built upon some day) and the sun is a killer in the morning.About 15 minutes off of the strip, Red Rock offers a quiet setting for everyone along with all the gaming you could want along with shuttle service to the strip. It is definitely a family friendly place, offering a bowling alley, movie theater and game area along with a stunning poo; area. We had the "after wedding" buffet here and it was excellent. Plenty of food and we actually were able to straddle the breakfast food with the lunch food which opened up additional possibilities. Like all good buffets, you couldn't hope to try half of the offerings.Nice place - give it a try.
4	I did not stay at the hotel but have been here many times and its always great. I did use the spa for mothers day and that was just what this mommy needed. I had a facial then a massage.The facial was ok. I have had better for cheaper in town but it was my mothers day gift.The massage was one of the best I have ever had.The spa itself was very nice. Loved that they had an outside area to relax by. They serve food out there as well. But no booze. That was weird I thought. They could have made some $$ on this mommy for that! But it was a really, really nice gift and day!
4	Vegas, without being too Vegas!I spent the weekend at Red Rock for a friend's wedding. What a gem! First of all, they offer complimentary shuttle service to/from the airport, saving you a $50 cab ride. Every part of my experience here was fabulous. This is, simply, the friendliest hotel I've ever stayed at. Every time I encountered a "team member" I was greeted with a genuine "hello." The hotel has great decor--modern, a little trendy, but not too over the top. And the beds are soooo comfortable! Great pool. I also liked that the casino was accessible, but you weren't forced to walk through it for everything. My only nit with them is that they seemed a bit overwhelmed for the Memorial Day holiday weekend... nothing too bad, but just a tad underprepared. I'd definitely go back and recommend to others.
3	This place used to be my favorite off the strip hotel.  It needs some help now.Positives:  Ambiance, beautiful lobby, great pool vibe and chairs, great spa, nicely appointed bathroom with TV over tub.  Cheaper now than two years ago.  Cons:  So-so massages (I've had 2), mildew on shower curtain, half used shampoo bottles when you get there, poor customer service at front lobby and pool host.  They search your bag before you enter pool and make you go to lobby for wrist band.  Then at the lobby, they accuse you of not getting one when you checked in.  Moldy fruit in the spa.  Didn't clean our rooms by 8:30PM, had to call them to come up.
4	Great rooms and service. Without fail every one of the hotel's team members were friendly and accommodating.
4	This is essentially a Strip delight without having to be at The Strip.  It's like a really great and diverse place for locals to have a good time watching movies, eating great, great food or just plain gambling with competitive stakes.  Their sportsbook is a great place to see a game and have dollar beers & brats, and they always seem to be running one promotion or another for some super slot payout.  The whole casino just feels clean, well-kept and not in the least run-down.  Their 4th of July is really rocking too, and they do a giant fireworks spectacular!
2	I love Red Rock!But they stopped offering the local rates last year! :(That was a steal for every year my bf and I would go.Now that they don't have it I'll have to stack my chips and may have to push our little yearly get aways aside. :($25 resort fee12% tax fee
5	Stayed here during a sports tournament, and it was a wonderful hotel! Room service was delicious, staff was friendly, bathrooms and rooms were very nice, and the pool looked fun although we did not get a chance to check it out. I would definitely come here again!
4	I've never stayed here, but the few times I have been to Vegas this is the first place I play. I live about four  hours driving distance from Vegas, so after a long car ride, nothing is better than stretching your legs at this gorgeous Casino. It's never packed, the dealers are friendly, and the casino has a classy, upsacle feel which makes me feel excited to be in Vegas. I tend to play black jack, and the table minimums are always reasonable. I placed my first ever bet at this casino (and won), and intend to pay "homage" to it each time I'm in Vegas. This is truly an "off strip" gem you can't afford to miss.
4	I won a night's stay here and concert tickets on the radio not long ago, and I have to say, overall it was a very pleasant experience.First and foremost, this place is considerably more upscale than most of the other hotel/casinos owned by Station Casinos. The place is beautifully decorated, and has numerous restaurants and quicker dining options. There is even a movie theater and arcade so that the kids won't be bored should you go off to gamble. Despite its upscale appearance, this isn't some pretentious place where you are looked down upon if you aren't dressed like a movie star. The hotel room we were given for the stay was amazing, given that this was merely something we won for a night (I can't say for sure if they have other levels of rooms, though.) It featured an HDTV mounted to the wall, a smaller TV mounted to the bathroom wall so you could watch TV while in the tub, and a gorgeous view of the pool area. However, when we first came up to the room there were too people leaving it just before we walked in, claiming they had been "reassigned" - not sure what that was all about. Also, there were undrained sinks and an unflushed toilet when I entered - but these were seriously the only major problems with the room.The concert venue, the Rocks Lounge, was something of a disappointment in that was standing room only. I have seen shows in other Station Casinos club-type venues (Boulder's Railhead, Fiesta Rancho's Club Tequila, etc.) and they always set up chairs in those venues. Would it have killed them to do that here? As far as parking goes, you need not fear - the resort has TONS of it. There are two entire garages, a west and east one. If you're just coming for the movie theater or dining, you can park in the west one, which is convenient for that side. If you're staying in the hotel, the east garage is right there. Quite honestly, I didn't know what to expect from the staff here - I have had some bad service at times in other Station Casino properties - but that was no issue here. Everyone was very professional and courteous, and did a damn good job.Ultimately this place got the job done and then some. If you're asking me if you should stay here during your trip to Vegas, I strongly recommend it - only major complaint in that department is that it isn't near the Strip if you want to go sightseeing there - so something to keep in mind.
5	Friday nights from 8-10 with 93.1 The Party are awesome! Come roll the dice!
4	I was tempted to give this place 5 stars but it is easy to lay it on thick when you are not footing the tab.  Came here for a conference and stayed in a beautiful and spacious room, watched TV while taking a bath, took advantage of free access to the spa, sauna, gym, and wi-fi, channeled my inner chinese grandma and came up $50 at the blackjack tables and managed to leave without smelling like an ashtray.  Slight drawbacks: spa/fitness center has pretty ridiculous hours (closes at 7pm) and the hotel is a $50 cab ride from the airport and definitely far off the strip.  Perfect for a tame vegas getaway, appropriate for couples, families, and colleagues.
4	Love this casino resort off the strip! Facilities are topnotch! Even have a tv on the bathtub.
5	Great property, very hip, very kid friendly.  Chop house in the casino was a bit on the expensive side, but that's par for course in vegas.  The food was worth it, servers knew their stuff, and the wine list was impressive and reasonable.  What a nice surprise--a reasonably priced wine list in a vegas casino!Service by the pool was good.  Food service was again a bit pricey but good.  For the price, they make the basic burgers, salads, and quesadias a bit on the fancier side.  A sprinkle of lobster here, mango there, and viola, justification for hotel restuarant prices.  Not bad I guess.Towels and deck chair service was good.  They found us a nice cabana for us and younguns, brought towels, and did not give us the vegas stare for tip!  Not like I had anything on me--at the pool.Only downside was the big play pool with fountain was FREEZING.  Even in the scorching sun, it wasn't so refreshing as it was arctic.  So it was a bit of running back and forth.  But overall pool was a good experience.  My kid, with blue lips and chattering teeth, had a blast!
4	This review is from an 18 year old/non-gambler perspective. Red Rock Casino Resort is one of the best hotels/casinos I've been to on and off the strip. It's very kid friendly with activities such as a movie theater, arcade, bowling alley, large pool, and for the younger kids Kids Quest, and a good food court.  I would have rated this 5 stars, but the curfew policy is a little bit ridiculous and inconsistently enforced. During my stay at Red Rock for most of the time i was with cousins around the age of 14-17 years old, and since i was the only one 18, I served as their  "guardian" while away from their parents after 10:00 pm. Around this time you need to be 18 in order to buy food, I found this a bit odd after being carded to buy an banana split at Ben and Jerrys. Besides the ridiculous curfew, this is a great place to stay when taking your family to Las Vegas.
5	Went here a couple of years ago, and LOVED it! My fiance and I pulled an all-nighter and arrived at 3am. Check in wasn't until 3pm, but they let us check in super early at around 7am. We played some slots, had a couple drinks, and got a tour of the 24 hour bowling alley during the four hour time span. The casino is huge! The bowling alley is amazing! They even have VIP rooms for private parties!! When we arrived at our room, we took a nap in the comfy king. The room was very nice and beautifully decorated. My favorite part was the flat screen TV above the garden tub in the bathroom! The steakhouse (I think it's called T-bones??) was very nice too! When staying here, we didn't even miss not being on the strip. We never had to leave our hotel paradise!! We will definitely go back soon!!!
4	Stayed here on a "staycation" with one of their spa packages, a great deal!  The pool area is pretty spacious, it was near deserted when we stayed so we sat poolside all 3 days.  Nice selection of restaurants. We visited the burger joint for a quick bite to find... 2 for 1 burgers, say what?  Dunno if that was happy hour or what, but hey!  Now that they have a Yardhouse this is truly a "don't need to leave the hotel" hotel.
4	I can't believe I'm reviewing RR and not giving it 5 stars but after my 4th visit, I'm averaging, the first 3 were 5 stars, the last visit, this year, only 3.We just got back, and while it was still as amazing of a place- I mean they do know how to build a great hotel and keep it up- there was more problems this trip than I would have ever anticipated.  Previously, I always said that this place spoiled me, nowhere I'd ever been had been so thoroughly perfect from reservation to check out, always stellar.This time, check in was awful- they booked me into a room on 17th floor, gave me a key, I went up with bags, husband and tired 4 year old to find key didn't work.  Damn.  Had to go back down to desk to get new key.New key worked, but room wasn't made up, at all. Bed covers were crumpled on floor, tv was blasting, newspapers and other things strewn around the room. Couldn't tell if someone was still in it or not, didn't want to keep snooping to find out.Went downstairs to get checked in room that was ready, got apology and key to new room on 12th floor. Went into room, clean, yes? FINALLY settling in, hubby tries internet -not working, says wrong name/room combo- figured it was his computer and went down to cafe to eat.At cafe, chat with waitress (see her everytime, sweet lady) and when paying for dinner, find that the charge says our room number and name don't match up, another name is registered to that room.GO BACK TO FRONT DESK, am told we have been given room already registered (with active keys out there) to someone else. GREAT. The big offer is to have bell staff move our bags, which they do, to the VERY end of the hall away from elevator. Steaming mad at this point- oh, it's my hubby's birthday, did I mention?After complaining next day, they offered a $25 credit on room, but when checking out, no credit, had to go back and request it all over again.  Other 'lowlights' tub (luxurious and deep) water supply makes whole room (and neighbor's room) shake when filling, sounds like a mack truck in bathroom, shower handle so weirdly unhinged that only HOT or cold water come out- hot water so hot that it could burn your hand in less than 10 seconds. OUCH.  You also now need wristbands to get in the pool and you get your bags searched, no outside water? Seriously? You can bring in starbucks, though, so I filled my Frapp with Malibu for my own poolside cocktail. :) Cherry, the nightclub, is closed, not sure why, but doesn't reek of 'hot spot' so much anymore,  pool hours have always surprised me, that basically, after 7, it's closed, overcharged for 2 mini bar items although they actually cleaned out the mini bar to empty the third day with no explanation.The rest of the place and our experience were still great, the room was really REALLY nice, the hotel staff -Tempest made up our room most days and was OUTSTANDING, Linda in the buffet was GREAT! and the weekly AM staff at the Village smoothies was sooooo NICE!We'll be back next year, I'm hoping they've worked out the kinks, I can't bear to stop telling everyone this is the best place on the planet for a vacation with the kids or without!
4	Great family place! Good amenities and service - huge hotel with 70 lane bowling alley, bingo room for 500, food court, kids check-in with arcade, gym in spa area, ummm, if I missed anything you can check it out for yourself. ;). 20 min from downtown so a bit removed which worked out for us.  We weren't in the middle of all the action which is kinda nice; enjoyed the peace and quiet.   Pool area is large and has a starburst of more than 6 pools all kid friendly being no more than 4 or 5 feet deep.   You'll understand 'Starburst' when you see a picture of the pool area!  Rooms are nice and well kept, forgot to ask for a pool facing room but the mountains were nice too.
4	It's so bright, you gotta wear shades.  This is bling at it's most.  So much glistening glass tile and what not, it's pretty but too much and it's well too much.  The spa is nice, masasge was great with an experienced therapist but the tub is just ho hum.  Mandalay is more relaxing.
4	As a local, I love da Red Rock. Love the clean & beautifully decorated casino. Admire the lovely rooms and the view of the strip from afar. Love the lack of smoke. Enjoy the buffet, Love the steak house. Like the coffee shop. Mostly like the fact that it isn't a tacky "locals" casino being a local myself and all:) I try to get my out of town guests out here to see how the locals can really live. Forgot one of the best things....it's very close to Red Rock State Park and their decorator took it's cue from that magnificent treasure in the desert.
5	"Here, I've got something I want to show you." A prostitute sneak attacks me. So we've been drinking on the Vegas strip. Cut to 2AM, many hours into our night out. We stop by the good ol' Red Rock since my friend lives a few minutes from here, and we're all pretty damn drunk, me most of all.We want to play some poker, and there's a list, at 2 in the morning! Okay, so we put ourselves on the list and hang out by the bar adjacent to the poker room. This is when she appears. I am drunk, and therefore, she appears to be attractive. She approaches us and starts talking about how her dad has cancer. Being the sympathetic guy that I am, I listen intently, offering her my condolences and hoping everything is okay. About midway through the conversation, the three of us get called to our poker table. My two friends go to play some poker, but I decide to stay behind and offer this girl some of my company.So we sit down at the bar. We talk more about her father, how crappy the situation is, and she buys us both drinks from the bar. And then, a lull in the conversation. I pick up my drink, look around, and take a deep drink. While my head's turned away, my new friend says, "hey! I've got something I want to show you." "Sure doll, what is it?" I turn back to face her, and she's lifting her shirt. She's revealing her bra, which is barely holding back some huge fake babylons. At least a few quiet seconds pass by. Then I ask:"So...what about them?""Oh, just thought you might want to see.""Do you have breast cancer??""No...."Her face is covered by her shirt, her arms extended into the air. She looks like some sort of geist. I'm very confused. So we get back to talking. She's part European mutt, part Native Americans, and she -loves- Asian guys apparently. I thought this was a weird direction for the conversation to turn but whatever floats her crazy boat. I'm barely able to think straight at this point. I listen to the story of how her last Asian boyfriend didn't want to marry her, and so dumped her just a few months ago. She's heartbroken over this. I feel sorry for her again. I'm also wondering how my friends are doing in poker now, what's that song playing right now, and when I'm going to be able to sleep. I'm freaking exhausted. After a few more minutes of strange convo, she says, "Hey, I've got to go to the restroom, please watch my purse." "Sure." I order myself another drink, and the bartender tells me, "You know what this woman does for a living, right?" "No, she didn't tell me. I'd guess a nurse of some kind?" "She's a hooker." "Hahaha." He gives me a stoic look and shakes his head. "Ohhh..."I won't tell you the rest of the story. Needless to say I was shocked, dismayed, disappointed, and I made the right choice that night.
5	I'm a part-time local of Las Vegas. I prefer Red Rock casino to ANY casino in Vegas thus far. It's the perfect blend of local casino ease and Vegas strip glitz without the tourism. It's cleaner than a local casino. The ceilings are high enough that it doesn't smell like a carton of marlboros. The structure of this place is big yet small, wide yet simple enough to go around without getting lost. Bingo, Keno, Poker rooms are all around, and most dealers are friendly.It also serves as a movie theatre and bowling alley. A diner's delight with a decent buffet, yardhouse, a fine Japanese and Steak restaurant, Grand Luxe Cafe, and a mini food court. There's even a club, "Cherry", which I've never set foot in but hear it's pretty neat-O. Concerts come around here, including an acoustin Lauryn Hill, which happened a few years ago. Parking is easy-breezy.Place isn't shabby at all. Not too crowded, not too local. It's just right. Goldilock's would have said so.Even when I lose, I go home happy. Truth.
4	My 100th review had to be saved for this gorgeous place. Beautiful, just lovely, at least for a casino. I only stayed one night for my birthday but was able to enjoy room service, the pool, LBS Burger and The Grand Cafe. To be fair I had been here before. I was there for a movie; got to park in the garage and take a short walk to the theater and quickly leave after it was over. I didn't get to see the whole place then. Now that I have I kind of feel bad I didn't get back to it soon enough. The room was fabulous. I got a standard king with a strip view. I loved the bathroom with it's marble tiles and vinyl wallpaper. The big tub was awesome all except the faucet. It's not really made for a person to be in it as it fills. I stepped in front of it to turn it off and splashed water everywhere. Don't be an impatience doof like me, just wait because it's worth waiting for. The bed was comfy with extra pillows. I liked the room layout but was not digging the chocolate brown and puke green accents. I understand it's a modern thing but it's not my style. Also it seems that dark brown walls must be hard to keep clean because as soon as the lights went low I could spot every little hick up on the wallpaper. Still I had a great night's sleep and enjoyed ordering a movie straight from the flat screen TV. Hubby and I ordered room service, and it was up to us in less that 30 minutes. We are a bit odd with our food choices, he had two orders of pot stickers and I ordered a hot dog. Yep, the room service menu is that big. We also had tuxedo strawberries, and those things were so big and juicy I almost wanted to weep with joy. Way better than a Birthday cake. (At least to me.) The gal that brought it up couldn't have been more pleasant. She asked me if she was pronouncing my last name correctly, talked about the movie we had paused and went over the bill politely to make sure everything was perfect. I liked the pool in essence and it's exactly like the pictures show it to be. It looks like it might be a relaxing place to grab some sun. It's not, at least it wasn't for me, they blast obnoxious music like it's trying to be some douchy party pool. I went in the early morning when it was nearly empty, so later in the day when it fills up and the sounds of people milling about could drown out the music a bit, but it's just a guess. I really like all the chandeliers and they somehow reminds me of a SNL skit. "Nothing says I'm loaded like a chandelier." They are everywhere here and they are beautiful. The lobby has an extra spectacular one, which I got to thoroughly enjoy while looking for a handicapped accessible way to get to check in from the casino. I found the elevator down, but you need a key card. How do you get a card? You check in. Hello? Oxymoron. Overall it was a nice experience and it's in a great location away from the hustle of the city and strip. They have many places to eat and more than just gambling for entertainment. I wish I could have enjoyed the spa but I'll just have to save it for next time.
4	I think this is one of the few casinos that has it all.  A good variety of machines in all denominations and both reel-to-reel and video poker.  A rocking sports book with the obligatory "cheerleading dressed hot dawg girl" on the weekends. A decent sized parking lot that is well lit. Good bingo hall with separate smoking seating.  (and the troll lady for the 11, 1 & 3pm sessions) For those who want something other than gaming 24/7, there is a good movie theater with an IMAX attached, a huge bowling alley and it's proximity to its namesake Red Rock Canyon National Conservation Area is about 10 miles away. There is a full spa and fitness center and a fabulous pool area that is open from April to at least mid October.  The Food: (this is yelp after all) Here is where we've eaten:The Feast Buffet: Not the best but certainly not the worst.  Great variety of cooking stations (I think 6 or 7) and nicely appointed seating so you really don't feel like you are in a buffet. LBS:  This is by far my favorite restaurant in Red Rock.  They grind their own meat to make the patties and even make their own vegan ones which I'm told are so tasty they should package them for resale. The onion rings are sublime. Cabo:  I'm not a great fan of here but my son LOVES their wings.  Sadly they have cut their hours back to 4pm-9pm daily so no more late night wing take out for him.  Terra Rossa:  decent table cloth Italian. Good zabaglione--not on the menu..you have to ask for it.    Yard House: no matter what time of day into late night, I've never been able to get in here.  T-Bones: Decent steaks (worth taking a cab over the bridge to John Cutter's) I love the  atmosphere at Red Rock.  It's very modern and low key with great elements.  The first time I went into Aria on the strip I thought I'd walked into Red Rock since there were similar in vibe.  But Red Rock provides what Aria cannot and that is an all inclusive resort.  Really if you are coming for a short weekend jaunt and really want to just kick back, there is no better value, in my opinion, than Red Rock.
4	Came here Fall of 2008, I'm a fan. Clean, large, great room. The shower was a little small, but no big deal. Tub was large and roomy. I really enjoyed the bed, comfy and the sheets were crisp without being loud, if that makes sense. They have an entertainment system in there, some Bose system, and the music sounds really good, they have a mix CD of acid jazz (lounge style) that sounds good. Didn't make it to the pool, but it was large and looked clean/well maintained. The casino was a little dead, but it was in the morning when I went, don't ask. The restaurants there were good, there was a Japanese one there, izakaya style, I dont' remember the name, but it wasn't bad. I'll come here again, but I'd need a fairly large group becuase it's so removed from the strip (20 minutes, maybe more). Great get-away.
5	It's simple. Do yourself a favor and avoid The Strip and stay here.The room was beautiful and clean. The spa was fantastic- clean facilities- clean steam room, I had an excellent massage, and the gym is really nice (and they give you water).The pool and the cabana's were very nice and comfortable and the staff were all friendly and fast. The bar outside mixed excellent drinks.The food was excellent everywhere we ate.The bowling alley had good rates and plenty of space.The casino is not so crowded and also, there aren't hookers everywhere come nightfall, like at Planet Hollywood Casino.Basically, I have no complaints. It was a wonderful time, very relaxing, with excellent service all around.
4	I've been coming here since the week after it opened! I figured that I did not need to come during the opening, I don't do well in crowds, plus it's not like the casino is going to up and walk away!We've stayed here and we play here. I love this location in regards to: it's 5 mins away from our house, the customer service is top notch, it's clean-- most especially the restrooms and they have a few concerts here and there of bands that us old foggies would definitely appreciate! Their theater is nice and clean, they have an arcade and pretty nifty bowling alley.The rooms decor and design are very modernized. The beds were a notch below the comfort level at the Wynn but they were way better than any of the other beds (other than Wynn) on the the strip. Bathroom does remind me a little of the ones you'd find in the Venetian.I love that the cocktail waitresses, for the most part, remember who we are, so when we return for play, they pretty much know what we like! They're super nice and very sweet. Our favorite is Rose Marie, I hearts you!I have yet to actually utilize the pool, it was 30 degrees out when we stayed here and the pool was closed lol so maybe one day. But during the summer, I've noticed that they have a few table games by the pool, that's for those of you who like to play some where other than the smoke infested inside. I love that they now have a Yard House! Other than that, we don't really choose to eat here. Just to play, drink, bowl and watch movies.Football season is awesome, they always have some kind of specials... This year it's $1 beer and $1 hot dogs during football games. Sometimes they televise fights at the Sports Book... Not really any negatives that I can think of?
4	My high school held our reunion here.   I was pleasantly surprised with the quality of buffet food which was pretty good with a wide selection.  Often, banquets fare is poor or just "meh".   The staff was attentive and the facility itself lovely, especially having the reception on a patio with a great view of the Red Rock hills.  Valet parking is free and fast with getting your car back.   I'd come back here.
4	This is a review of the Spa ONLY. This past spring my sister came into town and we wanted to treat ourselves to a birthday gift. Our birthdays fall 12 days apart so often we celebrate together. The Red Rock Spa seemed like the perfect place to get some girly pampering for a decent price. We scheduled a late morning appointment and showed up early to check in and take advantage of the pool facilities. We loved the pool. Beautiful, great pool side service. Perfect relaxing morning with some mimosas and light gossip magazine reading. Next up was a dip in the hot tub while we waited for our appointments. Again beautiful setting, very relaxing, and friendly staff. We were escorted back for our treatment. We both signed up for a scrub/wrap/massage combo that was in the $150 -$200 range, I can't remember exactly, but looking at the "menu" now it was probably the Replenishing Renewal. All I know is the experience was WONDERFUL! My masseuse was fabulous, equal attention to all body parts, extra special attention where requested. The scrub and the wrap felt amazing. Wonderful work! I left feeling completely relaxed, refreshed and rejuvenated! We left there and had a light, late lunch in the casino then home to drink wine and read more gossip magazines and watch mindless reality shows! Perfect girly sisters day!!!I highly recommend the spa, I wish I could remember the name of my masseuse so I can request her next time and recommend her to you all. Next time :)
4	I came out to Vegas to see the Squirrel Nut Zippers play here. It was awesome. What a nice place, too.Don't try to go here if you're a tourist and don't have a car. I took a city bus and it took us like 2 hours. (I'm an idiot)If you can make it here, it's a really nice joint.
4	This is a nice casino.  Almost all the machines are slant tops and the chairs are very comfortable.I have not stayed at the property, but I have seen the room friends were staying in when they were here and it was quite nice.What more can one say?  Above average casino especially for a locals joint!
3	This is a nice casino hotel but there are a few in room disadvantages.  The fridge is pre stocked with their drinks and food.  If you want someplace to put your own food and drinks, the only option is to rent a fridge for $15 a day.  It will take more than 24 hours for it to get cold.  There's no microwave.  That's $15 more a day if you want it.  This is not a room for kids.  If they pick up a box of cookies and don't place the package back in 0:45 seconds, you just bought it.  There are only 2 power outlets about 10 feet from the closest bedside.  The bathroom is nice, but lacking a few things. Example: The shower is separate from the tub, but the dry towel rack is behind the door so you have to get out and close the shower door to reach it.  There are plenty of PROS too.  I really liked the way the hallways are decorated. The doors to the rooms are positioned away from the walking paths.  This makes it much quieter in the room.  Theres a wall TV in the bedroom, but also in the bathroom over the tub.  Since I have a 4th floor room about one room from the elevator, it's a plus too.  The hallways are long.  I'm guessing 75 yards or longer.  If you have a end of the hall room, there's not an elevator down there.  It's just on one side of the building.
4	I like the fact that Red Rock is close to home and there is a lot of places you can go within the casino. They have Restaurants like The Yard House, Cabo, Hachi, T Bones Chop House, Terra Rossa, LBS, Grand Cafe, The Bagel Cafe, Feast Buffet and The Sandbar. There are also fast food choices like Panda Express, Fat Burger, Villa Pizza, Rubios, Tropical Smoothie, Capriotti's, Starbucks, Ben and Jerrys. If you don't like to gamble there is also a bowling alley and a movie theater inside. Every now and then I like to play their slot machines. I do better here then playing on the strip. Instead of lasting 30 min I last a couple of hours. I usually walk out a winner if my greed doesn't get the best of me! Lately their players club specials seemed to be amped up. I used to get just one coupon for a buy one get one free buffet a month. Lately I've noticed 2 more deals a month for comped food and more free play. You need to join the Players Club in order to receive these deals though.
4	Let me start off by saying why I didn't rate this casino higher.  My only problem with this place that unless you have a car rental when your in vegas its going to be a very expensive cab ride.  But this is where my negativity ends.  Red Rock is a freakin awesome casino.  They have a wide range of restraunts that are diverse in choices and prices.  I ate at the italian joint they have and I must say it was quite good and the prices weren't too bad for an upscale restraunt.  The dealers are friendly and engaging and the drinks come around quickly.  My overall experience was great and recommend to anyone to take a trip out to Red Rock!
5	This is probably the most recently built casino on this side of town. If you're here to chill park in the west parking structure. That side brings you straight to the bowling alley, the movie theaters (which offers the IMAX experience) and the food court which has a whole bunch of good eats.. Including Fat Burger which is open 24hrs here. There's also a Yardhouse inside.If you're here to stay park in the east parking structure. It's closer to the entrance of the rooms, spas, shopping stores and this big lounge area near the front desks for check-in. The rooms are gorgeous. Let's just say there's a in the tub! The pool area is gigantor and for some reason is the shape of a key hole. I said shape not size, okay cus I also said gigantor. I got to experience the Spa here. It's definitely time to yourself. It was almost too good to be true. There's a dry sauna and a moist sauna. There's a lounge room with lovely red couches and complementary drinks & snacks. a huge indoor jacuzzi. Even a room to fix yourself up after.There's plenty of your typical neighborhood stores across the street as well. It's a cool resort if you don't wanna be on the strip.
4	Wow.  I suppose the is my first "off strip" casino trip.  Very impressed.  This facililty is beautiful.They have the Wheel of Fortune slots with the bonus multiplier which scores bonus points from me.  The slots seemed pretty loose and I was able to walk out with a few extra dollars.  They also have a poker room toward the front and tons of table games.  Free drinks were served promptly with a smile.There are a few restaurants whose menus looked yummy, but of course, pricy.  We opted for the $20 buffet and it was good.  There were a few questionable items (Mexican food looked sketchy and some of the seafood as well), but overall, the food was good.  I had stromboli, walnut shrimp, shrimp and pork wontons, pasta and some spicy tuna rolls.  Quite a variety and very tasty.I need to stay at this place to give a full review, but for now it's a solid four stars for Red Rock Casino Resort & Spa.
4	So I have stayed here only once, (I live in Vegas) but the one time I did stay here it was worth it.  The room was very comfortable and elegant, and all the amenities of the hotel were great as well.  Since it is a Station Hotel and Casino it has everything that someone who lives here would want to do (movie theater, bowling alley, food court with affordable food, great restaurants of mid level and pricey fair, and of course the casino itself with a great race and sports book).  So it's a great place to hang out if you want or stay and relax.  Oh, I forgot to mention that they have a great pool area when it gets warmer ;) So overall a great place to check out if your in the Summerlin Area and want something to do.
4	This a hotel for the locals. They have a bowling alley and movie theater (which has IMAX) in the hotel. It's a beautiful hotel in Summerlin that is one of the more recently built casinos. It has huge casino and a food court. I ate at Fat Burger while I was here was a little pricey after I built my burger but still good. There are a ton of slot machines to choose. The waitresses were friendly and served drinks quite promptly. I'd like to stay here one day so I can update my review.  ^_^*~
4	When Red Rock opened, I was disappointed by the lack of my old-fashioned nickel reel slots.  I didn't go back for a very long time.  Since that time, all the other casinos have slowly but surely gotten rid of them, so I've been forced to play the penny machines.  I'm even starting to like them!So when we decided to take advantage of the special pricing at the Feast Buffet, I tried my hand at some of the penny machines, and I didn't lose my money.  I didn't cash out my voucher, and returned the next day.  This time I tripled my "investment." (We're talking Low Roller here). So how can I bad-mouth Red Rock now?  I enjoyed it.  The seats were comfortable and in good shape.  And the free glass of wine was BIG.  I'll go back for sure.
5	Very cool spot to spend with the family.  12 miles off the strip, it is new, gorgeous and full of stuff to do for the whole family.  Life is different in Vegas with two kids and you have to change your focus a bit.  Bowling, movies, arcades and restaurants.  All good stuff.Great hotel, but the restaurants are hit and miss with both quality and staffing.  We will definitely be back here.
3	if only this hotel was located closer to the strip, i would rate it higher. so instead, i would rate this 3.5. The standard room was of good size. the bathroom offered great water pressure and a tv to rest while taking a bath. the beds were not comfortable at all but the linen was ok. the resort fee was $28/night which i believe is a joke considering we visited during New years and the pool was not even used. another tip. get a room close to the elevators because it is a lengthy walk if you are at the end of the hallway
5	One of the most upscale local joints in town, Red Rock is one of my favorite places.  Here's why:- The decor & design is amazing.  It's not your typical cookie cutter locals casino joint that is shaped like a box.  There are some amazing architectural designs here.- The restaurants.  There is a great selection of restaurants here....but keep in mind, they're not cheap.  If you want value, this is not the place for you.- Parking.  There is adequate parking and it's easy to navigate to/from your car.- Cleanliness.  This place is always clean and well kept.  Some local joints have gone downhill in this respect during the recession, not here.- Events & concerts.  They always have cool events like Rock and Roll Wine here.  On occasion, they'll bring in a big headliner so you don't have to go to the Strip to see them.- The rooms are awesome.  I've only stayed in a one bedroom suite here, which was an awesome suite.  Lots of square footage, upscale furniture, and the bedding is top notch.  It's a well designed hotel.Will I return?  No doubt about it!
5	As we head out again for one of our Las Vegas long weekends, I am once again booking my spa treatments at the Red Rock.  Their services are reasonably priced and their staff is friendly and not so pretentious.   They always have availability and can accommodate last minute.  I believe there is a shuttle from downtown, but we always rent a car so we can go to local restaurants and such.  They have an adventure spa which includes hiking and horseback riding.  They have a great movie theater and bowling alley so it is fun if you have children.  They have a few  restaurants, but Vegas, like Chicago has your choice of phenomenal food choices so heading to the local casinos restaurants for dinner is not my first choice but they will do.  Their buffet is clean and reasonable if you like buffets.There are a lot of locals so it never gets too crazy.  Gambling is fair and the dealers are friendly and fun. The casino is clean and still very new.  They have renovated and added on since their initial debut a few years ago. It is about 25 minutes from the STRIP but worth the drive.
4	I recently had a conference at this place.  It was good place for a conference in Vegas in that it kept you off the strip -- aye, the temptation that would mess with your work, and there was plenty to do at the resort. Some parts looked a little tired (carpet) and the food, overall, was a notch above mediocre. The (blackjack) tables sucked!!! I lost all my money. 10/12 of my friends lost money as well. What are the odds? Methinks the cards are stacked against us. Try another casino for better results. On the premise there was a Yardhouse, sushi, Fatburger, and about 8 other restaurants. Also, a bowling alley (damn it, forgot my bowling ball). Overall, I would be cool if I went back for work, but if it was for pleasure, stay on the strip.Customer service was excellent.
4	I thought this casino was a nice change if you want to get away from the strip. It was roughly 25 minutes away from the main strip by shuttle that you can catch near the Encore.The gaming was pretty much the same as the main casinos but a few games were cheaper.  The food selections were numerous and the hotel seemed to be geared for a more family friendly atmosphere. I only visited the casino for a few hours but they had a Regal 16, a bowling alley, kids arcade and various food choices for both kids and adults. I wouldn't mind coming back here and spending a little more time to see all of the features this hotel offers. The hotel was clean and the people that worked there were friendly. Check it out if you have a few extra hours or if you want a cheaper alternative to the main casinos.
5	The Red Rock Spa - If you get a chance this is the place to stop for a great massage. You can spend $300+ on the strip however if you want something that does not feel like a hotel massage, come here. The Spa facilities are great with Hot\Cold Plunge, Steam Room, Dry Sana, Water Falls etc. Haley who was my therapist remembered me from two years ago but she has an excellent way of making her clients feel welcome. My favorite treatment is the Shirodhara hot stone massage for which is an excellent treatment to get you in the feeling "bliss mood" I travel often to Las Vegas and I hope to stop by and see her every chance I can get.
4	Sightseeing and ran into this place, very nice setting/location abet not close to the Strip.  Liked the openness of casino layout.  Forgot to peek into the bowling alley.
4	I had a gift card given to me by my inlaws so I was off to the spa. Its nice that they offer the locals discount 7 days a week. I went for an espresso scrub since my skin could use a proper shedding this winter.I had a wonderful lady named Ginger do my scrub and it was soooo nice. You get all scrubbed front and back then rinse in the rain shower and then she rubs you with some creamy & rich lotion.It was exactly what my skin needed. I left feeling refreshed and my skin was glowing.
4	I went to the Red Rock for a business event and it was quite enjoyable. The meeting rooms were suitable and staff was helpful.  I liked my room--great canyon view, very comfortable bed, luxurious bathroom (loved the flat panel TV above the bathtub!).  The wireless Internet connected quickly and didn't drop me (important for business).  I did not get to partake of the amenities but some of my colleagues said the gym was terrific.  I think the fact that there was a bowling alley in the resort is cool and wish I had been able to visit it.  Ditto with the pool. We did get to sit outside on the patio for one of our work sessions and it was so beautiful!My only complaint is that there was no "convenience" type of store where I could buy batteries for my travel alarm clock or a book to read.  When a resort is so far off the strip, there really needs to be a drug-store type of option inside the resort.
4	Red Rock is my favorite of all the Station casinos. I love the modern decor, the bowling alley, and the beautiful pool area. The rooms are plush and modern, but I'm always disappointed by how sky-high their rates are ! We've stayed here a couple times and it's been a great stay-cation for us. Green Valley Ranch is our neighborhood casino and has an edge in the shopping department (The District rocks!), but as far as rooms, restaurants, and ammenities go, Red Rock is better.
4	Despite the fact that its way off the strip in the far west side of Las Vegas. It has to be one of the nicest Station Casino, ever built. We decided to come here to check out the resort, since my wife works for Station Casinos, she got a good deal. Located right off 215 and Charleston, stands Red Rock Casino Resort and Spa. The place was very nice and warming, it was easy to get in and get out. I did like the setting, and the way its mapped out. I also like their chandelier which is right next to the check in desk. I don't have to many bad things to say about this place. It did take us a while to figure out where the elevators were, for the rooms. But finally making it to the room, it was a nice room. Not as big, but a decent size for a short stay, or a place to lay your head and get away from the strip. We got the strip view, where we were able to see the strip from our room. It was kind of a small scenery, but it was nice to see Vegas from afar. The room itself, its laid out okay, it had most amenities that hotel rooms should have. I did like their bathroom which was nice and they had a big tub. Overall, its a decent size room. We basically stayed for the night, enjoyed the view of the night lights of the strip, as well as enjoyed eating there. I did like Grand Cafe, but again, its a 24 hour diner, i didn't expect much from it. But, it is i a nice setting, and very roomy. We also had LBS Burger Joint, which was okay, wasn't really satisfied about it, but it was okay. We also got Room Service, and that wasn't bad either, but a bit on the pricey side. The swimming pool, was very nice. It has a main pool in the center and smaller ones around it. So you don't have to be crowded in one big pool. Very well thought out, when they made the swimming pool area. We did go early morning, when it opened, but it looks like it could be convenient for everyone. Over all, this place is well recommended. Either for long or short stay, I would say that you'll really enjoy it. Very nice place, very well mapped out.
5	Loved it loved it loved. Before I moved here, I stayed 4 nights and let me tell you..I'm bummed I had to check out. From the pool to the staff, nothing dissapoints.
5	This place is awesome!If I were to stay off the strip I would definitely stay here. Friends of mine just moved right around the corner from here so we went in my first night in town and almost didn't make it out. The place is totally clean and the bar in the middle reminded me of the one at the Mandalay.I learned how to play Craps for the first time in my life (was awesomeness) and one of the pit bosses signed me up for their rewards program. I got a voucher for a free buffet, free slot play, and a voucher for a free room so next time I come out to visit my peeps I can get my own place :)I'll be seeing you Red Rock!
5	My hubby and I came here to check out the rooms and met with the coordinator to help decide where we would do our room block for our wedding.  We met with Ty and he was friendly and helpful.  He showed us several rooms which included the standard room, luxury suite, presidential suite, penthouse suite, and the top dog of them all...The One 80 suite!  They were all luxuriously furnished and breathtaking.  We ended up booking this hotel since it's more of a local spot, it was close to the Country Club, and basically all the amenities you get.  The resort includes a spa, pool, movie theater, fast food court, restaurants, bars, bowling alley, kids quest, and of course table games and slot machines.  They also provide a complimentary airport shuttle.  The rooms were about $100 with our room block discount.  The rooms were spacious and had everything you need for a comfortable stay.  Upon check-in the clerks were friendly.  Valet was quick and easy.The only downfall I would say was the swimming pool.  We came here in the summer and the pools were cold.
5	This is [was] my local spot!  Years ago, you would have caught me here gambling the night away at a 21 tables, but the times have changed, I'm older, SOBER and married so now I stay away......:(Oh well, such is life!On a lighter note, I love and still enjoy how UN-crowded it is, the food court, Starbucks, the movie theater, the restaurants, and the insane amount of parking!Great employees/customer service and a CLEAN place!I'd give 'em 10 stars if I could!
5	Beautiful! and lots of fun awaits you here! a must see away from the strip!.
4	This is my favorite of the Station Casinoes even though GVR is very close. But it has a great look and feel everywhere and worth checking out.The M is still my favorite "Locals" casino but if you are in Summerlin check it out.I also like the sportsbook here even though it is very similar to Aliante. So, I will use Red Rock to speak for GVR and Aliante. But it is well put together with comfy seats and big screens with good audio. I also like being able to have a members card for sports betting too which is rare for some reason for sports betting. My only complaint is that the screens are projection and have distortion spots in the middle of the picture. Bathroon rating***4 star place to poo, nothing too fancy but clean***
4	My absolute favorite place to stay. This is the standard by which I judge other casinos. Their basic rooms include a huge bathtub with a television in front of it! The rooms are beautifully decorated and the beds are so comfortable. Room service is a bit steep, but fair. They even have a special card to hang on your door at night so they can deliver your breakfast! The room comes with a huge flat panel TV, a mini bar with fridge, a desk and a phone. You can plug your iPod into the radio as well.The property has an amazing pool, a spa, bowling alley, Kids Quest play area, arcade, movie theater, fast food court and several restaurants. You could definitely spend all weekend here without leaving the property.The casino is pretty nice. Not too smoky at all. The slots are great. Loose enough to keep you playing. On weekdays the cocktail waitresses can be few and far in between. They have a massive bowling alley and they had $3 drinks for happy hour! The bartenders were incredibly friendly.The restaurant staff is the reason for only four stars instead of five. We encountered rude staff everywhere except the Mexican place, Cabo. When we were gambling, my blood sugar got really low. We walked into Grand Cafe, their diner, and I tried to get something from their to-go pastry case. Four employees were at the register and not one of them would help me. The front desk staff was really nice. When I mentioned that my meal at LBS was so terrible that I had to order room service, the gentleman assisting me comped the room service. Join their players club and make sure to include an email address. They frequently send out discounted room rates.
5	The Red Rock is an awesome property.  The staff was welcoming, the food excellent, and the gaming was equal or better than what I've experienced on the strip.  The craps dealers are knowledgeable and helpful - and they too appreciated my business.  My wife and I could not get over the attention to detail in every part of the hotel including our room.  Our standard room appeared larger than standard rooms at the Paris or Golden Nugget.   The bathroom had double sinks, a soaking tub (w/ flat panel t.v.) and separate shower.  I could go into even greater detail here, but just trust me when I say the attention to detail at the RR is incredible.  One other comment - is the distance from the strip.  It is about 20 minutes.  It's not a problem for us and the positives of the RR are so great - especially escaping the madness, noise and crowds of the strip. Finally, we got home yesterday and I've already booked a return trip in early December.
4	nicest local casino on this side of town. it has it all! movie theater, spa, pool, kids quest, table games, great dinning, beautiful rooms, conference rooms, a lounge/club, bingo, poker room, etc. i come to this casino maybe once a week to get some good grubbin on. whether it's the buffet, hachi, lbs., yard house, or even just the food court it's all good. if i'm not eating then i'm checking out a new flick at the regal theater. after a meal, you can find me at the ultimate poker or crazy 4 table. one of the neatest things i recently found out about this casino/resort is they offer yoga and pilates classes to guest and the public. i have scheduled myself and three other friends to check out a yoga class this up coming monday. =) i'll let you know how it goes in my next review.
4	As previously stated, it's kind of far from the strip. Otherwise it's a really nice hotel. Movie theater, bowling alley, lots of pools/spas. Be careful of the mini bar items. Lol. The one on top with snacks and "other" items will auto charge you if they're out of their spot for more than 45 seconds.
5	I love this place!Since neither my wife nor I drink or gamble, this place was perfect for us.  We thought the rooms were spacious, the view was great (overlooking pool), the atmosphere was relaxing, and the location allowed us to avoid the frenetic pace and people on the strip.  We'll definitely choose to come back here rather than a place on the strip.
4	This review is strictly for the hotel stay. My husband and I received a free night here the day before Valentines day. The room was nice and comfy... it was a shame I had to work the next day because I wouldn't mind lounging around for the day. The color pallet of this room had the rich colors of nature all the way down to the floor. The tub was done in a nice gray and white marble and so was the shower. The bed felt softer than a double pillow top mattress. They also had a nice flat screen TV facing the bed but I fell asleep as soon as my head hit the pillow.
4	Next time I go to Vegas I am definitely staying here.  I came here just to visit some of my boyfriends, friends who had just gotten married. It was elegant, and had everything you could want. It was an amazing resort. We went to a 11pm movie and came out and ate Fat Burger in the same clothes we went to the wedding in. It was like a fantasy life.
3	If you're looking for the Vegas experience, stay on the strip.  We thought we'd try this place having heard pretty good things about it and were somewhat disappointed.  The check-in staff was not welcoming and was ready to send us on our way because they couldn't find our reservation.  We were told we would have to call Priceline...then they randomly found it.  The biggest let down was the convenience factor overall -- location of the hotel and overall property layout gives much to be desired.  Better hope you're not staying in room 160 because there's only 1 set of elevators that gets you down to the lobby/casino during the winter months and it's at the very end near room 1!  That means you have to walk past 159 rooms to get to yours!  There's a 2nd set half way down the long corridor but don't be fooled...you'll get stuck at the closed pool entrance!  And to get to the strip is about a 30 minute drive...  Housekeeping wasn't great.  I had a bunch of obvious trash in the bathroom because there was no receptacle, and when they cleaned the room, they just left it.  The rooms were nice and the hotel was clean.  Room service was good.
5	Not a single con to report this time!  Our rooms were ready at 2:00, we were given the right room keys, the hallways were nice and cool, our luggage was up in 10 minutes and our room was spotless!  We loved every minute of our stay and hated to go home.
5	Hands down the best place I've stayed in Vegas.  Staying at Red Rock is like being in a sexy movie.  The rooms, the casino, the pool; it's all gorgeous.   The only bad thing I can say about this place is its distance from the strip, a 30 minute cab ride.  On the other hand, getting away from the strip isn't necessarily such a bad thing.  Can't wait to come back and rock this spot again.
5	Love this place. A convenient place to crash for dirtbag climbers going to nearby Red Rocks. Modern and spacious rooms. Just don't pickup any snacks or the bottle of Belvedere for more than 30s or you will get charged for it. lol!We were playing blackjack and a guy told us it is very popular for locals since it is new and they have lower limits for some of the tables. There's also a Yard House and a great Japanese restaurant called Hachi. Of course, their breakfast buffet is ridiculously good for only $5. Remember to get a player's card to get the discount though. Get in line early for breakfast and note there's a different line if you a hotel guest. Seems to be super popular for locals as well. If the line is too long, you can always retreat to Starbucks.We came during the NCAA tournament, so anytime there was a game going on, you could get $1 hot dogs and $1 bud lights. We took advantage of this pretty much every day.I believe this will be our go-to spot anytime we fly in for some climbing at Red Rocks. We didn't once go to the strip.
2	I had heard so much over the years about Red Rock Casino, I was really excited to finally get there. When I arrived it reminded me of the Riverwalk in Rancho Mirage. It had that Palm Springs Vibe but I was way disappointed when I walked in. The place looked like it was nice when it first opened but it looks rundown. I went there for the Feast Buffet because I was told it was BOMB, but the BOMB was a DUD! There wasn't much of a selection and what was there was bland. The meat carving station had the toughest brisket I've ever had. I was so disappointed I thought maybe I could cheer myself up by hitting the tables. The casino was a little small. It was about the size of the Hustler Casino in Gardena, CA. Not a lot of tables but a lot of nickel machines; totally not my scene. Unless they had a killer deal on a room, I probably won't go back.  I'll mark this casino as "been there, done that".
4	If you want in for Happy Hour at the RR bar you better be in line by 4:40. Great place, excellent efficient service, presentation and food. Basic Top shelf liquor served to your order and appetizers all for just $5 ea during M-Th HH at the bar, no card required and no slots.  Beautiful outdoor patio and bar is sophisticatedly elegant casual decor. Please don't spoil it with shorts and flip flops although you should ck for dress code here. Most people were dressy casual and men in sport coats, suits.  Easy in and out on Charleston near the 215. Park to E end of casino unless your walking for exercise.  Our Thur lunch group of 12 did HH instead and everyone loved it and our beautiful waitress. P.S. we are primarily mature female group. I did not care for the taste of the exotic menu drinks,  but the Lemon Drop made for me was Yum.  Only complaints: the chicken pot pie tended to be soupy but was cooked/seasoned to perfection with a beautifully browned crust and do get the creme brulee. Recommend this place to everyone but this bar is not meant for kids!  Two mo after this they completely changed the menu, HH program and prices and not for the good.
3	I was more of a fan when it first opened. It was all new and out West and whatever. But now that time has settled in, it is just ok. There's some good restaurants (and some less good). There's some ok bars. There's a decent selection of tables and slots. It's basically not that different from any other off-Strip casino. The rooms, though, are very nice (clean, modern, and comfy). And the new salon (thanks to the new Brannon Hair) is way better than what it was. To me, though, Green Valley is still better. But I do like the proximity to Red Rock Canyon and the neat outdoors spa offerings.
5	Although I live quite close to Red Rock Hotel I do enjoy my quite time as I have a busy life with kids and work.  The front desk staff was very professional and polite.  I got lucky as it was not crowded when I checked in (Thursday).   The room was clean and didn't smell of smoke.  I do enjoy the table games and slots and I must say the employees at the table games made me feel very comfortable and friendly.We had dinner at Hachi which is a Japanese Restaurant in the Hotel/Casino and thoroughly enjoyed it.  I Would highly recommend this restaurant as they have an $8 menu with 38 different items to choose from. I was actually surprised at the amount of food we got for $8/each definitely worth the value.
5	This is the only casino in Vegas that will ever get 5 stars out of me.First off, it's pretty much as far west from the strip as you can get.  The further away one can get from that boring, soul sucking, over-rated cesspool, the better!  It's also only a few miles from my house, so while I'm stuck living here, this is my go-to spot.  I also love the fact that this place is mostly locals.  The only tourists here are the ones that want to be away from the strip in a more serene environment, or ones that are taking advantage of the awesome spa and accommodations that are found here.  From the few rooms that I've seen in person here, they're all really nice!  The entire staff on the floor and in the establishments are also very nice too!Red Rock is what I like to refer to as a one-stop shop.  Pretty much anything you could ever ask for from an entertainment spot is here.  From great eateries like Yard House, Lbs., Terra Rossa, Grand Cafe, etc.  Then the food court with places to get a quick bite like Fatburger, Cappriotti's, Villa Pizza, Ben & Jerry's, Starbucks, etc.  And plenty of places to grab a drink are set up around the casino.  Then you have Rock's Lounge, where free music acts go down 5 nights a week in a nice and low-key bar/lounge.  And on Saturday nights there are featured music acts with top name performers.  The Feast Buffet here is also very good!  Great food offering all the major and loved types of grub from around the globe. You'll also find a very nice Regal movie theater complete with 16 screens, including an IMAX screen, 3D capability, and DTS & Dolby audio.  The Bingo room here is also very nice!  The nicest and cleanest one in the city.  The bowling alley here is rated one of the best in the nation.  The alleys here are great!  And there are 72 alleys in total, as well as a VIP lanes section.  There is also a nice bar in here as well, then an arcade room for the kids, a snack bar for quick bites, and a bowling pro shop.The swimming pool here is awesome!  It's open daily from 9am-6pm.  There are cabanas, swim-up gaming, and a nice sized pool to please the masses of all ages.  The Sand Bar here is also very nice, and offers drinks and grub to enjoy between your laps.They're building an outdoor amphitheater behind the pool area currently that is set to be operational as of May.  They're offering all sorts of concerts there over the summer, ranging from Motley Crue to Weezer.If you're a regular here, make sure and sign up for the Boarding Pass rewards card.  You can earn points for every dollar you spend on the slots, buffet, bingo, etc., then redeem the points for free play and discounts on all the eateries.  It'll also net you discounts on many things inside the casino, as well as random free-be giveaways on certain holidays.In the end, you can't go wrong coming to Red Rock.  Whether you're on vacation or a local...everything you'll want is here on the property!
5	Just got home from a three night stay at Red Rock and I can honestly say that I will never stay on the strip again....Keep in mind... I've been staying on the strip two to three times a year since I was born.... my parents were big Vegas fans. For the last 20 or so years, my wife and I always book a suite at The Hotel at Mandalay Bay. We decided to switch it up after reading so many great reviews of Red Rock on Yelp and Trip Advisor. Besides, Bruce Hornsby was playing Red Rock so we thought... "Why not?"One of the best decisions we ever made. Here are some of the things we enjoyed at Red Rock that we never could get on the strip... Beautiful suites with a stunning view of Red Rock Canyon, Friendly, caring staff everywhere we went, Cheap great buffets ($4.99 for Breakfast, $6.99 lunch $12.99 dinner), the latest in gaming equipment, an ultra cool 72 lane bowling alley, 16 screen movies, food court with actual good food, great restaurants, great music acts in a lounge that holds maybe 300 people for $20(!), 19 hiking trails of different difficulties, mini fridge in our suite and locals a plenty. Most of the people at the casino were locals. Such a different vibe then the strip.... totally relaxed. Whoever hires and trains the staff is doing a stellar job. I can't emphasize enough how cool everyone was. When I asked a bartender why every staff member we encountered was so cool he thanked me and said it was because no one wants to be fired and have to go back to working on the strip or downtown.Our new favorite place to stay. We didn't visit the strip once.... no need to. Everything you need is right here.
5	the first time i set foot in this place, i was on my way out of town and decided to drive through the red rocks canyon before i left.  but when i got there, it looked too good and it was too hot to go hiking in the afternoon, so i pulled up to the resort and got a room.  and because they never had a walk-in before, they gave me a suite for the price of a standard room as a reward for my obvious impulse control issues.not only did i get back to the canyon in the morning for an amazing hike,  in the meantime i won enough money at the black jack table to pay for the room, my sushi dinner, and a half-hour massage.  as you can imagine, i've been rather enamored of the place ever since.the next time i went, i didn't win.  i lost.  i lost at black jack.  i lost at bingo.  i even lost at bowling.  but i had a great time doing it.  even in the standard room.  it's everything i love about vegas without the desperate strip vibe.
4	We've been to la vegas twice and have stayed at the red rock twice on both sides of the recession.  Our first time out, it was still beinf built and they had a lot going on, being one of the newest resorts.  We liked the fact that it was away from the strip so the atmosphere was a little subdued and they had everything you could want there so we didn't venture too far.Our last time out, everyone in america was tightening their belts and it was evident at the hotel as well.  No more nightly entertainment and the cherry cherry club had cut back their days ( sam has been known to get his dance on when the mood hits).  The rooms werer the same, deep tubs and a flat screen tv's and comfy kingsized beds.  Free highspeed internet in the rooms and a minibar (not too steep).We ate at the buffet and grand cafe most days and the food was good and the service was also good.  They've got a movie theater and bowling alley on the property if you want to do something besides gambling.  We hung out by the pool and enjoyed lunch and cocktails, a little pricey but when one is on vacation one must splurge.All in all, red rock is worth a visit.
4	I rented a room here last year on my birthday and the hotel is really nice.... The decor was classy and the room was awsome with a 42" flat screen and mini flat screen in front of the tub in the bathroom.... Pool is awsome at this hotel as well, not to mention the fact you got a movie theater and bowling all in the same place.
1	Don't wast your time or money.  There are SO many better places in Vegas.My wife and I booked on line, looks pretty cool, away from the strip with a nice relaxed vibe.Red Rock is a complete mess.....First was burned out light bulbs.The TV didn't work, and the fixit crew never got it working in the three days we were there.The music at the pool was heavy Gansta Rap.They will charge you a $28 per day "resort fee" that they won't tell you about until you see your bill.  We checked in late in the afternoon and still had to pay the resort fee for that day.We spoke to hotel management and got a bunch of talk with no action.
5	Been hangin' my hat here since it opened in '06.  You can catch me here just about every Saturday night.Decent video poker.  Some slots now and then.  Buffet is really getting bad but the food court suffices.Movie theatres A+.
5	This is one of Vegas' best kept secrets by the locals.  The Station Casinos have a campaign that states, "We love locals" and the feeling is certainly mutual.  Everyone I talked to was from down the road, across town or had been going there for years and it's not hard to tell why.Everything from the lobby, the lobby bar, the spa, the casino, bowling alley, movie theater and the amenities are top notch, truly.  The restaurant at the casino entry from the hotel could definitely use some work, but the rest of this place more than makes up for their lackluster service.Firstly, the design of this hotel from the curb is strikingly subdued in its vernacular treatment.  The dominance of muted colors that blend with the mountains is inspiring in its grandeur, almost as if the casino had sprung from the earth and disregarded the garish tendencies of the rest of Las Vegas.  If you are someone who appreciates nature and the value of water features in the desert that isn't Belaggadocio, then I would recommend this hotel to you.  An entire side of the hotel features a mountain view in every room that is a welcome shift from the clanging bells and buzzing lights of the strip, this should not be missed at check-in.  If you appreciate the natural beauty that Clark County has to offer, this resort will be right for you.Second, the amenities are incredible for the price.  The rooms feature spa tubs, if you aren't into bath-taking while on vacation, you will be after this stay.  They are big enough for two, deep enough to stretch in and will recharge you after a day of gambling.  That shouldn't detract from the attention the designers spent on the beautiful floor to ceiling marble showers with heavy glass doors and its superior fixtures.    The beds are incredibly soft and are fit with sheets that will make you reevaluate what you have at home.  The hotel was smart in its design, and gave each door to the hallway its own hall, heavily insulated walls, thickly insulated window treatments with hidden valances, and solid core doors.  All of these mean quiet sleep any time of day or night, a must when you are on a winning streak and have to stay at the tables well past bedtime.Last, but certainly not least and to further the amenities is the spa and casino.  This spa is incredible, from its welcoming staff at the spacious entry.  The lighting is mostly natural and soothing in its pale tones and indirect placement.  For the men, there is a lounge with a big television,  tea and fresh fruit are left out for your enjoyment.  They will give you a big plush terry robe on your way into the spa, one of my favorite things...  There is a huge bathing room, showers, and wet and dry sauna which are finished in the same beautifully rich pallet of warm oranges and browns as the rest of the hotel.  Complimentary lockers and spacious changing areas with individual private showers for getting the sweat and sauna smells off the body, all toiletries included.  :-)The casino is outfitted with all the gaming tables you could ask for and boasts the best Keno in Vegas.  They can boast whatever they like, the high ceilings and opulent finish make the game play feel luxurious.  Per the standard, all you care to drink while you are at a gaming table, and friendly staff who are happy to have you sidle up to their table specifically.  If you should decide to go to Vegas for more than a 24 hour tour like I failed to mention (this was actually my third time to Vegas in a year), stay at this resort.  You won't be disappointed if this is your destination.  If you have an aversion to the strip, or if you just want something a little slower than the touristy areas of downtown, you can pair relaxation with gambling here at the Red Rock.  The cherry on top is the amazing desert air and lack of humidity.  Getting away from the humidity is a huge plus in my book, that I wish I could have bottled and brought back to Texas with me.
5	Hands down, My favorite off the strip hotel! Its beautiful, has so much to do, good food, movies, bowling alley, poker, sports bar, decent table minimums, awesome rooms, and first class service.  I'd definitely recommend this resort and would even come back again
5	This review is for the Hotel, Cafe, and Casino. Hotel-My wife and I stayed there last night. They did absolutely everything I asked (which is the reason for the 5 stars), quickly too. Last time we asked for bath salts, they took forever. *This time when we asked she said 5 Min's, we were letting the other people staying with us that I will catch up later. She was there at 5 Min's., so I tipped accordingly. This room again was free like my wife's was a few months ago *so I won't go into details of the room. Cafe-Our previous encounters with the cafe has usually been like pulling teeth to get service. So maybe it was the fact that it was 4:30 am, (I was really thirsty) there was 4 people working there but no customers. Each one of them asked me if they could help me. *The first female asked the right questions. I just wanted water, that doesn't cost $6. I asked her how much she said nothing*. Casino-I almost made this part a -negative star---the saving grace was the associates that already helped me. They got me my drinks fast!* I was playing Lord of the Rings and I needed some cash to be broken up so I could tip. One of the waitresses when I asked if she could break told me (yeah the machine is behind you). I told her I didn't want to leave money in the machine. She didn't care. How does she know if I am at the Chairman's status or not. So I only ordered from the other waitresses who were helpful. Things they need to work on: ---- Drinking fountains. Check it out. They have none in Vegas, I never under stood that, esp. in this environment. ___Culture- always make eye contact and if someone ask you to do something, unless you're too busy for Your Customers, or what they are asking is unreasonable there shouldn't be a reason you don't.
4	I find it very hard to rate and review casinos, only because I never have a good experience at any casino when gambling. Well I do every once in a blue moon, but those bad days always level it out.Lets get to the point, well this place is off strip and usually casinos off the strip don't fare very well and ever live up to the hype compared to strip casinos. However, this casino/hotel is one of my favorite places off the strip, why you ask? well for one thing it was a great sportsbook. Pretty much a sports bettors dream to come to this place. Not only does this place have a great sportsbook, but they layout of this casino is awesome. They also have a nice bowling alley, a small club, a movie theater nice bingo hall, and if you had to bring your kids because you're on vacation and no baby sitters, they also have a place called kids quest. Kids quest is a little joint for the kids to be entertained and watched by their small little staff. I'd go on about the cool things they have at Kids Quest, but this review is simply for Red Rock. Did I forget to mention their ampitheatre they just recently put in? They have a few cool bands perform here. Although I have yet to check one out, I heard their prices are pretty cheap considering the fact that they have some cool performers here.All in all this place is probably my favorite place to lose money off the strip! Oh yea, one more thing the reason why they call this place Red Rock is because there really is a huge Red Rock that you will see when driving to this place, look towards the mountains.
4	This casino is a great option for locals who are avoiding the Strip. I even brought some out-of-towners here and they loved it. They liked that this casino isn't obnoxious like the Strip, and doesn't reek of cigarettes. The odds are WAYYYY better here than the Strip and it has great options for entertaining younger kids. I've never stayed here, but the casino, and movie theater are great assets to the neighborhood. Also, the restaurant options are pretty good. I've tried Cabo (see review), and tried lbs. patty wagon. Overall, a great option when avoiding the Strip.
4	Overall, it was a good experience.  The rooms are quite nice (spacious and clean), although nothing spectacular.   My biggest (and only) complaint has to do with the shuttle service, which is included as part of the 'resort amenity fee'.  We decided to stay at the Red Rock because of its location (close to family), and were relying on the shuttle service to pick us up from the airport, as advertised on the website.   What the website doesn't tell you when you're booking the room (the information is available on a different page), is that the shuttle service from the airport stops at 9p.   Furthermore, the  concierge desk didn't seem to know this either, as one person said 9p and another person said 930p.  Nevertheless, our flight landed at 845p.  Because of the mix up, I called the bell desk and asked them to have the shuttle wait a few minutes (we didn't check a bag, so would make it by 905p at the latest) and they said the shuttle leaves right on time, no exceptions.  No apologies...  Well, needless to say, I wasn't happy after having to take a $60 taxi.  When I told the front desk, they were minimally apologetic.  Overall, as I said above, it's a nice hotel and worth a look if you want to stay off the strip for whatever reason.
3	We live in Vegas but I decided to treat my kids to a night at Red Rock for the 4th of July. Red Rock was nice but I did have a few issues.The Good: Valet was super friendly so right away I felt welcome. Check-in was very quick and the woman was very nice. She made sure to explain resort fees. She also explained that the signature suite we were staying in is smokig optional so it might smell smokey. She explained they could bring in a machine to clean the room should we have an issue. I appreciated that she told me this all up front. The room did not smell smokey. However...The Bad: It is probably my own mistake but I thought I had booked a Signature Suite with the extra bedroom. There was only one bedroom. Kind of a disappointment right off the bat. But the room was still plenty big, with a huge couch and it was just me and my three boys. So, I called down for extra blankets (which they brough up right away). The bad is that the room did not looked vacuumed. There were crumbs all over the floor of the main room and bedroom. While the room was not smokey, it did kind of stink. But so did the hall. I think it is whatever they use to clean. To me it smelled like wet dog. The tiny fridge was on the coldest setting and still not cold. It is kept under a cabinet and for whatever reason, that cabinet is super hot. You can feel the hot air blowing in there. So, the fridge was useless which sucked for us because we'd brought a bunch of soda and bottled tea. There were two martini glasses on the bar and one had lipstick on it. Totally grossed me out. So, getting ice to put in glasses was a bust and we hadn't thought to bring our own cups. Also, there were sticky spots on the bathroom floor. And black flecks filled the bath when we tried to use the jetted tub. My youngest wanted to play in the tub so I got it all set up and was disgusted to find that black chunks of stuff filled the tub when I turned on the jets. Um...yuck.  I don't know...when you pay $200+ for a room you kind of expect a clean floor and clean glasses. You expect to feel comfortable during your time there. It took us awhile to get past the bad and to feel comfortable. But we were determined to make the most of it.Room service was excellent. The food was awesome. It is pricey but that is to be expected. The service was outstanding. Another issue I had was that I booked the room three weeks in advance and explained I wanted a strip facing room or something with a great view of fireworks. I asked that somone please email me to let me know if this was possible. I heard nothing until a week later when I got a courtesy email that confirmed my reservation and said to let them know if I had a special request. So, I again sent in my request about the room. The email stated that if I made a request someone would get in touch with me. Nothing. I waited another week then I called the reservation desk to make my request. I was disappointed that it took three tries on my part to get my request in. Overall it was a great night. My boys had a blast. We saw a great fireworks show and got to watch fireworks all over the city from our room. We made it fun. The bed was comfortable and appeared clean. However, when you spend that kind of money, you expect certain things....like a clean room and to be able to drink from the glasses and use the tub. I'm not sure I'd stay there again. Maybe. But we've stayed in nicer for less. The fact that the staff was so friendly goes a long way for me. So, we'd probably give it another shot.
5	My favorite place to stop before & after a day in Red Rock Canyon & Blue Diamond.  This place is a solid value if you're in need of a good bathroom, food and decent gambling.I always stop in for the Feast Buffet.  It is easily the best of all the Stations Casinos.  (Better than GVR, Boulder, Sunset, Palace).  The gambling there is sufficent for me.  (Decent video poker odds, full pay if $0.25 or above and a perfect poker room.)Everything about this casino is nice.  The food court is good (love the Ben & Jerrys), the bingo room is futuristic looking, the movie theatres are excellent.  I am still waiting the day I get a comp room offer from here or at least a Buy One, Get One room offer from WeLuvLocals.Do your self a favor and pop in.  It's worth the time.
3	Not any better prices than the strip- but clean, a bit far out than I like.
5	I loved this casino! It's low key but has tons of stuff to do. The buffet was also delicious :)
4	I've only been here 3 times, but lthe night of the Gavin Degraw concert (love him! hehe ;) ) was my first time at the pool area. It was freakin' gorgeous and not crowded w/ drunktards! (excuse my language, but you know that's true with pools on The Strip) I'm a local and I appreciate that it looked like a pool resort at the strip without being on The Strip, AND.... w/ out obnoxiously drunk tourist. There's one huge round pool, a couple smaller ones and jacuzzis near the concert stage area, a bar called the Sandbar with gambling tables. No long lines or long wait to get in to the bathrooms. There's a huge grass/lawn whatever you wanna call it in front of the concert stage. which is nice. they have lounge chairs around the main pool, and they're pretty nice too and not like the regular white ones you see at every pool. It gives an 'island' relaxing feel to the pool area. Some are in the water so u can dip ur feet in. Fun fun. Perfect for Vegas summers. Anyways, this was my first time at one of the summer Revolution concerts at Red Rock. It rocked!!! (hehe small lame joke)As for the rest of the casino, it's new (a few yrs old) so it's gorgeous. I've been to the buffet (it's decent), it's not crowded but  the last time I was there was 2-3 yrs ago. I'm out of "the clubbing phase." I've been to Cherry and the other lounge, I forgot what it's called, they're okay seems a better fit for the older crowd since I went with my aunties and uncles. Lol I know right?! Wth? But they like to get down too. Hehe. I'd say the best part of this resort is the pool. I should have took more pics of the pool so I could post it up but I was too busy enjoying myself at the free Gavin Degraw concert! If it wasn't for Gavin Degraw being here, I would never be at this resort. I doubt he'll see this but I LOVE you Gavin! :)I'm looking forward to the rest of the concerts lined up for the summer at this pool. The one con for me again is the distance, coming from east Henderson. but I'm the type that wouldn't mind traveling far for great quality and a funtastic experience!Oh btw, thought I'd add this since it was hilarious, we saw and an older dude (white hair) wearing a shirt in bold lettering, 'MILF HUNTER'. I couldn't get a pic cuz he was rocking out just like the rest of us. Another great sober moment of the night. Only in Vegas!
4	@redrockcasino is definitely my favorite casino outside of the strip.Big and spacious. Classy and fabolous. Simple but beautiful are phrases that come to mine when I think of this casino. It lives up to it's name red rock because they have beautiful rock/stone architecture inside. Because it is simply decorated, it may not get all the raves and oohs and ahhs but it is beautiful in it's own way. I just like how big it is and how clean it is. Clean casinos are always nice!They have plenty of restaurants here, a great buffet, a bowling alley and pretty huge movie theatre and a nightclub called Cherry.  (random note: Model Cindy Crawford's husband Rande Gerber owns Cherry).Red Rock is a resort for everyone. I just like walking around Red Rock because there seems to be something to do in every corner. Good food and enterntainment in a big, clean and simple casino - this place is a winner in my book.
4	I must say. I like Red Rock. Not just because it's less than 5 minutes from where I live, & cause I don't stay in different hotels often, but it's nice.I'm not going to really dig deep because I don't really know how to critique a hotel that much. I do have some highlights you'd want to hit up.1. The lobby: Huge chandelier. Really pretty & a must see at least once. 2. The buffet: The desserts are the bomb shizzle. From pies to gelato. Man, can't pass it up... oh, they have kim chi! ^_^3. The pool: Really pretty setting. Caution: Not for athletes. Only for relaxation.4. The spa: Not so exciting. I'm pretty sure it's for those "if you're trying to get away".. or something. It's actually kinda warm in there.5. Food court: Delish! Burgers, chinese, mexican, starbucks, & ice cream spots. Hands down, wallets up, good.6. The movie theatre: It's poppin on weekends, full of adolescents, beware.7. Bowling Lanes: It's poppin' there too. Very close to the food court & movies. They used to have dollar games on Mondays.. I wonder if it's still going on.. 8. Not much of a highlight, but park on the 3rd floor of the parking garage closest to the freeway. There's elevator access that leads straight to the Bowling lanes, movies, and food court! hehe. ^_^
5	One of the best casinos in Las Vegas.  Classy with contemporary rooms overlooking the Las Vegas Strip or Red Rock Canyon.
5	If you are looking for a great getaway and something a little more low key than your typical Vegas this is an excellent place to check out. Great for families and/or couples. The resort has a spa, wonderful pool area w/ cabanas and a Sandbar Grill outside by the pool. They also have a bowling alley, movie theater, huge casino area, food court, and various restaurants. No matter what your taste, be it for Mexican, sushi, Italian, hamburgers, they have you covered! There are also some fun boutiques,  souvenir/gift shop, and 2 Starbucks: one inside the casino and one closer to where the hotel rooms are located. Our room was beautiful and spacious. You could honestly spend your entire vacation at the spa/resort and never get bored. However, we did check out the strip a couple of times and enjoyed that, it was not too far. You definitely want to share a cab or rent a car to get around though if you need to leave the resort as commuting can get pricey (it's about a 15 min drive away from strip). I absolutely recommend this place though, it was wonderful! Service was great! Can't wait to go back!
3	i havent stayed AT the hotel... yet. but, mama and i were very pleased with what he had seen so far. we visited one of the casino bars and the pool bar. we likey very mucho.the hotel is very modern. i liked the layout of the place. lucky bar inside the casino proved to be true to its namesake. wone $50 on the quarter video poker machine. the pool is quite impressive. cushioned seats make it very inviting. the pool bar/lounge was lively and active. we liked what we saw so far. we'll definitely makes plans for this place to be our next stop in Vegas.
1	I booked a room for tonight that included tickets to the weezer concert.  I specifically called and asked if my booking included tickets to the concert and was told yes.  I bought this package for my husband's birthday present.  When I checked in I was told my $300 room did not include the tickets after all.  This was obviously overpriced to include the tickets as their rooms don't cost nearly this much.  This is false advertising at it's finest.  The assistant manager ended up coming out and told us the concert was sold out and "there will be no compensation"  I told her I wasn't going to stay and pay for the obviously overpriced room  and the assistant manager cancelled the reservation.  As soon as she cancelled it my husband insisted on some sort or compensation to which she replied "you are not a guest here, you don't have a reservation any longer".  Customer Service at it's WORST!  We asked for her manager and was told us we would have to wait until 2 am.
4	Nice layout of the casino. Lots of slot machines that aren't in other casinos. Like Yahtzee. The bathrooms are clean as well. Lots of delicious eaterys. The convention rooms are expansive and the halls have comfortable seating thru out.
1	"I used to love Red Rock.............." Reviewed August 14, 2011  Just returned from 4 days with several couples to celebrate a birthday. My husband and I have come once a year for as long as I can remember. We chose this hotel to celebrate a dear friends 50th birthday several years ago, there were 50 of us and we had a glorious time. Fast forward to the weekend of August 11th 2011, and what an incredible disappointment. The staff always stood out on previous visits, always accommodating, not this trip. Here is what we experienced this weekend: when we checked in, we apparently were supposed to be issued wrist bands that allowed the guest into the pool area. That didn't happen, the grumpy front desk clerk overlooked that point, so when we went the pool the next day, we got hassled and had to go to the front desk for them, grrrrrrr. Hassle number one. Next issue, We didn't have any shampoo and our snack tray was completely barren. Called the front desk to complain and was told the hotel was full the week before and they were OUT! Lovely. When I've stayed here before, the hotel always made available free of charge, no hassle, small bottles of water at the front desk or valet. Well I went to the front desk one night to request 2 small bottles of water, and was told by the front desk clerk I was only entitled to free 8 oz waters upon check-in. Well that grumpy desk clerk apparently forgot my pool wristband and my (2) free 8 oz waters because I never collected them and told this 2nd front desk clerk I wasn't issued the (2) gratuitous waters and she refused to give them to me! She repeated (3) times her mantra "you are only entitle to free water upon check in' speech, but finally caved after I made a scene. Next debacle, security wakes me up to tell me they need access to the room because the previous guest left personals in the safe, sure I'm not doing anything other than sleeping, come on in. Next complaint, Red Rock now has a policy they automatically ADD gratuity (18% I think) to your poolside check. When is tipping mandatory. I thought that was discretionary based on the service. I hate this resort now and don't plan on ever coming back. They're cheap and staff isn't trained properly in customer service basics. I spoke to the front desk assistant manager Brittany I think (not sure though I was so irritated) and her remedy to calm down this now raging room guest was to send up a couple bottles of water only inflamed me more. There was lots she could have done, but didn't. I feel like I've lost a good friend writing off this hotel.......but there are plenty more Vegas options, and the few that come to mind don't make you feel like a cretin for asking for complimentary water. Hatchi was fabulous for dinner and the waiter there was outstanding and we gladly tipped him 18%. Jody our poolside waitress was great also and very attentive.
4	This year's Hip Hop International was held at Red Rock Casino! While I didn't stay here, the weeklong event was held here so we had to be here every day and for most of the day. As I didn't stay in the hotel rooms, this is solely critiquing their EVENT spaces. I actually really enjoyed Red Rock as a whole - great atmosphere and overall it's a really nice hotel. Great finishes and the staff seems really nice and helpful. It's not as flashy as some of the hotels on the strip but it definitely still feels classy.The event had TONS of people there and there was space for everyone. They had a section of the hotel space (the convention area) all saved and the big hallways helped make the traffic feel less stuffy. The rooms were a great size and their stage setup in the ballroom was great! Definitely felt like a show. The practice area in the pavilion was awesome since there was a huge dance floor for practicing. The only drawback for me was that it was far from the strip. A lot of the dancers wanted to be close to the strip so they could go out at night so we had to drive daily to Red Rock and it was sort of a pain. But if you want to be in Vegas and not be close to the strip, this place is great!
5	Truly one of the nicest hotels and resorts in the world.  World class dining at T-Bones, incredible buffet at excellent value (make sure to sign up for the players card for lower buffet price) and the weluvlocals website for coupon offers.  Also excellent movie theater and bowling alley.  I also seem to win more than I lose at Blackjack there!  Red Rock is truly one stop dining, recreation and living!http://www.weluvlocals.com/Wayne Gorsek
5	Elegant.... Modern rooms.....Finally won some money at this Cassino.
3	This place is very nice, my wife and I spent 3 days. The rooms are large and super clean with amazing views. The beds are soft/very comfortable and the staff on property is very friendly. The only complaint I have (and it's a pretty big design flaw on the property) is the doors to the rooms don't have the right hydraulics, so they slam SOOOO load. The slam is so load it literally makes you jump (not so good if you have someone next door that goes in and out allot), I would suggest they fix this or put a sign in every room asking people to close the door quietly. It will certainly be a consideration in my choice of hotels next time we go as it was a little maddening. Other than that it was really nice..and  the SPA is super nice
4	I've never stayed in the rooms.  But if you're a local, and want a casino atmosphere with all of the trimings, (that doesnt gouge you) this is the spot.
4	Prior visits to Las Vegas always involved the strip.  This time around I ventured outside of the norm and found this place!A great local spot with fewer crowds and friendlier people.  Great Las Vegas feel without the excessive crowds and too high prices.
2	I was heading to Vegas with my wife and 3 kids and needed a place off the Strip that was as kid friendly as possible. The Red Rock looked to fit this description. They have a movie theatre, bowling alley, big pool area, and a Kid's Club play place. The rate of $109 a night was reasonable although with the resort fee it ends up being $170 per night. The room was OK. It was actually not clean as the bathtub had hair in it and the floor was kind of dirty. And as another review said, you can hear every door slam when a neighbor opens or closes their door. Every time.The bowling alley was booked for a tournament all weekend and had no availability. The pool area was nice but the pool water was actually freezing. Even in 100 degree weather it was too cold to swim in. You'd think I was kidding but imagine 200 people sitting by the pool and only 4 people in it. The biggest issue was when the couple next door decided to blast techno music at 3 a.m. and start doing the nasty. The walls are paper thin. I'm not blaming the hotel for their behavior - it happens. However, it took 45 minutes and 2 calls to security to fix this issue. Not good enough.The buffet is low priced and not bad for the money. I'd stay away from their mexican restaurant as it was nothing special.I did like the Kid's Club as my kids didn't want to leave there on the 3 times that they went. Room service was excellent, both the service and the food.I was not impressed with the attitude of the front desk staff. In light of what happened with the couple next door, we switched rooms the next day. That only took 2 visits to the front desk, 8 hours, and 3 phone calls.I wrote to the Red Rock and brought these issues to their attention. I figured they would want to know about certain things, such as the pool temperature, the front desk attitude, the slow security, and the untidy room. They did respond to my email - with a form letter. Thanks for the offer of 1 free night, from Sunday through Thursday. You can bet I will never be redeeming that offer.
3	I used a gift certificate for a massage and facial today atThe Spa at Red Rock Casino Resort & Spa.  I have a massage once a month at another facility and this massage was fine.  Nothing was wrong but nothing to write home about either.  The facial was very good and relaxing.  They had a lap pool that I worked out in before the appointments but it was too warm.  Lap pools should be cooler than recreational pools.The staff was a-ok.  Not first class service as a resort should be.If I didn't have the gift certificates, I don't know if I would have paid twice what I usually pay for a massage. I guess what you pay for are the facilities.I read my book and ate my delicious  lobster/avocado salad  lunch from the Sandbar restaurant at the cabanas by the pool.Oh the valet were very customer service oriented!
4	Red Rock ended up giving us a room, $200 towards dinner at the steak house, and 2 massages.  We got to use the VIP check-in area too.   They still charged the resort fee though which is kinda strange since everything else was comped.
4	Ding ding ding!!! Ahhh Red Rock! Since I'm not a regular on the strip and dont need glitz and glam this place does just fine for me! I love how its open and the light cover thingys are pretty rad! What I like most about this casino is that it has a Regal Cinemas theater! It also has a Kid Quest when I wanna just leave my nugget and gamble for an hour (although I havent!) I plan on trying it out!They have a lot of fast food eateries, Panda Express, Rubios, and all that plus they have Yard House and other nicer restaurants which I havent checked out!All in all I like this casino because its not filled with annoying tourists! I also like it because they have some pretty awesome shows coming up! Pitbull, Blink 182, and all the ones in the summer!! AWESOME!!Go here if you dont need the hustle and bustle of the strip!
1	This is for the concert series only.  We went to the Concert for Pit Bull and Enrique Iglesias on Saturday Oct 8th.  After getting there at 7 p.m., ticket said 7:30, we found the line to be through the entire casino.  At 8 p.m. we gave up and asked for our money back as we could not get in still.  The staff at the counter were nasty and non responsive, so back in line.  We got in finally, but not until after Pit Bull finished, there were at least 1000 people in line behind us. Poorly managed by Station.
4	this is a cool place that you can come and hang out. there is a small arcade not that great but they have a very nice bowling area and movie theater.
5	I when here for a conference.   For an off the strip place, it was very nice.  They let me use the spa when my room wasn't ready, which was a nice piece of customer service.  The line to check in took a while, but they had lots of people helping and got it done as quick as they could.  They couldn't get me a cab to the airport when I was leaving, so they gave us a limo, nice again.  Room was clean, well decorated and comfortable.  I would recommend going here if you don't care about being on the strip.
4	One of the better local casinos around, but that still doesn't mean it's great! The nightlife there is a HIT or TOTAL MISS. It definately doesn't have the appeal that it use to have during its first few years. With that being said, it's still a great place to hang out at once in awhile. With new bars like Yard House and the ever popular Center Bar...you'll always have a decent vibe to surround yourself around.The movie theater is also great and mostly only show up for this fact on most days as Im not much of a gambler. I'm looking forward to a new nightclub to open here shortly as I think it will really revive the whole nightlife scene that Red Rock use to have.Again, great for a few hour hangout spot, but nothing past that.....
4	This place was not as good as it could be, but there's great potential there.  It's like they're trying to be a luxury resort, but not paying attention to the little details that are necessary for that.Pros:- Great daycare center with reasonable prices.  Movie theater and food court are also great.- Great casino.  $5 craps tables! :)- Loved the buffet.  Heck, all the restaurants there were good.- Friendly Staff.- Ample parking.- Comfortable, nicely decorated rooms with good noise isolation.Cons:- Lack of attention to detail.  Our room had only martini(!) glasses for use in the bathroom, a shower drain that would not drain, several burned out lightbulbs, and a room safe that was locked when we arrived.  The staff responded promptly to fix these issues, but these are things that should have been taken care of before we arrived.- They display maps of the casino on large LCD displays.  The video feed into these is a joke, it's blurry and you can't read anything, rendering the map useless.  Really, really shoddy.  All they need is a decent native-resolution feed and it'd work great, instead it looked very sub-par and they'd be better off turning them off altogether.- Food at the convention I attended was OK, I've had better.- Every day of our stay we'd receive an automated message promoting their spa services.  I don't like telemarketers, especially automated ones, when I'm at home, and I sure as heck don't want to be bothered by these when I'm on vacation!I'd consider going there again...this place has a lot of potential, if they'd just put a little more effort into the little details it'd be an awesome place.
5	If I could choose any casino to visit in Las Vegas, this would probably be #1 in my books.  Even though it is always packed whenever I go there, it doesn't feel that way and everything is so spacious.  I do enjoy bowling and it's one of my favorite places to bowl (mainly cause of the cosmic bowling and reasonable prices).  Outside of that, I go there to watch movies, I have been to a few of the concerts this past summer (Barenaked ladies and OAR) at the pool area which is phenomenal.I've been to most of the restaurants, been a fan of them.  It's just so hard for me to find a reason not to go there.  Well, getting a good parking spot is annoying but outside of that, no real complaints.  That, and the lack of cheap hookers.  They like to be called "escorts" here at Red Rock.These reviews aren't as fun since this place is too awesome.  Sorry yelp.
4	The Good:  It's a locals casino, is this good or bad?  Every dealer has a button that reads "We heart our locals", but what if you are not a local like me?  The don't really care I guess.  For a place this far off the strip it's really nice.  They had a tv show that I use to watch so I had to visit.  The pool area is pretty amazing and I could just imagine what it would look like when they have a music concert here.The Bad:  It actually looks bigger than it is.  They only really have a small circle area for tables, think Hard Rock.  Only a few tables opened during the day.The Ben:  Pretty chill casino.  I sat next to a local that owned a few Tropical Smoothies.  He said we could get lunch on him at the one in the food court but never cashed that in.  Hey you still owe me lunch?
4	What a clean and family friendly casino! There are great food choices, bowling lanes and theater inside of this place too. You can't go wrong coming here to get away from the strip and the crowd. This is definitely a locals spot. Added bonus is $1 beers and $1 hot dogs.
5	I love the sports book. Not smokey.
5	I lived in Vegas for over a year and while I went there to play Bingo and gamble, I never stayed a night at Red Rock. That all changed last week when I went there on a business trip. This place is awesome. The rooms are amazing. The all marble bathroom didn't get all cold like other hotels I've stayed at. The resort staff was great and always friendly. If you want to go to Vegas, but not be in the hustle and bustle of the Strip, come to Red Rock!
5	Red Rock Casino rocked my world.GREAT STAFF! Very friendly and helpful.Great slot machines! Great ambiance!It may not be the biggest casino, but it is the most enjoyable one.
4	Love the movie theater here!! But not when the kids go to the same movie =/
4	Stayed here overnight recently and was really pleased with the customer service.The feel is different to this place from the moment you walk in the front door (all red glass....really cool).  Not crowded, and the staff is well trained on customer service.Stayed in a suite and was surprised that there is no coffee service or even a water glass in the room (sometimes I just don't feel like a $6 bottle of water).Casino is well done.  I am a non smoker and very sensitive to it, but was never bothered as I played.  Dealers and attendants are happy and well trained.Definitely worth a stop if you have the chance.
4	This last visit to Vegas I decided to stay off the Strip.  I really enjoyed Red Rock.  Just enough going on here so I wasn't bored but not crazy over the top busy and noisy like the mega casinos on the Strip.The room was large and modern.  Really nice bathroom and toiletries. I like the Rocks Lounge when Zowie Bowie was playing.  It took me back to the days at Barcelona in Scottsdale.Nice valet and self parking options.  Starbucks on the casino level for a quick start in the morning.
2	I'd prefer to give this resort a 2.5 stars, which means it's nicer than MEH but not A-OK.  A 2.5 would be ALRIGHT ENOUGH.To be fair:  I didn't stay here but visited.  And so to be truly fair, I'll presume the rooms are quite nice and the hotel staff good.  What I'm reviewing is the prices of rooms, the resort's location off the strip, and the casino floor and restaurants.This place looks like a Mirage from a distance, which was impressive.  Inside it's nice and new and impressive too.  See enough casinos and you see the same types of restaurants:  buffet, steak house, japanese fusion, etcetera.So it's a player.  With enough peeps gambling to erase the illusion you're in the middle of nowhere -- which is JUST where you are.  So the simple question becomes ---- why leave the strip to stay here.  Red Rock's answer?  Ditch the craziness of the strip.  Umm... that's not good enough an answer.  Not for the room rates.  Like the M hotel in a similar part of East Jesus Nevada, the rates are astonishingly HIGH.Why the Flamingo would I pay $35 more a night than the Mirage to stay here?  Red Rock can tell you how much nicer they are until the cows come home, but when I get sick of my favorite resort (The Mirage) I can walk to Caesars, The Venetian, slip over to TI and the Fashion Mall -- just for starters.You know what would flip this review upside down?  If Red Rock offered an affordable resort instead.  If it was $79 a night without their $25 resort fee, they'd have people like me eating breakfast there, having a last drink there, and spending the rest of my days on the strip.  Otherwise ---- I see absolutely no point to staying here.
5	Clean rooms, great amenities, safe place to party on the weekends and easy access from the freeway.The spa: The best facial you could get is the 80 min Top of the Rock! I love relaxing in the steam room before my facial. They sell Hylunia products which I use. Locals usually get 20% off. Good customer service.
3	I was at the Red Rock recently for a work event, and it was okay.  The place itself looked nice, and it was clear they had put a LOT of effort into making it fit that sort of over-the-top style you would normally find on the strip.  However, the crowd here felt a little less "upscale", and the fact that you couldn't get to food without braving the smoky casino area was very unpleasant.  If you're at all sensitive to large amounts of cigarette smoke, do yourself a huge favor and don't bother with the Red Rock.  Something else that might bother a lot of people - the cab ride between the airport and hotel was around $55.  Factor that into your calculations, especially if you're only staying in Vegas for a night or two.  You may find the strip much cheaper.  Then again, the food here is a bit cheaper than at most nicer strip hotels, so there IS that.The rooms were pretty nice, but the bench in the shower was kind of gross.  It's a little creepy to shower with a semi-porous chair that's played host to the naked posteriors of so many strangers.  Maybe it's just me, though.
4	I like the modern design of this hotel.  Rooms are a good size. Large bath too with a separate shower area and TV by the bathtub. I like that its not on the strip (less crowded).  Staff is friendly and helpful. Its close to major retailers like Costco, Best Buy, Albertsons...and fast food chains like KFC.  We like the in-hotel day care (Kids Quest) where you can leave your kids to have fun in there while you and your hubby watch a movie a few feet away.  The slot machines are in no way loose. Although the pool was closed this time of year, I would def. go back there again when it opens.
5	This is the best locals casino in Vegas.  I love it.  I don't gamble, but I frequent their many other offerings.  Their bowling alley is the best in town.  More expensive, but better.  Their movie theaters are really great.  Plus, so many great restaurants.  Their buffet is the best off-strip buffet in town.  I always find parking.  It is located right off the 215 so it is easily accessible for many people.  The architecture and decoration is comparable to the top casinos on the strip.  All the fun and beauty without the hassle of traversing the strip.
4	We stayed here over Christmas weekend and we were pleasantly surprised by the quality of the rooms.  They were fairly luxurious, with a very comfortable bed and a large bathroom with soaking tub.  Decor was pleasant and not over-the-top.  Our room also had a nice mountain view.  All for $65/night (excluding the $28/day resort fee).  By way of comparison to other LV hotels, I would say that the rooms are definitely nicer than the rooms at the Bellagio, but not nearly as nice as the rooms at The Hotel @ Mandalay Bay (all suite tower).Note that this hotel is located in Summerlin, approx. 30-40 minutes off of the Strip.  It was great for us as we were visiting family living in the area but would not be good if you intend to spend a lot of time on the Strip.  Also note that the casino at this hotel caters to locals, which makes it a pretty pathetic place to walk through late at night.
5	Summerlin, I missed you!  The Spa is very nice.  :))))
5	My favorite thing about the Red Rock is the spa--get your hair cut there by Jean Marc! When I moved to Vegas, I started looking for a great hairdresser.  I struck gold on my first try with Jean Marc at the Red Rock Spa. He took one look at my face and gave me a cut that I swear made me look 5 years younger. Then, when I went in for color, he gave me a balayage--a color treatment similar to highlights. The results were very natural and rich-looking. I'm hooked, and have told all my friends about him. If you live in Vegas, if you visit Vegas, make an appointment with Jean Marc. He doesn't just cut hair. He transforms it into runway perfection!
4	The great thing abotu Red Rock is that it's far enoguh from The Strip to be free of crowds and touristy nonsense. I don't gamble or anything like that, but I do frequent the movies here and, on occasion, the bowling alley. You can usually count on no crowds here. We walked up to Harry Potter 7.0 on opening night and got great seats for four.
5	Theme of this review:  LOVE.Resort- love!Movie theater and bowling alley- love!Lobby bar- love!Concierge Judy-love!Restaurant options- love!SPA- LOVE, LOVE, LOVE!I've had the following services at the RR spa:  Red Rock Wrap, Swedish Massage, Peppermint manicure/pedicure and massage, Green tea wrap.Allison and Kelly are my favorites.  Ask for them.20 percent locals discount...which is not as much as at GVR or M Resort, but if you look at the other guy's menus, their prices are higher than at RR Spa.
5	Set miles from the Strip of Las Vegas, this gem of a hotel was a delightful surprise. We ended up here since we wanted to be close to Red Rock Canyon. What a treat! Much fancier than expected, this place is nicer than many of the hotels on the Strip. The room was lovely, with upscale and modern dark decor, a well-stocked mini-bar, huge bathroom with soaking tup and separate shower, and good quality sheets, pillows, and such. Plus, much lower prices than the Strip (for something of equal quality). We didn't get a chance to explore the pool, bowling alley, spa, or theater due to our late arrival, but enjoyed the casino, a few bars, and the 24 hour cafe. I would definitely recommend staying here if you are looking for something nice but want to get away from the typical Vegas scene.
5	Made a trip from the Strip last weekend .Haven't stayed here for a couple of Years, but I do recall the Nicest Rooms in Vegas. excellent Casino & restaurants . Love the Sports Book. can you Guess Where I will be watching the Superbowl Next Month? Yep At The RED ROCK CASINO
5	Have always had fun and the rooms are great......................but hey there free for me!
1	Made a reservation and was told when I got there that the rate was actually $28 more (resort fee) for things I didn't want (pool, internet, etc).  What pisses me off was that they quoted me a rate on the internet, I paid the rate, and when I got there they demanded more money.  My only recourse was to pay it or leave.  It's fraud, plain and simple.
4	Ate at the buffet for lunch. It was really good, with tons of options for my veggie self! I was able to try everything from the sushi, the Chinese, Mexican, to the desserts. there were so many options to choose from! I really liked the tortilla soup, and the chow mein was good too.  The bread pudding was out of control! Will definitely go back with family and friends.
4	I had a really nice room. Very VERY spacious! I mean you have a very contemporary and clean room. They offer complementary shoe shine, flat screens in the bathroom and the room, and they have a great view of the west side of the valley. I can't lie, the beds were so soft that I slept really good. I mean...I would've slept through a big earthquake f it happened! We also gambled a bit downstairs and the cocktail ladies were so nice! They accidentally forgot the grenadine my sister ordered in her corona, and the lady could've just forgotten about it and walked away, but she offered to go out of her way to grab some grenadine, and bring t back. That was nice of her to do. Red Rock isn't huge, but it is a local hotel casino, but even I think that this place can potentially be a good family hotel if it didn't a casino.
4	This casino has a great atmosphere, amazing places to eat, and a very clean movie theater. It doesn't get much better than that. I think that it's great that it's off of the strip and that it's more a place for locals than tourists.
2	My boyfriend and I booked to stay at Red Rock for 2 nights over Valentine's Day because of the close proximity to my workplace. Upon check-in, I was disappointed when the lady at the front desk informed me that the king bed we booked online was unavailable and they only had rooms with 2 queens left. She said they can't guarantee rooms will be available and it's first-come first-serve. Huh?! Front desk lady offered that I can upgrade to a king suite for a "discounted" extra $50 a night which I reluctantly accepted. I've never stayed at this hotel before and have only been at the casino to check out restaurants or go for happy hour. I've heard good things about the hotel so I was really surprised and annoyed when I discovered that my room was in the farthest end of the hallway of almost 60 rooms per floor, which makes for the longest walk to get to any hotel room, in my experience. I was cursing whoever designed this elevator/room layout as I was making the long trek to the room. Ah, the room. It was definitely spacious. So spacious that it appeared all the furniture was pushed towards the window, leaving a dance-floor-sized empty space between the bed and bathroom. If this was their handicap-accessible room, they have succeeded in the fact that you could park a dozen wheelchairs in this space. I assessed the room and decided it was not worth paying an extra $50 per night. It was essentially the regular king-size room furniture thrown into a large space. I was now highly annoyed when I called the front desk and the same lady answered. She was nice enough to move us back to the 2-queen bedroom. But before that, she actually offered to lower the luxury king price from $50 extra/night to $35. Seriously? She was trying to haggle with me? This made me realize that she could've probably just given us the crappy king-size room at no extra charge in the first place. So chintzy. This kind of service does not deserve the 4-diamond award.
3	A little out of the way, but has some very good restaurants, a huge movie theater and fantastic rooms.  If you are in vegas, and are looking for a little more quiet stay with all the same amenities as the huge strip casinos, then this is the place.  Some very kool bars and lounges and an awesome sports book.   Overall, this place packs all the same vegas punch as the larger casino, without all the hassle and pushiness of the bigger strip casinos.
4	Booked connecting rooms overlooking the pool. One of the rooms was free with a voucher, and the other room was booked through Expedia for less than $100/night.For the price, the hotel was quite lovely. Pros:~Large food court with affordable menu items (what, in Vegas? Yup!)~Bowling center~Movie theater~Room decor and size were awesome~Buffet was great for the price (we had a voucher for a free buffet...score!)~$2 pancakes after midnight? Yes!Cons:~They wouldn't let us hook up our xbox to their TV. What else am I going to do in the middle of the night, once I've lost all my money to the slot machines?~No ice machine? No soda machine nearby? No instructions on where to get ice? Got ice? I had to walk all the way to the food court, in my jammies, for a drink
4	We visit Red Rock frequently for the various food choices, and they are all good.  The casino seems smoke free, and impresses all the visitors we introduce to it.  It is a beautiful and luxurious large casino and resort OFF the strip on the far west side of LV.  We recommend it as a elegant alternative to the strip for those wanting that change.  It includes one of the best buffets in town anytime, Yard House ale house, Mexican, Italian, Steak house and more.  You can't go wrong.
4	This has become our casino of choice for several reasons. 1) We live less than a mile away, 2) Their buffet is 4.99 for breakfast, 7.99 for lunch and 13.99 for dinner and it is better quality than most although sometimes the selection is lacking, 3) We love Yardhouse and LB's and the movies, and bowling alley (although South Point is cheaper).  Kid's quest is great and not too expensive (8.50 an hour).  They have a great casino rewards card for locals.  Used to get freeplay weekly but they recently switched to more points, less freeplay which is disappointing for me but others seem excited.  They are always giving discounted rooms, free items and the occassional mixer (girls night out, football watching, etc.).  The rewards club levels out once you break into level 2 and reaching level 3 is difficult with little additional reward.  You do get a 2-1 buffet every month.  The circular layout makes it easy to get through the Casino to your destination and the entrances near the bowling alley and movie theater minimizes the kids' exposure to the casino when you just want to see a flick.  The sports book is the best of the off strip casinos.  The pool is the bomb.com and a great place to see concerts during the summer.
3	Didn't realize how remote this place is with regard to the Strip. The rooms and pool area are fine.  The bowling alley was fun.  Good food court.
5	I fell in love with this place!  The setting, the vibe and the amenities are simply perfect.  Just four or five miles from the entrance to Red Rock Canyon National Park, this resort kicks ass!I had done a gig for 2 nights on the strip and wanted some true R & R, so I booked a room at Red Rock for myself and a lovely lady and checked in on Sunday afternoon.  The staff at this place is AMAZING!  From the valet to the maid service, everyone is friendly and super helpful.  They came to fix my clock-radio at 3:30AM!  So if you want a Vegas experience that is a cut WAY above the corporate brush-off treatment you get on the strip, check this place out!
5	If you want to stay at a fabulous hotel in Vegas but can't afford the high price then consider Red Rock Resort & Spa...yes it's off the Strip but the hotel provide complimentary shuttle service to the Strip from 6 am to 9 pm daily (about a 20 minute ride or so).  Complimentary shuttle service to the airport is also available.I had the pleasure of staying at this hotel in 2/2012 and it was a wonderful experience despite being sick.  I was just wowed by the hotel lobby/lounge...the decor and light sitting made it look so classy and intimate.  I was lucky enough to have a room that face the Red Rock Mountains in which the hotel was named after.  Greeted by the sun raise every morning and sun set every night...the view was breath taking.  I wish I could had captured it on my camera..except for the dang window being in the way.Clean bed sheets, comfy bed w/extra soft pillows, clean bathroom, great view, great staff, and it's affordable.  What more can you ask for?
2	Well looked good.  Was told by many that the hotel was very nice.   It could be Clean yes. But 85 bucks for dinner. Lame IT , could not get VPN and wireless sucked   and  TV in room did not work. No offer for comp just. Sorry for that. Not what a business traveler needs ... Great your 25 and looking to party   But 12 bucks for a Johnny red scotch ! Wow...    Marriott or Hilton here I come.
5	We have already been twice this year and its only March!  We veered away once and after going one of the big named spas (read into this the Ranch) on the strip.  We had to come back to our FAVORITE spa in Vegas.  Believe me, I have have been to MANY of them.  Just making sure I wasn't overlooking another spa on the Strip so we didn't have to travel but we are back to this one AGAIN.So, yes, you have to drive out here but there is valet exclusively for the hotel/spa entrance.  No traipsing through the casino to get back and forth from your car and/or room to the spa or vice versa.  The facility is clean, well stocked and abeit small not too small on a busy day.  Their separate outdoor facility is well kempt and pool is clean.  The staff is incredibly helpful and attentive.  Pricing is reasonable and gratuity is according to the level of service YOU felt was provided not this automatic 20% or even included in the pricing...Can you tell that I had a big issue with that at other spas?
4	I will review this place while the experience is fresh in my mind.  I got a great deal through Groupon and I have to say that we enjoyed our stay at this hotel.  With this being said, here are the pluses;*****very nice rooms with, oh so comfortable beds and pillows!  *****Friendly, helpful and courteous staff!*****Large pool area*****Nice size casino*****Beautiful hotel all around*****lots of dining options*****convenient access to all areas of the hotel (given the fact that most Vegas hotels are like mazes to navigate)*****As a guest of the hotel you can use the spa facilities free of charge after having paid the "resort fee".*****KID FRIENDLY!  This is a big one.  There are so many things for kids to do here.  There's the bowling alley, arcade, movies, the pool and Kids Quest.  Kids Quest is the child care facility.  At first, my husband and I were skeptical about leaving our two boys there, but went to see what it was about, and left them for a little while (about 30 minutes).  All I have to say is that our sons kept trying to get rid of US, after that time so that they could go back!  I would include to this highlight the fact that the hotel is off the strip, which is great if you're not into the large crowds or if you're traveling with children.There are some drawbacks (that could be minor depending upon your views) that I believe people need to know of;****Pool is NOT HEATED!  it wasn't that big of a deal for us, because we live in LA, so we were there for three days during Spring Break in April, which can be a bit on the cold side.  But, I would love to know this if I were spending thousands of dollars traveling from across the country only to find that I cannot enjoy the pool.  While we were there, it was unfortunate to see that the large and beautiful pool was largely unused because it was ICE COLD!  so, the children were mostly in the hot tubs.  Hence, the adults could not enjoy them. (tip--You can always drop kids off at Kids Quest for a bit, and make your way to the lovely spa to enjoy the generously sized hot tub there)*****Daily resort fee (but most of the resorts in Vegas are doing this as well, so...).  *****Buffet line can get pretty long.  Overall, I know we will be back to this resort.  Especially when traveling with our boys.  I highly recommend it.
4	I love this hotel.  It's off the beaten path (not on the strip).  Very nice hotel, good restaurants, a bowling alley, great pool, close to shopping, spa - no need for the strip.  We stay here whenever we can, the staff is helpful, the rooms are spacious, free internet (thanks to the RESORT fee) and the rates are fantastic.  Highly recommended.
4	Maybe my favorite "locals" casino. Also the closest one to my house so maybe those two things are correlated. In any case, I end up here 3 or 4 times a week for various reasons. I've actually never stayed here but I've sampled most of the eateries, caught a movie, watched sporting events & wagered in the race and sports book, played in the poker room, enjoyed a day at the pool and caught a few concerts. It's my favorite place in town for video poker and the cocktail waitresses are generally pretty good. It's my go-to resort when I have guest in town. My chairman status serves as a line pass at the buffet and the grand cafe. My guests enjoy the VIP treatment we receive and I can pay for everything with my points. Red Rock offers great comps with lots of bonus point days, giveaways and freebies. The comps may not be as good as what they offer at the M Resort but it's better for me personally. Red Rock is much closer for me and I can use my points at all of Stations other properties. Win or lose I enjoy the atmosphere here. In the non-smoking section of course.
1	So I bought the Groupon for this place that stated, "Two adults and two kids under the age of 17" can stay in the King room.  I knew there would be one King Bed, but since they stated two kids could stay for free I assumed they had a pull out bed or at least a couch, because where would everyone sleep?  I called to book my reservation and asked about this, they told me that even though we state four people can stay in this room we don't provide a place for everyone to sleep.  WTH??????? Isn't this a hotel?  I also told them I would pay for an upgrade and they told me I could not and that I would have to call Groupon.  Of course Groupon could do nothing.  Shame on Groupon and RedRock and since I am stuck with this Groupon I will be using it in July so we will see how it goes. I guess my kids will be sleeping on the floor.  They also said, "If available I could rent rolly beds for $30 a night a piece".  Even though they said kids stay free...... and they emphasized IF AVAILABLE!  So rude!  I have never dealt with such rude service at a Vegas hotel before.
5	We had a wedding reception for 47 guests on the 20th floor in the super plush Canyon Suite.  I'm not even sure where to start here, as there aren't enough words to describe our happiness with the outcome.   I'll try to keep it brief, but just want to say how phenomenal all aspects of this experience were.   The room itself is beyond words, 3000+ sqft of pure luxury (and a spinning couch!)  Melissa and the rest of the event coordination group took care of every detail and made us feel like royalty.  All of the food was sublime.  Pure Perfection.   And Lizabeth, in concierge, put up with my countless questions and requests (for months) on transportation options for a Friday night bus tour for all the guests, transportation to and from the wedding, and countless other transportation/dining questions/requests.  Can't tell you how many of our guests were turned on to the Red Rock option, not to mention other friends/coworkers that we couldn't say enough good things about this location. Awesome!!!
4	My girlfriends and I had an amazing getaway weekend at the Red Rock Resort.  The room  was gorgeous (ask for a view of the foothills!) and we all adored the spa.  Do yourself a favor and get the exfoliating massage. It was one of the best massages of my life.  The casino was nice and not smoky, and the restaurants were great.  We loved having lunch at LBS and getting the spicy potato nachos featured on the Food Network show, Heat Seekers.  The only bummer was that the resort is a $50 cab ride from the strip.  We saved a few bucks by taking the free shuttle on our way out on Saturday night, but the cab ride back late that night cost a pretty penny.  Otherwise, we loved the relative quiet and beautiful view being away from the strip. We'll be back!
1	Ok, Red Rocks is horrible.  They are arrogant.  And if there ever was a "bait and switch" hotel type outfit, this is it.  We booked the Red Rocks Resort for our stay during a friend's wedding.  The couple had a room block.  We booked the room, then were told that they were sold out, but they would complimentary upgrade us to the next room size (which was a standard suite - about 400 sqft. more).  We received an email confirmation to this effect, so we naturally thought everything was in place.  Fast forward 5 months.  We checked in and were told that the amount we were quoted was incorrect, even though we were already charged (it was a prepay).  I then showed them the email confirmation, for which they said they had no record that we were ever offered the rate.  But if we wanted the same room we were quoted, we needed to pay the additional night (which was already paid for in the prepay - evidenced by the email confirmation we had).  I reluctantly paid it and told them I would take this up with their sales department once I got back home.Now here's where it get worse.  They were to authorize the room, plus $200 for incidentals.  They did.  That came to just under $500.  Then, I see another $290 authorization, then another $100 authorization.  So, for a $285 room, they authorized close to $600 ABOVE AND BEYOND THE COST OF THE ROOM.  They did this despite telling me they would only authorize $200 above.  The manager said she'd call their card processor and have the hold released.  This was never done.  I spoke with the main manager on the day we were to check out.  He could not explain the additional authorizations either.  He said what the front desk person did was authorize $485 ($285 room charge, then $200 for incidentals), then submitted a charge for the room $285 (which isn't supposed to be done until after checkout).  The $100 charge he couldn't explain either.  So it is a matter of inexperienced front desk people not knowing what they're doing.  They say the pool is great, it isn't anything to write home about.  Yes it has a fountain in the middle but it is small compared to the ones at the Wynn and Encore.  The drink prices YIKES.  A screwdriver, a midori sour and an orange juice were $35.  We got the same drinks at Wynn for $26.  A local bar you're looking at about $12 to $15.  So somebody has their hands in the money bucket.  The 18% gratuity was already added for three drinks.  So you're going to take my drink order, come back 15 minutes later and add an 18% gratuity for being slow?  Thank you.  The room had a strange smell to it.  The AC cabinet rattled when the fan was on.  So all in all, we had a better stay at Encore.  A way better stay at Palazzo.  This by far customer service wise is one of the worst places I've stayed.  Red Rocks played a game with our credit card account and when I asked them to fix their mistake, they act like they're doing me a favor?  No thanks.  Much better resorts in Vegas that cost less.A hotel that claims to be trendy is not that.  The Red Rocks is a frivolous attempt to be ilke the W or other trendy hotels.  Their in room promo video looks like it was made by the lowest bidder.  Stay elsewhere.
4	My husband and I stayed at Red Rock on 4/18 and 4/19 (a Wed and a Thurs). I know our experience was probably quite different than people that stayed here on weekends- no kids and no crowding- we loved it! The rooms are really nice- quite fancy if you compare them to the average room on the strip. We took everyone's advice and asked for a room near the elevator and got one with a canyon view (also recommended). The casino was nice- medium sized and it didn't reek of cigarette smoke like some of the casinos on the strip. The best part about this place was all of the amenities that are available on site. They have a ton or restaurants, a movie theater and a bowling alley. The Yardhouse that is attached has a late night happy hour- cheap eats and drinks! They are also directly across the street from a nice grocery store and shopping area. We drove to the strip a few times from the hotel- about a 20 minute drive- but if we had not already booked shows, we would have stayed on site. Enjoy the pool on weekdays!!! There were zero children in the hotel the entire time we were there- and no one in the hot tub at all! We used a groupon so we got two nights, 2 breakfast buffets, and a $50 credit to the Sand Bar restaurant for $169 (plus daily resort fee and tax which equals $27+$10 per day). With the resort fee you get use of the spa, free in room internet and use of the pool, etc. The breakfast buffet was TERRIBLE!! That is why 4 stars instead of 5. The food was actually gross- and I ended up eating a bagel so I wasn't hungry. My hubby and I decided to forgo our second free buffet and head to the deluxe cafe the next day (delicious!!). The SandBar was also good- but DON'T order drinks there!!! They are super overpriced at $13 per drink! Overall- we enjoyed our stay and I can't wait until they go on groupon again so we can afford to go again!
5	Haven't been there yet but I'm so excited.   I have a gift certificate and have been working with Debbie on the reservation and she has been so fantastic. I've had to change a few things a few times and she has been so nice about it!   I'll update after the stay...
2	We went for a silly night of Bingo, Bowling, and drinks.our first stop, bingo, was no good at all.  We were very sober at this time, yet the staff abrasively told us this was a 'quiet game'  that people 'had to concentrate' and we were discouraged from talking or laughing.  Really?  Not many things are as simple as bingo, no strategy whatsoever.  The week before a group of 5 of us had a great, fun, and a bit rowdy time playing bingo at Texas station, and the staff LOVED us!  After our warning, the staff kept hovering over us and giving us snide looks.So, we cut our bingo night short and headed to a local bar where we could enjoy each other's company.After drinks, we came back and enjoyed bowling and a fantastic happy hour at YardHouse (they have vegetarian wings!)Likely I will enjoy Bingo time at Texas station and YardHouse at Town Square.  The way the Bingo staff treated us just ruined our whole Red Rock experience.
5	One of my favorite spots in Vegas, now if only it weren't so far away. Hmmph.Red Rock is the best "Station" casino in my opinion. I try not to review a casino until I've been fully invested in it and tried a bunch of its features. As a resident of Las Vegas, this review does not include the rooms/front desk experience, so when deciding whether or not to STAY at Red Rock, better to read another review!Entertainment-wise I have to give 5 stars. Their movie theaters are nice and well kept. The bowling alley is pretty much awesome, if not a tad expensive. Their pool-side concerts are often a great way to spend a Saturday/Friday night in the summer. As for dining, I have eaten at hachi, the Japanese restaurant and I thought there was nothing wrong with the experience. I've also had The Yard House on ocassion, as well as The Bagel Cafe, which offers deli-style sandwiches that are great for an after-movie meal! There is also a food court which features a Rubios. I do like Rubios, so having it here is a great option.Overall - 5 Stars for Red Rock.
4	Having never been to Las Vegas, or the desert for that matter, I convinced the group I was with to head out to the Red Rock conservation area for a few hours so we could take in the nature and beauty of the area and since we were in the area anyways, we decided to stop and check out Red Rock Casino, an off strip casino located nearby. The first thing I noticed is how different the atmosphere was here compared to the casinos on the strip. First, the place was extremely clean and the smell of smoke was almost completely unnoticeable. Secondly, everyone seemed to be a lot more laid back about gambling and I could easily see how this could be a locals hangout. Lastly, this casino definitely seemed to have a lot of extra amenities built in, such as a theater and a large bowling alley, which unfortunately was hosting a tournament during our visit so we were unable to check it out. Although we did not actually do any gambling here, I would have no objection to spending some more time here in the future if I ever find myself in Las Vegas again and I would highly recommend Red Rock Casino to anyone who is looking for some Vegas fun but is not interested in the hustle and bustle of the Las Vegas Strip.
4	Very happily surprised by the quality of this casino as I booked this through an accidental bid on Priceline.However minus one star for the long commute (25 min) from the strip yet charging a $28 resort fee. The clientele at Red Rock tended to be either elderly or families with young kids. Not a lot of 18-35 year olds - guess they're all on the Strip! Rooms were clean and tastefully decorated, very spacious with 2 queen beds, 2 LCD TVs (one's in the bathroom), and a marble bathroom with both a standing shower and a tub. The casino area was also much larger than expected - I would say maybe at least twice as large as the M Resort's? This seemed like a good choice if you wanted to get away from the hustle & bustle of the Strip yet be able to gamble and enjoy your quiet time at night. Case in point: I went gambling at MGM and left while it was still pretty crowded at 4 am. When I walked back to my room through Red Rock's casino area, there were max 5 people still at the slots and all the table games were empty and deserted.
2	Stayed here recently for a conference. Check-in took forever. Nearly every person in line had a problem, everything from inaccurate quotes from the website, to unexpected room charges to who knows what.The rooms are nice, full-wall windows, and bathrooms are absolutely huge. Though not that soundproofed, I could hear all sorts of activity from the hallway.For a resort/spa hotel I really expected them to filter the water. Vegas is a desert and  the water here is overly chlorinated, which means it's not that refreshing and very drying to the skin, which only exacerbates the dryness of the desert.The food was good and the buffet is a great deal, except for the overpriced Sunday brunch.The casino area is nice, though it could use some more smoke-eaters and again, there's the smell of chlorine from the waterworks.The acoustics aren't the best, the sound gets totally lost in the registration area. And the wind literally howls through the complex, especially noticable in the meeting rooms with patios, the wind forcing through gaps in the glass doors.If you do book a conference here be very aware that nearly anything you'd want is an extra charge, and often ridiculously so (ie $2000/day for wifi per room).You can do just about everything here, see a movie, gamble, go bowling, work out, eat at a variety of restaurants. A nice place if you can get a deal on a room, but IMO not worth the full price.
5	I was pretty worried at first of attending a conference at this hotel.  I had previous guests warn me about the staff and service at Red Rock.  My experience to them was the complete opposite.  The valet service was excellent, food serivce was very classy, my room was amazing, and the employees were very friendly.  If your choice of stay is away from The Strip, please take my advice and stay there.
4	Its a very nice decorated hotel.  needs more cocktail waitresses and cheaper beer but still a nice visit.
4	The hotel is beautiful and very trendy. I booked the room through a Groupon special of $175 for two nights. I can't stop raving about how clean and nice the hotel was. The rooms are huge and so are the restrooms.Pros:BigCleanNewer than other hotels on the stripSuper soft and confy bedsFree shuttle to the airport and/or the stripFree buffet breakfastSignificant discounts with your buffets i.e. $7.99 for lunch and $13.99 for dinner.Cons:$28 resort fee per day not included in the price of the roomPricey Drinks i.e. $16 for two sodas at SandBar in the pool area, $26 for a beer and a strawberry margarita.Slow maintenance of the rooms. The super stocked fridge and bar is tempting for kids and teenagers. My son remove two sodas ($9.98) and he decided to be a clown and move the Patron bottle from it's place for more than 45 seconds.... a $48 joke.Overall, I would definitely come back and stay here. I would just bring my own drinks or save my drinking money for the strip. I would also ask the front desk to remove the beverages, cookies and munchies from the bar.
5	This is my local place and I'm here a lot (but I don't gamble). I go to the salon for mani-pedis regularly, use the spa services when it's been a stressful week, stop by the hotel lobby bar for 1/2 martinis on the way home from work, eat at the restaurants, grab $1 beers and hotdogs during football season, go to the movies or bowling on a lazy day, meet up with friends, book a room when I need a mini-staycation....seriously the list goes on. Beautiful property and I always feel welcome.
1	They are currently running a swipe your card promotion where supposedly "everyone wins" Yeah, like "free bingo" that costs you $2 to play & "free entries" which is not a "win", just an entry. Plus if you did win something & not there they make it hard to find out who won. Also, 1000 points only worth $1? Yeah, play a thousand here and get a dollar, whoopee! Buffet is ok, but nothing special. Not worth the trip to this place.
4	Absolutely beautiful hotel. Had a daily deal and ended up spending IN TOTAL (with resort fees) about $95 per night for a Friday and Saturday night. The rooms are easily classified as a 4 star room. The most comfortable bed, a stunning view of the pool, awesome bathroom with a tv in the bathtub and a free standing shower. Overall, the room is incredible.We did not use the shuttle service and drove ourselves to the strip, it was less than 15 minutes away. Only problem was the service at the bar at the pool. We had a voucher for the pool bar and the bartender charged us incorrectly. I only noticed because I kept a mental note of the price in my head (because she did not give a receipt). Later I checked the room charge and it was wrong. She had charged us for a beer we never had. When we were telling the front desk about it, we overheard another guy complaining about the same thing.... not good!The casino was good, slots seemed pretty loose. Some food was open 24 hours which is good. I really had a great time!
4	Totally a different casino outside of the strip!  It's a beautiful place & modern.I was here for a short time with family members...we just had to leave as it was getting too crowded with seniors (Beach Boys concert that day) and we need to go somewhere else.The penny slots were fun... :)  Will come back again here when not busy.
4	We stopped here on our way back to the city from Red Rock Canyon. We had been told it was a very cool new casino. As soon as you walk in the first thing you notice is the balloons everywhere that say "We love locals". Its very cool to see a casino in Vegas catering to its locals! We walked around, nice size casino, can't comment on anything resort/spa/room related, we stopped just to look and eat. They've got several restaurants. We ate at this italian one that had amazing prices, amazing service, and fabulous food! This place has movie theatres and a concert space too. But I don't think we would drive out here unless it was coming to or from Red Rock Canyon or some other place on the outskirts. Theres just too much to see and do right on the strip. However this is a nice break, it doesn't feel as touristy as the other casinos and its very new. Lovely.
5	On the outskirts of town (near the Red Rock State Park).Flashy Casino and several very good restaurant choice.On-site bowling lanes!The on-site spa services are top-notch.A great place to stay without all the typical Las Vegas hustle and bustle.
5	I was pleasantly surprised at my experience at Red Rock. The #1 cool thing is the free shuttle from the Airport! Unfortunately for me my flight was delayed and I was on a tight schedule, but I called the hotel and they arranged a town car for me. The property is about 20 mins from the strip, but once inside you don't miss it at all. We were there for an outside concert of Blink 182 and it was just awesome. Pair that with loose slots and a ton of different bars, we had a pretty excellent time there. We spent the morning eating brunch by the lovely pool, what is better than that? When I want Vegas without the Strip, I'll be heading to Red Rock. I have seen a ton of great specials for it lately, so I am sure I will be returning!
4	This review is for the casino and restaurants only. First off all the staff I met- dealers and bosses were very friendly and helpful. I didn't win large amounts either-- so that does not tint my review.  I have/did spend time on the strip and no other casino was this inviting to play at.  Tried several restaurants and food + service was awesome each time.   Skip the strip and play where your money counts ... straight to Red Rock and don't stop!  The casino was clean and fun to play at-- though the slots were not all that loose.  Lots of double deck BJ though!
2	This resort is very nice and it caters primarily to locals. It is not near the Strip by any stretch of the imagination, you will need to rent a car and drive about 30-45 minutes depending on traffic to enjoy sin city. The rooms were stuffy, poor ventilation system might be cause. If you don't mind living far from the Strip, this place might be for you. I stayed here while attending a seminar after spending a couple of days on the Strip, and drove to the Strip nightly to enjoy shows and food. If you want to stay on the Strip, this is NOT the hotel you should choose. However, it was very friendly to families, except the Casino environment with smokers all over the place. The pool was large and family friendly as well. The check-in was a nightmare, long lines with only few staff working on a Friday afternoon, are you kidding me? The Wi-Fi was the worst I have experienced, only 1.5 MB for free, but you can buy 10MB for $17.99 which is a ripoff. Unlike vast majority of hotels on the Strip, Red Rock expects you to spend $5 to access their business center and print up to 2 boarding passes. Well, I could print as many boarding passes I needed for free at Bellagio, Monte Carlo, and other large chains. Why charge me $5? Will I stay here, I am still thinking about it....
4	Truly a luxurious resort.
3	Very up-to-date hotel. Pleasant atmosphere. Make sure if you want 3G/4G access in your room that you stay on the west side. Pool has horrible hours IMHO. If you want wifi access, be prepared to spend a fortune.  Drinks at the pool are outrageously priced!  $17 for one drink (includes mandatory tip)
5	We stayed at a different hotel which was affordable and family-friendly.  When we met up with my friend who lives in Vegas, we met at the bowling alley at the Red Rock.  WOW!  Their bowling alley was double the size, they also had movie theaters and an arcade, but they didn't smell as smoky as our hotel.When we wanted to play Bingo (see my review for Kids Quest at Red Rock if you plan to use their child care), the smokers were in an enclosed area so us non-smokers could play in comfort.  They also have non-smoking areas for playing slots, too.  The overall impression of the hotel was awesome.  There was very little smoke in the casino which I really appreciated, and when my friend and I met for coffee and dessert, their cafe was inviting, clean and beautiful.We will stay here next time we're in Vegas!
5	this is my favorite hotel in las vegas. it is modern and beautiful, but it is also the most family friendly. they have a part of the hotel for the kids with movie theaters, bowling alleys and a food court. they also have babysitting for $7 an hour! what?!! we love vegas for poolside R & R and the Red rock does not disappoint... impressive pool area. we love happy hour @ the Yardhouse too.
4	locked in a reservations here to do something different in vegas. if you decide to be a little different and stay away from the main attractions this is a great place. rent a car and drive out here maybe 20 mins and relax. resort is beautiful and views are nice either side. I do recommend to ask the front desk if you can ask for room closer to the elevator. there is one elevator column and it's located on one side of the building while the elevator to the pool and spa is in the middle. if u have the urge for a nice hike the red rock conservation is right there and if u want to head back into strip ur not too far too.... only fail was the slow service at the pool during the holidays. I just got up and served my self the food and drinks. although the staff was the typical tiny blonde girls in bikini which was not bad to look at. thanks for the trip babe and i hope we can go again,
1	I truly don't know where to begin.   I'll give you the bullet points:1) Promised an early check-in.  We arrived at 11:30a so we can enjoy the day.  We didn't get into our room until 4:30P2)  We upgraded to a suite to celebrate our anniversary.   The guest bathroom had cigarette ashes and bobby pins on the floor.3) When we got back to our hotel room around midnight  and turned down the comforter there was a FECAL stripe on our sheets.  Management came up with housekeeping and promised to give our room a spotless cleaning the next day while we were out.  4) We rented a cabana to celebrate our anniversary.  We were told we could bring in our own food and drink.  They told us at the hotel that was incorrect information after we spend a good $150.00 of our own.   After the previous nights' DOODY STRIPE incident that didn't go over well with us.   The pool manager said she let us bring our own stuff in but to keep it on the down lo.   Which we did.   Our cabana hostess was lovely and brought us anniversary champagne on the house in honor of our anniversary.  Very nice gesture.   The next thing we know - security is insisting that they confiscate our glasses, and champagne saying there is no glass allowed by the pool.  When we explained that the champagne and glasses (which were plastic btw) were supplied by the hotel he claimed we were lying and that the hotel didn't carry such items.   Basically this 20 something security guy was treating us like we were 21 year old doing jello shots on spring break.   We are in our 40's wanting to relax and have a romantic weekend away from the fam.   He was rude, condescending and tried to bully us.   5) When we got back to our room - cigarette ashes and bobby pins were still on the floor.   When I turned down the comforter this time there was a MENSTRAL stain on the new sheets.  I KID YOU NOT.   I really felt like we were being filmed.   When we called the manager on duty - BECKY - she was beyond rude and wouldn't address the issue.   She refused to see us in person.   My boyfriend then went down to the lobby and she was rude and told him to go back upstairs.   She sent the day manager of housekeeping upstairs and once again they changed our sheets.   We at this point had missed the free shuttle service that takes you to the strip and the manager told us he would arrange for a car to take us to the strip for free.   When we were ready to leave BECKY refused to honor that and was once again rude and short.  6)  After housekeeping left I went to wash my face and the faucet came out of the wall. The Hotel Manager was lovely the next day I do have to say.  She met with us - comped our room and cabana and gave us a free stay for a future date.  I do have to say - if we do choose to go back is is SOLELY because of how awesome the hotel manager was.   She was EXTREMELY apologetic and claimed that this was not the hotel she knows and would like for us to see what Red Rock is really about.  Looking at the other reviews one would think we had a fluke stay - but for two solid days with things going wrong over and over again - it is challenging to think that this isn't their norm.   I feel bad writing this review because the hotel manager that we met with was so great but this is our truth and felt I needed to share it.  I would love to send the photos of said stains, the broken faucet and the champagne that the hotel supposedly didn't give us but I am not sure how to do that.   Once I figure it out I will be happy to post.   Please don't waste your money and mostly time.  If you are a parent and want a romantic weekend and time is precious to you - then this is not the place to be pampered.
4	Great buffet! An oxymoron yes. Great food even better price.
1	This is strctly a write up on the Red Rock Hotel Buffet. We are locals to vegas and you know the saying if you watch vegas tv "Stations is where locals come to play" so you would think they might be more accomodating.Either way family of 5 show up at 9pm on a friday night. Not extremely late as most places close between 1030-11pm. The host greeted us and said they were closing down for the night and the food was to be picked up off the buffet line at 930 and the restaurant to be cleared by 9:45. Knowing this was no problem because we had to be at a movie at 10pm. So we paid and as soon as we got to the host to seat us she says I dont know why they let you in we are done seating. So they rushed us to our seats. I think it wasnt till about 15 minutes in and the server finallly decided to get us drinks. Food was mediocre although at 925 they put out hot food. Really nothing spectacular on the buffet line. Salad was a little brown food really didnt look appealing. Nothing like the wynn buffet. Ive tried many buffets and no one has been as rude and the food as bad as the Red Rock. Dont go is my only advice. God forbid you show up close to closing they will give you a hard time and try to kick you out before you get in. Well 935 rolled around and they said it was time for us to leave which was supposed to be 945 but I was happy to leave.
4	If you want to stay off the strip and want to relax stay here....I loved my stay here, very relaxing beds, rooms are trendy, and yes it has a soaker tub to relax with a TV to watch.I stayed for a seminar, but liked after 8 hours of work I could go to my room and relax.  I will stay here again if work requires it, it was a great place off the strip to enjoy all on its own.
2	***This is reference their Outdoor Amphitheater***We just visited this property for the first time to watch the Def Leppard/Poison concert. We're locals and see a lot of shows here in Las Vegas. Let me say what a horrible venue for a show! While there's nothing better than a concert under the stars with great weather, this venue is squashed out back between the pool area and a building. Because there's not much room, the majority seating area is bleacher seating the go straight up. The bleachers are typical aluminum, no backs and absolutely no leg room. Everyone was damn near on top of each other, knees in each others backs and constantly apologizing for bumping into each other. The floor seating was actual chairs which also leads to the sound. Unless you were facing center stage near the floor, the sound was bad. Lines for the bathroom and concession area were also a disaster. Since the area is small, there was no real order to where lines were, people were cutting in front of each other and took forever to get a drink. I will try to avoid watching another show here in the future. Not worth the headache and discomfort.
3	My wife and I travel to Vegas about one time per month for a quick weekend away.We tend to stay at 4 - 5 star properties.Red Rock Las Vegas is a very nice property that we have stayed and enjoyed in the past, this trip I was a bit disappointed in some obvious cutbacks.Good: The staff as always was on the top of their game and great as usual (front desk, restaurants, bars), location is great, we love Summerlin.Bad: The furniture in the room is quite worn out looking, their were holes and mysterious stains that were not cleaned from the chairs, and in the cushions there were a plethora of treasures like old navy tags, new years eve poppers and some food. The in room services menu, and the other advertising material in the room was all filthy with food stains and stuck on grime.The bathrooms were surface clean but lots of build up in the corners. Not sure if the housekeeping staff gets inspected by management or not but it sure doesn't seem like it.Their buffet was one of our favs in LV but it seems like they are cutting back on the quality in the last year or so.I only hope Red Rock can stay on top of these issues and not let it slip.
1	Continuation of my yelping of Red Rock, Nevada...We were told within a week we would be receiving our letter stating we were entitled to a free suite for future use.  Just letting you know - Red Rock is consistent.   Their promises mean nothing.    No such letter has arrived after almost 3 weeks.
4	I was impressed from start to finish!  When I asked an employee where the players club was, she asked me how she could help me.  I explained I needed a copy of my players card.  She told me she would be delighted to help me.  After playing I dined in the Grand Cafe for a late breakfast.  The bus person was one of the most friendly people I have ever met.  I am sorry I didn't get his name...middle age, husky latino gentleman.  He was so genuine that I had to tip him a few bucks...just because!  Our server was nice and the food was good.  It took a bit of time but worth it.  Later at bingo, Kathy, my favorite cocktail waitress was there!(I remember her from Sunset where I used to play)  She capped off a GREAT experience and fun day at Red Rock!  I look forward to returning for another good day.
2	Our stay at the Red Rock was like a misadventure in a beautiful hotel that contained a staff not knowing anything about the hospitality and service industry, or caring how to treat their guests.  This is going to be a lengthy review, because there is so much to discuss.PROS:The resort is very beautiful and the design elements are nice.  The hotel is very modern and elegant.  The rooms are decorated beautifully.  The beds are extremely comfortable.  Each room must have really good noise proofing, because we never heard noises in the hallway.  The pool is beautiful.  The Spa is awesome.  Best massage I ever had.  Nice facility with a lot of amenities.  Went to a few of the restaurants and never had a bad meal.  The food was pretty reasonably priced and quite good.CONS:The service here was the worst I have ever experienced.  EVER.  I have never had such a bizarre experience before.  I'm going to break it down to most of the instances.1. Upon checking in, around 12:30am, I went up to my room, which is one of the farthest rooms away.  Once in the room, I was hit with the immediate smell of spoiled milk.  It was like a baby vomited in the room somewhere, and it was never cleaned up.  So I called the front desk and they offered to send the maid up.  I said, I don't think spraying down the room with some floral spray is going to take care of the putrid smell.  The lady at the front desk then said, "well it's Febreeze and it's not a floral scent."  I mean REALLY lady?!  She should have immediately apologized and offered to change my room.  Instead, I had to ask multiple times just to get it changed.  Then, I was told the bellman would come up with my new keys.  After waiting about 25 minutes, I called back down.  Then was told the bellman was on the way.  I waited another 20 minutes, and the bellman called saying he was just notified I needed a bellman and did I need him to come up?  He finally came up and moved my room. 2. We were at a conference with hundreds of other people.  We heard from multiple people that they were getting a late check out.  When we tried to get a late check out, we were told it was $25 for each extra hour.  When we told the front desk that we confirmed with multiple people that they weren't getting charged, they asked us to provide their room numbers so they could corroborate our story.  They were treating us like low-life liars.3. With the exception of one waitress by the pool, the rest were terrible.  A whole row of us were waiting for a waitress to come around and after 45 minutes, we finally got one's attention.  I asked for an unsweetened iced tea with sweet n low.  After 40 minutes, she finally came back with it.  With no sweet n low.  When I asked for it, she said, "Well I am really busy right now.  You can go up to the bar and get it yourself."  I'm sorry.  But wasn't I just paying YOU to get it for ME?  That's what the job of a waitress is.  It was so rude; I didn't even know what to say.4. I had to call the concierge because I had a simple question and was put on hold for about 8 minutes.  I finally gave up and called back.  Someone immediately answered and I said that I had been on hold for so long to which she said, "well I am here now so do you have a question?"  Are all the people at this hotel missing a chip or something?  You work in the SERVICE industry.  Stop being so rude to paying guests.5. On our fifth and final day, we went to the pool we two pool bags.  The security guard at the entrance asked to see inside our bags and I gladly opened it.  I had a sealed water bottle on top.  He said I wasn't allowed to bring it and pointed to the no food or drink sign.  I stated that I have been bringing a bottle of water to the pool for 5 days now.  And he said, well not anymore.  At this point, I had it with the rude service.  Then, walking up the path from the pool was a young woman with a Starbucks drink.  So I pointed it out to the guard and he said that Starbucks is the exception.  Are you KIDDING ME?  I asked him to show me the fine print on the sign where it says that and he clearly couldn't.  So that young lady apparently worked at the hotel and it was her off day because he called her over and asked her to explain to me why she was allowed to have Starbucks by the pool.  She said I am not dealing with this crap and walked away.  So I guess if you work at the hotel, you can get away with anything.  This guy was so rude and nasty. In five days, we managed to have enough terrible service to last us a lifetime.  We really wanted to like this hotel because it's really beautiful but everyone working here seems to be missing brain cells and needs a huge lesson in service and hospitality.  For a hotel that's so far away from the strip, you would think they would be catering to guests even more and not making them feel like an inconvenience.  I hate this hotel.  Take my advice and avoid this resort at all costs.
1	DO NOT GAMBLE HERE!!  I just left there.  I'm not going back.  I just dropped another $80 on nickel video poker without as much as a 4 of a kind.  NONE.  NICKELS!  That's hundreds of hands!  That's crap.  I was dealt 3 of a kind at least 25 times, saw 4 royal cards several times but couldn't hit ANYTHING.I made it a habit of meeting my friends here on fridays as well as stopping by a couple times a week.  What a waste.  It's the only casino I haven't been able to walk away from with a real score.  I'm going to tell my friends we need to meet somewhere else from now on.I've won a few hundred a couple times but they always IMMEDIATELY take it back as I kept gambling.  I'm not kidding.  A couple of months ago I hit a Royal on nickels worth $400.  I stayed and gambled quarters and various slots.  I lost everything back within a couple of hours.  My friends and I have speculated about NOT using our gamblers card to see if the luck changes after a win.  I think the gamblers cards are rigged.AND the service has gone downhill.  Don't ever expect to get served on the floor around 5pm.  It's some kind of shift change.  The last time I experienced that was last friday when, after about 15 min. i finally saw a server, asked for a beer and waited.  10 Min. later I see her come out.  She stops to talk to a couple and stays there talking for almost 10 Min!.  I had to leave my machine, go over to her and give her a dollar and ask for my beer.  Not acceptable...It's a beautiful place, and it has great food... even in the cafe.  But I refuse to go back.  I'm tired of having money stolen from me.  There are too many local bars willing to give you something back once in awhile.
5	Came here with my boyfriend last weekend for a living social deal we got, which was a total steal! It was $199 for Friday 3pm -Sunday 1pm in a suite with a King SIze bed (plus 100 bucks towards the spa, 2 free breakfast buffets, and 6 free bowling games). Didn't really know what to expect because we've never stayed anywhere in Vegas except for the strip.Overall, we were pleasantly surprised that this place was pretty nice! The hotel itself is pretty modern and luxurious for the price we paid. The room was awesome. Great size, great view! The bed was super comfy, and the restroom was really nice and clean! The buffets were way cheaper than any other hotel I've ever gone to. The casino was okay and decently sized. Not as busy as casinos on the strip. Yeah, you may be far from the strip but there's a shuttle that takes you there for free (:! It was nice seeing Vegas for once without the hustle and bustle! The pool is amazing, it has a fountain in the middle. The kids seem to hog it though. I'm a grown women, but I still went to swim near the fountain! IT WAS SO COOL! *Disclaimer: Being in my twenties, this place doesn't really appeal to younger people because it doesn't really have the nightlife kind of experience that the strip offers! It seems to be appeal more to older couples on romantic getaways and families on vacation. If you're in Vegas to just relax, not for amazing day clubs, and night clubs, and wildness, this place is this place for you! I'll be coming back next time with my family or boyfriend for a relaxing time in Vegas, when I've had enough of the craziness on the strip!(:
5	This is the BEST casino/hotel out of all of them, its totally gorgeous, big,cool and the dealers are fantastic. Fair prices, gorgeous views, easy drive and plenty to do! I'll always come here for movies,bowling,drinks and fun.
1	So disappointed with this place!  I bought a Living Social deal for when my friend came into town so that we could stay here, sit poolside and have a mini stay-cation, as I live in Las Vegas.  I had 3 available weekends in August that I could go. I called to make a reservation and all 3 weekends were not available.  The deal expires the last day of August so I asked the reservationist what she thought I should do and she promptly told me to contact LivingSocial and get a refund?!?!?!?! really?I then asked for a manager at which point I was told that they wouldn't be able to help me any further [either alerting me to the fact that they've had this issue so much that management has advise the reservations dept not to pass the calls on  OR they have really bad training with their reservationists?-both are terrible].So my fun stay cation will be planned elsewhere included w/ all the eating/pooling/ and gambling we planned on doing.So now I await my LivingSocial Refund so that I may book another more accommodating hotel.
3	Okay but certainly not special. We had numerous maintenance issues which really distract from any good experience. The a/c barely worked and the desk phone had no power altho connected. Maintenance came the next day and fixed both and there was follow up by admin. we discovered during the middle of the night that the one descent light had a frayed and badly repaired cord and caused the lite to turn on & off at will. TV in bath was falling off the wall and I didn't dare use the tub as a result. Lighting is very poor in the entire room and we often had to open the closet doors and use that light. Very dark decor. Beds and bedding are very comfy. No turndown service and beds sheets are not changed daily. We were there 5 days using same sheets. Not good. Note: corridors are excessively long and elevators are on one end only. (except for pool elevators). I counted 250 steps to my room and we weren't at the end!  No coffee makers in room so a trip downstairs to Starbucks is an adventure.
5	First casino I visited as a 21 year old and I must say it was a perfect choice!Crowded? Not at all. Mostly locals and the fake flashiness of the strip is nowhere to be seen.Games? I had an awesome time learning craps and winning at the blackjack tables. The workers were VERY patient with me and did their best to show me how to hold onto my money rather than lose it.Entertainment? This is one of the best kept secrets in Vegas because there are some awesome shows coming into RedRock without bringing a crowd of wanna-bees.All i all, I walked in with 100 bucks, walked out with 140; not bad for my first time. I'm DEFINITELY coming back to this place.
3	I stayed here several times in 2008 and loved it. It was new and clean and the staff was very attentive and all the little things were taken care of. Fast forward to 2012. We booked our four night stay on Eversave (two 2-night stays). In the description the room was listed as a "king double room suite." When we checked in we were put in a standard room. I spoke with the hotel manager, Patrick. He was nice, but said they don't have "king double suites" so he couldn't give us something they don't have. I argued to him that they do have two room suites, as I have stayed in one in the past. He told us that they had problems with the third party booking company that provided the description and that they have spoken with them and had the description changed. That's fine and good, but I told him that was a problem between red Rock and them and not us. He told us he was not giving us a suite. Strike one. The description also said resort fee included. Not according to Patrick. But he was gracious enough to waive it for us. Description said wifi included. Nope. He waived that also. So basically we got everything except the suite. But it was like pulling teeth. At checkout, some of the things he told us would be waived, were not and we had to argue (mildly) to get them.Onto the hotel. Even though the decor itself hasn't changed in 4 years, I still love it.  It's very contemporary and comfortable.  The bedding is very nice as well.Here's where the hotel tends to fall apart.  Consistency.  We stayed for two 2-night segments separated by 2 days.  In our first room, the scale did not work and we did not have Q-Tips.  In our second room, we had Q-Tips, but no bath mat, pen or pad, and the scale did not work either.  Those seem like little things, but those are the types of things that, when missing, are very conspicuous.The hallway carpeting is showing its age.  There are gum stains in a few spots and there was almost always something on the floor...wrappers, lemon wedges, etc.  By the elevators, they have an ashtray.  Why?  On a non-smoking floor, why would they have an ashtray?Onto the pool.  I love lying out at the pool.  You will too...if you don't want to drink or eat.  Here's why I say that.  The pool itself is gorgeous.  I looked down from my room several times in the mornings and saw them spending at least an hour cleaning and getting it ready.  We did have issues with the service, however. On our first day there, we ordered quite a bit in terms of drinks and food.  Mixed drinks are EXPENSIVE.  $13 for a rum and coke.  Beer is better...$6 for a pint, which is really on par with Chicago bar prices.  They tack on an 18% or 20% mandatory gratuity.  On our first day, our server did not tell us that, and we tipped her 20% on top of the 20% (and no...geniuses, that is not 40%).  It's our own fault for not looking more closely at the line items on the bill.The next time we ordered from a server or at the bar, the servers made a point to mention that the gratuity was already added in.  We were lucky to get service on that first day apparently, because subsequently, we either got very slow service or none at all.  We would regularly wait 30-45 minutes between visits from our server.  One day, I sat at the pool for 2 hours...TWO FRIGGIN HOURS...and never was approached by a server once.  It's a combination that there just aren't enough of them (they should have one dedicated to each pool) and the ones they have are just not good at checking in.  I also noticed a decline in quality of guest at the pool.  There are a TON of kids..most of them are fine and with good parents who supervise them, but a good chunk are unruly.  We sat at the big pool on our first day (something I did regularly in the past) and were shocked at the number and behavior of kids.  We learned our lesson and sat at the smaller pools from then onward.Overall, it's a pretty decent place, but not without its drawbacks.
5	We got a 3 nights free stay here. At first I was like "...mom...red ROCK??? are you serious?!?! ive never even heard of this place in my life -_- can we stay at the cosmos?" but when I arrived I was surprised at how nice the casino layout was and there was GREAT AIR circulation going on, smelled like I was on the beach LOL..no i just like it when casinos have great air circulation, its important to me. Check in was very fast, and when we got our room..lets just say I didnt want to leave it. And I've stayed in Bellagios Penthouse Suite and other suites (complimentary stays though) this place is reallly nice. Theres also a bowling alley, movie theater, and an arcade, so if you have kids they will have something to do.
2	Stayed there is 2 years ago and would have easily given it 5 stars.  Stayed there July 2012 and things have changed.  We stayed on the strip for 2 days before we move out here for 4 days, so got a pretty good feel for the place, the restaurants, pool, casino etc.  Pros:  Nicely designed hotel, casino, and pool.  Rooms were clean and beds were comfortable.   Plenty of places to eat and choices.   The maid, bell hops, wait staff in the restaurants, and Kelly the bartender were friendly, helpful and very nice.  If you get a players card, you get a great deal at the buffet.  Didn't win at the Roulette table, but the person running it was knowledgeable, nice and seemed like he enjoy his job.  He was also very patient with some new to the game players that were at the table.  Enjoyed hanging out by the pool, which is clean, and well designed.  Drinks are expensive but I expect that.  Cons:  The front desk staff, and group running the confrence center acted like every request was a anoyance and inconvience.  The few times I had to deal with them, it made me not want to stay there again. Apperantly the staff when they are off duty hang out there a lot.  There was a pair in the bar one day that were talking about working there and were absolutly trashed, and yelling at the bartender to bring them drinks.  If you work there and are drunk you probably shouldn't talk about working there.  Your room door tends to rattle, when other doors close to yours shut.  I had to put a magazine between the door and jam to prevent this.   We were woke up more times in the middle of the night here, than when we stayed on the strip, by drunks stumbling up and down the hallway yelling at night and early am.  (Had a friend staying on a different floor and a drunk started banging on their door around 4 am challenging everyone to a fight).  I would expect this staying down on Fremont Street but not at a place like this.  Pit Bosses didn't run the tables very well.  I walked in around 10 am on a Thrusday and found an empty $5 blackjack table, I sat down and was soon followed by 2 others.  After we played 3 hands the pit boss came over and up'd the table to $15.   The other people left, I played a couple more hands and then left.  Way to clear out the table.   The lady running the black jack table, mumbled and seemed like she wanted to be anywhere but where she was.  About the only good part was that anoying me made me walk away and I walked away ahead.   I think the smoke eaters in the casino are getting a little worn out, seemed to be smokier than some of the other casinos we visited.The Cherry Club is fun to hang out in, but I couldn't believe how loud they had the speakers going outside in the courtyard by the pool.  I thought they must have really good windows in the hotel for the guests not to hear it.  When we left the club around 1 am and went back to our room we could still hear the base and we were on the 18th floor at the other end of the hotel.  Couldn't imagine what it was like closer to the club.  Some female manager of the pool area came out and yelled at a couple waitresses that were standing around talking.  If your going to repremand your employess do it in private and not infront of customers.  This place could be nice again if it was ran better, I don't know what has changed in the last 2 years but it definately wasn't a change for the better.   If things keep going this way in a couple years they will drop the "resort' from the name and you will be able to book a room here on priceline for $15 a night.
1	I bought a Groupon deal on March 2012 to stay at Red Rock this July for 3 days & 2 nights.   I made the reservation over the phone on March, and when I tried to confirm it on the 1st week of July, the rep said the reservation was never made.  I was so mad because I was not able to save the confirmation number when I made the reservation and they never e-mailed me a confirmation receipt! The rep said that the Groupon was invalid and that if I wanted to, he can give me the dates I wanted for $300/night! I was livid when I heard this! Good thing my husband called them again, and we found out that it was like a call center number and the rep I spoke with was possibly looking at a different hotel chain; so I was able to use my Groupon after all.(Note: when we requested them to email me a confirmation receipt for the 2nd time, they still never did).At the check in, the lady insisted to see a copy of my Groupon voucher even though I already gave them the confirmation number when I made the reservation.  She said she still needs to see it even though I have no way to access the voucher since if you mark it "redeemed" in Groupon like I did when I made the reservation, you loose access to the voucher.  I didn't print it initially because I wanted to save paper.  The front desk staff was very unapproachable about this so I had to e-mail Groupon support staff for help.  In order to do this, I had to PAY $1/min for Internet at the hotel's business center, AND $1.50 for printing. The hotel also charges $15 for Wi-Fi unlike the hotels in the strip.The Feast Buffet restaurant inside the hotel had very poor selection and the food was very bland. The hotel also had poor noise/sound control, got woken up by doors banging in the hallway and loud music playing somewhere in the hotel.  Unless you really want to be AWAY from the strip and all the nightlife, Red Rock makes you feel like you're isolated and confined in every single way.  They don't even have a complimentary shuttle to take you to the strip. Cabs will charge $50 and up for a ride to the strip. There wasn't a lot of options in the casinos as well; they only opened 2 tables for Roulette and Craps even though there was a lot of people waiting to play.  Good parts: the pool was great, lots of lounge chairs.  The rooms were very spacious and clean, with nice views of the Red Rock mountains.  The bathroom was huge and clean.
4	We had an offer of 2 free nights at Red Rock; we also got $80.00 rates for the 3rd night.Per the name Red Rock Casino is about 10 to 15 minute drive to Red Rock Canyon; its about a 20 minute drive to the strip if you take the freeways/expressways and not the surface streets.Restaurants on site are good and reasonably priced.  The buffet is a locals favorite - very inexpensive and thus usually long lines.   We had a great time drinking and eating at the Yard House; they have very nice service there.   Their Grand Cafe was nice (there was also a place you could buy desserts inside this place).  Service at all their restaurants is very good.Rooms are large size - bathrooms are also.   We had a distant view of the Las Vegas Strip from our room.  The beds are comfortable.  We had some problems with housekeeping - they entered our room 3 times looking for the last guests cell phone.  It would have been nicer if they knocked and waited for us to enter the room and not just barge in. One day they also tossed the room shampoo; and did not leave us any - which meant we had to call housekeeping.  Housekeeping issues is the main reason for the 4 instead of 5 stars for the place.The place is great for families.  There are several swimming pools on the property; the lounges around the pools are so comfortable - so nice to sit out on.  They have good service in terms of being able to get drinks and food around the pool.There is a movie theater on site; a bowling alley; child care services. In the summer they also have outside music concerts.  In terms of gambling, we actually won - on multiple days.  There is a wide range of slot machines; table games; bingo, poker, and more.   We were able to get all our meals comped by just playing which made it even better.There are 2 huge parking garages (only one is good to park at if staying at the hotel - since its close enough).   There is also valet parking as well as well as additional parking by the casino.  As such, no problems finding free parking spaces while staying there.Overall, its a nice casino to go to off the strip.
4	This place is located on the West side way off the strip, and it is a destination property, it is open and airy, and clean.  It is worth the trip out there. They have a movie theater and a bowling alley. I have never had a bad meal out there. The pool is very cool. If you have the time make the trek out and check it out. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	My wife had a business conference at this resort for a week and I decided to accompany her for 3 days at the resort. I go to Vegas 1-2 times per year and have always stayed on the Strip. I loved this place as someplace different than the Strip. Someplace I would come with my wife to relax or even a place I would come to in Vegas with my 2 kids. The food at this resort was amazing. I was only disappoined with one breakfast at the Cafe, but the other food I had here and the food at the Japanese restaurant was top notch. We had the Japanese restaurant twice.(I can't remember the name). All the sushi was incredible and the Chilean Sea Bass was absolutely AMAZING! We never went to the buffet. The line always seemed to have 200 people in it. I'm guessing this is because you can eat there buy 1 meal get one free. I think I remember this being mentioned to me when I signed up for my players card. I really like the Cafe for breakfast. Good bloody mary's as well. Crab cake and smoked salmon benedict was very good. I had both on my trip.The pool was very nice. We saw a movie at the theater and that was a nice change for a casino. I thought the room was average. Not enough light. I didn't like how you could open the door and see the bed straight on. I'm weird like that. The shower was small. The TV's were hurrrtting.......Where is the HD in a nice resort like this?????Casino: so different from the Strip. Lower minimums. Laid back. I liked the poker room and liked the sports book.Overall: As I mentioned before I go to Vegas 1-2 times per year. I go every March with my boys for March Madness. This casino is not for a bachelor party, a group of rowdy guys looking to go crazy or to sit back and see all the craziness of the Strip......it is for taking your wife on a romantic vaca or taking the family on a unique trip to Vegas or  for conferences and just overal relaxing.
4	Been wanting to check this place out ever since I first heard of it but on every Vegas trip out that I had a car, I never made it. Well, I finally made the trip and I'm glad I did!Red Rock is a very nice locals casino that unfortunately (for a non-local) is way off strip.  As is standard these days for a locals casino, it has a multi-plex theater (Regal), and a bowling alley. First things first whenever I visit a new casino, I sign up for their players card hoping for a nice sign-up bonus (aka free play). The sign-up bonus was freeplay (anywhere from $3-$500) you can probably guess what I got ($3). After playing and cashing out what I won with my freeplay, I took a walk around the casino to check out what else they offered. Red Rock has many dining choices from food court food to high class dining establishments. First restaurant that caught my eye was Yard House. Yard House is a favorite of mine since I first tried them out last year when they opened a location in San Jose. If you love beer, come here!After playing a little while more on some slots, I decided to take a break and use one of my discount movie passes at the theater and saw the latest Bourne flick: Bourne Legacy (if your a fan of the Bourne films you will enjoy it btw).After the movie I was getting hungry and decided to check out their buffet. The buffet prices were affordable:Breakfast Mon - Sat 8:00AM - 10:45AM $4.99*Lunch Mon - Sat 11:00AM - 3:00PM $7.99*Dinner Weekly 4:00PM - 9:00PM $13.99*Brunch Sunday 8:00AM - 4:00PM $13.99*When signing up for my players card, I was told that I could print out a 2 for 1 (or half off for one) for the buffet. $7 for dinner? Sold!Well, as they say, you get what you pay for. Selection was sparse (in comparison to many of the buffets on the Strip) but for the price it was ok. I won't go out of my way to come back.Overall, I had a good time at Red Rock. It probably helped some that I won a little bit of money here too! Not sure though that I will be a frequent visitor here when I go to Vegas since it is so far off strip.
5	This place is great for locals and out of towners. A newer hotel and casino that offers great dining and gaming options.  They also have big name entertainers that come in to do concerts. Worth the drive and a great place to people watch especially on the weekend.
1	This is a 0 star review. DON'T STAY HERE. Absolutely devoid of customer service!!!!Our party of 4 adults arrived at Red Rock Casino Resort, a Palace Station hotel, at 10 PM on Friday, August 17. After 10 minutes, the desk clerk informed us that we would have a king bed room even though I had booked a room with 2 queen beds on the phone. The clerk said there were no more queen rooms and promised a roll-a-bed that would sleep two. I asked about compensation, and the assistant manager Mark came over. He offered a two queen room at another hotel (we were visiting our daughter who lives  1/2 mile from the resort, so this would not an option) or a $25 resort credit. We settled for the roll-a-bed option, a guarantee of two queen beds for Saturday night, and at 10:30 headed to our room. At 11 I called the instant help number (actually just an operator). They listened to my concern and connected me to the front desk. I sat on hold for over 10 minutes. Finally talking to the front desk, I was informed that it would be another 30 minutes. After expressing frustration, I was forwarded to housekeeping, where I was told they were busy. One hour after check in, my husband and son-in-law went down to see if they could get the bed themselves. They could not but were told that the bed would be there in 15 minutes or we would receive another $25 resort credit. At 12:40, over two hours after we checked in the SINGLE roll-a-bed arrived. The maid told us there were no more comforters. To her credit, she offered to bring us several sheets. While getting the sheets, she managed to find one comforter.  Using the cushions from chairs and bed, we created a second bed. Again, my husband and son-in-law headed downstairs with pictures of what we were reduced to, and received a $100 reduction in the room rate. At sometime after 1 AM we were finally able to go to bed. The next morning after breakfast, we went back to the front desk to check on our new room. The desk clerk informed us that no request had been made for two queens, and there were none available for Saturday night. After the clerk went to talk to the manager, she came out with no options, and we had to forcibly explain the situation the previous night. She asked her manager to come out. After waiting 10 minutes, I asked our kids to find a reservation at another hotel for that night. I came back and loudly told my husband what the kids were doing. The clerk stood up and brought the manager, Rebecca Mitic, out. My voice shaking with anger, I re-explained the situation. She removed charges for Friday night and managed to find a queen-room, which undoubtedly meant that someone else would experience what we had the previous night, and promised that our bags would be moved from our room to the new room while we were out. When my husband called at 3:30 PM, we did have a new room and we had to check in by 5, but the clerk had no idea they were to move the bags. Checking in, the clerk asked how many card keys we wanted, We said 4, she gave us two. In the room, we did not have enough towels. Calling housekeeping, we were told they would be right up. We went out for the evening 45 minutes later, with no towels.  The towels did arrive while we were out. A bogus minibar charge was on our bill. Rather than just accept our word, the clerk asked us if we'd had a Fiji water. The charge was removed.Having traveled in over 20 foreign countries, over 20 states, I have never experienced such a total lack of service. NO ONE cared, NO ONE followed through, the clerks were automatons with no manners, who didn't listen.  I will never stay at anything affiliated with Palace Station Hotels, and I have a hard time seeing us using any restaurants at Red Rock, despite my daughter living a half-mile away. The level of stress of this experience impacting what was to be a fun birthday celebration for daughter.
4	This is a pretty nice hotel.  It's located off the strip but I would stay here because of how nice it is.  The doors to the rooms looked like apartment doors.   The rooms here look sexy.  By that I mean the decor was a chocolate brown and it gave the room a romantic vibe to it.  They have a service button you turn on and off when you want maid service for your room.They had a nice travel guide for free in the room which I certainly took with me.  It was over 400 pages and I've never seen another hotel offer that.  I wanted to see the pool but by time we got there and finished eating, it was closed.  Boooo maybe next time.
4	Stayed here for the first time this past weekend and I would have to give Red Rock 4 stars.  The only thing preventing me from giving them 5 stars is that I booked a 2 queen room and when I checked in I was told that all the 2 Queen bed rooms were taken and they would give me a King with a rollaway bed at no charge.  I went ahead and accepted but I a guy behind me was offerred the same, complained and got his 2 Queens like he asked.  WTF!?!....They either have them or they don't???  Shouldn't have to bitch to get want you reserved in the first place.Anyways, with that being said, the property was nice.  It's a great family hotel.    The rooms are well decorated with a nice Flat Screen both in the room and in the bathroom.  The beds were comfy and I hardly whiffed a scent of tobacco within the hotel while I was there. The pool wasn't crowded and they're were plenty of open chairs to take.  The bowling alley and movie theartre are great if you have kids.  The Yardhouse on the premises was a bonus for a beer enthuist like me.  The casino is pretty large and all members of my party came out ahead after the weekend so the slots weren't tight at all.  The buffett was good and inexpensive, $5 for breakfast and like $13 for dinner.  I was given a free players card at check-in and got two free buffetts with it.  The alcohol was pretty reasonable at the bars, unlike some strip casinos.  There was also a shopping mall across the street with additional restaurants.I will most likely be back at Red Rock the next time I'm in Vegas.
4	We come here all of the time to eat and go to the movies and we finally had time to ourselves and booked a room for the night. Overall the hotel was great and we had no issues. We parked at valet, checked in easily and made our way to our room. You have to have your room key to use the room elevator so don't lose your key!The room was spacious; we had a king bed. We were on the 10th floor and realized walking down our hall that our view was going to be the parking lot at Costco or the parking structure for the hotel. It was the latter. My husband only gives me the best.I didn't pack toothpaste  and they didn't have any in our bathroom so I called downstairs and they brought up 2 dental kits. Nice.I took a hot bath while watching the results to AGT. There was a tv above the faucet in the tub and the tv was actually pretty crappy. The remote didn't even work and I'm thinking maybe it's been dropped in the tub too many times? This tub was awesome though. It wasn't a roman tub but it was rectangular and super deep. I honestly floated in this thing.I used the gym once. It is on the ground floor where the spa is. There is a tv attached to every elliptical, bicycle, and treadmill. They offer ear buds for listening to the TVs but I declined. There were a lot of machines and a lot of weights. They provide towels and bottles of water at every machine and there is a side table full of cold water. I liked the gym. Now I need to go back and try the spa.We ate at Hachi for dinner and the buffet for breakfast.We had a really nice experience here and I can't wait to come back for another night or two!
5	Room was fantastic. The spa treatments were amazing. Rather stay here than on the strip. By far. Will be back
5	I had never heard of this place until this summer and I was totally missing out! I was here for a Bachelorette Paaaarty!  I was concerned about how far it was from the airport and strip (25 min.) but it was not a big deal at all. They have a free shuttle that leaves the airport every two hours. It was easy to get to it from the luggage area.  The hotel has everything the ones on the strip have but less people and you don't have to leave at all.  In less than 48 hours I swear we did a ton of things:  massages at the awesome spa, dinner at the Yard House, danced all night long at Cherry Nightclub, played Bingo (an hour of fun for $5 and you get to free drinks!), went to the movies to see Magic Mike and went bowling (open 24 hours on weekends!!!!).  I loved that they had an outdoor venue for concerts. From our room you could see inside of the venue and I wish I had been  there the next weekend when Pitbull was performing.  Like at many other hotels in Vegas there is something for everyone here but you get to experience it without the traffic and drama of the strip.  We gotta a great deal on Groupon.
5	Rooms are great, pool area had many, many different pool options. During the summer it would be nice to have more shade options. Off the path from "Vegas" but it is a really nice place with a lot of good options to have a great time.
5	Gorgeous resort. Mom bought a Groupon so we stayed there for two nights. She had originally bought the weeknight one, and then something came up and we had to reschedule. The next time we could come was on a weekend, and the nice representative on the phone upgraded us for free to the weekend night rate. Drinks are a little pricey, but it's Vegas. The pool is amazing. They have chairs IN the pool so you can stay cool as well as very helpful staff to take drink orders. The lifeguards will even pull up an umbrella for you. I did not visit the spa, however my mom did, and said it was the most amazing facial she has ever had in one of the most beautiful spas she had ever seen. The rooms were very nice as well. Comfy bed and pillows, nice bathtub and separate shower. We had a nice view of Las Vegas where we could see the strip which was pretty for the sunset, and the other side has a view of the pool and Red Rock Canyon.This place has a bowling alley, movie theater, huge casino, restaurants, beautiful pool, amazing spa, and great helpful staff. If you are looking for a place to vacation away from the Vegas scene, this is it.
4	Awesome room, really good restaurants, and a very nice pool! The only thing was the room service was quite expensive for a hotel off the strip.
3	Had the opportunity to spend 3 nights at this hotel.  When we arrived in the evening, the check-in was painfully slow taking 5-10 minutes per guest checking in... thank god it wasn't a long line.  The hotel internet didn't work, they were having technical troubles.  Called front desk and was extremely frustrating to talk to a human.... when we did, they played dumb saying it should be up anytime.  2 days later it was still down, and then I found out it had been down all week.  No credits for the inconvenience... nothing.  Had dinner at the italian restaurant.... service was terribly slow there.  Food was ok, but expected much more given the price they were charging.  The $15 buffet was a more pleasant experience than their italian restaurant in terms of service and food.    Bowling and movie theatre was great... they have an arcade for kids, but it was pretty small.  Large pool... that was great.  No complaints there!  Hotel room was beautiful, although the tap in the bathtub dripped.  Told the front desk about it while I was trying to get on the internet... nobody  made an effort to fix it, and based on the rust stain on the tub, nobody is in a hurry to fix it.  Housekeeping... came in to fix the sheets on the bed, took the glasses and didn't bother emptying the garbage can.  Had to call for new glasses in the evening, that took almost 2 hours before somebody brought new glasses to the room.  Slot machines were very tight... didn't see many big winners while we were there.  The shuttles were convenient, and prompt... they were on-time everytime we needed them.  The drivers were all pleasant to talk to.  I expected much more from this place, it was disappointing.  We actually shortened our stay at this hotel of 5 days down to 3 and moved to a hotel on the strip.  The other hotel was a far better experience in terms of service quality.
4	Despite being right around the corner from home, I rarely come here as I find myself at the Rampart or Suncoast a lot when I need a casino fix. I do remember they had their grand opening a couple of years ago on my birthday, so there's a bond here. lol!Last visit was lunch at The Yardhouse and it was pretty good. But this review isn't about them, it's about the Red Rock. The place was packed and it seems to be a pretty happening spot. I love the layout and everything that it has to offer. The hotel lobby is pretty upscale as well. I need to hang out here more often to truly take everything in and enjoy it as a whole. Definitely one of the more upscale Station Casino locations.
5	Years ago, I stayed here for my birthday and on my last visit to see family, I stopped in, but didn't get a room this time. I enjoy that there's a property of this caliber, off the strip. It's still clean and hopefully stays that way. It's modern but doesn't make you feel like you don't belong. Restaurants and lounges aka bars as well as movie theater and of course - gaming. I don't remember but I believe there's a bowling alley too. It's a fun property. I took a break from my tour guide duties, showing family around to play a little, drink a little and people watch a little. Good times ... suprisingly from a Station Casino property. By the way, on a separate note - when I did get a room, they were awesome. I didn't hang in the pool area but I did get a massage. A little pricey but I remember the pain being a little less thanks to a coupon special.
4	Great customer service, very nice rooms and great amenities. We recently stayed in Vegas for the weekend and wanted to stay off the strip. I used to live in Vegas and the Red Rock is known as a great local's spot, but I'd never been. The place had wonderful amenities: bowling alley, movie theater, kids zone, arcade, and of course - amazing pool/lounge area. There were tons of cabanas you could rent and numerous pools of varying temperatures - something for everyone. There were tons of lounges so we found spots even though the poolside was packed that afternoon. The wait staff was very quick to ask us if we needed anything and the drinks were large (although expensive - typical in Vegas poolside). Everything was easily billed to the room which was later comped off since our room came with a pool lounge credit! Our trip to the casino club (can't remember the name) was also comped off upon check out, which was a very nice surprise, and they played great music and had nice outside seating and a good dance floor. The only downside was the buffet. Although our room came with a free buffet breakfast, so we can't complain about price vs. quality, this buffet in comparison to others is seriously lacking. Many things looked delicious but then when tasted, were just not very good. The hotel itself is very nice - great rooms, comfortable beds and gorgeous bathroom! We were on the 14th floor and it was a very nice stay.
4	I love this Casino, it is always clean and it feels modern.The bowling and cinema have a cool modern feel and the selection of bars are really good. As a local this is by far my favorite "locals" casino, its not quite the quality of Cosmo or Bellagio or Wynn, but it feels like a community casino rather than one tailored to tourists.Oh, and keep Cherry open! Love the place! Only thing that would be better would be more child friendly films or more accommodating to kids in the bowling alley!
4	From a non-strip casino perspective, it's not bad.   I've seen worse for sure.   But the layout is pretty meh.  Almost if you took a convention center hotel and you placed a casino in it.   The restaurant choices aren't terrible, and they do have a Yard House so that's pretty nice.Decor wise, it's modern with nice fountains on the outside.  Definitely beats out its sister casinos around Vegas (the Station ones) as far as outer decor.   Overall, this is probably the place I'd check out if I wasn't on the strip.What's also interesting is that this casino has a lot more locals coming to it.  This is probably because it is a bit off the main tourist areas and located directly in Summerlin.If anything, I think that the only thing an off-strip casino like this would need to bolster more guests is a better shuttle service.  One every hour isn't exactly fantastic and a cab ride from the Strip to here would probably run you about sixty bucks.
2	I would actually give the hotel and spa a higher rating but their location and lack of accomodating guests to get to/from the strip lowered their rating. Location is HORRIBLE. $55 cab ride into town AND they only have one shuttle bus. Terrible strategy. They should have mutiple buses -- one for the airport and one for downtown and they should run every hour. Nice hotel though. Beds were very comfortable, rates are good, etc. We only stayed there because of a conference and if we had to stay again we would rent a car.Oh, also, they make you sign up for their shuttles 30 minutes before so you have to go down to the lobby 30 minutes before you want to leave -- poor planning.Also, we found a nice Yelp review of the lobby bar and were looking forward to "hanging out there". It is very nice BUT no one served us and it didn't open until 4:00. What? Yes, we were sitting near the bartender where he was just standing looking at us. He didn't even walk over to see if we wanted something to drink. Horrible service.
4	I have never stayed over night at the Red Rock casino..However have worked concerts at poolside...My daughter performed in the hip hop International...I find the casino beautiful.If seeing an outdoor concert at poolside..Be warned that several of you may be standind for the entire concert and very crowded. Sound just Okay. The pool area is gorgeous and if you are willing to pay the price you will be sitting and I'm sure you would have a great concert experience. If you are doing something located in the large hall areas..They were very nice and spacious!
4	Red rock is great for concerts, dinner, or just hanging out! It's more of a lcoals hang out but is really nice for everyone!
5	This place has is def. nice.
4	I enjoy the trip away from the strip. Went to a concert @ amphitheater. Beautiful view of sunset in Sept. Make sure to bring a blanket. Bleacher seats hurt your bum.
5	As the 5 star rating says "Woohoo! As good as it gets!" I love this place the main reason is their buffet, of all the station casinos Red Rock has to have the best buffet ive been to! the variety is awesome and the food is great!! The casino is always very clean and never packed with kids (A plus!)
4	Nice place for a quick bite to eat or a nice dinner, nice area to grab a drink and meet up with friends.  The atmosphere is a little more grown up than the strip, pretty and relaxing overall. Clean and doesn't smell all smoky like some of the other casinos.
3	Switched a $10 table to a $5 table for us but the Blackjack dealer was rusty and wasn't sure of her pay outs or bonus bets... Disappointing...
5	This was the first time I stayed here away from the Vegas strip. I was a little worried as I didn't know what to expect but my stay here was more than what I thought it would be. I was glad that this place has almost everything you would need in order to have a fun time. When I was going into the parking lot, the place looks more like a shopping center. There's a wide variety of restaurants and activities. I was surprised they even have a bowling alley. I'm more of a rest and relaxation type of person so I was glad I was able to freely go in and out of the resort area. The lounge chairs, beds, sofas and lap pool was very comfortable with the soothing music playing the background. I feel that this place has something for everyone. The room was also very comfortable. I opted for the mountain view but was a bit disappointed. I thought that the view would be more of the Red Rock Canyon, but it was more of the pool area, the surrounding suburban area, then finally Red Rock Canyon. Their website made it seem like it was closer to the canyon. Either way, this place calmed my worry and answered with an all-in-one Vegas experience. For more details of my experience with high quality photos, please check these links out: http://www.styleat30.com/red-rock-casino-and-resort-review-part-1-pool-and-spa/http://www.styleat30.com/red-rock-casino-and-resort-review-part-3-the-signature-suite-meals/
3	The rooms at the Red Rock are nice.  It's a shame that, after the nightclub closed, so did the nightlife, as far as the energy, vibe and clientele.  It used to have the feel of a hip hot spot, and since has become a bit more older and sort of couples oriented, for lack of a better description.  The pool area is great, but being in Summerlin, if you don't have a car, you're pretty much relegated to the complex (which there's shopping across the street with standard retail fare like a Best Buy) which does have a movie theater (but who goes to Vegas to watch a movie?), so I think it's time for another facelift or reinvention to give people a unique reason to go off-strip and party like rock stars at the Red Rock day and night.
5	Red Rock Resort makes for quite the getaway.  It's off the strip, but we ended up really liking the seclusion of the place.  And, even though it's a little farther out there is still tons to do there.  They indeed have everything from numerous pools, spa, casino, bars, numerous restaurants, Starbucks, Yard House, a movie theater, and bowling alley.  Very impressive.  And the rooms, they were amazing!  Very modern with lovely views of the pool.  Also loved the bathroom and the huge tub with a tv mounted on the wall for viewing.  Ahhhhh!The pool area was the happening place and the wait staff was quick to supply drinks and food.  We were there for July 4th and they put on a great firework display and everyone watched from the pool area!I loved it all and can't wait to return to relax and drop some cash!
5	My husband and I spent the weekend here for our anniversary. We recently moved to Las Vegas but had not yet been down here to the Red Rock. I'm really glad we decided to stay here. The room itself was beautiful- very new and modern decor and a great view from our room. The biggest complaint was the TV/Cable quality was a bit poor. Can't the hotel afford a nicer, better quality picture? Also, we tried to use the CD player/Radio but it was broken. Meh, not a big deal though, we weren't there to watch TV or listen to music. The bathroom was also big and pretty. We used the tub and were impressed by the size. The casino is nice because there is plenty of room to walk and talk, lots to look at and plenty of slots and tables to play at. It seems that a lot of locals come here for a bit of fun. We sat at a Texas Hold 'Em table with our dealer, Rose who was way awesome. My husband had never played at a casino table before but she was so nice and patient and very personable. We stayed at this table for quite a while because she was so much fun, it almost made us forget how much money we were spending! Anyway, she was great but when it came time for her break, the next dealer (another woman whose name I can't remember) was awful- she seemed unsure of the rules and spoke unprofessionally to another guest at the table. It put us off and we decided to leave. We did have a chance to try the buffet at the casino. It was great. Great price, good food. It's no five star restaurant but it was great for brunch. And I got a few Mimosa's so I had no complaints. Overall, everything about the Red Rock Casino & Hotel was lovely. My husband and I had a great weekend. We will more than likely return for another stay here. I would highly recommend this hotel to friends.
4	I could swear that I have reviewed this place before, especially since this is the casino that I go to the most. Snapshot:-Not close to the strip.  You can definitely avoid the "Vegas Baby!!" group here.  This can be considered a "Pro" or a "Con" depending on what your preference is. -The Sports book:  My favorite sports book, but also one of the smallest.  You will find yourself standing if you're not early enough. Enough Niner Fans here too.  Got Five?, We Do.  -My opinion, one of the cleanest and better Station Casinos.-Poker Room:  One of my favorite poker rooms in Vegas.  I still like M's, but this is one I play at the most.  Tons of pros here, so watch your stack.  The players definitely know what they're doing. Probably less variance playing on the strip during the weekends, but I mainly come for the fun.  I'm not trying to make an income here. -Drinks:  I don't drink much, unless friends and family are visiting.  But when I'm here, there's one waitress that has my drink already memorized.  All I have to do is say the regular and she gets it.  Sometimes it's even just eye contact. -Restaurants I've Tried:  Feast, Yard House, Grand Cafe, Rubio's, and Tropical Smoothie.  Last time I ate at Tropical Smoothie, they started my order before I even ordered it.  I guess I am a creature of habit or just come here way too much. I like all the restaurants here.  Good enough to fill you.  The Yard House can get a bit crowded though.  -Parking:  Never crowded, even Saturdays I'm parking close enough.-Bowling:  Not has many lanes as South Point or Orleans, but also not hard to get a lane.  They also do a good job organizing bowling work events.  4 stars for their bowling room.  1 star for my bowling score.-Movie Theater:  Watched a movie only a few times here.  Can't complain unless the movie sucked.  -Hotel Rooms:  Only stayed here when I got my free offers.  In the summer, I definitely take advantage so I can get access to their pools.  The rooms aren't the biggest, but clean and reminds me of Aliante.  Or Aliante's remind me of Red Rock's. -Pool:  I think it's one of the better pools in Vegas.  Yes, you have to experience the strip hotel pools or Hard Rock's Rehab at least once.  But this pool is chill and you can actually get your drinks without having to wait forever. -Concerts:  I haven't watched a concert here yet, but have been told that the venue is big and well organized. This is my favorite casino in Vegas.  I know there's a lot better on the strip.  Just inconvenient to hit up the strip all the time, especially on weekends.  Only during the NFL season that you can consider me a regular here.  Usually here to watch the Thursday, Sunday, and Monday games.  At the same time, I'm donating to the players in the poker room. I recommend this place for both, locals and out of towners.  It's definitely a change from the casinos on the strip. Less crowded, clean, and plenty to do.  PS.  Honey, if you're reading this.  Remember, daddy loves you.  It's the weekend, but don't sleep too late.  Love you.
5	We spent the day here on a recent trip to Las Vegas.  The resort is a beautiful 20 minute getaway from the craziness of the strip.   The casino was cleaned and smelled good,  which I can not say for most of the casinos I have been in.  We ate in the buffett for lunch and there was enough quality food to feel like it was worth the money.  The bowling alley and the movie theater were a nice break. And best of all... I won 4000.00 on the $1.00 video poker machine.  I will be back for sure!!
4	It is a solid place to hang out for locals and tourists alike. I hit it up Saturday night with a friend that lives in the area. She got me off strip where I live and play lol. It was good I suppose!  We worked the area but mainly focused on the Hotel Bar where it was very tame and we could chat. The bar is a nice area that even on a crazy crowded night in the casino, was very subdued. However, the Jack on the rocks and $12 per glass seems high even by Strip (which I wasnt on) standards. I will hit it again I am sure because she loves it there! I dont know if I wold drive out there without the coaxing, however it a decent setup for sure.
5	Had the best time here in our staycation. The staff was very nice and the room was really nice. The view was very beautiful. Our room over looked the pool and the mountains. I would like to spend a few more days here!The great thing about the Redrock, they have a lot of things for parents to send there kids to do. Movies, Arcade, Kids Quest, Pool, Bowling and a cool food court.
4	one of the best convention hotels I've been to.  Superlative meeting facilities and this three day session went very quickly.  Big rooms, great food during and great views from the deck/ballroom.  Hotel is nice, typical Vegas nickel and dime practices but the value quotient was very high with a great view and nice amenities.  Front desk service very good.  It's off strip which I consider a good thing.  Restaurants are top notch, lobby bar definitely a great place to go hang.  The spa and gym facilities also get a shout out as well.  Casino is typical, I thought the poker room and sportsbook both were small although very nice.  As another reviewer pointed out, if you're a fish then watch your stack at the card tables.  There are some serious players.  Overall I really liked the place and it's impossible to beat for the money IMHO.  Plus if you want to hit the Strip, it's only a 15 min (complementary) shuttle away.  But for the limited amount of free time I had, Red Rock worked just great for me.
4	We had our first Thanksgiving in Vegas at the Feast Buffet.  Gotta say it was really good.  Kids loved it too.  We had a lot of family fun and grown up fun too.  Kids spent an hour in the Kids Quest area and had a blast.  We bowled too.  Great place for some family (and adult) fun in Vegas!  Staff is fantastic, great deals when you get the Boarding Pass.  We were really impressed with the entire facility.
4	I play a lot of different games at this location. It feels like my "home casino," In that I mean. I'm constantly there watching a movie, dinning, or gambling anywhere from Black Jack to the Sports Book. It's great up there!! Very nice location and everything is new and prestige!
4	This is my favorite Casino to come to. Whether it's dinning, games, bowling, or the movies. Tonight's choices were food and games. Had a $10 free bet in the mail for being a member and I just cashed in on that! What an awesome incentive, specially for me. Tipped my dealer, got out ahead. Goodbye Black Jack tables!!! Extra $ in my pocket :)
4	A nice spot to get away from all the madness of the strip. An excellent variety of table games and slot machines, this place is the local place to be to check out the eye candy. With plush designs and furniture and easy access to get in and out of this place is well worth the drive.FYI they do have most closed circuit fights in their huge bowling alley. Also, their restaurants provide all types of food to satisfy anyone's palate at reasonable prices.  This is definitely the Station Casinos best property.
3	This casino is nice, but it's soooo far from the strip unless you plan to stay entirely at this resort it's hardly worth staying.  The amenities are pretty nice though, it's clean and new.  I had a problem with the wireless, the room kept saying I wasn't properly checked in and had to call several technicians who finally said that all the rooms were down and would be fixed in a couple of hours.  The next morning it hadn't been fixed yet and so I asked to move rooms.  Voila!  The other rooms were working.  Otherwise a very nice hotel and resort to stay at, the pool is beautiful and they have some good restaurants.  But if you're planning to go anywhere near the strip, I'd reconsider.
4	As the Flagship for Station Casinos, Red Rock has never disappointed me, not once. I always find ample parking, I like their mix of restaurants, and I like the outdoor amphitheater in the summer. My favorite part of Red Rock though is the Sports Book. While Station Casinos has rolled out a great mobile betting app called Sports Connection I still like going in and staring up at the wall, catching the occasional horse race or NBA game on screen. Service? Top Notch. I've always been taken care of here from having drinks in hand while playing slots to help with parlay betting at the book. In short, while Stations has other properties close to me, you can't go wrong if you're in the vicinity of the Flagship and you step inside. By the way the palm trees on top of the hotel tower always gets people's attention when we pull up. 4 Strong Stars.
5	Just like the name, this place rocks. When visiting Vegas I would rather drive to Red Rock Casino than the strip any day. Keep up the great service, great prices.From a Yard House Brew Pub to T Bones Steak House. My new fav.
3	Back in the day, this was the place to go and have a real quality "Vegas style" buffet , great food and low prices. The food is still pretty good, but the  Sunday buffet I used to enjoy while having  maintained the same quality  food, has tripled  the price, even with the locals players card discountThe last few trips have proven to disapoint, as the normally friendly greeters and servers have taken on a serious case of I dont care. Three stars
4	I don't gamble, but I like this casino, it has the yard house, good steak joint and the movie theater. The food court is pretty good!
5	A beautiful and newer property. This place is really nice. The casino is bigger than a lot of strip hotels and it's certainly newer than most. The Buffet is reasonably priced especially if you get a players card. The downside is that it's a long drive from the airport or the strip. If you had to get a taxi it would cost you to get there, but you would save money on eating and rooms and really enjoy the place. A lot of locals come here for fun. I see why.
5	For those of you who want the positves of Vegas (gambling, sports books, well appointed rooms, fine dining) without the negatives (excessive smoking, degenerate gamblers, high miminimums at tables, and crowded everything) then Red Rock is your place.  We spent a quick day there and even though it was the 30th of December and a Saturday, it was downright pleasant.  Ate dinner at "T-Bone", hung out at the sports book, had a bite at the Yard House, played $1 dollar craps and never felt cramped.  Best detail: the spa is free!  They have wet and dry sauna and a hot and cold pool.  No extra charge.Next best detail: Lucille's BBQ is coming.  If you are not familiar with Lucille's it is a chain in SoCal where the wait on a Friday is 2 hours....portions are Flinestone like.Excellent place, great service, and for a drive 20 minutes outside of the strip, well worth the extra time to get there.
4	I've visited a few times but this was the first time to stay at the resort. First off, I'm impressed with the modern feel and chandeliers making it feel swanky. I didn't feel cramped walking through the hallway to get to the room. A plus for the hotel rooms is that they have a mini hallway to your room.  Definitely a plus for keeping the noise in the hallway to a minimum vs feel like people are having a party right outside your door as they walk by.  The rooms are spacious, blackout curtains, his and her sinks and what's that?  A TV above the bathtub!  This was my favorite part of the hotel room!  As a connoisseur of hotel bathtubs this soaking tub definitely filled up fast and was very comfortable. There are less casino tables here but most of the dealers are very professional and fun to talk to making the game interesting.  The down part is having the TV. screens located on the circular wall in the middle of the floor where your seat is back to the screen making it awkward to catch glances of the screen or if there's a big game. I think the TVs are more for the dealers. As for food choices, lots of good choices for different types of eaters.  They have a good buffet with lots of options and I didn't have a problem with overcooked or dried out food that you find at other buffets.  I noticed the kid's center, bowling alley and movie theater. This would be a great place for families as they have everything and a variety of things to do if you don't gamble. Will hopefully be back soon!
4	It's a nice place to stay but no where near the strip. The rooms are large and the bathrooms are nice. The valet service is slow and so is check in. Don't expect bell service because we were never offered it, nor did I see any bellhops in the hallways. Ad the hallways are outrageously long!!  263 steps from the elevator to my room. As for the casino, it's pretty nice!  Clean, open and not smokey!  Great food options from the buffet, food court and restaurants. And, nicely priced. The hotel rooms are very reasonably priced, too. The pools are beautiful and it's pretty quiet, so if you don't want busy Vegas, this is a great place. So, if you balance the good with the bad, it's still a decent place to stay.
5	This is one of the best hotels I have been to. The best things in their room is the huge tub, the big shower, the comfortable beds, and the giant screen tv. Also this hotel has the best buffet ever the food is so good.  The best of all is the arcade the biggest arcade ever I won a lot of things with all my tickets. So if you want to come here go ahead because it is a awesome hotel.
4	Nice, clean room for a very good price. Far from the strip though. The room service was excellent, the food was SUPER delicious. Our pizza and seafood were made fresh. I didn't like the casino though, it was kinda empty.
4	FIrst, what a hip hotel. Love the design. Love the rock music blaring everywhere. The room is awesome. The restaurants are awesome. The fire the lights...bla bla bla...Hotel Peeves....Some of my pet peeves are you have to use your key to use the elevator. Not a bad idea, but what a fucking hassle. My hands are full and I have to drag out that plastic key to use the elevator...lame. Second, I like to have a cup of coffee in my room. Yes, I could get one delivered from room service, but again, a hassle. They have a Starbucks on the casino level, but again the room key the elevator the hassle. Hey, how about putting a cool, modern, sleek, hipster coffee pot in the room for those of us professional travelers, who like a bit of brew alone in the morning. Just sayin'...I lived in Las Vegas for 25 years and these neighborhood hotel/casino's are really a nice alternative from the horrible strip.Stay here and have some fun. It's quiet and parking is great. It will take a good 35 minutes to get to the strip.
5	I had the privilege of visiting this place on new years weekend.  Safe to say that I was pleasantly surprised!  Last trip to vegas, I stayed at Green Valley, which was also nice, but the atmosphere and all here at the Red Rock was more to my preference.Like everyone else has mentioned, there's no local degenerates trolling around, and no thugs.  Just a lot of mid to upper class tourists enjoying their vacation.  People of all ages will feel comfortable here.Everything in this place pops and screams that it's brand spankin new.  Very classy and tasteful, and most importantly comfortable.  Nothing looked out of place, and nothing was under construction - just one complete and well thought out resort.  Casino has all kinds of price ranges to satisfy everyone, as well as full pay video poker (good luck findin those on the strip).  Restaurants and bars were top notch, movie theater was nice, valet was underground and takes you right to the casino.The only regret I had, was that I chose to visit this place last on my trip, and only got to spend a day here.  I recommend this place to anyone, visit it at least once on your next trip.
5	WELL SLAP ME IN THE FACE AND CALL ME SUSAN!!This place is the SH$&!!! Excuse my French, but really it is. Let me start by saying it is about 20 minutes from the strip, in upscale Summerlin. If you want that crazy crowded scene that the strip offers, this is not the place for you, however, if you like a laid back, upscale, chic style resort, book your reservation now. The music that played throughout the hotel was nice. I have never heard such laid back, relaxing, yet rock style elevator music. The over-all look of the resort is grown & sexy, with nice chandeliers everywhere. We stayed in the signature suite, it boasted a dining area, huge living room, wet bar area and a large flat screen TV. There was a fantastic view of red rock mountains, from nice floor to ceiling windows. The drapes were sexy and push button. The suite had 2 bathrooms in total. The master suite had a huge king bed, flat screen TV and  huge windows as well with a nice view of mountains and pool area which they call the backyard. It had many pools, from large size to small private pools. It also had many cabanas and plenty of attentive staff to serve you. Our bathroom was huge with a perfect deep sunk in spa tub, double sinks and a huge waterfall shower. The bathroom was all glass and marble....Let me not forget about the flat screen TV right above the tub for your viewing pleasure!The hotel itself has several restaurants, a couple of clubs, a mall, bowling alley and a movie theatre. You literally didn't have to leave for anything. They even had kidsquest. This place was great, you can leave your kids there for up to 6 hours, the cost varies from the age of the child. If I remember correctly, my 10 year old was about $6 an hour and my 6 month old baby boy was $8 an hour. The facility was so clean and cute. The baby section was well staffed with tumble time and lots of love and toys. The bigger kids area had a mini size cafe where they can order food and pay with a credit card that you load with money before you leave. If the children run out of money, they call you to see if you wish to add more. They had a stage with instruments, and microphones etc for the kids to put on shows, in addition to video games and much, much more. My daughter begged me to take her every day. The best moment we had as far as customer care was when we called valet and asked if we could come down and retrieve our iPods from the car. They did better than that, they went and got them and brought them up to our room, along with a few bags we had forgot about in the truck. Our stay was so enjoyable that we ended up staying a extra night, they were more than willing to extend our stay for the same rate.Would I stay here again? Yes, and I have, 3 more times since our first stay.
4	We stayed at RRC last weekend and loved it.  The hotel is a bit of drive from the strip but it wasn't a problem at all.  It was actually a relief to have a break.  The hotel beds are super comfy and the service was lovely.  The Feast Buffet is good.  The cafe was ok.  What's great is the Red Rock Cyn area for hiking.  Beautiful.I will go back again for sure in the summer so I can enjoy the beautiful pools.
3	I have mixed feelings about this place. On the one hand, the interiors of the rooms are gorgeous as is the general property. But there's a lot of little minuses that snip away at the star rating. First off, as mentioned in previous reviews, the walls are really thin. You can hear people talking and walking around not only in the hallway outside, but also in neighboring rooms. On my first night here, the folks staying on the floor above me were feeling rather amorous and engaged in a really loud love-fest between 2 and 4 in the morning. The second night was a bit better, though I could still hear people walking around upstairs and folks talking (and kids running/yelling) outside in the hallway.Next, the casino. I saw another review here that suggested the Player's Cards are rigged. I'm inclined to second that opinion. The entire time I used the players card, especially at slot machines, I ended up losing. But the second that card was removed, I would start winning.Speaking of gambling, this place is a bit of a drive from the Strip. We're talking a good 15 miles on the highway, though they do offer a shuttle that runs every two hours. The shuttle drops you off by the Treasure Island/Trump Tower area. It would be better if the shuttle ran hourly. Food. The buffet showcases a variety of food genres, BBQ, Italian, Mexican, Sushi... but it doesn't look very appetizing. The meatballs from the Italian area and the cranberry sauce was pretty good though. I didn't dare try the sushi.They also hit you with a $24/day "amenity fee" which they say includes access to the fitness center, WiFi, phone use and a few other things that would be free at most hotels.All in all, I wouldn't say I'd stay here for sure, but I'd definitely consider it, especially if the room price is discounted. Just keep in mind that you're a good 20-30 minute drive from the Strip and if you plan to head out that way, you're better off just staying at a hotel in that area.
2	It's a sad day when I have to give this place I was once adored, 2 (+1/2) stars. I used to dream of staying here.... I stayed one summer weekend a couple of years ago and was in complete bliss... But, times have changed for the RR... They need a facelift of staff and decor. I love the modern look. Seriously, I wish my house looked like the red rock inside. However, the upkeep must not be good because it's now dingy and icky. I started my stay on the wrong foot when we walked into the check in area, and there was no staff person in sight to check us in. There was a concierge standing at his post twiddling his thumbs, and saw us there, but didn't offer to call anyone to the front desk. After 10 min of waiting, I walked over to him and asked that he make a call to have someone appear... We arrived in our room to it being only half made up from the last person. There was no new soap to wash our hands, and the bathroom was... Gross. The spa was nice, as I remembered, but the grout around the wet areas like in the showers, steam room, and spa was mildewed and grimy... Not what you would expect from them. And may I suggest... Cranberry infused sparkling water and cucumber lemon water in the spa lounge? That's how I fell in love with the spa at the M resort. Just saying... But then again, they also had Moroccan Oil products in their showers, everything was spick and span, and the ladies who worked in their spa were sweet and attentive. Again, just saying. :)
1	Hachi,Absolutely the worst dining experience we have ever had in Vegas...we have been going here for many fine Japanese dining experiences..when you don't get what you ordered, and then have the server TELL you this is what you ordered..WTF...won't be be back...I know Management monitors this....make it right boys...Your losing the locals...
4	What's not to love?LBS, Regal Cinemas, a great decor.I love hitting up Red Rock from time to time. Nothing like a good trek across town every now and then.
1	WORST HOTEL EXPERIENCE EVER.Hotel staff was rude and not helpful at all during or after our stay. The first issue we had during our stay (1/18 to 1/20) was after gambling for over an hour (and being down over $400 at that point), a drink waitress finally approached the area of the casino we were in asking for cocktail orders. We signaled that we would like something, she acknowledged us, but before we could order anything she turned and walked away without another word. I'm not usually one to complain (especially about something that is complimentary) but after playing for a significant amount of time and losing a fairly good chunk of change, being acknowledged then rudely walked away from before we could get a word out is completely ridiculous.   Not to mention, the rest of the time spent on the casino floor (aside from the short amount of time at the card tables), we were not approached again by anyone on the floor offering refreshments.  Would have been nice to have a single cup of coffee or even a bottle of water while playing. On top of this, we get home from our trip (booked and paid for completely through a travel agency), and notice two charges from the resort of 27.99. After a call to the resort, I am told these are for "amenity fees," which I do not recall being told about by the front desk at check in.  When I questioned these charges and informed her that I was told by the front desk at check in that my credit card was only needed for a deposit (and that my card would not be charged anything unless there was damage to the room), she stated that the front desk would not have informed me that they would be charged to my card because it is not their "responsibility."  I was told to take the issue up with the agency I booked through because there was nothing she could do.  Im not even sure what "amenities" these charges even cover as we couldn't open the broken mini bar in our room, a package I dropped off at the concierge still has not been registered as accepted through the postal service (I assume they haven't mailed it out yet-- even though they can't tell me for sure), and it's impossible to get drink service on the casino floor unless you're sitting at a table. I would think perhaps they might cover things like use of the hotels WiFi but my travel agency vouchers expressly state "free use of hotel wifi, fitness center, parking, and pool."  So these should have already been covered.  The only pleasant part of this trip was the movie we saw at the Regal Cinemas (awesome!) and the lunch and drinks we had at the Yard House on site (not affiliated or managed by the hotel).  We go to Vegas quite often and we were very excited to come check this place out for a weekend, but after our stay would definitely NOT recommend this resort to anyone or stay here again.  For the same price (or less) I'd recommend staying at Caesars or the Rio.  Both hotels are equally as nice if not nicer, and the hotel staff and services are wonderful.
4	have not stayed here, so a review of casino ONLY.  the casino floor is one big and almost perfect circle.  you can easily get lost and lose tract of where you are.  i love their Regal cinema on site, which includes IMAX.  they have a lot of new slots, but they replace them as fast as they install them...so watch out!  i do like spending time here...as the atmosphere is very relaxed.  drink service SUCKS though...try flagging one down for coffee or water is actually harder than winning in their casino.  oh well.  it's a very nice place.  need to try their buffet, as i heard it's quite good.  i consider this to be a darker casino, not much light inside, similar to Aria.  they also have a food court inside, but the Starbucks doesn't open until 8am...WEIRD.
4	Love the red rock, has a lot to offer. Lounge, spa, clubs, gambling. Best "locals" place casino-wise! Its newer-ish so its not old and crusty like the station casino. Its great to go visit for a night.
4	Red Rock is a great local spot... It's not that new anymore but it still looks new.. They have a very modern and clean look. I would definitely recommend this hotel for a staycation or for anyone who wants a hotel far from the strip.. I don't think any of the restaurants really stand out though.. Especially the cafe, I wish they had better food and prices. But the movie theater, bowling alley and bingo hall are all very nice. The pool is so pretty and I hear their outdoor concert venue is nice as well.. And I do believe they just reopened Cherry Ultra Lounge..I do wish they had more cocktail servers for the slots.. there are times where we will be playing and no cocktail server is around for over a hour...The rooms are great! Nice comfy beds and the bathrooms are huge complete with a nice soaking tub. I like how they designed the doors to be more on the inside rather than right on the hallway.. you'll have to see it to know what I mean haha  HOT TIP: Definitely take advantage of the spa if you stay here.. Entry is complimentary since it is included in the resort fee~ & don't forget to sign up for a player's card to get some coupons ;]]]
4	Nice, clean, and pretty. I like that it's away from everything and especially the madness of the Las Vegas Strip. The movie theater (Regal Cinemas) is nice and I like the addition of the fan-favorite Yard House restaurant. This is my choice of visit when deciding on a casual night of a movie or outing. The property is overall really nice and as long as they keep offering great establishments within, it's definitely worth a visit.
3	We recently stayed at the Red Rock and it was alright, the service was good, the hotel itself was attractive, the room price was standard, but the resort fee was a little annoying. I understand that most hotels these days have these ridiculous resort fees, that you HAVE to pay. All for what? I don't need a newspaper delivered to me in the morning, I don't care what's going on in the world, I'm on vacation. I don't need wi-fi, I have a phone w/internet capabilities. I don't care about going to the gym, I'm pigging out at the buffets, DUH!Also, the way the hotel is laid out, our room was at the very end, so walking from the elevator took like forever! I've never had to walk this far before at any hotel, usually they put elevators in the middle so it's not so bad, whoever designed this hotel needs to be punched in the face, you sir/madam are a dumbass!I think next time I'll pay a little more to stay on the strip, we gave it a try, this place just didn't cut it. Pass.
3	Baboy bought me a spa package for my birthday. I had casually mentioned the services I wanted to get done but in hindsight had I known what all the different services offered were before he booked the appointment, I would have definitely chosen differently.Anyway, he booked the Taste of Red Rock Package: Swedish massage (or classic facial) and a mani and pedi.The massage was fantastic. Suuuper relaxing and nice. Never wanted it to end.Time for my mani. I changed it to a Gel Manicure instead of the basic. Lots of colors for the gel, just not super bright ones like I personally LOVE! The mani was fine... But later I noticed there is a bump on my nail from the polish! A discrepancy. Ugh. For the price of a gel mani my hands should have been dipped in GOLD parafin wax and my nails should have been completely flawless! I will stick with my regular mani/pedi place - shout out to FLAMINGO NAILS! One thing I did like though is that they dont use the electric nail file so I didnt feel like my nail was getting super thin - I totally hate that feeling.My pedi was decent too. No bells and whistles but she did a nice job.This was my first time at this spa. I would definitely go back but I would get different services and take full advantage of all the amenities like the spa pool, steam room and sauna!Also since I changed from the classic mani included in the package to a gel mani, all of the services ended up being a la carte. The plus side in that is we were able to get the Locals discount!!! VERY NIIIICE!
3	Two of us went to the Breakfast Buffet this morning. It was advertised as $6.99 but when we got up there they said its is $9.99 unless you have the rewards card.  We didn't have that so the lady asked if we would like to sign up.  We said yes so she pointed to somewhere out in the casino to go sign up.  REALLY?  We just spent 15 minutes inline!!  We paid the full price and went in.  It was only half full but that sat us as far away from everything as possible.The food was pretty good.  No complaints there, but it wasn't anything to brag about.  The orange juice and coffee got there after we had already finished our first plate of food.  But the waiter did come around a couple times to check on us so the service did pick up.Id go back to the buffet but wouldn't make a big effort to do so.
5	I had the pleasure of staying at this hotel for work and I was pleasantly surprised at how nice it was. Had I not stayed here due to a conference I had to attend I would never venture to this location as it's off the strip. I would've missed out on this gem. The hotel was very modern. The bathroom was extravagant with a flat screen tv in the tub, and a separate room for the toilet. Like Wynn, the tv in the room greets you by name. I'm always fond of personalized things. Actually, you will be impressed prior to entering the room! Each room has a sunken entry way that resembles a home or a condo. I felt like I was coming home, not checking into a hotel. Outside your door is a gigantic potted plant (can't recall whether it's real). Its little touches like this that sets hotels apart from one another. Unfortunately I didn't get a chance to explore the rest of the hotel due to being stuck in my "exciting" conference. However, to me the room is more important than slot machines and scent of cigarettes.
1	We got a room for the night with the kids and I would say very disappointed when we got into our room it smelled like someone had a sandwich and left it on the heater it smelled like onions and dead sandwich meat we called about the smell and they brought up an ionizer it just made it cold in the room and on top of that wifi isn't included with the room you get free wifi at Burger King you would think the $100 we lost in the casino they could afford free wifi in the room!!!
1	I've been to this casino many times before from gambling to bowling etc. Anyways I took my little brother to the movies today and I ended up loosing my medication in the seat that i was sitting in which i have to carry for stomach complications, I had realized I left it about a half hour after the movie finished so I called them and asked if they could look for me the guy that I talked to was very rude and said I just give tickets out I don't take care of the theaters he also informed me that there is a movie playing and nobody's going to look for me told me to call back when the movie was over so I did he said that they didn't find anything so I asked him if they clean the theaters every time and he said yes well if that was the case they would have found my meds me and my little brother were the only ones in that row so I guess some teenager that makes minimum wage that cleans the theaters decided to take them : / I wouldn't be writing a bad review if they would have put a little more effort into there jobs but I guess you can't expect much from minimum wage movie theater cleaners. Just wish people had morals and feelings for others won't be returning!
4	So i've recently added Red Rock to my rotation of casinos i frequent.  It's the 2nd closest casino to my house.  Some of it's features:Gaming - my guess is this is the largest "local" casino - machines 'o plenty, table area is kinda on the small size compared to the rest of the casino.  The craps tables are decent - 10x odds and the fire bet. Also, $5 craps and BJ tables.  Decent comps and giveaways.  They have one of the nicest Bingo rooms in the valley.Food - nice selection of restaurants and one of the better food courts.  My favs: lbs - one of the better burger restaurants in Vegas; Yardhouse - big surprise, great beer selection, decent food; Hachi - great selection of japanese food - a little pricey; i've yet to try terra rosa.  In the food court - i frequent fatburger and capriotti's.  Sadly, the buffet has gone downhill over the years.Entertainment - Movie Theatre is great but very busy on the weekends; they have some decent concerts within the outdoor venue;  I've yet to try the bowling alley.Hotel rooms - surprisingly, i've yet to do  staycation here - some day ....They have tons of parking, easy access from the 215 fwy.
5	Thoroughly enjoyed our stay here from Feb 23 - 26.Starting with the reception desk, we had a very warm and efficient welcome, and want to give a special shout out to Desayana (hope I got the name right), who was on staff the evening of Feb 23rd and who ensured we had a wonderful room on the 16th floor, with a view of the canyon and swimming pools. She must have read our minds, because this is exactly what we were hoping to get and without us asking specifically for it, she booked it for us. Exceptional service!Parking at the resort is a snap, even on a Saturday night.The rooms were very clean and modern, and the hallways around the resort are gorgeous.  Other folks have complained about the walk to and from the rooms, but I've stayed in places with longer walks and given how nice the hallways are did not mind the walk at all.The casino was very clean and well appointed and the dealers and cocktail waitresses very friendly and considerate.  We are not gamblers so they were patient with our amateur ways.  We ate at the Yardhouse twice and had really good food both times and good beer, of course.  We really enjoyed Fatburger for burgers (obvious, right, but the breakfast burger was also good)  and drinks in a few of the bars. The swimming pool was really nice, and not crowded this time of year (I was one of two people in it). Red Rock Canyon is just a short drive away and worth the trip to get a different feel for Vegas - many restaurants and stores down Charleston and close to the hotel in case you forgot anything.  One suggestion though to the Red Rock - please put coffee makers in the rooms and cover the service under the resort fee - such a nice touch to not have to get dressed in the morning for coffee downstairs.We would stay here again without question and highly recommend it. Thank you for a great birthday, Red Rock!
3	Good food with an extensive menu and good service. However be prepared to wait even if you have made a reservation as they get very busy! They do not take reservations for parties larger than 10 on the weekend between the hours of 5-9.
4	Great place!  Kids club was professional, clean and my kids had a terrific time.  Did not stay here, but had a terrific afternoon and would definitely look into spending a weekend.
5	One of the better hotels I have ever stayed at, clean, great views, the staff is outstanding!
4	If it wasn't for the resort fee, I'd say forget the strip!I'll get that out the way. I don't like to support casinos who charge a resort fee because quite frankly, they should just include those charges with the room rate and not be sneaky about it. But if you don't mind resort fees and would like to find an alternative from the Strip or downtown LV, read on.Red Rock has many amenities. The one that stood out the most for me was the child care area. I'm looking at you parents who bring their underage kids to the Vegas! Or for those who can't get away because of their kids, there is an option for you here. The center is rather enclosed and they take some good precautions in making sure no one walks off with your kids.There's also a movie theater, for the movies you can't just pass on even while you're on vacation. Of course, there's a little arcade right outside. Aside from the buffet, they have a food court with a variety of food options. And if you're itching to spend your winnings, there's a Best Buy across the street.
4	Good Gambling. Now this is not on the strip and the Las Vegas residents I was with called this a "local" casino. Whatever it was it was OK by me. I'm not sure what the square footage was here but there was enough gaming to keep anyone happy. It was pretty hopping on the Saturday night that I was here.Easy garage parking, plenty of gaming, restaurants and bars.Enjoy!
4	Red Rock is a cool locals spot...wouldn't really recommend tourists to drive all the way out here.We come here from time to time for their movie theater, since they are usually clean and not packed to the brim.They also have some decent restaurants here.  Even their food court has a little bit of everything, including a Tropical Smoothie.I haven't gambled here for a little while, but last time the tables seemed reasonable.  Check it out if you are on this side of town!
1	BEWARE and stay away.*Beware: The extra fees and added charges add up big time. Resort fees, 18% mandatory gratuity on all purchases at poolside even for drinks ordered at the bar itself, wi-fi for a limited number of devices (2 per room) and charges after that, etc. etc.*Beware: Make sure you know what you bought.  If you bought a package make sure you know what you are supposed to get WHEN YOU CHECK IN.  Movie tickets, bowling coupons, meal credits among some of the items.  If you don't ask you might not get them at all.*Beware: they are not going to tell you that they are doing major construction to the pool area.  If you are looking at the fantastic pictures of the pool and are dreaming of a relaxing time there be prepared to listen to constant masonry grinding all day long.  Yes, all day.  The pool opens(ed) at 9:00 and the noise went until after 4:00.  The construction noises drowned out the overhead music and the fountain.*Beware: staff indifference and ignorance: The poolside hostess just shrugged her shoulders and said, 'oh, talk to the manager.'  The clerk at the front desk did not even know they have been working on the pool ALL WEEK.  No manager on duty ('in a staff meeting'.. conveniently.)  The Front desk clerk took my phone number and said the Manager (K******) would call me to discuss... did not.*Beware: Food credits (apparently) have many stipulations.  They cannot be aggregated by multiple rooms , cannot be used at certain restaurants, etc.This 'resort' has a LOT of work to do if they want to act like a real resort.  VERY disappointed, will not return.
2	You do NOT love locals! It's Tuesday and my friend and I drove 20 minutes to enjoy the pool and were denied. Extra disappointing because I came by last week and asked the security on that day if we were welcome without a room key. I was told it was based on availability so I came on what I thought was the least busy day. We would've spent money on food and drinks and now we're off to tell all our friends to take their bikini clad business elsewhere. Epic fail.
4	Room: 112 on the 16th floor was a very nice room with pool view & double queen beds with well placed accent/reading lights. The marble, dark paneled and leather wall papered bathroom also contained double sinks, a separate room for the toilet and separate shower and tub (w/ TV) plenty big enough for a 6 footer to relax. The main room wall mount TV was a very generous size and viewable from all seats. Only room cons - no coffee pot and no lounge chair (just desk & chair) and no plugs near the beds. Food: See my review of T Bones Chophouse, The Sandbar, the Grand Cafe, Yard House and Terra. Good service everywhere! There's also a 2 Starbucks and a lot of food court options in additional many bars. Pool: They close at 6pm (apparently a Vegas commonality - Caesars Palace closes at 7). Lots of different pools to enjoy. A two lane lap pool off the gym area. When it gets windy though you have to leave - the umbrellas and lounges blow all over the place - even into the water! Food and beverage service. Gym: The gym / spa complex is amazing - my favourite part of the hotel. Lots of cardio machines of different types (recumbant bikes, tredmils, elipticals and bikes) but a good weight area too with 2 benches & dumbbells, leg machines, a cable machine & 2 back machines as well. By the gym is the spa & hair salon, access to the outdoor lap pool, & locker rooms. By the lockers there is a nice quiet area where people can relax on couches - hidden, but one of the few quiet areas in the hotel (there's even music playing in the hotel lifts). In the locker room there are massive showers (read: 12 of me could fit in them), shaving supplies, a steam room - wet & dry - & two 3.5' deep hot tubs. Each locker has a robe & water in it. Fruit also available in seating area with TV. Spa / gym con - it closes at 7pm. You have to go outside from gym then back inside to get to locker rooms. Service: The concierge Casey was very nice. I recommend giving him a call for any needs or recommendations - even prior to arrival. I could usually find him by the phone from 7a(PDT)/10a(ET) - 9p(PDT)/12a(ET)Parking: Free - easy. Valet (which was never full) or self-park. You can self park by a specific restaurant or by casino or in garage by hotel. Cons: The hotel runs a shuttle to the strip (Fashion Show Mall) & the airport, but at very inconvenient times/intervals. It doesn't start until 11:10am. A cab ranges from $55- $85 depending on the route they take you. A car service arranged through the hotel would be $75 inclusive of gratuity each way (e.g., from Red Rock to Mandalay Bay). This must be taken into consideration because tour companies will not pick up from this hotel. A lot of the tour companies offer before noon tours at discounts with early morning starts (7:40am) and will only pick up from 5mi around the Strip. Since the Red Rock shuttle isn't running yet I would have had to add around $75 to my trip cost estimate to figure in getting to a hotel where the tour company would pick me up. At other times I would have also had to leave the strip earlier than desired to catch the last shuttle back. To avoid these problems I ended up renting a car. (The hotel offers on site rental cars if you only need one for one day & not the entire length of your trip but their daily rates were higher than I could get out of the airport - a airport rental for 5 days was equal to the price a 2 day rental out of the hotel would have been). See the hotel shuttle schedule below. Note this will also impact late night dinner/drinking outings and concert attendance, etc... RR to airport: 5a, 7a, 9a, 11a, 1p, 3p, 5p, 7pAirport to RR: 6a, 8a, 19a, 12p, 2p, 4p, 6p, 8p, 9pRR to Strip (Fashion Show Mall): 11:10am, 1:10p, 3:10p, 5:10p, 7:10p, 9:10pStrip to RR: 11:40a, 1:40p, 3:40p, 5:40p, 7:40p, 9:40p & last at 10pmOverall impression: I really liked this very nice property. Everyone was friendly and helpful and the food was all good no matter where I went. My only cons have to do with things closing too early (the business center too). It's a n all highway very fast drive of I the strip - 20-30min. I never encountered traffic.
2	I've stayed at almost every hotel on the strip and this place does not compare at all!  Pros: quiet room, nice pool area, clean, good security.Cons: Where to start? Extra 20 minute drive from the strip.  Then had to wait 1 1/2 hours to check in to my reserved room.  When I asked to see a manager, I was told they would call him over.  He never showed up!  Then I asked again and was told he was busy.  Desk person had a horrible attitude and refused to upgrade or reduce the price of the room due to having to wait.  I was told that a reservation did not mean we could check in on time.  She did offer to let us go to the pool area to wait......100 degrees and we are in regular clothes?  How thoughtful! We finally get our room and they gave us a room with two twin beds when I booked a room with a queen bed?  Pool security goes through your bags prior to entering the pool area.........why?  You can't bring any food or drinks either or the goons confiscate it.  Again, no reasonable explanation given.  Oh, and the pool/spa area closes at 7 PM and you promptly get run out.  Why?  7 PM, isn't that when you want to relax in a jacuzzi?  Simply ABSURD!!!!!  The buffet is about the same caliber as "HomeTown Buffet" nothing close to meeting the standards of a 4 diamond hotel on the strip.       Stay away from this place.
2	The good:  Hotel itself is great.  Room had a nice tub and shower, dual sinks, large flat screen. There is a smaller tv screen by the tub, which was great as I did an epsom salt bath after hiking in Zion.  The casino is connected to many restaurants, including Yard House, and also has a bowling alley, arcade, movie theater.  The pool is also very nice with one large main pool and many smaller ones.  Feast buffet is large, but average food (can't expect much from paying 8.99)The not-so-good:- Located on the western edge of town, 30-minute drive from the strip.  Shuttles are offered to the Fashion Mall, but the last ride back is at 10pm. - The girl who checked us in was cordial, but very robotic and dead in the eyes.  - I had just come from 3 days of camping in Zion, so I went straight to the showers.  The strength of the water was very weak and I also noticed that the water was not draining. To prevent flooding, I jumped out and called the desk to either change rooms or have maintenance come fix it.  - I checked the billing account before checkout and noticed 3 charges from the minibar that we did not utilize.  The minibar tender came up and stated that there have been problems with the computers.  After a few exchanges with the desk and the tender, we finally got the charges reversed.  Turns out that the housekeeper did not restock the missing items taken by the previous occupants, which relayed the charges to my account. - I checked out at the front desk with Assistant Manager Kirsten J., stated my dissatisfaction with the stay, and asked her to waive the resort fee.  She said no.  I asked if I could receive some sort of credit.  She said no.  I felt that she was trying to finish the transaction as fast as she could to avoid listening to my concerns.  One flat apology and a business card is all I got. I had high hopes for this hotel.  The amenities are great, but the hiccups in my stay and lack of service from the assistant manager left an unsavory impression.
3	Awesome casino to go hang out. Sweet bowling alley, nice theatres, and a pretty awesome food court with great choices. Would give more stars to this place if it actually had a night life scene and didn't cost $170 a night to stay at.....really? Would rather spend $29 more and stay at the Wynn.....on the strip! But if you're looking to go to a great casino this place is great! The pool is also exceptionally nice but I would recommend staying somewhere else on the strip if you're looking to stay the night.
3	Lets talk about the buffet. It used to be terrific.  The salad bar is ok. I  like their chinese spare ribs but they are gone;e  No decent meat or fish. Chickin was ok. Veggies are Ok. Pasta is OK.Desserts are ok, except that their ice cream lacks much taste. Getting seated is a very slow process.  So many enpty tables, and you wait such a long time. My memory said that this was once a quality buffet. It is Ok, when you use a two fer..
4	Where to start, I spend a lot of time at Red Rock because my day job is playing Poker Semi-Professionally. People ask me all the time where I play and why. I do enjoy playing all around town, I look for places with a lot of game choices, decent action and I love the Bad-Beat jackpots (although I've never hit one).  Red Rock has all of these, you can get a good game with good action any day of the week. It just so happens to also be close to where I live. I also like to mess around on the slots a little when I'm bored, tired of poker or just looking for a free drink. I've noticed the slots can run hot & cold. They also seem to run hot in sections together. There are days where no one is hitting anything and other days where everyone seems to be winning. My suggestion is if you & no one around you is winning play low limit and just take it easy. But if your machine is giving your money back almost every hand and people around you are winning, up the limit and go for broke!! The Sushi Restaurant Hachi is pretty good but doesn't open till 5 and happy hour is only drinks. Wish they had a patio too. But T-Bones has a great patio and a great happy hour as well. Sports book is one of the best in town, if you like to bet on sports this is the place. Unless of course you bet on UFC, because the Fertitta's own the Stations Casinos and the UFC you'll have to place your bet somewhere else. But you can always still watch the fights here for about $10.
4	Nice off-the-Strip casino that does not smell heavily of smoke. The casino is equipped with many food court choices, great theater and the cleanest bowling alley ever.
2	Not a good experience. No TV in room and spent 3 hours with engineers trying to get it fixed. No luck. Next day they said cable co. would be out to fix it. Spent another two hours with engineers.  Finally fixed at 10pm. So no TV for almost our whole stay and hotel refused to move us to another room. Said best they could do is give us 30 dollars food credit. Then to make things worse we went to use the pool and it was closed for a private party. What a disaster. Place is way to expensive to be treated like that.
3	I am just not a huge fan of this place. I really don't like any of the restaurants except for the Fatburger in the food court. The movies are actually decent and close to home. The bowling alley is good but usually packed. They do have great deals on beer pitchers while bowling.The big turn off for me is the way they treat the people gambling. They never remember their names and act like they are working at the Wynn. No reason to act like a bunch of stuck ups. When I am playing good money at the tables, I want them to at least remember my name. I get treated like a queen at the Rampart. They actually act like they want my business. I will continue to go there versus Red Rock.
5	Red Rock Salon. I just moved to Vegas and tried a few Salons but was not thrilled. i decided to give Red Rock Salon a try and was glad I did. Michael gave me the best Haircut and Color I have ever gotten. He was on time, professional, knowledgeable and seemed to love his job. The Salon was clean and beautiful. I can't wait to try the Spa next!
5	Very well put together, very organized, and the atmosphere is very nice (:.
5	This place is titz!
5	- Both Red Rock and Green Valley (same owners, under Station Casinos) are really nice but Red Rock has the edge since it's in Summerlin so closer to me.  As a bonus it's across from Costco.- Regal Cinemas and bowling, so family friendly.
3	Red Rock is one of the nicer local casino's in the valley although I do have a couple of comments to make in regards to customer service. On a busy night it is almost impossible to get a drink in a timely fashion. I waited almost 1 hour last week for a simple vodka/cranberry. The other issue I have is that they do not offer enough low limit tables on the weekends. They only had one $10 blackjack table going a few weeks ago. All of the other tables were $15,20, 25, 50, 100 hand tables.
1	Arrived at hotel and went to Lucky Bar to play video poker and have a drink, put $5.00 in machine and was told by bartender that I had to play at least $20!!!! I replied I thought I was in las Vegas ? Ordered kettle one, was told they did not have kettle one, belvedere was the comp vodka! Actually ended up playing and paying $100 for a drink I didn't even want because of a cross eyed bartender with a attitude! Later that night went to another bar to play video poker and asked if they had kettle one? The bartender said yes! I told him I was told at lucky bar they did not carry it at that hotel, he replied that some bars in the hotel don't comp it!! So, what is the truth? Never in 35 years have I had so much trouble getting a drink in Vegas ! The room was nice and clean. Heard nothing but great things about this resort, went for my birthday and was seriously disappointed! Staff was unfriendly, no customer service. The best thing was the Yard House restaurant and I can eat there at home!!!! Will not return!
4	This hotel has everything I could ask for,but I am a little older so factor that in. Off the strip several miles so if that's your scene, read no further, it's probably not for you. If you seek a great property with reasonable gaming limits, great pool, and good restaurants, you've found it. Rooms are well above average in amenities,casino small but big enough, and Station casinos staff always make you feel welcome. Check their website if you want to know more,but for me this is the perfect weekend getaway spot.
5	I love this casino very close to my house. Always go there for the movie theater and bowling. Great places to eat at!
1	besides the fact that this hotel was like 30 minutes from the strip, the staff was rude and mean.they kicked us out at 5 AM over "some girl passed out in the casino" who was NOT part of our party. They came into our rotom and woke up my friends, who were clearly quietly knocked out and forced them to eleave.one word: RUDE!
4	On an mission from Jen. Ended up going to the Movies.
5	I definitely enjoyed my first visit here. I did not stay in the hotel but had dinner here twice and gambled. Next time I plan on staying here.
4	My favorite station casino, although they could offer even more for locals
4	It is a casino after all but away from the strip, SW of las vegas. If you do want to get away from the strip this is one of the place, a bit pricey but I usually go here to watch a movie or cash my check which you can get some cool prizes. It is a station casino so you can get the rewards card, for a first timer you can win slot plays so wish you win. Parking is great, South and North parking lots.
5	Red Rock has is my favorite local casino because of its quality Regal movie theatre, modern bowling alley, great restaurants (casual & classy), busy poker room, and the circle bar inside the table games (classy, open design).  It's one of the newest local casinos, and since it is off the strip, it's more chillax!
5	Amazing visit to a out-of-strip resort. Having a VIP uncle that comped absolutely everything only sweetened the deal.Anyways, will try to keep this unbiased as possible:Impression: Very nice property for being so far out of the strip. Definitely quieter, but no less packed actually (at least when we visited). Room: Fairly basic, but clean and tasteful. Shower drain a bit slow, but accompaniments are nice. No "lingering smoke" or off-odors, which is expected for a new property. Comfortable bed (the most important part).Casino: Fairly clean and smoke-free in certain areas -- especially for a "local's casino". Selection of games great. I don't play table games though, so no idea there. As always, if you expect to come out of a casino with more money than you came in with, you're out of your mind. Amenities: Very nice. Outstanding pool area. Abundant stores, Starbucks, nice decor. Great landscaping, etc. Giant-sized bowling alley (but I suck at bowling, lol). Big cimena (that we totally didn't have time to go to; touring 12 casinos a day and snapping multiple CF's worth of photos doesn't give you a lot of time for anything else).Restaurants: It was nice skipping the buffet and having comped meals at all the expensive places. Really, it was nice :)- Italian: Yay REAL PARAMIGIANO REGGIANO! (got a massive amount of that to take home). Great pasta dishes. The crab special is wonderful.- Japanese (Hachi): Really good food overall (prime ny strip, lobster dishes, uni, etc). I have to particularly emphasize their ramen -- it's near impossible to get a good bowl of real japanese ramen (the non-instant stuff) back in Houston, and I have to make a note of theirs. Inexpensive too (the ramen, not the overpriced lobster dishes). Overall, a truly compelling alternative to the Strip. Even better if you have a ride (rental car, or better yet, friends in LV). That was an unforgettable trip.
3	Close to home, nice drinks, movie theater, bowling alley, decent food choices and a cool setup. My fist choice casino for movies, bowling and hanging out. I do miss the restaurant Cabo though; that place was the bomb. It's because of there being no more Cabo that I give Red Rock 3 stars instead of 4.
1	Do not go to Red Rock...staff there gave my room away and refused to get me another room when I arrived late after telling them I would arrive late.  I paid for two nights and they took my $ (with Groupon getaway).  Then they would not give my money back or give me a room for the 2nd night after I arrived and told them I was arriving on 2nd night.  Red Rock and Groupon are unethical businesses.  Go to another hotel and Do Not use Groupon Getaway deals...buyer beware....jack in San Diego.  E
5	We just loved this place and would come back again...and again...and...Our first time in Vegas since 1996 and we chose this hotel via recommendations from a friend and a web site that provides information about family-friendly hotels in Las Vegas.  The ambiance, warm and friendly greeting at the door, helpful front desk personnel, a friendly and helpful bell hop, and a spacious room were what awaited us at check in.  Then we got to see the casino, food court, restaurants, and the back yard, and we knew we were in for a treat.  After breakfast on the following day, we bowled 3 games in the 60-lane, on-site, computerized scoring bowling alley before heading out to the back yard and one of the largest swimming pools we have ever seen.  After spending a couple of hours there, we had a nice dinner at The Feast buffet and then retired for the night.  Oh yeah, we played a little in their casino as well and had a wonderful time. Our workout in their fitness center the following morning was great.  We would definitely come back for another stay and would recommend this hotel to all of our family and friends especially those with children because this is definitely a hotel for families.
2	we decided to go to vegas with the kids and hit the red rock! unfortuanately, the food was terrible. we ate the hachi one night and LBS another, both times we found hair in the food. the food court ended up the best. wifi was terrible!!!...the pool was great and we used the hard cabanas which were great. but the food was less than good and the casino with poor ventilation. no where to go with kids other than bowling and only one movie that was PG...so not optimal with younger children. we did get a suite with connecting room and it was large and comfortable. but that doesn't make up for the terrible food.
1	Terrible service. Good rooms and convenient but continually screw up guaranteed reservations, even when you verify them earlier in the same day.Management ignores complaints.On a previous trip, my wife had a broken arm in a bright red cast, she had to unload her own bags because there were no bellhops in the valet parking even though she was the only guest parked in valet. There were a number of valets hanging around, but no assistance other than taking the car.After finally talking to management, they want us to pay for upgrade to a suite be ause they messed up our reservations on e again.
3	The rooms are great. The pool area is nice. My only complaint is a very high resort fee. Almost $28. I wanted to splurge a little and stay at a nice place but the fee made it not worth it.
5	Had a staycation here last weekend and LOVED it! Staff are helpful and friendly, suites are spacious and upscale, casino doesn't rob you QUITE as much as Strip casinos do, and valet parking makes me feel good about leaving my vehicle. We had a comp stay this time, but will definitely pay regular rates to go back.T-Bones Steakhouse is AMAZING! If you stay at RR, don't miss out on this restaurant... the Steakhouse Salad will be stuck on my taste buds until next time...and I'm hoping "next time" will be in the next week!
2	I'm from Vegas, so pardon me if I am not as excited about this place as a tourist would be.  First, the place is nowhere near the strip, yet they charge a "resort fee"...  really?  Who are they kidding.  They are a neighborhood casino.  Charging it is one thing, but when you book telephonically, they should TELL you about this.  Next, they charge a huge deposit on your credit card that isn't refunded for days  after your stay.  This is in case you use items in the "mini bar"....which isn't--it's pepsis in your fridge at four dollars a pop.  Of course, because you have this, you have no fridge.  If you call down to get one that is "available" according to the info in the room, they let you know this will be $15 a night.  I am not paying $15 per night for something found in every Motel 6.  There is also no microwave available.With the prices that they charge for these rooms, you'd think you would get at least four towels.  Most women like to use a towel for their hair and one for their bodies, right?  Nope.  You get two towels.  When we arrived, there were no robes, though there were notes letting us know if the robes were missing we'd be charged.  Now, if we never had them....  but I digress.The pool closes at 8, it's Las Vegas and it's 112 at 3 am, but you can't swim.  The eggs benedict from room service had zero flavor, and a chunk of ham that was dinner sized--way overwhelming the rest of the dish.  The english muffin portion was soggy wet.  I've never had worst eggs benedict.  Registration is in the oddest spot, nearly in a basement behind a bar.  It took me forever to find it.This hotel doesn't fit any of the things it is trying to be --if it is a neighborhood casino/hotel, it should be inexpensive dining and stay for friends, but it is outrageous.  If it is a "resort" it should have amazing service, food and amenities, but it doesn't.  It is simply awkward.
4	Just got back from our vacation at Red Rock Resort.  We have a toddler, so first priority in our mind is will it be fun for both adults and the kiddo?  Glad to say that we all had a great time here.  We chose this hotel based on the recommendation of friends with kids, and because they have the Kids Quest daycare on-site.  We never once used the daycare (we stayed in the pool the whole time).  We did go in and look at it though, it looked like a fun place for the kids.  I was only in there briefly, but from what I saw, there were a lot of kids running around and entertaining themselves (a lot of kids were playing in small groups - I guessed they must have been siblings or otherwise known each other).  I didn't see a lot of adult-led activities.  I only saw the room for the bigger kids, I didn't go in the toddler room, which is a separate room at the back of the playarea.  The prices and the hours for the Kids Quest were very reasonable.The pool was the place to be!  The big pool has a very shallow wade in area, perfect for our little guy.  It was shallow enough that he felt confident walking in on his own and didn't need to be held.  There were tons and tons of kids in the big pool, with lots of splashing and lots of jumping in from the sides and the central fountain.  But if you go back a little ways to one of the adjacent, smaller pools, there weren't too many kids in them or too much noise.  So I think even if you aren't traveling with kids you can find a spot to relax.We stayed in a regular room, not a suite or anything, and it was plenty big to accomodate a king-sized bed, a seating area, and our pack-n-play.  We also enjoyed the modern decor.  In fact, the whole hotel is really nice.  I am a Facilities Manager; I have a habit that annoys the crap out of my husband of noticing every spot on the carpet, every smudge on the walls, and every burned out lightbulb in a lit sign.  It's my job to notice those details.  I hate staying somewhere where the property is not being properly maintained (hello Flamingo, I'm looking at you!).  I understand that Red Rock has been open for a few years, but in my opinion it looks almost brand new.  I had no problems letting my toddler play on the floor, for instance, because I felt that the carpets were plenty clean.We enjoyed meals at the Feast (buffet), the Grand Cafe, and Tbones Steakhouse.  We also enjoyed drinks at the Lucky Bar.  The service at each of these venues was not only top-notch but really friendly.  We particularly liked the steakhouse.  Our steaks were cooked perfectly to order, and the service was really attentive.The service at the pool left something to be desired.  There is an automatic 18% gratuity on everything in the pool area, even if you go to the bar and order yourself (that includes food that you go and order and then you return and pick up at the bar).  The girls working at the pool are a little younger than the average cocktail waitress (maybe 18 as opposed to 25) and have to wear 1/2 cut or 3/4 cut bottoms with their butts hanging out, and deal with gross old fat married guys staring at them all day long, and screaming kids, as they walk around in 100+ degree heat.  It isn't Rehab, they aren't looking at hard bodies all day.  Between all of that and a guaranteed gratuity, I can kind of understand why they acted bored most of the time.  But really, who cares?  You're at the pool and you're on vacation!
4	I'm a Las Vegas local, and when I do stay here at a hotel I tend to stray far from The Strip.  My choice?  Red Rock Casino Resort!  Overall it's a pretty good place to stay.Red Rock has a very modern vibe to it, nice dark colors, lots of wood, marble, and very clean lines.  I like myself some clean lines!  It really does seem more into the present than other resorts around town that feel dated (I'm lookin' at you Palace Station).  The Red Rock stays very busy especially in the evenings, I suspect partially because it is one of only a small handful of places to stay in the Summerlin area.  I'm no richy rich, but whenever I do get a deal for a stay at a Station Casinos property I usually pick Red Rock.  It pays to be a member of their card club y'all!  Even if you don't gamble much, get the player's card from Station Casinos.  I sometimes don't get to play more than $20-40 a month and I still get some OK deals.  But I think room deals are the biggest perk.  Not only can you get a great deal on a nightly room, but with the player's card you can get other bonuses like half off the resort fee.  Any way to save a buck works for me.  Our recent stay at the Red Rock only cost me about $160 bucks total for a 2-nighter!  Not too shabby at all.  Sure beats what you can pay for a room on The Strip.  Staying at Red Rock has a lot of amenities.  I fully take advantage of the free gym since it's got a nice selection of machines and weights.  And free water!  Gotta have that for these hot Vegas days.  The pool is pretty phenomenal as well.  And always busy!  I go to the gym, then hit the pool.  Too many good lookin' people be there gettin' their game on!  I don't like going there without doing a bunch of bench presses & squats in the wee morn first.  Suckin' in the gut only helps so much!Need to do some shopping?  Red Rock has a shuttle that runs daily to The Fashion Show Mall on The Strip!  Free with your stay!  Take advantage and get those Christian Louboutin's you've been waiting for!  Or if you're a dude, the latest copy of Call of Duty.My lady loves the spa in Red Rock, it is pretty classy.  Very nice and clean.  I'll sometimes treat her to a pedicure and manicure.  Prices are very reasonable, if you're a Las Vegas local you get 20% off everyday!  Stellar.  Going on date night?  Red Rock not only offers you nice rooms, but some darn good eating as well.  Need something casual?  Hit up happy hour at the Yard House from 3-6 PM daily.  Need something more intimate?  Rock your stylin' duds and hit up either Hachi for some modern Japanese cuisine, or T-bones for a super steak and some wine.  Feelin' like something quick?  Hoof it on down to the Feast Buffet, LBS for a burger, or the new Pink's Hot Dogs for a meal.  Lots of choices without leaving!  Did I mention in a previous review that only the Red Rock Feast Buffet often serves OXTAIL??  I might have.  Red Rock doubles up as a family resort as well.  Got kids?  Red Rock has you covered!  For movies go to the Regal Cinemas 16.  For bowling hit up the Red Rock Lanes Bowling Center right next door.  There's an arcade too!  No need to get bored.  Don't want to take the kids to a stuffy restaurant?  Red Rock has it's own food court!  Fill them up with Rubio's, Capriotti's, Villa Pizza, Fatburger, or Panda Express.  Don't worry about your morning coffee either!  Red Rock has 2 (yes 2) Starbucks in the resort so you don't have to go anywhere.  There's also a Tropical Smoothie.The family and I usually have a great time at Red Rock Resort.  It's a great getaway for those that can only afford a 'staycation', or for those who just want a few nights out.  This is a great place to stay, and would still be a great place to stay if gambling wasn't part of the mix.  Lots of things to do, and lots of places to see.  If you're cheap, but don't want to seem that way, stay at Red Rock Casino Resort, that's what I say!  But I'm not cheap, I'm frugal!  OK, fine, I'm cheap.
2	So had to go here for business- pros: They have large areas for many people to meet in. Cons: First off I have allergies to cleaning products - the carpet smells like bleach throughout the halls and rooms! I heard other guest walking the hallways complaining of this as well. I had allergic reactions the whole stay here! The food (SUCKS!) The casino itself is so depressing! They do have a Cinema complex (helped hide me from the casino sadness!) I would go here only for the space, never ever for anything else!
5	Love the poker room.  The hotel setup is amazing.  Love the options to do non gaming things such as bowling, movies, and Yard House.  Easily my favorite casino/resort in town.
4	I spend a lot of my free time at this casino because its 5 min from my house in summerlin. Red rock is probably the nicest local casino in town. Great restaurants and a cool place to hang out.
5	Clean, Classy and Lucky!!Ate at their Sushi restaurant and it was amazing! This was the 1st time I tried this place in the many years I've visited Vegas and I would definitely go back!!
4	Hubby and I decided to waste some time and play some slots until our next appointment.  I have not stayed at this hotel so I don't know what the rooms are like and I also have not eaten at any of the restaurants here.  Hotel was pretty and it served its purpose for us to stay out of the heat.
5	I love Red Rock!  It is such an awesome casino!We frequent Red Rock often because it is close to us as well as being just a great place.  This casino has everything you could want all in one place.  They have a ton of restaurants, from food court options to steakhouses and everything in-between.  If you can't find something to eat here, you must not like food at all.  I think the highlights in the food arena would be the Capriotti's, LBS Burger, Yard House, and T-Bones.  I have eaten at even more places and have always enjoyed the meal, but these few really are extra tasty.Red Rock also has fun, non-gaming, family things to do as well.  There is a great movie theater that show regular movies and 3D ones as well.  They have a huge bowling alley with a great snack bar with awesome cheese fries, because that is the most important part of a bowling alley in my book.  The spa here is also lovely.  It is beautiful and lovely and oh so relaxing.  Ahhhhhhh.On top of family things, they have adult venues as well.  The club-like place, Cherry, is  a fun place to hang out and party without the craziness of the clubs on the Strip.  They also have a big venue for outdoor concerts.  It isn't huge like Sam Boyd, but big enough to get great bands.  I have been to a couple concerts here and have always enjoyed the experience.  The hotel side is great as well.  We have done staycations here and never want to go home at the end of our stay.  The rooms are beautifully decorated and very modern.  They have huge tubs with a tv in the bathroom, so you can relax in bubbles and watch some great tv.  The pool for the hotel is a fun place hang out and enjoy a cocktail.I love Red Rock and you will too, if you go check it out!
3	Beautiful resort for families but they need to expand their arcade gaming area. It would make it more enjoyable for my teenagers. I've had couple of experiences with my family, along with other family friends at this resort and at both times, our group of teens would get bored so fast at Red Rocks tiny arcade area that we had to drive our kids/teens all the way to the strip so they can hangout at New York casino and Excalibur casino. Now our group of children have requested to stay at the strip instead of Red Rock  :(
1	This review is only  on the customer service on reservation cancellations and management communications.Canceled a reservation for my boss and apparently they do not have the standard 48 hour requirement.  Theirs is 72 hours.  We were penalized one night's stay.  Fine.  Tried to retrieve the invoice for the charge to complete an expense report and apparently this request is brain surgery.  I called and was connected to reservations and they sent me an invoice alright, for a charge for two room nights?  Not only that but the document was quite official which was impressive but the charge was for the base room price, no tax or any additional resort fees which tells me that it was a manually and carelessly generated invoice.  That was day one.Called again and the reservations representative apologized and mentioned he would look into it and there went day two with no return call or follow through.  Before the end of my day which is 3pm, i called the hotel and asked to speak to a manager.  Until today, day three... no call back.As mentioned, it's now day three.  I called the hotel myself and stayed on the phone until i got an actual manager on the phone.  Then she transferred me to accounts payable at which by this time I had repeated my story to THREE different people.  ANNOYING.FINALLY, Amelia Carr from Accounts Payable took the time to make sure I got what I needed.  REALLY???  three days for an invoice???  SHOOT ME NOW.
4	To me, this is the best casino in Summerlin. The smell of cigarette smoke isn't as strong here as the other casinos. Ultra clean and convenient too, as it is right between home and the office (within 5 minutes). I'm here almost every day. Rubio's, Yardhouse, Starbucks, Regal Theater, Red Rock Lanes, nice sports book - what more do you need? Oh, and another bonus - I occasionally run into family and long-lost friends here.
1	Just checked in. From the outside, this is a beautiful looking facility.  The foyer is beautiful and looks great.  Bathrooms in the lobby were good, not as clean as most hotels, but it will do after a long drive.  Check In - Got ignored and had to wait about 5 minutes.  I thought maybe I got in the wrong line, as Stephanie, one of the manager did not indicate that she would come back to assist me.  Should have been my first clue.  Room - You know how you get that disclaimer about non smoking rooms and if you smoke, then you get fined, etc.  So 14th floor, room 150, it smells like smoke.  BIG TIME.  What can they do after a long drive and a group of over 10 plus rooms booked?  Send us to another floor or on the same floor without a view or move us out tomorrow night.  Really, after a long drive and just wanting to settle in, I have to do that all over again?? What a waste of time!!! Not really an option!!  Group Room Rate/Booking - The reason we are all here is for a family event, we all want to be on the same floor (which they failed to do) as 2 on 9th floor, 2 on the 12th floor, 4 on the 14th, etc.  Really???  Couldn't even get the request to be on the same floor. Second clue.  Mike our bell hop was great.  Tried to accommodate us and gave us suggestions.  Now that is a great employee who knows how to protect the company he works for.  Can't say the same for the front desk and Stephanie, the manager??  Maybe she needs to go back and get additional training.My brother's room, 14-148, although not smoky,  his air condition is not working.  It's a 109 degrees outside.I will continue to update this review as I have not had the opportunity to hit the pool just yet.  My sister loves this place. Not sure why.  It's like 40 minutes from the strip, and room rates are doubled in comparison to Mandalay Bay, MGM, just to name a few.
3	This resort is simply amazing to look at, but it isn't the best when it comes to service.... I liked the pool and the bowling alley is amazing as well. I would recommend it for families with children. Unless you plan to spend a lot of time at the casino.
3	Food was great! I have eaten here many times and always enjoy what I've ordered but like other reviews I've written it is the staff that knocks the stars down to keep the establishment from getting all five stars. Our waiter took 20 minutes to come get our drink order after we were seated and it wasn't busy at all. Once we received our drinks he took another 10 minutes to get our order. Finally after placing our order we noticed that we didn't get our complimentary bread basket and had to ask for it. We didn't get that over the top, knocked out of the park, spectacular service here so if you're okay with mediocre service with great food then this place is for you!
5	spend some good amount of time at this place, and very friendly people, and the customer service is very good.
4	Beautiful venue with lots of friendly employees.  The food service while attending a company meeting here was amazing and unusually good for a Casino hotel.Only things I did not like: the casino floor has a nasty reek of smoke smell.  Really really bad.Oh, and everywhere you go (with the exception of the convention center and your rooms) they blast music.  And I mean blast it....The parking lot, check.  They blast it.The casino floor, check.  They blast the tunes.The pool, yep, you guessed it.Elevators, check.Restrooms, check.I mean cmon man,  enough with the music already!
5	Goin to win mega bucks! my favorite hang out!
2	Recently had a disappointing visit in Vegas at the Red Rock.I have been here over a dozen times, and generally would have considered it one of my favorite getaways.  Some things have left a bad taste in my mouth in my last two visits.  Its off-strip, so a 30 minute drive to get to the "action" but that has never bothered me.  Its a little more staid and sedate, and mature and upscale, which I have found to be worth it.  Generally the food there is good, and the restaurants are quite nice.  The food court, bowling alley and movie theater make up for it not being on the strip.A couple observations from my two most recent trips this summer.1)  Comps - they are comping at a rate of about 1/2 to 1/3 what they were a couple years ago.  Its quite stunning.  What drew me here in the past was the less hectic location, with great promotions and generous comps.  The last two elements seem to be long gone.  In my two most recent trips this summer, I was stunned by the lack of generosity in the comps.   Example, one night, my wife and I play for an hour, at a very nice average bet.  Think _at least_ one green chip for each of us, and one of us mostly playing two hands.  That is the mathematical equivalent of one person playing 3 -5 hours at $25 a hand.  The next day we are going to lunch at the buffet, and I am told we don't have enough to get a $9 buffet, for both of us, in fact we don't have enough to get a $9 buffet for EITHER of us.  To be clear, we weren't staying there in a comped room this time, so its not like we came "owing" them casino play because of offers that enticed us to stay with them.  I understand "Theoretical" and the elements of comps, and have been comped at dozens of casinos (including this one) in the past.  It just seems like in my last two visits, the comps have become very lean and anemic.  Comps are a HUGE piece of where I choose to play.  I may continue to come here, and start gaming elsewhere, given the comp situation.  It just seems strange that they are now catering to slots players and seemingly leaving table players out in the cold.2)  The buffet continues to have a couple major flaws.  A)  The line is too long.  They let you get around that if you have a super high players card level, but to be honest, they need to have different lines for express.  You shouldn't need a "black card" to get expressed in the line.  For example, if you are a platinum level player you shouldn't have to wait 30 minutes to go to lunch at the buffet on a weekend.  So they should have one super VIP line, a VIP line, and a regular line.  Comps should be able to get a free line pass as well, which I think they may, I am not sure though.  This is fairly standard at most casinos.B)  The hand sanitizers usually are not working at the buffet.  This time, was a little different.  They usually have 5 sanitizers, of which only one or two is working.  This time they had 3 sanitizers, all of which were working.  EVERY AISLE of a dining room at a buffet should have a hand sanitizer at the entry point back from the buffet.  You shouldn't have to go looking for one.C)  The vegetables in general are waaay overcooked.  They tend to have pretty good vegetables, but they on the whole are waaaaay overcooked.  My Brussels Sprouts were mushy, for example.  3)  Ate at the Cafe on my prior trip a month ago, and was really disappointed with the quality of the food.  Had the oriental salad and the chicken fingers.  The salad was GREAT.  The Chicken Fingers were horrid.4)  I had a great experience at Tbones - see my review there.
1	The only star to give this place is because of the pool.When you have a large group of 60, this place was perfect because we were able to all have a lounge chair and not have to pay for a cabana.  There was a lot of room.  Otherwise, I wish you well in getting good customer service and a good room.  I think they will be out of business in a few years.
5	Great casino off the strip for locals. You don't have to deal with all of the tourists, like you have to on the strip. The Red Rock has my favorite sports book of all the casinos in Vegas. Nothing is better than NFL Sundays at the Red Rock. Doesn't get any better than that.The Red Rock has a great pool area and very nice rooms. They have luxury suites up top with amazing views of the valley. There are many restaurants to choose from when you get hungry. They have Lucile's, Yard House, T-Bones, LBS Burger, Feast Buffet, and a few more places. There is also a Food Court.There is also a Regal Cinema in the building and they also have a huge bowling alley. They even have a place to check young children in to where they can play while you are in the casino. I would never leave my kid there, but it is there if you want to.Great place over all!!
3	Hmmm.  Not so sure yet. i have a group of twenty people coming in and staying at RRC at a discounted rate, which is very competitive. Sometimes RRC rolls out the red carpet and sometimes they don't give a S*it.  I have a feeling this has to do with the disjointed affliation. I've had some very good service and experiences and some not so much.  Specifically, while not directly affiliated, THE SPA put a sour note on our weekend plans.  i decide to use JW Marriott's Spa.  JW was helpful, and actually.I know from experiencing both they ARE better.  The Spa is on its snooty high horse, assuming we cannot "afford" their service.  Shame on you; you have no idea about us... oh right that is why you are a receptionist, right? Too bad.  You really have NO idea!  You should not judge or you will be judged.I am sure to update after the group weekend...
3	The perfect hotel to stay in shape.  Not sure why but they only have one elevator bank instead of one on each end of the hallway.  This means that if your room is on the other end of the hallway you'll have to walk 10 minutes to and from your room.  This wasn't a problem for us but I can imagine this would be for older people with less strong set of legs.Room - goodWe stayed at their standard king bed room.  It was spacious, well appointed, well maintained and everything looks new.  The bathroom is large with separate tub and shower.  Bed was comfortable if a little soft for our liking.  Minor gripe: no outlet right next to the bed for us to plug and use our phonesCasino/restaurants/entertainment - goodThe casino is very nice and not too crowded.  They have good selection of restaurants and a food court.  There's also a bowling alley and a cinema.Price - goodPaid a block rate as part of a convention of $160/night including all taxes for Friday and Saturday night.  I believe this is a good rate.Location - poorOk, i'm not being fair here.  I know prior to coming here that the resort is 15 miles away from the strip.  The reason why I am rating this as poor is for people who have never been to Vegas and are considering coming here.  I want them to know exactly what they are getting.While the casino/restaurant is nice ultimately it doesn't compare to the selection that you get on the strip.  This becomes even more important if you are planning to go to see one of the shows there.  Driving isn't bad, it's about 20 minutes give or take, but then that limits your ability to drink while you are on the strip.Unless you are attending a convention or have friends who live nearby in Summerlin I recommend you stay on the strip.Overall, this is a good hotel.  I am just not sure I want to stay this far off the strip on future visits to Vegas
4	This hotel is outstanding for those who have been to the strip enough and just want to get away from it all but be close enough to the action! The rooms are modern and very hip! The casino is laid back and chill. I love it here when I am just not into the hustle and bustle of the strip for a weekend! Room service is outstanding and the chocolate covered strawberries are delicious!
1	Horrible service. May be the end of the pool season. Waited over an hour for a server after I had to ask one and didn't even get a server to come to our section. Then had to go back to the bar and order my food pay 18% gratuity then go pick my food and walk it across the pool. Very unprofessional service. Even staying at the resort. Not a place to enjoy your day off.
3	Was here on a business retreat and conference for 3 nights. Let me first say that the place is beautiful and the pool area is stunning.The rooms:  The room i had was fantastic though a little pricey. got a discounted rate due to the conference and it was still over $500.00 for 3 nights. The hallways are about a mile long and there is only an elevator at one end. Unfortunately i was at the other end. The walk is too long .The food:  The buffets they put out for breakfast and dinner are really nice and light fare. Plenty of it and the staff was really nice.Grand Cafe was awesome and the portions huge. Price was very reasonable. I highly recommend.Lbs Burger Joint: The food was very good and price was reasonable. The decor is a little strange and the booths are uncomfortable. Really hard to get out of.The casino: VERY loose slots... a big plus as i actually made some money. Great selection of games and lots of people. TIP... get the rewards card before you play as it will give you up to $500.00 in free play.The bars: Drinks are small and pricey. The wait can also be long as there is usually oinly 2 people working. Cherry Night Club was awesome and has a fantastic DJ. They also had a Cher impersonator as the entertainer. She was awesome and did her own singing. She does Cher proud.Biggest Negative: The line at the front desk is ridiculous and they need more people on shift. It seems to take forever to get checked in. All in all I would go for the food and gambling but not stay due to the prices.
1	I loved so many things about the hotel, but it started off on the wrong foot. We arrived at 12:30 and they gave us a pass to use the pool, nice, came back at 4pm, our room was not ready, we told them that we needed the room soon because we were hosting a family reunion and needed to get the gift bags and a special dinner ready for that evening. They offered us a room, the furthest from the elevators or facing away from the pool, we asked if they could speed up housekeeping and we'll keep the pool view room, we came back at 5, still not ready, 5:30 we are panicking, we'll take anything, we have so much to do. we suggested a room to change in and then move into our room later. they finally agreed. now we are running around. it sucked big time. I wouldn't have cared it we didn't have the dinner to get organized, and when you have 30 people depending on you it can be very stressful and this delay did not help. There was no follow or any apology for the inconvenience. The front desk ran their operation like the palace station not a 4 star resort. We loved the pool, spa, restaurants, quiet rooms. Hopefully, you will have better luck or not care if you get into your room late.
4	Time for a review update since it's been almost 3 yrs since my last review.  This place has dropped a Star for me.  Don't get me wrong, it's still a great place.  However, they haven't kept the place as clean as it was 3 yrs ago.  The casino has also lost the "excitement"....when you walk through there on a weekday night it's slow and dreary.The restaurants are still solid though.  We ate at Terra Rossa this past visit.Overall, this place lacks the energy it once had.  I hope it doesn't continue to decline.Return Factor - 90%
4	There is 1 other Station Casino close to my house, but I prefer to visit here.  The casino floor is clean and has attentive wait staff.  The restaurants are all quality.  Happy to see Lucille's Smokehouse Bar-B-Que as the most recent addition to the restaurant line up here.  Will be back soon to try it out.  The Feast Buffet however could use some fresh food item ideas.  The price is right, but even so it is not something i would race out to try.  If here any of the other restaurants would be a better choice.  This is also the place I go to for my movies!  They have a beautiful multiplex here.  Of course the movie food still is overpriced, but the screens and sound are pleasant.
5	Here we go- this is by far my favorite place to go to relax. Yes it is Vegas but the serene dessert will really relax you and you get the best of both worlds with the nightlife.At the Spa I got a massage, a scrub a facial and lunch. All totally and completly worth it. I came here on a double date weekend with my sister and her husband and the girls were able to get pampered while the guys went out. Everyone just love it. Make it out here at least once a year and treat yourself!
4	The cons to Red Rock Casino are what make the pros to it as well. It's FAR from most areas in Vegas, especially if you're in Southern Highlands or Henderson. But it's worth it and that's why it's so good.  You can start off your day by taking an early morning hike at nearby Rock Rock park west of the Resort. Then finish off your day with either a spa and a few cocktails at Cherry indie Red Rock Casino or maybe go for a few games of bowling/movie. There's plenty of shopping nearby and tons of restaurants.
5	I love coming here to cash my paychecks! Free drink plus a spin to win more! I look forward to my free drink every payday!
5	One thing for sure is Red Rock knows how to take care of their guests. Spa treatment is great and the staff are fun. I appreciate having a fun but relaxing time and then taking a relaxing drive out to Red Rock Park and enjoy the loop as the suns coming down.
4	Nice place. Far from the strip, which is a plus in my opinion. They do have shuttle service that will bring you to and from the strip at no charge. The hotel and casino is clean and modern. The room was great minus the tv reception, which was scrambled and fuzzy. The ice machine on my floor was not working, but they fixed it rather quickly. There was a sound coming from the plumbing in the bathroom that was annoying though, which is why I can't give a 5 star rating. Over all a great place that I would definitely go back to!
3	We visited the hotel on October 18-20, 2013 and found it loaded with amenities. Beautiful view from the windows, a marble bathroom area that is larger than some hotel rooms, and great service all the way from the valet parking, bellmen, front desk and concierge staff. The rooms have instant hot water at the faucets, which is nice, but I suspect that plumbing arrangement may be responsible for the incredibly difficult-to-regulate water temperature in the shower. The best food we had was breakfast in the Grand Cafe, where the service was excellent too. Catered food at the conference center was just OK, though. Smoke was the biggest issue for us. It seems necessary to go through the casino to reach the bowling alley, movie theater or the many restaurants, and the smell of smoke there is quite dense. We didn't go there for the casino but with it being the first item on the list of ingredients it's the central attraction. The pluses certainly outweighed the minuses, and it's a beautiful venue. It doesn't have the noise and excitement of The Strip and that's fine for us.
3	Mostly good, but the pool experience was a return visit breaker.  My wife and I spent two nights there in late October - the weather was just about perfect, low 80's and dry, almost windless.  We like to play at the casino, but we also like to lounge by the pool.  The pool, honestly, doesn't suck, but there's a lot wrong with it. THE MAIN COMPLAINT:  They put all the adjustable lounge chairs in storage because it's almost time for the pool to close for the winter.  That left the guests with a limited supply of fixed lounges with an S-shape that made it nice to lie on your back, but difficult to read, eat, or lie on your stomach.  Half of them are actually in the pool, which is nice when it's 110 degrees, not so useful when it's 80.  Oh, wait, there were a lot of really nice adjustable lounges behind the velvet rope in the cabana area, which were 100% unused!  Nobody rented a cabana either day because at this time of the year, due to the proximity of the cabanas to the hotel tower, the sun didn't reach them until 3:00 PM!  Nice.  THE SECONDARY COMPLAINT:  not a huge problem, but there was a functional bar and grill at the pool but no poolside service.  The pool was actually pretty packed with guests, but you had to go to the bar, order, and wait if you wanted a drink or presumably something to eat.  I didn't see anybody ordering food there, I didn't see a menu.  They could have moved a lot of product if they just had a waitperson or two.  Bartender seemed to have kind of an attitude, just not bartender-friendly.  I ordered a margarita for my wife, and he tacked on an 18% gratuity so I didn't have to figure out how much to tip him.  I don't mind that practice so much if it's a hot day and they're bringing drinks to me in my adjustable lounge chair, and if the crowd looks like they're cheap, but none of those conditions was present.  One of the two jacuzzis was kind of broken in that the jets only created bubbles, giving the illusion of hydrotherapy, the other was working fine.  The towels were nice, and there was no rigid dispense and return policy.  There were really no rules at all.  There were a couple of lifeguards who were generally not in their assigned chairs, even though there were a lot of small children in the water.  This bothered me a little. All the other positive reviews saying how great the rooms were, the view, the fitness center, and the restaurants, were right on.
5	I love the location of this casino and what they have to offer. It's located in Summerlin, which is a really nice area. They have a movie theatre, which we go to very often and a food court. We come to Red Rock to watch movies and to eat with friends. It's convenient to get into because it's located right off the 215 freeway.
2	This is a really nice looking and well maintained hotel. About a $60ish cab ride from the airport and about a $35ish cab ride to the strip. The restaurants are pretty good. I loved the fact that there is a bowling alley and 16 screens movie theater (2 of my fave entertainments). I DID NOT find most of the staff to be friendly tho. Especially one of the hotel manager's, Filippo, I think his name was. He WAS NOT personable at all. Great customer service is huge in my book, but this hotel does not have it. That is why I am only giving 2 stars, instead of 5. The staff could definitely take a course from the Downtown Philadelphia Marriott, where I have had the PLEASURE of staying for the past 9 years.
5	I got a chance to visit Red Rock several years ago, literally days after the grand opening.I only checked out the casino and a couple of restaurants, but can't really comment on the rooms as I haven't stayed yet.Five stars all the way, although I recall losing quite badly here in a very short timeframe.If booking a stay, be sure to check out the rules for incidental deposits and resort fees - this place is top notch, and I'm sure their requirements are much higher than the norm, as the case is with Green Valley Ranch.Definitely recommend, although you might have a bit of better gaming luck at Arizona Charlie's Decatur a few streets down.
5	Went to the Red Rock Resort Casino for My 30th Wedding Anniversary. And it was Fantastic!!!  Check in was smooth,  the bellman were speedy, and the room was  Luxurious!  With a view of the strip! From my 16th floor location.  The resort is a one stop shop location, everything you need is there!  Dinning, dancing, Gambling and fun!  From bowling to movie theaters to food courts to Gourmet dining to the Feast Buffet! It's all there.  The rooms have floor to ceiling windows the bathrooms are marble, with double sink vanities and marble deep soaking Tub! With a flat screen over the soaking Tub! Nice big marble shower! And a separate water closet for your privacy.   42inch flat screens on the wall in the living area!  The staff is very helpful and willing to serve to aid in your good time!   Great spa/fitness center so you can work off those lbs from all that 5 star dinning!  Here's a plus...costco is right down the street so you can get that bottle of adult beverage of you choice at a costco price!  With the dip and chips for your room,  sweet!!!  So if you want - 5 Star Dinning - 5 Star lodging - 5 Star Resort Fun - and be treated like your their Best Guest!!!!  This place is a no brainer.  We did go down to the strip, saw the lights and then ran back to Red Rock to relax and have Fun!  Last but not least, make a trip to the Red Rock Conservation Area, it is Mind Blowing!!!!  It's so Beautiful and peaceful.  You can hike or have a picnic lunch or just hang with nature,  Nice...over all the Red Rock Resort is a Experince you must Experince!   This will be my regular stop when I go to Vegas!
4	This is my favorite casino in town! I'm here at least once a week.The casino, and all surrounding areas are clean, and easily accessible.Getting in and out of the parking lot is very easy. There are a couple entrances off of Charleston, and two side entrances. Two parking garages, and a huge parking lot or from, provides plenty of parking for customers. The standard rooms are nicer than any I've ever seen. The suites are awesome! My boss had a suite with 2 bedrooms, a living room, pool table and a soaking pool on the balcony.There are many amenities such as a great Food Court, Bowling Alley, and a great movie theatre! The staff is the friendliest I've encountered! From the bars, to the cashiers, I've always felt welcome.The Sport Book is the best in the area. Any game, race, or sporting event is televised. The staff is the best. I'm going to continue to visit this casino.
4	With a Players Club card, the Feast Buffet is only $7.50! We caught the tail end of breakfast and I was able to get an omelet. Very tasty!!! Desserts were plentiful and fantastic. I absolutely got my money's worth. I would have given this 5 stars but the cashier had as much personality as burnt toast.
4	Red rock is a beautiful casino. My friends and I go there for bingo occasionally. They have a huge bingo room with a separate smokers area :) they have a huge table games area too with a lot of popular games like black hack ultimate Texas hold 'em and pai gow :) it has a nice lounge and bar. And a large food court. It has great restaurant inside like Lucille's and don't get me started on Lucille's and their cinnamon biscuits :))) yum that'll be on a review to come :)
5	I stayed at Redrock Casino for a recent conference. I had my apprehensions due to the distance from the strip but they were all put to rest upon my arrival. This place is great! Huge rooms. Clean casino. It seems like they really paid attention to the details when they put this place together. Their in-casino and in room dining is great. Good food and excellent option. The thing that really impressed me most was the staff. They were very accommodating and friendly. One night after a big dinner I needed a bit of help finding my room and they did oblige. Great people!
3	5 dollar tables! Not a bad place to gamble if your not looking for strip craziness.
5	I love this hotel. This is my all time favorite hotel. I love its location way off the strip and so close to the beautiful red rocks canyon. The staff are nice and friendly. The decor is great. There are so any convenient places to eat inside the hotel and neighboring. The rooms are big. Comfy big king size bed. Flat screen tv. Big bathroom with a big stand alone shower and big deep tub. And awesome smelly toiletries. I'd stay here any day anytime.
3	I went to the Feast Buffet for lunch at the Red Rock Casino with a friend while visiting Vegas for the day. The overall look of the casino was nice. It wasn't too smokey or noisy and it was fairly easy to get in and out of the place. The buffet itself looks pretty and is a quiet enough place to have good conversation. I had two complaints about the meal: the variety of food and the taste of some dishes. The buffet had many different styles of food represented but each style only had a few dishes to choose from. The Asian section only had one or two different dishes with meat in them. No orange chicken, no kung pow chicken, hardly anything at all. Once you found the one dish you wanted to eat, it really didn't taste that good. Of particular note was the spumoni which was so overpoweringly cherry flavored that it could have qualified as a weapon of mass flavor destruction. It had a nice atmosphere and some of the food was good but it could have been so much better.
4	Best gaming casino in Las Vegas even though its bit to drive but it was worthed.  Place have tons of machine and dining is not do expensive
5	This review is for the casino portion only. We loved Red Rock...almost better than casinos on the strip. It was about a 20 minute drive from our hotel, but well worth it. Parking is a bit of a hassle, but the casino is so nice. Great decor, friendly staff, strong drinks, several good restaurants to choose from. There is a whole family friendly section here, too. Large movie theater and arcade for families with children. A huge plus, their machines definitely pay out. We won most of our money here :)
3	I love the movie theater but the smoke is terrible. Then again every casino has the same issue.
4	NICE rooms, comfortable and roomy. I have stayed here several times and never had a problem. Will be coming back for sure.
4	Red Rock is a great casino for locals.  You not only have the casino & restaurants but also bowling, the theater, food court, bingo & more!  The casino itself is modern and clean with plenty of spaces to sit, eat, play, etc.  The machines always seem to be in working order & there are plenty so I can usually find a row of my favorite slots all to myself.  I've never actually stayed in the hotel but a lot of people I know who have like it very much.  My husband and I like the dining options there since there is something for both of us with all the different restaurants.  The theater and bowling alley are top notch and convenient for a date night.  It's not on the strip, which is a plus.  Red Rock is one of our favorite 'locals' casinos!  Tip - Locals get $.99 margaritas!  Woo!
5	We have stayed at a few hotels in the Las Vegas area. We have our favorites based on different desires. When staying at non gaming hotels we like Element, Rumor and if we are looking to dance the night away, we'll even put up with the rude maids who seem to run The Artisan.Our favorite hotels with easy access to a Casino has been Vdara, Encore,Treasure Island, Palazzo, and the Venetian.  If we had to chose 1 my wife would say Encore, I would say Palazzo.  That was until we stayed at the Red Rock Hotel.It has been our experience that the swankier hotel's front desk staff seem to act as though THEY own the hotel.  We've grown to hate the arrogance that comes across but  since we only interact with them for about 15 min at a time we just ignore any snooty attitudes provided as they don't cross a line.Because we enjoy staying in nicer hotels we had grown to expect poor attitudes especially when booking through a third party (Priceline, Expedia, Trip Advisor, ect...).  This was definitely NOT the case at Red Rock.  We were treated as if we were long time VIP's.  When our reservations weren't sent to the hotel in a timely manner the very patient front desk person (named) Parker sought out assistance from his peers.  Randy came out to assist by speaking with the 3rd party's customer service rep on the phone in order to assist us in checking in.  The only exception was when we went to the bell desk.  We needed a way to charge our cell phones.  There were 3 employees at the Bell Desk. One of whom appeared to be a supervisor.  When asked if they had something that we could use to charge our iPhone's they looked at us as though we had requested something that they've NEVER heard before in their lives.  The gentleman in the suit stated that we MAY BE ABLE to get help from the concierge BUT we'd have to wait until the morning.  I couldn't wait for the morning so I sought out Randy's help. Without missing a beat, he stepped up and quickly provided a means for us to charge our phones.  Fortunately the hotel has the front desk staff who appear to be happy to assist their customers.  It is because of them that we will be returning (probably on a regular basis).  It is obvious that they're willing to go the extra mile.
4	If you're going to be off the strip, you better be good if you want me to come back.  They are good.  I come back often.  The casino itself is one of my favorite.  New, elegant, exciting and big.  Tons of slots with new machines too.  Table games are cheap, as you would expect from non-strip casinos, but the dealers are funny, friendly and very helpful.  They want you to win.  There is a large food court for those who don't want to drop a lot of dollars for their meals and even a Pinks Hotdog stand.  A nice bowling alley offers you to do something other than gamblling and a Regal movie theater as well.  A high technology Bingo room gives you a more relaxing way to gamble.  Their pool is nice as well.  It doesn't have a shopping center so that's one of my two grips.  They are a million miles west of the strip, but it's worth the drive for the gambling.  Lots of restaurants, but nothing memorable.  The rooms is among the best in Vegas easily better than Aria, which I thought was the best.  I really like it here.  I find myself making the long drive at least once for every trip I make to Vegas.
4	Nice Casino, lots of parking, never had any problems here.I like the fact that you can bypass the slot machines and other gaming areas if you are just here for bowling or the movies.If you park on the parking garage located on the West side of the Casino, you can take the elevator all the way down.The buffet is nice to visit every once in a while.  It is not the best one in the world, but will do just well in a pinch.  The bowling alley is located right at the elevators and if you take a little walk you can get to the food court or the movie theaters. Again, I love that you can just bypass the gaming areas. I've stayed here a few times for a stay-cation and the rooms are absolutely beautiful!  I loved the views of the Red Rock area and Strip.  The rooms feel like contemporary 70's and it is very up scale.  I wouldn't mind selling my house and living in one of their rooms full time!
5	I need to mention this resort and give it 5 stars... I have seen this place many times in driving around Vegas but never came inside, much less stayed here.  Wow!!!  This place is amazing - reminds me like the way Vegas was about 10 years ago on the strip when it wasn't so crowded and hard to park in the 5-story parking structures.  Also, the gambling tables are reasonable - there are even a $5 craps and blackjack tables during day.  The room is very quiet - must have soundproof glass or something, but great views from the rooms of the mountains.You can park just outside - easy walk - the hotel itself is clean, very pimp - great pools, GREAT restaurants - we ate at T-Bones for Christmas Eve and it was 5-star food - the cafe is good as well - I don't know if I would recommend the buffet, but if you like long lines, it probably has good food, as there are long lines there almost all the time.We would stay here again.
1	This review is for the Casino and Staff. We have been going to the Red Rock weekly since we have moved to the neighborhood 6 months ago. Well we are now boycotting this Casino as the staff is not friendly, not trained properly,  not customer service oriented and doesn't care about locals. Their slogan "we love locals" is a total joke. Our problem is with the player's card staff. We were told we had dining credit, so we used the dining credit to only find out we used our points. Points was never spoken of, the term dining credit was used. They refused to take responsibility in giving us the wrong info. and having communication issues. We spoke to several representatives, supervisors and a manager to only be told they can't do anything about it. Their attitude sucks, and one employee lied and said he explained it to us, when a "he" never waited on us. All to cover their behind. BYE BYE RED ROCK!! We are taking our business else where. Side note: Their buffet is also horrible. Food taste is horrible and not worth it even if you have a 2 for 1 coupon.On the bright side: Nicest employees are Alberto (waiter) in the buffet and Curtis at Starbucks at the food court.
4	This hotel is beautiful. There are so many food options, and it even has a pleasant scent for a casino. Checking in could be tricky as there aren't any prevalent signs identifying where the check in desk is. There is signage pointing you to the area, but once in the area it can be tricky. The room was really nice. Very clean. It would be a nice touch if there were 1 or 2 complimentary bottles of water though.
5	Finally we have found a nice host at Red Rock... Jamie goes out of his way to be accommodating. This is so nice as having a host with UMS can ruin your fun at a casino. It would seem like the first requirement for a host would be to check for UMS. Ugly Mood Syndromeif they have it. Do not hire them. LolAnyway, we now have a great host & all is well at Red Rock for is. So ask for Jamie!!!
2	An overall nice casino and hotel. If you are staying at the hotel drive in the East side. If you park on the west side you will have a loooong walk to the check in. They have signature suites on the first floor of rooms so the ads talking about views of the Strip or Red Rocks isn't always the truth. I paid for the suite and got views of the trash cans and parking garage.....not exactly what I expected after paying for the higher price suite.The flat screens are nice, but would be nicer if they had HD channels.The Jacuzzi tub in the room was nice although we had to wait 3 hours to get maintenance to come up and show me how to get the water out of the tub. A sticker showing where to turn would be helpful.
5	Overall a 4.7 easy!My wife and I went to Las Vegas for new years to celebrate our 4 year engagement anniversary. Instead of the hectic Strip experience I wanted something more relaxing and Red Rock delivered on all fronts. First off  Red Rock is in WEST Las Vegas. Not close to the strip at all. But the location is great. The view of the strip is awesome, big reason I chose this place to watch fireworks, and everything you could want to do is within walking distance or already at the resort.We were in a mountain view room with a King Bed and it was incredibly nice as well as very spacious. For the money you are getting a ton of bang for your buck in one of these rooms. The bathroom was also insanely nice with dual sinks and a HUGE tub. I don't take baths but I did in this one because it's the first one that been able to house my 6'3 frame without me having to bend my knees. My only quibble with the room was the shower. It was very large and gorgeous with a glass door but the shower head itself looked cheap and lacked a lot of pressure. Honestly it was the only thing that looked cheap in the whole room so it stood out to me. Doesn't make much sense to have such a beautiful bathroom and have something that looks like its from the clearance section in Kmart. The drain seemed a bit backed up as well so water gathered into a puddle at my feet. I found a long black hair in the shower that wasn't mine or my wife's floating in said puddle that grossed me out a bit. But other than this the room was fantastic and really that was the only mishap of the trip.In the actual resort Red Rock literally has so much to do that you don't need to leave at all, which we didn't. They have a ton of food options, a nice casino, a bowling ally, and even a movie theater! Seriously we felt a big intimidated because there was so much to do. I have separate reviews for the places we visited there. But we really loved our stay.Red Rock really nailed it. The facility is gorgeous and the staff makes you feel right at home. It is a fantastic value for what you get and when we are looking to stay off the strip we will for sure be back. P.S. No free Wi-Fi was a bummer I don't get why you should have to pay for it when you already pay a resort fee.
5	Red Rock is really huge and always packed with people! they basically have everything in this casino: bowling, theatres, bingo, pool, restaurants, great food court, etc. I love going here to play bingo with my parents, it's a fun time. it's most likely the top hotel of all the station casinos. and it's a great place for all ages to just wind back and relax!
5	Of the many times I've stayed in Vegas, this continues to be my favorite spot. I love/hate that it's so far from the strip, but really enjoy being able to rub elbows with locals and relax far away from the traffic and insanity. The rooms are incredible. Clean, excellent amenities, deep bathtub/ nice shower, HBO, wi-fi in resort fee, free shoe shining service, extremely comfy king-size beds with fluffy comforters. The resort is also my favorite in Vegas. They have a theatre, a bowling alley, full casino, spa, tons of dining options, a club and a lounge. They're also very close to tons of affordable neighborhood options - BJ's, Albertson's - which we like to pick up drinks at or hit happy hour. The pool here is beautiful. I love the hottubbing, but have found the pool to always be too cold to swim in, even in summer. Their poolside bar makes great drinks that come in pineapples, though, and you can chill on one of their poolside Cabana bed thingies. The two women I worked with at the front counter this visit (12/30/13 - 1/3/2014) were incredibly nice, helpful, and professional - a huge improvement over my previous visit. If you're looking for a unique Vegas experience, I highly recommend Red Rock. You'll leave feeling refreshed and relaxed, not blown-out and frazzled. Already looking forward to our next visit. :-)
4	My cousin brought my bride & me here for the buffet while we were visiting.  I have to say it is indeed impressive.  The food on the buffet was indeed fresh, being made about as quickly as people could grab it up, and the selection was incredble, from asian fruit salads to lobster eggs benedict to standard American breakfast fare.  I think I put on 5 lbs just looking over the options.I now know where I expect we will be staying on our next visit to the area.  Plenty of restaurants to choose from and away from the "hustlers" of the strip.
5	Like its sister casino the Green Valley Ranch this place is a cozy and modern away from the hustle and bustle of the strip with reasonable prices.  I love the location it has a palm springs feel to it and you really are not overwhelmed you can actually relax and spend time with family.
4	Did a random staycation here and spent two nights randomly. Having nothing on me, but the clothes on my back, I can say that Red Rock has it all. First, the room was huge, had awesome views of actual Red Rock, had an amazing bathroom, large jacuzzi jet tub, and large comfy bed. The room had a mini-fridge which was stocked full of beer, booze, and candies (and there was even more snack and booze options as well as a sex kit option on the dresser as well). The only need with our room was the super thin walls and the remote for the tv didn't work well (even after having it changed out).Red Rock also houses, slots, poker, blackjack, several bars, a bowling center, bingo hall, and movie theaters. A lovely spa, amazing pools (open year round - they're heated), and a variety of restaurants sure to pleasure your palate.The casino is large, has two parking structures on both sides of the property, as well as complimentary valet (one by the main lobby and the other in the west parking garage).The Red Rock is great for fun or play and as a locals casino has a great rewards program. Definitely Station Casinos gold star property. Definitely a big, big fan.
4	Beautiful hotel for off of the strip. If you want to experience a relaxing Vegas... this is your spot. Large and gorgeous pool!
5	This review is only for our experience in the casino and the buffet.  We were staying on the strip (will be writing a review for that hotel shortly...TERRIBLE!) but went for a hike nearby.  Decided to check out this resort (and look for food).  While walking through, we noticed they had a breakfast buffet for only $6.99 with your "boarding pass", which you can get for free.  The buffet was great!  Tons of fresh fruit, cereal, oatmeal, a pizza station, Mexican food, sushi, eggs of every kind, all the sides you can imagine!  We stuck around and played some slots, checked out the pool area (open year round).  Every staff member we came in contact with was friendly and helpful.  The casino, restaurant and bathrooms were all spotless!  This is about 15-20 minutes to the strip, but I would stay here!  If you like to hike, enjoy the outdoors and get some gambling in without the need to be right on the strip I would check it out!
5	This was one of the best experiences I've had at a hotel.  Great food, helpful staff, and a nice fitness center.  T-Bones is a superb steakhouse, and out suite was comfy and modern.  The casino did a great job of controlling the smoke which is important to me as a non smoker.
5	Red Rock is just straight swanky... epitome of classy. When you're this far off the Strip, you have to give a little more... scratch that, a lot more. I don't think I could find one thing wrong with this place; the rooms are great, the staff is great, and the selection of restaurants and activities are top notch.I guess there is one blemish... why isn't there a night club for dancing?
5	Great Hotel to stay at. The rooms are very nice and beds are really comfy. The pool is nice and has lots of space around it and its not to crowded since it is off the strip. overall i really like this casino because it is clean and it doesn't smell too much like cigarettes, and they have a Yard house which has great happy hour. Also if your not in the mood to gamble they have a really nice bowling alley and movie theater.
1	BEWARE -- If you have any kind of special needs or have a special request, DO NOT COME HERE!!-- I am sensitive to UV light emissions.  They assured me that it would be no issue changing out to "regular" incandescent bulbs when we made the reservation. When I called back to confirm, the "engineer" had left a message that there are only LED lights so there are no issues.-- To my dismay, the room we found not only had LED lights but also lamps in the walls with flourescent lights which does emit UV rays. So I called down to request to have them changed out. The "engineer" responded that would not be possible. HUH?  They can't find 4 regular incandescent bulbs that can easily be purchased anywhere??   -- I have found two types of hotels responses to my lighting issue:  Either they are customer-oriented or frankly they don't give a rats-ass.  Red Rock falls under the latter category.-- You may think that I'm being too picky. Is it too picky when you have health requirements?  We, as a population, are getting older, and with age comes a myriad of health issues.  And hotels such as Red Rock will find that with such lack of concern where they cannot be bothered with potential health concerns, us folks, who are not in our 20s blooming with health, will not be willing to patronize them.-- Frankly, if it wasn't for the fact that we were at the hotel due to a convention and prepaid by the hosting company, we would have left and gone to a much better hotel on the Strip.-- Lastly, the enclosed shower smelled AWFUL like an open sewer. Clearly the drain needed cleaning out. It smelled like something died in there. During showers we had to breath through our mouths; it made you gag if you breathed through your nose. Given the total lack of response from their engineer to the prior request, we didn't see the point in trying to get it rectified.-- To add insult to injury, for some reason during our last day there (was there 3 nights), housekeeping failed to clean our room whatsoever. It figures.....
1	I have been to Red Rock many times. I gave it more than a fair shot.  Now  I only go back for IMAX.   Overall, Red Rock consistently misses the mark on food and service in every area. It's rare to find a casino where every restaurant has problems, the club is a joke, the bars are bad (attitude cases) and basic casino operations are lacking.I'm a huge fan of IMAX 3 D big block buster action movies (aka I AM perfect movie date because I will never see a chick flick!) and I like the theaters because they still feel new and are always clean .   Aside from that I just avoid the place.    Too many other great places to spend my money I don't need to put up with poor service, bad attitudes and some blantant rudeness thrown in for extra measure.  Harsh?   Yes...  But every experience outside of movies had turned out to be a hassle to awful so I have to call this one as I experienced it.BUT IMAX ROCKS!
5	The prices are reasonable. Their is a free shuttle to the airport and to the mall on the strip. Room was very nice. The pools were beautiful. They have a bowling alley and a movie theatre for those of us who are not gamblers! The best part for me is that I didn't know it was a smoking casino until I saw an ashtray!
5	We stayed here two nights, and it was wonderful.  The room, the casino, the food,the staff, the outside pool....everything was great!
5	First time visiting the casino and I fell in love with the place.. Very clean, classy, had some good modern tunes rocking through out the place especially when Muse came on.. that was the point I knew I was in the right place lol.. friendly staff all over the place from the cocktail waitresses, slot attendants, security.. everyone seemed to be happy.. beautiful location off the strip and worth visiting.. easily 1 of my top 10 casinos in the country now.. Station's delivers again a great casino!
3	If you want a place that's close to the strip then Red Rock is not the place.  It's about a good 30 minutes drive so be warned.  The rooms are nice, bed is very comfortable. There isn't a lot of lights in the room so you definitely have mood lighting.  I love the two Starbucks, food court and the cool arcade, but one thing that really disgusted me was this: When I went to sit down on the couch to put on my shoes and I don't know if it's a girl instinct but I usually look at where I'm siting before I sit, I see a "crusty" white stain on the chair.  I took a picture it and sent it to my husband and he was thoroughly disgusted and he told me I was definitely in Vegas.  I didn't want to change my room because I already unpacked so I just told myself to stay clear from the couch.   I was seriously disgusted.
4	I really like Red Rock Casino. They have a pretty good arcade, bowling alley, and movie theater all conveniently located right next to the parking lot and food court. Most of their restaurant are pretty good as well. It usually isn't hard to find parking and it's almost never crowded. Their rooms are nice, but since it's located so far from the strip, you don't really get a view like the other hotels.
5	This place is a great respite from the hustle and bustle of strip casinos and the smokiness and chaos that is now Fremont St. Very clean, loose machines and a plethora of other non gaming activities. Such as bowling, cinemas, arcades, and of course your very own food court with great eateries. Capriottis, Panda, Fat Burger, Lucille's BBQ. All good eats.I've never actually stayed here though, so i cant say anything about their rooms. But if the rooms are anything like the casino floor, then you should have nothing to worry about. The floor is super clean and non as smoky as most casinos.I've won most of my dollars here, so take solace in that fact that someone actually wins a buck or two in Vegas.Have fun. Be young.
5	If I'm going to go to a casino and I don't want to go to the strip, this is my spot! I only live 5 minutes away, can't beat that. I have ate at every restaurant, drank at every bar and have been here more times then I can count. Never had an issue and no complaints. In my opinion no other off strip casino compares!
5	This is our go to place every summer for my wife and i to have a vacation. We love that it's off the strip and we can sit and relax att he pool all day and enjoy live music at the bars in the evening. Everything is always so clean and the staff has always been great
5	Love this casino and glad it's away from the Strip. Summerlin is a beautiful part of Las Vegas and so is Red Rock Casino. They have everything from restaurants to bars to the movie theatre. Parking is pretty easy.
4	Now that we've moved this has been the go to place for the late night specials. Great happy hour at the steakhouse, movie theater, bowling and soon a concert theater. So far an all around good place to go for whatever you're in the mood for. With kids or without?
4	A favorite local casino- easy to access, plenty of parking, movie theater and bowling alley for those of us who don't gamble. Also lots of dining options, from more high-end, sit-down style to classic food court options including Baja Fresh and Ben & Jerry's. Casino layout is easy to navigate, staff is friendly and helpful, and the sportsbook is big enough to always find seating- and it is one of the nicer local casino 'books, too.Sad to hear the rumor that the Pinks closed, but you're still likely to find me here at the theater fairly often.
4	First, a caveat: This resort has a myriad of amenities and things to do - my opinion is limited to the portions that I actually experienced (a small segment!). My overall conclusion: this is a nice place and works out pretty well (though not perfectly) for a couple traveling with a child. The context: we roadtripped with our preschooler to Vegas for a friend's wedding and stayed at Red Rock resort in a King room. The room was quite nice and quiet - I loved the decor and the big soaker tub. View of the parking garage - less impressive. The hotel service was great - front desk was really responsive and helpful - we asked for an extra blanket and it arrived within minutes. :) Parking was easy, too. The pool area was huge, and really nice - especially once we found which ones were warm - and the lounge chairs were comfy. The Feast Buffet was grossly bland for breakfast - although we had BOGO coupons, we didn't return - it wasn't worth waiting in the line. We loved the Yard House for the beer selection, Capriottis for a Bobbie, and the BBQ joint (I recommend the brisket/mushroom sandwich) - and no complaints about the Starbucks for the necessary morning coffee. The casino is a bit mall-like, with a foodcourt and movie theater attached. However, the single deck blackjack table was fun.  Having the Kids Quest (drop-off daycare) there was *fantastic* for being able to leave the kiddo while we went out to dinner - although it is a long walk from the hotel all the way through a smoky casino to get there. This service alone almost overrides the smoke. Our son had lots of fun bowling and at the arcade. There's room for improvement, though - having a weight-based mini bar right out in the open on a low cabinet in the room is not compatible with traveling with a toddler. I threw a towel over it which activated a charge, but the front desk removed it without complaint at checkout, so not a big deal. Also, we knew the casino would be smoky, but I was surprised to find the lobby and the hotel hallways were smoky too - and there are ashtrays at the elevators. I had hoped the smoke would end at the casino. Next time we visit Vegas we'll probably rent a condo, stay with friends, or go to one of the few nonsmoking hotels to stay away from it. I get that smoke is part of the Vegas "thing", but I wanted to provide this info for other non-smoking families who might be curious about the level of the hotel's smokiness.
5	This hotel and casino seems to be well rounded for kids and adults.... Arcade, Quest (drop your kids off for 8.00 an hour), bowling alley, movie theatre... Plenty of Restaurants..... Also get your players card and receive discounts for the buffet...Pools are awesome.Great place I will definitely be back
5	Definitely a casino for locals. Definitely a great place to meet up with friends and have a good time. Definitely a fun place for the kiddos. Definitely my favorite casino around town! The movie theater, bowling alley, restaurants, even the hotel rooms are spacious and very modern. Occasionally you can find great room rates from Groupon. Or check their website for package deals, always the worth the money. Parking used to be sort of a pain but they've opened up more spaces recently...thank you!! All around it's just a cool casino. I love the low-key but upbeat vibe.
1	Great decor and furnishings. It is really nice here.Big problem for me was that I was treated poorly by the employees. The customer service here, really is lacking. I had employees interrupt me while speaking, forget about my food orders during breakfast, I had to ask for a refill of my water too. It was ridiculous. Now to be clear, I am a really nice guy, plenty of friends and I am hardly ever rude. I personally can not understand why I would be treated this way by multiple employees over 3 days. When I asked to why they were interrupting me or being rude, they would scoff and walk away. I thought about asking for the manager but when it kept happening, I that maybe, the mangers or even higher up the chain may have been a problem for them.I do not want to return to stay here, ever again.
1	Room was nice. But thats about it. Service everywhere was horrible! From the waitresses to the bowling alley and bartenders to the front desk at checkout. Felt like I was asking them to go out of their way just by asking them to do their job. Couldn't get an hour late checkout on a Monday? Yea. Never again.
4	Great hotel. I got bumped from a standard queen to a suite. Needless to say I had a great visit. My luck carried over to the craps table. The staff was very friendly, and the food was great. The pool has to be one of the best in Vegas.
4	I really like the design of this casino and resort. It is beautifully appointed and classy. I like that there are both casual eateries/food court for kids before or after catching a movie at Regal Cinemas inside the casino, as well as a fine dining restaurant (T-Bones). The Red Rock Lanes bowling alley within this casino, as well as the movie theater within the casino make this place kid-friendly when we visit. A penthouse suite that my in-laws booked was beautifully appointed with luxury amenities, furniture, a billiard table, and absolutely breathtaking views...gorgeous.
1	I wish I could give it 0 stars. This place is horrible to locals I will never return. I have never been so upset at a hotel in my life I will never spend a dime here again. Rude rude rude. Skip this trash hole. With bad customer service
1	An otherwise enjoyable trip to Las Vegas to celebrate my 50th birthday with my son was spoiled by the very poor customer service at Red Rock Casino Resort. The staff put my climbing guide's climbing ropes on pavement freshly treated with "acetone-based" pavement sealer (hotel staff's admission; not my words); ropes are now unusable for climbing. The manager was worse than belligerent and unhelpful. I paid for 5 nights, plus a couple of very expensive dinners at the hotel, but left  feeling completely taken for granted. If you're a rock climber, then this place is in a good location, but I can't see myself ever going back. #redrocks #rockclimbing.
4	Wow; other reviews seem to say opposite, but my family was treated like royalty and we weren't even staying there. Great food, friendly, fast courteous service and simply a great time for Sunday breakfast at their Grand Cafe for a reasonable price.
3	Literally walking distance from my door I'm still of mixed feelings about Red Rock.  Sure it has a convenient theater and bowling, but both are overpriced compared to other 'locals' casinos.  Sure it has some unique restaurants, but they are in a constant state of chef turnover and flux.  Add in the fact that there is no shopping to speak of until the Shops at Summerlin open and I see this as a nice "upscale" locals spot, but not something one should go out of their way of for anything other than gambling and perhaps the occasional night of entertainment.  Credit is due to the "no smoking" games, but they really aren't so far off from the standard games and options are limited.
5	A wonderful resort outside of Vegas. Makes you feel like you are by a beach somewhere. We held a convention there and service was impeccable. Whatever we wanted, we received. The rooms are gorgeous and the resort is beautiful. They have an outstanding pool. The service by the pool or in the pool bar is not the speediest. If you order a drink or food, expect to wait awhile. Since tip is already included, they do not respect the time is money aspect. We probably waited 10-15 minutes each time for a drink, let alone the time it took to get a meal. The setting is awesome, so in a way, it makes up for it.The casino is very clean and the restaurants are outstanding. A 20 min. ride from the strip, this Casino makes you think you are far away from Vegas, but since it's a short ride to the Strip, your Vegas experience awaits!
5	Great casino, lots and lots of fabulous restaurants, bowling alley, theaters, very easy to park, they have the best salad bar in their buffet.  Their is so much to do there, enjoy sitting out in there eating areas, also happy hour is excellent. in there yard house.
5	I'd like to compliment the entire staff at Red Rock. Every bit of our stay here was great! Valet was courteous and very fast. Our room was beautiful! When I made the reservation over the phone he recommended the canyon view which was a great choice! We even had a view of the beautiful pool which we enjoyed very much. When we had to check out they even held our bags for is so we could use the pool a bit longer and even let us use the spa amenities to freaked up and change when we were done. We both forward to visiting Red Rock again!!!
4	Very accommodating! They meet the mark on all aspects of comfort & customer service. Cozy beds, jetted bath tubs, walk in showers. A wonderful Spa and amazing pool lounge area. All staff are very professional & meet guest needs.
4	This is my second time staying here. The rooms are always clean and the staff is always friendly. The hotel is great for kids and families. They have a movie, bowling alley, arcade and kid friendly pools. The only negative about the hotel is the $24.95 resort fee. It includes internet service that is really slow, my phone has faster wifi.
5	I loved staying at Red Rock Casino Resort & Spa! The rooms are really nice, and the prices are affordable compared to staying on the strip. Good selection of shops and restaurants. The bowling alley is a lot of fun, with pool tables, other games, and a bar. The spa is expensive, but it's really nice. I enjoyed hanging out in the jacuzzi after my massage. Also, there's great hiking nearby at Red Rock Canyon.I highly recommend this hotel.
1	Room is great,  but service is so bad, they didn't clean the room since two days and I have to stay till this Monday in the hotel cuz recipients told me they don't refund the money if I leave b4 Monday,  we have a problem using the shower n their engineer just came to fix it plus the phone isn't connected!!! ..... Not recommended at all.
4	Off the strip casino, but worth going to.  Rooms are nice and they have some pretty good restaurants as well as bars/club.
4	for me, personally, i'd give it 3 stars.  but overall, it's a 4 star property.  i've stayed here 3 times now...and very much like the guest staff and room itself.  and like others say, FOR THE LOVE request a room near the freakin' elevator.  unbelievable long walk from elevators from room.  my last visit a couple weeks ago, we were at the very end.  we paced the walk as 200 yards.  OH MY!  this is a conference destination, so many conference attendees are floating around.  best part of this place is the Starbucks just outside the elevators.  the room has an excellent bed and bathtub.  shower is a bit squished, but not the end of the world.  housekeeping staff didn't seem too friendly, and never said "hi" when you passed them.  which being 200 yards from the elevator you pass a lot of housekeeping!  would i stay here a 4th time?  ummm...we'll see.  if i get comped again, maybe i would.  this place can get pricey, on certain dates.  but for free?  i guess you can't beat the place.
4	Red Rock is quite sleek and modern for an off-strip casino.  The casino staff are friendly -- both the people at the tables and the ones that monitor the slots.  They have a good variety of games here, though not all of them.  The food court has the usuals -- nothing fancy.  I can't say I've tried any of the sit down places.
1	Terrible customer service!  NOT military friendly!  In - room service came 45 minutes late with our breakfast when we had to attend a conference in 5 minutes. Incompetent front desk that will give you a run around. We tried to speak with manager, but he was in a "meeting". Said he will contact us, but never did. Very disappointed.
2	Check in was a breeze and the front desk associate was very friendly.I was disappointed in the room.  The bathroom door slides open like a closet door and did not have any type of latch.  It just didn't feel private.  The sink and tub faucet has burning hot water, but the water in the shower doesn't get hot enough.  Weird.  The soaps smelled good.  The Wifi in the room sucked (11th floor)!!!  We called numerous times because it kept going down.  Each time the staff was friendly and resolved the problem, but within a minute of getting off of the phone it would go down again.  It felt futile to call more than the 5 times that we already called.  Wifi seemed to work fine in the rest of the casino.  This casino does not have an adult pool area.  Which stinks, because not only was the pool full, but we were only able to find chairs next to a pool with kids splashing away.  The chairs and cushions could use a facelift and the music was tired.  There was a employee stationed at the pool entryway that looked through your bags to ensure you did NOT bring in any open bottles of water, or any beverage.  No outside food was allowed.  I bought a pina colada that was was not good.  It was not horrible, but it was nothing special and I wouldn't buy another.  Also it was $2.00 more expensive than pina coladas that I have bought at the Wynn.  Even Redrocks's quesadilla was more expensive than the Wynn, and not half as good.  The service was slow.Lucilles and Yard House staff were super nice and the food was very good.  The free shuttle to the strip was also nice and the driver was professional and friendly.  Heck even the doormen were very attentive and polite.The new pit boss at 1 am was not nice and should probably be reminded that while he is there to protect from loss, he also works in the hospitality industry.  An hour and a half is a long time to wait between drink offers when you're gambling between $10 - $100 a hand.  Just say'en.Probably all of the employees I came in contact with were pleasant and accommodating, with the exception of the new pit boss.  The pool entry bag checker was friendly too, even though I was offended by the hotel policy of having bags be checked.  But hey, that wasn't his fault.If I had kids and was on a family vacation, maybe I would have been more pleased.  However, for a romantic get away in Vegas I would prefer to spend a few more bucks  for a hotel room on the strip and have access to the entertainment, and restaurant and shopping choices.  I don't believe Redrock was a value.
4	We had an enjoyable visit here and our experience with customer service was good. If you have little ones - this is a great place. For the kids:The Kid Quest ("baby sitting") was wonderful - large, lots of toys and a fun play area (slides and stuff). The staff was very nice. They called to let us know that our little guy had a potty accident so I ran over there with diaper bag and change of clothes. When I got there - they had already cleaned him and changed him, they just needed a fresh pair of clothes. How's that for service! :) Additionally, it has a full bowling alley, and Regal movie theatres. The arcade wasn't impressive (it was okay for our little guy but would probably bore teens in less than a minute). Pools were nice. For the grownups:Casino nice - the smoke wasn't too bothersome for us nonsmokers. Pools were nice. Lounges were nice. Only complaint is that they should have a band/entertainment in the Rocks lounge every night (not just Friday/Saturday) for those of us who would rather sit and listen to music with our drinks - not gamble or watch sports. Overall:Nice restaurants, nice food court. Nice place.
5	Love this place and go every chance I get.I do have to admit I have never stayed in the hotel because I live locally, but the casino itself is beautiful, it has good restaurants: Lucille's Smokehouse BBQ, LB Burger (Delicious), The Yardhouse, a sushi place, I can't remember the name, and they have a lot of quick eating places too, such as Fatburger, Panda Express, starbucks, etc.Its a great place if you have kids.  There is a bowling alley, arcade and movie theater like most of the local casinos.  The Salon is awesome.  I have had my hair done by Jean Marc Levy several times and he does an amazing job.  You should know they only do one client at a time it seems, and they do an amazing job.  For me, I am kind of uncomfortable being the only one they are working on because I feel like a bug under a microscope, but they do an amazing job.  As far as color goes, he is the best.  He has also been voted the Best in Vegas, so its not just me.  The Salon staff is super friendly.The buffet is okay.  I have been there once and it is better than a lot of the buffet's I have been to in Vegas, I will say though that if you want to do a buffet correctly, go to the Wynn.I absolutely love the Red Rock.  It is one of my favorite places, and an interesting side note, the MIT Card Counters were eventually caught and taken in at the Red Rock.
4	This is one the best places to go if you don't like all the traffic on the strip. They have bowling and a Movie theater besides the normal casino things. There are a couple fair places to eat plus a huge food court. The gaming is your normal fair with all the games you could think of.
3	A nice place but they shut down HachiRestaurant. Went to have drinks at a bar that was suppose to be open but didn't have a bartender. It appears management in this place is questionable.
5	This place is awesome. The pool is awesome and the service is great. Resort Fee is now 27.95
2	Good place to stay if your not looking for the Vegas experience. After 11 pm it's dead and the waitress with curly hair at the "lucky star" bar is slooooooow. Waited 30 minutes for a drink in a dead bar.  Would never come back here if it wasn't where my company hosted an event.
4	This is a great hotel to stay at. The rooms are fantastic, modern, minimal, cool vibe to them. The square footage is good and the bathrooms offer both showers and tubs which I prefer. There is also a little tv above the tub which is cool. The beds are super soft and comfy, the pillows are amazing, and the linens must be at least 500 thread count or soaked in some sort of fabric softener. The room service menu is phenomenal and I swear you can get better burgers from room service than any restaurant downstairs in the casino. They are timely and bring the food in on a table like I prefer. This resort has multiple pools outback and a lot of seating but apparently others know how amazing the hotel part of this resort is as it's a pain in the arse to get 2 lounge seats together by any one of the pools. And there are usually too many kids... gggrrr... Other than that, love the hotel, the spa is nice as well and has a great little shop with lots of girlie goodies and spa products. If you're in this area of Vegas it's the ONLY hotel to stay in.
5	Highly recommend Red Rock. Beautiful resort off the beaten path. Outstanding service everywhere!  Clean and spacious. Hidden gem. Definitely check it out.Here are two examples of outstanding service:We were a large group and wanted $10 blackjack on Saturday night of Memorial weekend. Pit boss let us play $10 minimum at a $15 table. Very cool of him. We played a long time; lost (ha), but had a great time!And the real test of A+ sercice... My husband locked me out of room, by accident(!), at 2 am. He dead bolted door and used safety latch. Front desk, security and engineering could not have been nicer. Number one concern was my safety. They ended up having to cut the latch on the door to get me in and as embarrassed as I was, the security guard and engineer never made me feel bad. They were awesome and definitely went above and beyond!Can't wait to return this summer.
4	Haha! Well Red Rock rooms are simply the best in the west (side of town). Beautiful marble bathrooms, pretty much everything about the rooms were 5 star. The pool area was big, relaxing and unique. The Casino is nothing special. although it is also beautiful.They have a great selection of eateries as well......Id have no qualms about recommending this Hotel
5	if you have a family with little kiddos, this place is great.  they have restaurants, a bowling alley, movie theaters, pools all in the resort making it incredibly convenient.  also across the street from the resort is a shopping area with a Marshalls, Best Buy, Bed Bath and Beyond (etc).we only visited for a short time, and spent a few hours at their pool.  their pool is legit.  they have a shallow pool with a fountain smack dab in the middle for the lil ones.  they also have deeper pools towards the back as well as hot tubs.  cabanas and daybeds are also available at a first come first serve.  apparently, they started a day club as well.  not sure how well that would do considering the resort is more catered for families, but again, even without the day club, the pool area is on point.  really clean and maintained!  only about a 25 minute drive from the strip and if you're heading to from the strip you pass the premium outlet as well!would definitely stay here if going with the fam bam!
5	Red Rock is a beautiful casino/hotel option located outside of the strip. I often compare it to the M Resort, as it maintains a high level of cleanliness and customer service. There are a few very good restaurants located in the casino, as well as a bowling alley and a movie theater. The pool area is very nice, and the rooms are beautiful. Another bonus ... Red Rock Canyon is a hop, skip and a jump away. Great sightseeing if you didn't come here to black out the entire time.
1	Horrible customer service, didn't see anyone winning at all. Total waste of money and we didn't even have fun :-(
4	Nice pools.  Buffet is very affordable and high in quality.   The location is what lost it a star.  Far from the strip, near red rock hiking.  But, if you came to vegas to hike you really don't know how to hike.  The many pools here make this place rock.  It was sad that pool closed at 3pm on Saturday due to a concert and normally closes at 6pm. Also sad, no late check out. Gone by 11a.
2	There is a few things to like and a lot to hate about this place. Good:-Movie theater is nice, easy to get to, and has self-service kiosks.-Bowling alley is nice, large, and there is a bar that serves quick drinks.-The casino itself is probably one of the cleanest and nicest looking casino so far in Summerlin.-Nice pools.Bad:-Terrible, terrible, terrible public relations. If you could get away without ever having to interact with any of the employees, you will be far better off. -The general attitude here is "if you don't like it, leave." They are not hurting for business, and have no interest in keeping yours.-I have spent a fair amount of time gambling at Red Rocks, Rampart, and Suncoast. Of the three, Red Rocks was by far the worst (pay out wise). At first I chalked this up to coincidence, but after 2-3 years the results are always the same. I don't gamble here any more. Finally, when I got married last year, we reserved a block of rooms here for our guests, since it was the nicest looking Casino near the wedding venue. Big mistake. The whole thing was a huge headache, with them being rude to our guests and constantly adding "fees" that they had forgotten to tell us about before. If you are getting married out in Summerlin, I highly, highly, highly recommend you look else where for a place for your guests to stay.To sum it all up: they act like you should feel lucky to be there and not that they should be lucky to have your patronage.
2	I really wanted to love this place but unfortunately my check-in experience left me very disappointed and pretty much skewed my whole impression of the place towards the negative side.  Mercedes helped us and was pretty unfriendly, unprofessional and incompetent.  My family and I were here for a wedding and had reserved two rooms with two queen beds which I had specified needed to be next to each other.  These reservations were pre-paid and supposed to be guaranteed but it turned out that they "ran out of double rooms" which was a big disappointment and very inconvenient but would've been easier to accept had Mercedes been more apologetic - she proceeded to try and say that I did not in fact reserve a double (said with attitude), so I had to show her my printed out reservation which clearly said "two double queens" and then when she realized she was in the wrong, gave a bit more of the attitude! On top of that, she could not put our rooms nearby- in fact they were 20 rooms apart!!Unbelievable!! Totally inconvenient since I was traveling with two young children and two elderly grandparents.  To make a long story short, the front desk is really where the first impression is made.  When you have incompetent, unprofessional people working there, it just makes the whole establishment look really bad! The service throughout the rest of the resort was hit or miss and always slow: you either got someone really helpful (the bellboy) or a complete idiot (waitress at the pool), there's no consistency or high standard for great service here.  The room itself was nice and spacious, however not ideal when traveling with kids: no locks on bathroom door, mini bar and snack bar that's very easily accessible to kids (you get charged for just picking something up) and no kids' channels on TV.  The casino wasn't very impressive- no one was really hitting anything, there's not a great variety of machines, and good luck trying to get a drink! I could go on and on about all of my disappointments but lets just say that I will not be going back here.  I'm giving two stars for the few individuals that actually were trying to do their job well.
4	AmazinglyBeautiful, but the pool girls who automatically get 18% gratuity, suck a** when it comes to service....
5	I am a regular; not a big gambler here, but I like the Military Monday promotion.  I also like the movie joint, the bowling alley, and the restaurants.  There is also a nice spa attached and a night club, and a pool.  The pool is nice!Parking has never been an issue.  Inside secret, go to east lot/garage and not west.  East always easy to park, west almost always hard.Great locals place with lots to do.
5	Can I say amazing customer service?!?!  I am soooooo impressed that Jason remember us from over a year ago.   I love great customer service!!! That is always a plus on my list!  Brad is off to a great start too!  Stay tuned... It's only 130pm more details to follow!!!!!  Thank you for cabana service.
5	We visited Red Rock Casino and stayed Sunday June 1st through Wed June 4th.  The trip was booked as part of a Southwest Airlines Vacation package. The price for two with airfare and room was 1K total.  We rented a car at the airport and had an easy drive to Red Rocks on 215.  We went to the hotel entrance at the back of the property to the east- where they have valet. Karen checked us in at registration. We requested a smoking room ( along with another couple traveling with us) they did not have two rooms for smoking but offered to move us the next day when a room opened up.  The smoking rooms are limited and on the 19th floor only- at the far end of the building.  Since the primary elevator is on the east end on the hotel building it is a longer walk to the rooms.  If you do not have a smoking preference try to ask for a room near the elevator. We asked for a room with the red rocks/ pool view. It was nice.  The other side has views of the strip which were pretty at night- so you can not go wrong with either choice- but ask for a higher floor. To access an elevator you use your room key and then press the up button. Nice safety feature. The rooms are beautiful and clean. A variety of pillows- hard and soft. Very deep tub and nice walk in shower. There is a scale and hair dryer in the room too.  Each room has a door bell! Inside the room you can press a button to signal of maid service or a do not disturb that displays on the outside door bell.  We did not use or disturb the snack bar contents or refrigerator so no extra charges.  We packed a folding cooler and brought in some pop and liquor in our suit case that we bought at a store before going to the hotel. They do not permit outside beverages coolers or cases to be brought in.  There is an ice machine room about in the middle of the hotel on each floor.  The safe in the closet was easy to use and convenient to store valuables and cash.  There is a pool only elevator about half way in the middle of each floor. It goes down to an entry to the pool area. At the pool area there is an attendant that asks for your room key and swipes the card to insure you are a guest.  You can also access the pool through doors from the main elevator on the east side and from doors along the edge of the casino and food court.  Food and beverage ( except their Starbucks drinks) can not be brought to the pool area.  Note- a faster way to get to the end rooms during pool hours is to cut across the pool and take the pool elevator to your floor.  The pool closed at 6pm. We went down one day and found shaded areas on the east side before the sun came over. It did not get too hot until after the sun came full over the building.  We bought some beverages at the Sandbar.  The server told us the gratuity was added to the charge. A virgin pina colada was  only $6 and very yummy. As it was mid week not a lot of families at the pool. We at several times at the food court. Easy and inexpensive. Rubios has excellent fish tacos and enchilada dinners. Fat burger rocked- wonderful burgers!  Ate at Panda express- always decent. Villa Pizza was just so so- pizza and calzone bland. Aunt Annies pretzels has pretzel dogs.  We also ate at Feast buffet for breakfast (6.99 with players card) and Lunch (8.99 with players card).  Great value, selection and quality! The breakfast was outstanding- so much variety. Hint- walk the entire buffet including the center salad area before deciding what to eat.  You will be glad you did ! they even had cream of wheat grits and oatmeal!! Hot and fresh- made to order omelets- lunch had carved ham, turkey, pork- bbq chicken- lots of international choices and save room for a piece of pie or the toffee pudding. Outstanding!  There is a special line for hotel guests so the wait for the buffet is much less than for the walk in quests. We did not have time to visit the other restaurants but they looked very nice.  We did not visit the theater or bowling center but they looked very nice and were busy.  Gambling- they had all but my favorite game Let it Ride. Sort of a bummer. We played $5 Mississippi Stud. Several slots- Kitty Glitter- electronic craps and event did a round of bingo on the Oh so easy to use electronic machine. you buy your cards / package at the bingo sales counter- get a machine- enter your receipt number and walla- All your cards and marked automatically as you play with the best cards showing in the screen. When one number from a win it beeps and if you win it chimes a song ( but you still must yell bingo and raise your hand). Plus two free drinks are included from the bar area for each session.  We had a blast trying this and you can play for an hour for a $20 spot- more if you like!Service was efficient and friendly- The resort has a nice vibe- open- clean- classy.  Yes- it is off the strip but only about 20 minute drive away. A wonderful place for families and couples- not a party spot. We will be back!!!
1	Yelper Travis V is correct, this hotel has poor public relations. I booked 4 rooms for my family and extended family. Two of these rooms were the suites. 1 star for customer service and 4 stars for all the amenities you can do here.I phoned twice ahead of time to get rooms on the same floor. we arrived at 2pm our rooms were not ready until a few minutes before 6pm! Also we were not given keys to the pool when we arrived and waited 2.5 hrs and only 1 of 4 rooms was available. One of the rooms that was ready had a broken shower spigot. Then another room came avail so half of us moved to that room which their shower drain smelled like a sewer and had to be unclogged.When our suites were finally ready at nearly 6pm the room smelled bad. My 1 yr old & 5 yr old grand kids opened the master room drawers and found condoms and the table tops were all dirty which we didn't want to touch anything. I immediately called and asked for a front desk manager. A lady (forgot her name) answered and I explained what happened, yet she wasn't apologetic and I told her to send someone up to dispose of it and re clean the room. Granted by this time we had moved rooms twice already and we were all exhausted. Housekeeping manager Miguel (who seemed pleasant) and another lady came to remove the items & said they would get back to me on room change but never did. It was about 6:30pm by the time we unpacked 4.5 hrs after arrival! Another manager named Deno was very pleasant and made things right on our bill. Besides all the bad luck we had at this hotel it has a great bowling alley, movies, restaurants, and a great kid friendly lagoon style pool area. This place has it all and you don't even have to leave the area. However, bad track record for customer service.
4	Staff at the sports bar provide an excellent service.
5	Great place to be...very friendly staff. Always have something to do from gambling, dining and even watching the latest movie. Got to check out the pool during the warmer it's wonderful and the bowling alley worth checking out. I would bring my friends and family here in the future.
4	I never actually stayed here overnight but came visit others who had rooms. I was here last year for my brother and his wife's wedding. My parents, brother's and several others were staying at the Red Rock Casino. I was pleasantly pleased with this hotel! This hotel tops off many of the bigger hotels on the strip. It was clean, modern, and up to date. The interior decoration has a very clean look. I went in the next day to the bridal suite and it was much bigger and spacious. They had some pretty nice restaurants also. I would definitely recommend staying here if you drop in at Vegas. it might not be near the strip but it's worth the price, sleeping in a lofty and comfortable hotel!
3	Decent hotel, but worst check out experience in a long time. Prime time and you only have two people at the desk. Seems a little absurd. In room check out not working = fail.
2	There is a definite problem with the hospitality  staff.  I'd say 20% of them are great the other 80% don't give a crap.The Casino is a bit cheesy and cookie cutter.The rooms are decorated and designed nicely but the bones of the structure are poor.  Heavy doors which slam shut, two feet away from each other.  When your neighbor comes home at 3am, your door will rattle as well and wake you up.  The hotel check in area was also difficult to find.
5	Years ago I booked a room here at the Red Rock and I had a great night.  One that I have never forgot.  Red Rock definately added to the experience and I wouldn't hesitate to book another night there.The resort is located in the Sumerlin area and so you're not going to get the riff raff that the strip has.  Sumerlin is where Sun City is and that where a lot of well to do retirees live.  Now if you're looking for action, then yeah...  It's out of the way and you'll be disappointed it's so far away from the strip (about a 20 minute drive away).  However, the drive to the strip isn't grueling.
5	My favorite local casino. Hands down. So much to say!Movie theatre, check! Yard house Restuarant, check!Some bars, checkSalon, awesome!  Love Michael Scott!!Pool, beautiful... Although you have to be a guest to go..  BooConcerts, Sand bar, awesome!!Then steak house, T Bone Streak, fantastic!!Love this place. Another reason I don't leave Summerlin!
4	Based just on the movie theater ... I love this theater. So clean and spacious. Great seating.  Will def be comming here more often
5	Beautiful Casino. I haven't stayed at the Hotel, though I have heard from those who have that it's gorgeous. The Casino is spacious, has many many many good games and good table games, with friendly dealers. Good Bingo room, brightly lit, well attended. The Buffet is EXCELLENT with well prepared, good food, and good variety, also. A Five out of Five from me!
5	This was my second stay out at the Red Rock and for those looking for something off strip, you cannot go wrong here. The rooms are comfortable and I absolutely LOVE the huge soaking tub with TV. If possible, ask for a Red Rock view room and be sure to spend an hour out at Red Rock one morning.
5	First things first: do not stay here if the strip is where you desire. Yes, they shuttle you there and its not far, but this place was made to be a resort you don't have to leave. And man, I had no problem there. Having been to Vegas before, this was by far the best place to stay at. The resort is gorgeous; the pools are beautiful, the restaurants are amazing, and the place glitters like Emerald City. Sure, the bars close a little early during the week, but there are so many activities to do and places to eat and congregate, a week there was not enough. Come here to get Vegas, but relaxation too. You will not regret it. It is pricey, but see below! LIVING SOCIAL gave me an amazing deal, please look into it!
1	1 star for clean rooms and a pretty resort. Unfortunately, that's where it stops. Staff is unaccommodating.  Due to an emergency, I needed to check out 24 hours early. Their policy is, a three day notice prior to cancellation. My entire stay was 3 days, there was no way of knowing that I would need to check out early, therefor I was charged for a day that I was not there. This was not a week end day!  They are understaffed, my wait to check in on a Monday, was 35 minutes with only 4 people in front of me. The other issue was, I called the concierge for much needed info, I was left on hold for 10 min each time on two attempts. The 3rd attempt I was told she would call back....she did not. There are plenty of casinos that treat their guests well...this is NOT one of them.
5	When visiting Vegas, I always like to spend a little time off strip. Catch up with old friends who still live in Vegas and catch the last rays of sun before I have to hop on a plane to head back home.What I like about Red Rock is the down time I get to enjoy. I spent most of my time by the pool. Sometime at the bowling alley, a little time playing Bingo and considered going to a movie, but we had an early flight and headed to bed. There is no lack of things to do and it is one of the few places I think it would be alright to bring kids. Played some poker here too, it's a very local scene, so players know each other pretty well, so the game can run very loose aggressive and showdowns often involved one weak ace vs another. Hmph. The hotel is very clean, the rooms are nice and modern with a great view of the pools if you go for an even number room. Super comfortable beds, a nice oversized bathtub with a small TV for keeping up on soccer matches. :)
4	love the place
4	Great stay and amenities.  Biggest annoyance was long lines for check in and if you wanted to check out and get a print out long lines.  Hire people that will expedite exit and entrance would be my only comment...then it would have been a perfect stay.
1	I was very disappointed by the poor customer service when checking into the casino. Having purchased a Groupon promotion that was supposed to include a $50 resort credit, I was denied the $50 resort credit even though I read the terms and fine print to the manager which had no minimum stay requirements. Don't purchase this Groupon if you are expecting a $50 resort credit. The registration desk manager obviously doesn't believe in customer satisfaction.
5	STEGGS AT RED ROCK CASINO & HOTEL.Steggs = steak and eggs. It's seriously the best place to get a medium-rare steak or country fried chicken with a side of crispy hash browns and toast for a price of $6. The portions are huge and they cook their dishes to perfection. BTW they make their own strawberry jelly! That's right, they give it out with your toast in a small little jar. So cute.It's a great get together for large groups, because their steak and egg menu is at night so there is NO WAIT. I'm always here with my buddies during summer. You know we're just a bunch of broke college students getting hungry in the middle of the night.The only catch is AT LEAST one of your friends MUST have a rewards gambling card to get accessed to the steggs menu. You get the rewards card for free and you don't have to gamble. If you show that your table has one rewards card, then your whole table gets the cheap menu.
5	Stayed here for one night. As a local we have never stayed at a local hotel. The opportunity came up for a free room so we did it. We would absolutely do it again!  This hotel was perfect. The room was amazing (16111)!  Great view, clean, great amenities and a fully stocked refrigerator. The pool was great and the restaurants were great too. Couldn't have been happier.
2	Always have been happy with red rock until this time. I don't think they are used to having large groups of people or being fully booked. Although I have been here for seminar and it was a very good experience then. This time I had to line up 3 - 4 times at the front desk to check if our room is ready despite fact that they already sent a text it is. On top of that the lady front desk who was just being helpful was reprimanded by Juan, male front desk for being helpful.Anyways 3 long lines and 4 1/2 hours later - we got our room. Not even as little as "sorry for the inconvenience". Too bad I always enjoyed red rock and just one incident/person will turn it completely around!
5	This was a great place to stay....I am happy we upgraded our room....It was beautiful and well worth it.....Loved being able to see a chick flick because the movie theater is on site.....Gaming area was clean and the dealers were nice......The pool was huge and beautiful.......We will be back
4	Our stay was 5 nights in June 2014. My rating is a 'soft' 4 stars. Overall our stay was a good one. We travel to Las Vegas often and have grown tired of the chaotic tourist trap of the strip. So off the strip we go....I liked the far more mellow tempo of RRR.  We had a rental car ( you're crazy if you stay here without one) so visiting the strip or downtown was quite easy. Valet service here is top notch and very appreciated! I like the casino very much with its current and varied slot choices...and for me they were loose and fun! The food choices as well are varied and good..from food court to high end choices.  I personally liked the Grand Cafe and found it priced right and good service. The room we were kindly upgraded to was stylish and had a good view of the canyon. It was mostly clean with minor missed areas and the housekeeping came early each day. Always tip your housekeepers...they earn it. The bathroom was very nice with robes and soaking tub. One complaint or warning I would pass on is the incredible distance from the elevators to the last rooms down the hall...literally the longest hall I've ever experienced. .so ask at check in where your room is in relation to the elevators! The other minor but worth mentioning concern was the abundance of children at the pool...we simply are not that kid friendly and found all the screaming and splashing to be a bit much...but also understand they have a right to a good time. Food and drinks at the pool were good and above average. Staff throughout were helpful though perhaps some, just some, of the waitresses at the pool were pretty much more concerned about their looks than with quality service.  Overall a good experience staying here and yes we would recommend RRR to those looking for an off strip change of pace.
2	First time here and ambience is great. Wholesome atmosphere. Has a movie theater, bowling alley and pool. Great customer service...not really! Down falls: 1) Very long hallways. Prepare to walk. 2) Part of the pool area had a foul smell of sewage. Looks like it was coming from the construction work being done right beside the pool. 3) Day 2 our card keys would not work. Had to go back several times before they had someone come up with me and try it out and was told "could be the lock that has a problem, will send up an engineer to fix it". Waited for over an hour while the rest of my party was enjoying themselves. Decided to call front desk and they said it may take hours for one available. Took 2 hours before engineer fixed it and AGAIN keys would not work! How it got resolved, I had to SACRIFICE my night and stay in the room so that we could have access to the room.  Receptionist that came up to see for herself that card isn't working told us nothing can be done, can't move us either because they fully booked and guy on the walkie talkie which she was talking to said we have to wait until tomorrow. To be exact, 9 hours of walking the long hall and going up and down the stairs several times just because of that stupid card keys and door lock. I WASTED a day in this hotel! Wanna waste your money and time stay here.
1	HOTEL: Not impressed with the food or service at Red Rock at all.  We were supposed to have a suite or two connected rooms but were given two separate rooms.  We were told they had no such suites at the hotel.  The first night we didn't need the second room as our guest had not yet arrived, they tried to charge us for an empty room across the hall.  At checkout they said, "you didn't use the wifi, or this or that ... oh, no one told you it was free? No one gave you the info packet about all the things that are included with your room?"  NO!   All in all the room(s) ended up costing twice as much as we booked.  We were supposed to be VIPs but the office was closed ... huh?  What's that got to do with it?  You'll have to wait until tomorrow to be important, sorry.RESTAURANTS: None of the chefs at Red Rock deserves the title, chef.  Every meal had to be sent back.  Every one, even the steak at their fine dining restaurant.   When you encrust a steak with peppercorns you have to use CRACKED PEPPERCORNS!  Not whole rock hard peppercorns.  After nearly breaking a few teeth, literally, and hurting my jaw I said, F' this, and sent it back.  It was as if my steak was covered in pebbles.  Enjoy!Let me make a suggestion to the wait staff at the T bones, get and read the book, How To Win Friends and Influence People.  Our waiter was overly chummy and told me all about himself and his fantastically huge home, cars and wine cellar.  If you've read the book you know if someone has read it or not.  This man clearly had not.  (Until you've read it, you don't know why you should.  If you read it later in life, you'll probably be embarrassed that you didn't read it sooner.)For some unknown reason the bartender/waiter at the bar in the cafe seemed to dislike me for sitting down and being alive.  He seemed annoyed just to be doing his job.  I ordered the bacon platter that came with 3 pieces of burnt bacon.  My breakfast looked like the bottom plate in a busser's tray.  I looked around and every other plate I could see looked great.  Why mine looked like crap, I don't know.  I was able to eat the two eggs, that was it.  Oddly, the next day, in the cafe, when I had four young girls with me he was very nice and catered to them quickly, same attitude toward me though, maybe worse.  His efforts and attention were completely misdirected.  The girls aren't giving him a tip, I am, or in this case probably not.  This day the bacon platter had 6 pieces of bacon.  Standards anyone?  Naaaa ... Here's one interaction: May I have a blueberry bagel? Ok. ... Excuse me, I haven't gotten my bagel. Here (crash)... Excuse me, this isn't blueberry.  We're out of blueberry.Well, I don't want onion.  What else do you have?Water.Ok, I'll have that....Excuse me, I haven't gotten my bagel ... ... (crash)Should I just come back there and do it myself?  (I didn't say that, but I should have.)POOL AREA: The music at the pool area was age appropriate for teenagers sixteen and under.  The average age of people at the pool - 50!  Teenagers aren't paying bills and tipping!  Why would they cater to them?  It's idiotic.  Here's an idea, open your eyes and point them in the direction of the pool area, guess the average age of the people there, let it sink into your brain then turn off that crap music.   Silence would be much better than the sound of a dying cat combined with a repeatedly slamming door.  Also, is VPL part of the uniform of the waitresses at the pool?  The best thing, by far, at Red Rock are the bellmen, doormen and valets.  I gave them the biggest tips.  They were the only one's who deserved a tip.
5	One of the nicest hotels I have stated at ever. This was my fifth trip to vegas and decided to stay off the strip for a more laid back option. This was beyond any of my expectations.
1	Horrible lost and found security manager and supervisor never found our dressing shirts that were left behind in closet house keeping did not do there job right had two stay extra days because staff said nuthing showed up called 2 weeks later still nuthing all there was to say no luck sorry not even complementary stay or right us a check for the stolen items they didn't even care horrible customer service worst experience
2	It's a very pretty hotel. Rooms are spacious but was not that impressed with many things. First it's a room for two and there's only one robe. Usually rooms come with at least three towels. This one had two bath and one each of the other two sizes. Only one glass so I requested two more. The next day when they cleaned, they didn't even replace them.  We've been here three days and on the first day I had eaten some starbursts. Wrappers are still by my bed three days later. Not to mention there were lipstick marks on the mirror. They're still there. This is suppose to be a resort and there's not even a coffee maker in the room. I would have thought there were free movies in the room. NOT!! The website said there was a free shuttle to the strip but it's only from 11:00 am to 10:00pm. If the last shuttle was full it would cost you $50 for a cab.  So if you plan on going to the strip late, not a good idea. It's a pretty pricy hotel and in my opinion not worth with it being so far from the strip. The pool was good. There are a few sizes and plenty of seating around but none in the shade. We ordered nachos and when the plate came out not worth the money. It cost $7.00 and there were like 7 chips. Then we asked about more chips  and it would have cost $3.00 more. We had a bottle of water and they told us we couldn't bring it in because the bar has water and we'd have to buy it there. The buffet is actually pretty good but not at lunch. Don't recommend it. Get the players card because you get a discount if you have it. So get it! So like I said, for the price you are paying here you could get a room on the strip and be closer to the fun.DO NOT RECOMMEND STAYING HERE
5	Set the bar very high for local casino/off strip. Extremely nice and clean.  I love it every time I'm there.
5	Red Rock is awesome! It's always been my local casino! It has everything a person could need...bars, restaurants, a bowling alley, movie theaters and gambling. Recently going through some renovations and upgrades, new restaurants going in. It's bound to be better than ever! Mercadito's just opened and soon Hearthstone to follow, they are sure to last! With a new noodle bar coming in too...just you wait and see!
4	We are huge fans of the Red Rock Casino/resort.  Great for locals yet has enough bling to attract visitors.  Don't let the Flintstones vibe the exterior gives off fool you!  Although we kinda like it :)The hotel rooms are modern with an elegant touch.  Must have been recently remodeled.  Clean lines on the furniture but the colors are more on the brown and burgundy side.  Its a nice change of pace from the Ultra White and Grey vibe you would get with the trendy strip hotels.  We've stayed there a couple of times and the rooms have 40 inch flat screens, marble bathroom counters and a sizable bath tub.  If you are bored but don't wanna drive around town looking for food and entertainment, there are decent sit-down restaurants, a food court, as well as a bowling alley and movie theatre on the premises.  The pool is also pretty solid but definitely book a cabana where there's guaranteed shade.  The summer sun is ridiculously dangerous here in Vegas.If you are looking for a solid hotel that's off strip, give red rock a shot!
1	I always kinda liked Red Rock ... until today.I was playing 2-5 NL at the Poker Room and their employee "Jennifer" approched me I had to change tables because of some rule or whatever... Everybody at the table disagreed with her - it was no longer a must-move table - whatever. I politely said "No, I'd like to stay here" She said that I must ask you to leave the poker room. I said "You really want that" - She just shook her shoulders and walked off. I raised the issue with Jason, the floor manager - he was trying to accomodate me but Jennifer was contantly blabbering in between our conversation. Very disrespectful. She seems to be some wanna-be bouncer at Red Rock.Needless to say I will take my business somewhere else in the future.
5	Great hotel, really impressed with the service & the quality of the room. Had room service & the lady set up our plates, pored our coffee & was super friendly. The bed (king) was new & super comfortable. Great weekend.
5	Bye far one of my fav casinos -- smoking free rooms that are smoking free. I didn't realize it was a station casino because I haven't seen any advertisement saying it was. First time ever nearly hitting my first largest pay out to date 200 bucks off of 20 dollars !!!. I was playing a few penny slots bye the b 3 parking lot ( not shure where that is in the building however near to buffet I think. ) I hit several large pay outs and nearly doubled my first bet then got more off a huge 175 dollar pay out on a penny machine. I haven't tried the food either the buffet, nor restaurant attached to them aka bbq restaurant and so forth. However with the amount of fun I had I will be pulling my folks from going to the strip and rather playing here. The casino floor was very clean i.e. meaning no beer bottles, plastic cups, cig butts in ash trays ever in the main room . I was impressed with the overall layout  = meaning signage this way to here etc.. When I went to ceasers palace the other day I got lost several times coming from vip parking. Overall fun experience played 20 bucks for about 2 hours you can't beat that any where. I know this is not typical however I was very happy with time spent vs winning . Will be back
5	Great hotel! Beautiful casino, rooms are huge and clean. We ate at Lucille's and mercadito. Both were accommodating to our large party. Pool was great. The staff all around was pleasant. We had to great dealers, Mark Anthony and Charlie. A lot of fun!
2	We had such a wonderful time, service was great,  it was clean, the staff went out of their way to help you. However, I would have given it five stars but for our bad experience with the Blackjack dealer named Helen, she was very rude to me, a beginner, she needs to repeat her customer service training again and realize there's a better way to correct someone. So if you see her table, keep walking.
4	I don't frequently visit this other Station Casino masterpiece but when I do, I am lovin it!!! They got bars all over, a magnificent pool area and state of the art movie theatre and concert venue and did I mentioned it is just minutes away from Red Rock Canyon, how sweet is that.  Must see and highly recommended!!!
4	This place was awesome our rooms where clean and spacious and we were lucky enough to get a beautiful view of Las Vegas and the strip. The rooms have a full window and allows you open the drapes from wall to wall, nothing like going to sleep with a beautiful view and waking up looking at the clouds in the sky, very peaceful. The air conditioning worked wonderfully and ran at 65 degrees during my stay. The pools were great and it wasn't crowded. It is far away from the strip but it is peaceful with a relaxed atmosphere.The kids have so many options with the movies, boweling and arcade. So many choices of places to eat, food court  yard house, and lucille's. Things that need to be worked on to make this place 5 stars is the free WiFi never is in service and won't connect and you get awful cell connection. The Grand cafe service is slow, waited an hour for 2 chicken Ceasars salads and a burger with fries.  Hopefully these little things will get better cause I can't wait to come back and explore the other side of Vegas red rock national mountains. Loved it
5	I had a nice stay at this hotel in June during the EDC weekend. I had two packages delivered to the hotel before (they accept your mail 30 days prior to your stay). USPS package arrives at the concierge and is free of charge and UPS package arrived at the business center and had a 5$ receiving fee. The business center also has very restricted opening hours. The room was clean with a nice view/overview on the strip.They lack a coffee maker or any other kitchen stuff.The pool area is pretty big. The water is shallow, forget about swimming there. The pool staff is hand picked. All of them are very young and have very fit bodies.The spa/gym area is relatively nice with an extra pool for swimming, cardio machines with tvs, some work out machines and barbells.The sauna as always in the US lacks important elements as a sand-timer or a clock in sight, a thermometer and instructions on how to use a sauna as most Americans don't know what to do. Some go in there clothed, with a bottle of water and without a towel, stay there for a few minutes and don't even take a cold Bath/shower afterwards.Inavoidable resort fee is 28.
3	We have stayed here many times over the years....our most recent visit was the same as the rest...3 stars--A-OK. This isn't Bellagio,Wynn or Aria..so don't expect that kind of service. For the price..you do get a decent bang for your buck!! Rooms are quite modern and always clean...bathrooms big and beautiful. We love the swimming area..lots of pools to choose from..and plenty of room to wander around. Having a movie theatre at the resort is a big plus...their food court has lots of choices....t-Bones is a decent steak house..and their sports book is way better than average. Blackjack betting areas are only OK...seem to cater more to the locals more than the tourists. Concierge printed our boarding passes on time....never any issues here. Its a breathe of fresh air away from the hustle and bustle of the strip.
4	I recently stayed at the Red Rock hotel with my wife and children. Let me tell it was a fantastic experience.  Outstanding service great room and the view that will give you a new appreciation for God's creation. We were on the 18th floor with a mountain view of the red rocks. You wake up in the morning and you look at that it gives you a new appreciation for life. They have done a great job of laying out the casino in terms of keeping the adult activities spaced away from where the children's activities are. They have Kids Park that will watch your children well into the morning hours so you and friends or your spouse can enjoy the hotel accommodations or all of the other amenities that the city has to offer. The hotel also has a bowling alley and movie theater. The pool is AMAZING great for a family and for single adults as well. They all have private waiting pools with cabanas and plenty of no reserved lounging and seating areas. It's also only a 20 minute drive from the Las Vegas bled. This is must try place
4	If you want to take the Family to Vegas this is the place. The family package that includes 2 nights stay for 2 kids and 2 adults, including 4 movie theater passes, 4 bowling passes, buffet credit is a good deal. It works out for everyone, kids have a good time and parents do some gambling....everyone wins. The only downside is that it's about 20 min away from the strip. Other than that its great.
5	We visit often, however, we have yet to stay the night since we are locals and prices are a bit high. Red rock is beautiful inside and has all of our favorites including great restaurants, great bands play at the venues, and bowling. Lucille's and Yard House are top restaurants here. Parking is always a breeze and everyone is soo nice :-)
4	I say I come here every year for one confernce and that is hip hop international. Which happens usually around august of every year. This hotel resort has enough space to house over 50 teams from all over the world who compete for the gold medal. Lots of nice views from the pool and cafe and buffets all around. The pool area is fantastic and beautiful. Make sure to bring your bathingsuit but they provide you with towels.  Eat drink, and gamble.
5	I had such a great time at the GOO GOO DOLLS Show ... Friday August 1, This was the BEST SHOW EVER........   They are my favorite Band ... Me & my friends had such a wonderful time and we stayed at the hotel as well. .... Didn't have to drive home.... I LOVE LAS VEGAS AND RED ROCKS 4EVER
5	this casino has everything : movies bowljng , gambeling. i higly recomend this place for families , it has preattty good food and a big food court. also the poker room it preatty decent! go play and gamble !
2	It is Friday August 8 2014 and I am at the Red Rock for the Hip Hop Championships. Checked in to my kids' room yesterday and was told that the adjoining room for my husband and myself would be ready early this morning after 11 am check out. I ended up waiting the entire day for the room after calling and visiting the front desk more than 5 times only to find at 4:30 pm that the room was still occupied by the previous night's guests! A detailed account of my experience is below but suffice it to say that 5 staff members throughout the day decided that this very important detail was not worth mentioning even when I expressed concern because the guests next door were obviously partying late into the night.It could be a very nice hotel if it had better customer service.The plus side:-lots of restaurants-relaxing modern dark brown color scheme-nice pool-security dealt with a loud noise issue immediately when I called to complainThe negatives:-not the best housekeeping (dusty room)-can't recommend the Grand Cafe - water glasses smell like my dog when she needs a bath and the waitress could not give us correct info about the menu and didn't get our order right. The coffee was also terrible.-front desk staff does not provide accurate informationI hope this review helps someone make a decision about the hotel, but more importantly, I hope that it helps the hotel improve on their customer service.Details of my room issue:Went to front desk after noon and asked about the status. Told that the room was not ready yet and to check back later. They said they would put a "rush" on the room. Went back at 2:30pm and was told again the room was not ready. Since I was awakened at 3:00 am by loud laughing and other "strange" noises from the adjoining room, I was concerned and asked if there was a problem. Was told that they only knew the room was not yet cleaned and that they would call my cell phone when it was available. I asked if I could check in and just come down to get the keys when it was ready, they said no. Went back to wait in my kids room.At 3:20pm (past check in time) I decided to call the front desk and was told that the room was not yet ready. I asked again if there was a problem and told them that I wanted to unpack and use the shower. I was told that I would get a call when it was ready.At 4:00 pm I called again and spoke to Minnie. She said that the room was not ready but that I had to come downstairs to "pre-check" in. I explained that I was told earlier that I could not check in until the room was ready. She said she would check and call me back. I asked her to please call back within 10 minutes since I was tired of waiting in the kids' room. She promised she would.At 4:15, still no call but I heard a knock on the door of the adjoining room. Opened my door to see a housekeeper standing at the door. I asked her if the room was ready. She said she was checking - she opened the door, quickly closed it, and said that "they" were still there. "They" were obviously the loud guests from the night before.I hurried downstairs to complain that no one had bothered to tell me that the guests from the previous night had not yet left. If I had known that, I would have asked them to get me another room instead of waiting for 4 hours in my kids room thinking I would get a call any minute to check in.Maria, an assistant manager, apologized and gave me another room but she said that there were no adjoining rooms available for my kids. By this time I am exhausted waiting for my room and for my shower so I take the room, despite the fact that my kids are still in a room next to people who party (loudly) late into the night. Called Patrick Wallace, the manager twice to ask him to call me about the problem but no response yet.
4	A favorite local's casino! The casino floor layout is easy to navigate, staff is friendly and helpful, and they have a great sports book.There are plenty of dining options, and entertainment options as well, they have a nice movie theater and huge bowling alley.
4	I've been here for Sunday Brunch and was not disappointed, the brunch was great.  This time I came to stay!The room was nice, the view of the Strip in the distance was really nice.  It was a long walk from the elevator to the room however.Spacious room, spacious bathroom, nice work area.  Parking was quick and easy.  The hotel has one place to valet the car, the casino another.  So, unlike many casinos you do not have to check in and walk through the casino to get to the rooms.  What a nice touch!Upshot:  this is a great place to stay off the Strip.  The Strip is so difficult to navigate these days, spots like the Red Rock are where to go.
1	****DO NOT BOOK HERE IF YOU NEED SPECIFIC ROOM TYPE**** I have never felt compelled to write a review good or bad until this weekend. We booked 8 double rooms for 3 nights each. To make a long story short, 3 of the rooms were moved to kings because they were oversold on doubles.  Having worked in the hospitality industry for over 20 years, I understand that these situations happen. What I don't understand is why Red Rock did not make any effort  to rectify their mistake.  The front desk agents continually lied to me stating that we had a double room and it was just not ready, the Manager on Duty had no empathy for our situation, took no accountability for what happened, offered zero solutions (how did they expect a family of 4 to sleep in one king bed???) and no one from upper management followed up with me. And we weren't the only ones whose reservations were not being honored. There were plenty of other families at the front desk experiencing what we were going through that day.To make matters worse, found out that other friends who checked in after us got doubles, someone who checked in night after was bumped from king to a double (they couldn't follow up with anyone in a king to see if they wanted to move so someone didn't have to sleep on floor?) and others were given financial compensation. We've stayed for 3 years in a row.  Each year someone we know has had a similar experience. Guess we're slow learners and our luck finally wore out. We will NEVER recommend this hotel to anyone again. The kids love this hotel so it's a shame that this happened the way it did. Also this year the pool water was exceptionally dirty: water was not clear, cups, plastic ware and wads of phlegm floating around us. So if you still book here after reading this and don't get the room type you reserved, don't say I didn't warn you.
1	Do not stay here. I reserved two rooms at this hotel for my family based on the positive reviews on yelp. It was horrible. 1) High resort fees on two rooms, 2) the rooms were spacious but they smelled of vomit and tobacco and they gave us only one towel per room, 3) our room was not ready until 6:00 pm and the pool closed at 8:00 pm, 4) the rooms were far apart from each other, 5) only one elevator worked with hundreds of teens at a conference riding up and down, 6) too far from the strip, 7) no vending and ice machines, 8) no prices on in-room refrigerator, and 9) the place was like O'Hare airport. It was not relaxing. When I complained to the desk, they apologized and said they had a lot of kids this weekend. Unbelievable. I will never stay here again.
1	Awful customer service. Arrived at 4:00 pm (check in 3:00) and room was not ready. Came back at 5:00 and room still not ready. There was a 10 minute wait for each desk trip. Was given another room which had dirty dishware outside that stayed until the next day. Bags of laundry were also in the hallway for several hours. First night I used the bathtub and it took forever to drain and the faucet dripped all night. I put a towel in to muffle the sound. Next night I used the shower and the faucet handle fell off!  Told the desk at checkout and she said "thank you."  Really? I don't think she even apologized. Checked with the hotel desk checkout morning for the airport shuttle time. 12:00 she said. Perfect. Come down to get the shuttle but it left at 11:00. To get to the airport I now have to pay almost $60 before tip as the next shuttle leaves at 1:00. For $100+ a night, your money is better spent at Caesars or the Venetian where the hotel and service are impeccable.
2	Having stayed 4 nights with an initial problem described in my first review, I have to say that there are definitely some pluses but the customer service at the front desk is still abysmal. Checking out, not one person smiled at any customer, there were no "I hope you enjoyed your stay" or "Please come back soon" type of comments to be heard. These are, IMO, essential service points at any hotel. On the plus side, the service when calling through the room operator is good, hangers brought up quickly, electrical issues resolved smoothly. Also, the movie theater and food court come in very handy for good entertainment and quick snacks. Valet parking attendants are courteous.Improving front desk service, fixing the slow elevators, and adding coffee/water in rooms would bring this hotel up to the level of other hotels I've used in Las Vegas like the Signature MGM and The Venetian.
1	I am a fan of a Red Rock Casino until this recent visit. I am writing this as my husband is driving us out of the resort. I purchased the Family Package which includes a minimum 2 night stay, 4 free bowling games, and 4 movie tickets. As I checked in the front desk advised that their process changed on the movie tickets and that I was to ask for the movie theater to charge to the room. So we went and planned to watch a movie, waited in line and got to the purchasing window only to be embarassed in that they had no idea what I was talking about and they were not able to charge to the room. I called the Front Desk was placed on hold for 18 minutes while she called the movie theater to clear things up. Never getting back to the line after 20 minutes I disconnected and called again - placed on hold for another 10 minutes as i requested a manager - then another 15 minutes. FINALLY after 45 minutes manager MARIA came on the line said they could not do anything about the movie tickets and advised me to pay myself. She stated she would reduce my nightly rate by $50/night to cover for the 4 movie tickets ($44) and my inconvenience. I asked to confirm that this would be done for both nights and she confirmed. CHECK OUT TIME! So RED Rock AGAIN could not honor their word and the $50 credit was only applied to 1 night as movie tickets are only $44 and i should be happy with their $6 credit for my inconvience and poor cusomer service and FALSE advertisement. Such a poor approach to customer service from a great place. Thanks for ruining my vacation Red Rock.
5	Great Buffet, bowling alley feels state of the art. this place has restaurant selection and quality rivaling anywhere in vegas. if you play poker like me. best poker room off the strip.always recommend it to my out of town friends.
3	This review is solely based on the poker room. The games are nitty, there are annoying locals who think they are better than everyone else. Basically this is where poker players go to die. Also, the NL Hold'em games are 10-handed (versus most poker rooms where they are 9-handed) which perpetuates the nittiness. Staff is super cool though. Come here if you just want to play ABC poker against a bunch of short stacking nits.
5	This casino is very good looking both on the outside with fire and fountains and on the inside with chandeliers and grand carpets. The movie theater is nice and clean. The bowling alley is also top notch, and I know they host professional bowling tournaments there as well. There's a food court as well as top notch restaurants for dining and an arcade for kids. The Red Rock is one of my favorites.
4	Came here for a sales conference. Great resort with everything available on the property. Be aware that red rock is not anywhere near the strip.
3	This is a great, wonderful place...overall.  As long as the music in the casino, which filters into the buffet, is so loud that you can't hear yourself think and it distracts from all other experiences within, then I have to give it three stars instead of five.
1	Horrible service. Lance ( Security- right across from the cashiers booth there's a security booth, that's where his cage is). He needs to get a course on client service and learn how to speak to human beings. He's absolutely horrible.
4	Great place to take the family. They have bowling alley, movie theater, kids quest so adults can have adult time & a great pool area. Also shopping places across the way...
5	This resort is one of the nicest places I have been in a while. The staff was pleasant and very friendly. The decor was amazing. I will never stay on the strip again. I am definitely coming back for New Years!!
4	A Station brand casino, so bring them Station related perks cards and the Station buffet coupons(but not resort specific coupons)! Buffet was great and liked it a lot better than Santa Fe. Poker Room staff were all nice and place was clean, meaning it didnt reek of stale nicotine...just yet :) Cocktail staff were great in getting the orders. There are other aspects of the hotel I have yet to experience, hence only the 4 stars for now.
2	We were pretty impressed with the room and overall layout of the hotel. We asked for late checkout at Noon the night before and as we were leaving, we were commenting about how we would return..Until...Check-out time is 11 am, the housekeeper started banging on the door at 11:05, and proceeded to come into the room. I had just gotten out of the shower and was trying my best to close the door and tell her we had late checkout. She said I did not and had to leave.Two minutes later the housekeeper called me to tell me she verified I did not have late checkout and shouted at me, saying I was being charged and then slammed the phone.Housekeepers calling guests about charges?? We spent a majority of the hour talking to various managers from different departments, repeating the story about 20 times  with no outcomes.The hotel was not willing to support us, demanding we leave at 1 pm and said they would "look into the incident".  I have never experienced a  security breach from a  hotel  like  this before, and intend to take this  to a higher level.  We  called the Director of Hotel. Operations, Paulo D and have not heard from him several days later. We have yet to receive an apology.
5	The Rock is the best local casino on the West side.  Clean and staff is friendly.  The buffet is great and there's a non-smoking section of games.  This is a great date night spot or great to bring out of town guests!
5	It nice in here but I never win in here  I just don't know why I have no luck.
2	Man. We had such a weird stay at this place. My husband's family is local and we were looking for a nearby resort to stay at for visits. We are skeptical as to whether we found it at Red Rock. The pros are the staff. A lil' shout out to Ronnie who took care of us when no one else seemed able. Also, Britney at the pool really tried to get us our food, against all odds; we appreciated that. FRIDAY, 8/29: So, let's start with check-in. When I got to our room the CD player was broken and there was an old, half used bottle of lotion left by the bed. Nasty. So, I called the front desk. I wish I remembered the name of the manager who "helped" me. I think her name began with an "s", she was around 5'2" with long dark brown hair. She sucked. Her first question was short, "Well, what do you want us to do?" First, I'd like you to stop being a bitch. Barring that, could I please have a new room? She offered to send someone up to clean the room again and to look at our CD player. If I wanted to wait around for housekeeping and a maintenance man, I would have hung out with my landlord for the weekend. It was 8:30, I just wanted to settle in for a few minutes, shower, and pick up my husband at the airport. I asked for a room change, which really seemed to put her out. And when I added that our room was overlooking a parking garage and was there any way we could have a better view. she cut me off numerous times, assuming she had some idea of what I was going to say. We didn't care if we were looking at the pool or Red Rock--I was perfectly happy to look at the strip, I just preferred not to look at Level 4 of the East Garage. Long story short: We were eventually moved and got a better room, but not before the the manager unloaded her obvious stress on me at the start of my "relaxing" weekend. I really wish I remembered her name. She was working Friday, August 29 at 8:30 pm. That's all I've got. SATURDAY, 8/30: On to Saturday. We get a couple's spa massage package. When my massage therapist calls my name, she followed through by snapping her fingers, saying in a chirpy voice, "We are just trucking through these!" That is NOT the first thing I want to hear before a massage. You're going to TRUCK through my hour of relaxation??? And truck she did. She was *fine*, (good pressure, adequate technique. Didn't really listen to my specific requests though)   but about 10 minutes before the end of my massage she says, "I'll be right back!" Is gone for two literal minutes (a long time in paid massage time), comes back and gives me the roughest head massage to finish. Seriously, I've had noogies from my brother that were more relaxing. The kicker is that she took two minutes out of my massage to deal with "maintenance issues", but didn't give me two more minutes at the end. Whatever. I headed back to the spa, with a plan to relax in the jacuzzi only to find a layer of blackened scum floating on the top. Gross. We head back up to our hotel room with a plan to hang out in our room tub and drink some bourbon. When we get back, we realize housekeeping hadn't refreshed our glasses, so we call down for clean glasses and an extra robe. An hour passes... we call down again. 30 minutes pass... we call again. 20 minutes pass and we get our requests--finally learning that they had asked housekeeping to bring us our stuff. She had been cleaning other rooms. SUNDAY, 8/31. We go out for breakfast. Come back. Our room is cleaned... and our housekeeper had respectfully chosen to leave our dirty bourbon glasses from Friday and Saturday there for us. Apparently she thought we were taking up a collection. MONDAY, 9/1: Our last day. Housekeeping comes knocking at 8 am. We hear the room key and have to wake up after a VERY LATE night, to turn the paddle lock. Pass out. 8:45, housekeeping is back. Granted, there is a DND button by the door, so it was partially our fault. But... 8 am? We're checking out in three hours.We decide to spend our last few hours hanging out by the pool. When we get there we want to order breakfast by the pool. Only "today only" they don't start serving until 10. Totally fine, but it seems like a bad call on management's part. It's a long weekend. A very busy long weekend. This is generally the last day of people's stay. Why would you make brunch an hour later? Anyway, not a bad weekend overall but, as you can see, there were quite a few glitches here and there. Also, the staff at the Red Rock were consistently helpful and pleasant (except for that stupid bitch manager... Friday, Aug. 29 @ 8:30 p.m. HATE HER)--so that's a plus. This place is fine, but it's not anything more than that. It's a shame because we live in LA and since my husband's family lives in Summerlin, we were looking for some place close to stay during our regular visits. Sadly, we may have to continue on with our search.
3	This is my 2nd time staying the resort is nice and family friendly EXCEPT for the pool area. If there is an event which happened twice while we stayed they will close the pool early and everyone has to leave. There was no notice given either. The pool closes regularly at 7 p.m. And when they close early at 3 now where do you take the kids? I give half a star on that basis and I was told that there was only an assistant manager on hand and he was busy the day I complained.
1	If I could give this a negative ten star review, I would love to! The staff is extremely rude. Everyone walks around like they didn't want to be there with long faces except the receptionist but still. Receptionist was really nice, but would of been nice if she check the schedule first. I went in ten minutes early, waiting for an interview. I was not told the person had a client, and won't be done until 1230, and the interview was at 11! After the receptionist went to the back and came back up, one of the ladies, if that's what you want to call her, receptionist told her the situation. Instead of giving an attempt of apology or try to fix the situation at first, she called me a liar a few times, and I had the wrong day for the interview, it was yesterday. The person who was suppose to interview me called me yesterday after 430, so how did I get the days mixed up? Last time I check, 430pm is after 11am of the same day. Very rude and unprofessional. If this is how you treat a potential employee, is this how you treat your current employees and guests?
3	Update on the Red Rock, on day #2 (of a four night stay) I get an email saying my reservation has been canceled! Very strange since it was pre-paid. Go the the front desk where the perky young lady tells me they had a "glitch" in the their system and they had to cancel some reservations, and then reinstate them. Problem is the email never said anything about re-instating the reservations. Note to hotel manager - learn how to communicate with your customers.
4	The wife and I stayed her for a few days last week for our anniversary.  The hotel is nicely decorated and the staff is friendly.  The rooms are decent sized, not large, not small just kind of in the middle.  The resort has ALMOST everything you could ask for to keep you there without having to go to the strip, (casino, spa, food court, upscale restaurant, movie theater, bowling alley), but the one thing they are missing is entertainment.  The act that they had coming when we were there was Asia.  I guess that would be a cool show if you're in your 50's.The spa is magnificent, great decor, nice gym.  There's even a private lap pool that is adults only so you can just sit by the pool or get in some laps without having to worry about kids getting in the way.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/red-rock-casino-resort-and-spa-las-vegas-2?select=nSRyzMe55dTLRVOgLkvxvw#nSRyzMe55dTLRVOgLkvxvwThe pool area is very nice.  There are probably about 10 different pools you can get into so if you don't want to be around the crowded main pool you can take a dip in one of the smaller pools around it.  The pool cocktail waitresses all wear skimpy red bikinis, AWESOME.  There are even a couple of gambling tables by the poolside bar that have dealers that also wear red bikinis, also AWESOME.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/red-rock-casino-resort-and-spa-las-vegas-2?select=nSRyzMe55dTLRVOgLkvxvw#_eJhlclYL4iSG9GQDWpLLgAll in all the Red Rock is a nice little resort.  The staff isn't quite as attentive as at the Encore, (I keep comparing everywhere I stay in Vegas to Encore because it was so fabulous) bu they were very nice.  About the only drawback to Red Rock is that it's so far from the strip and the shuttle only runs every other hour.  If they had shuttles that ran to the strip every hour it would be much more convenient.  Many times we had food or show reservations and had to get there over an hour early because the shuttle times weren't very convenient.
1	My wife and I love gambling at the Red Rock as it is a beautiful place however getting a rooms there is another story. You make a reservation for a room like us as we had a reservation for a non smoking king room and when we got to the front desk they told us that they only had queen beds in which they can't guarantee that you will get what you booked for as that is not at all the way to do business. They also tried to charge us for the room in which we were not going to stay in at all unless we got what we wanted as I had to fight the hotel manager for a full refund. A reservation should guarantee exactly what kind of room you are requesting with no if's and or butts. These people obviously do not understand what a reservation is for and the purpose of it as that is a lot of bullshit that you don't get what you requested as we ended up going elsewhere to stay.
1	*Housekeeping department needs big improvement *As a local,  I actually would give their casino five stars. Great atmosphere,  two Starbucks, food court,  and movie theater, all in all its a great place to hang out. But this review is merely for their rooms. I've stayed at Red Rock three times in this few years. The first time when I checked in around midnight,  the room was dirty and  looked like housekeeper left in the middle of the cleaning. How can you not have the room ready at midnight? it's not like I did early checkin. The second and third time when I stayed at Red Rock,  the rooms were ready but only looked clean on the surface. There was dust everywhere,  on the mirror,  tables,  and bathroom. The sheet gave me rashes. It just seems like their Housekeeping department doesn't have a schedule of full cleaning,  they just come in make your bed,  pick-up trash and leave. It doesn't look like a professional cleaning service at all. I will still come to play at Red Rock Casino but will not give their rooms another chance. Stay at JW Marriott if you are looking for a better hotel room in Summerlin.
2	My husband and I stayed last night and we agreed that we will not be staying here again. It wasn't a horrible stay, but it was very overpriced.  The bed was pretty comfortable but it was super short -- not sure how a tall person would be able to sleep without their feet hanging over the edge.  The decor was nice, especially in the hotel lounge area and nightclub/restaurants, but the furnishings inside the room were not that great: some of the lamps and light switch plates were crooked on the wall and the amenities (soaps, etc) were subpar.  The shower was very weak. When we checked in, we were given someone else's rewards card by mistake: oops. The worst parts:1. The constant, continuous, very LOUD, AWFUL pop? music.....inside and outside -- there are speakers in the parking lots so as you can hate it as you leave (we left at 4am - yep, that's nice for the customers...)  My hearing was definitely damaged. 2.  The casino is SMOKE-Y!! My clothes were immediately saturated and I fought a headache the entire time.  There are signs marking the non-smoking slot machines, but the signs were generally ignored. People lit up everywhere. Ugh.3. Service was mixed. Most people were nice and helpful, but we didn't appreciate that there was no posted information stating what the hours/prices for the unlimited buffet were and everyone had to stand in line for 30 minutes only to be unpleasantly surprised by the menu prices (sign in casino -- $14.99 -- reality on Sat. at 4pm: $25+/person.) Why do the cashiers have to deal with all this negative energy upon ringing people up?  An easy solution: get a sign that shows hours and prices!!  The buffet was okay, not great.  Not one person I saw in the casino had a drink and we were only offered a drink once.  We were approached many, many times, however, about getting a rewards card. Bleah. No thanks.4. The pool area was confusing -- lots of little shallow pools? Uh....ok..looks like a setup for some weird parties, not swimming. Meh says it all.
3	What does a girl need to do to get a corkscrew around here? It's my second night staying here for a conference. I've been waiting nearly an hour for a corkscrew. Just a corkscrew. I even called back after about 20 minutes to check on it... "It should be coming up soon!" Update: It took about 45 minutes. Additionally, some of the minibar items are not restocked. When I got back to my room after house keeping visited, the bathroom TV was pulled away from the wall and facing the room, and an unopened soap bar on the counter had been removed. So they were watching TV while cleaning, which is fine, but they should put the items back in their proper places after the fact. Why'd you take the soap? So weird.My room key has stopped working 3 times now, which has been strange. I think maybe the card reader on the door needs a little cleaning? It always works downstairs at the elevator bank, but then suddenly does not work at the room. Hopefully third time's the charm!On the flip side, the pool is beautiful, the view (at least from my side of the building) is also beautiful, and the bathtub is spacious. Bed is definitely comfortable, but I agree with another yelper who stated they are too short. I checked out happy hour at Lucille's this evening and that was great. Called room service last night for dinner, which was prompt (much earlier in the evening, about 5:30pm) and tasty. The bars here are nice and the servers are polite enough. Concierge ladies were quite helpful today, and the shuttle driver was nice. Overall it's a very, very pretty resort. If you want to be a little removed from the chaotic strip, this is a good option.Weird: The fitness center closes at 7pm. Why???
4	Must go back and highly recommend!
4	I don't really care for the buffet here compared to the cook to order Philly cheese steaks you get at Green Valley Ranch.  But it's a pretty casino & I almost never have luck on this place.  Too many games to choose from makes it harder to find a good paying machine. If you're interested myVEGAS is offering a FREE comp basic room here. Check it out, it's 150,000 loyalty points though. Play myVEGAS to earn comps on Facebook, they post red chips & purple chips for the mobile are now in promo codes. Like them now. https://www.facebook.com/myvegas follow them on twitter for more red chips. https://www.twitter.com/myVEGAS NEW Black Jack http://myvegas.com/blackjack
2	stayed at Red Rock this past weekend, and while the room and grounds were very nice, the service was lackluster for the price and 4star AAA review.Sitting down at one of the bars watching the Dodger game while playing the little video poker machine, this particularly "I hate my life" type bartender charged me $12 for the 2 beers I ordered us, and I've never been charged for drinks while gambling anywhere in vegas (or anywhere else in this casino). That kind of rubbed me the wrong way. Then as we were retreating to the room, we tried to walk across the lounge/pool area to the elevator that was immediately next to our room (since this place only has one general elevator like an 1/8th mile away on the other side of the resort, and was stopped by a security guard. We obviously weren't trying to go swimming in our lounge attire, but he made us walk twice as far all the way around the building. Finally, on a sunday, they wouldn't even grant a 1 hour late checkout, nor would they answer at the desk to allow checkout by phone. I had to go downstairs and wait 15 minutes in line to leave. Bottom line, the place is nice, but the staff doesn't do a damn thing to be accommodating, I'll never come back, for being so far off the strip it offers nothing to necessitate the additional 20 minutes of travel time, or price tag.
5	Great hotel, awesome pool, fabulous restaurants and very kid friendly! My 6 year old loved the tv in the bathtub. We will definitely stay there again.
1	I came out here for a peaceful weekendWith my family. When we got here bell desk, valet and check in where awesome! The pool area is another story, I literally asked 4 times for a beer we sat there for over 2hrs no one ever asked if we wanted something to drink or eat. As we saw waiters running back and forth to take care of what I'm guessing are more important guest. I then approached a guy and said can I get a beer?? He said yea never came back, I walked over to the bar found him 30 min later and said can I have that beer now?? He said my bad and I finally got me one. Then 30 min later I waived down 2 other waitresses that told me it's not there area and said they would get someone for me. That person came 15 min later without an apology or even a smile. I don't know what the deal is, being a minority and seeing every bobby, Todd and Trevor get there food and orders right away makes me sick to my stomach. I love the hotel but things like this remind me of how people will always treat what they perceive as more important by the color of there skin, fyi red rock staff I probably have more money and tip better than the people u are kissing up to
2	Came for a conference.    The grounds and facilities are great, but I can only give it two stars, and here is the reason.  If you need to work while you are here, don't count on it.  The cell phone service is non existent. The wifi is available, but not much better.  I ended up leaving during the conference to get cell service and Internet access down the street. In 2014, cell service and good wifi are a must.  The Red Rock folks, need to put as much attention to these amenities as they do the rest of the resort.I won't come back, or recommend you stay here if you plan on using your devices at all.
4	Red Rock is one of my favorite.. Well it's my only favorite locals casino! Prior to Aliante no longer being my favorite stations casino RED ROCK has now defaulted to being the only! This is a great hotel for locals to play that live around the Summerlin Area! Very conveniently located off of Charleston/ 215! I have gambled as well as played here and every experience including the movie theaters have been very pleasant! Always a plus to have such great hospitality as well as a clean facility to go to just to hang out!
5	I absolutely love Red Rock. Not just the casino, but the fun for the entire family. Dining, Movies, bowling, arcade, and Kids Quest. When my husband and I want to spend some quality time (lol) at the poker or blackjack table, or play some video games (aka slots) this it the casino to go. We drop the kids off at kids quest and off we go. Kids Quest is a licensed day care and is tax deductible! Ask for a print out at the end of the year to get child care tax credit when filing taxes. The atmosphere is awesome. Many locals and dealers know each other by name. Or maybe we just come too often?!! We often get comps for dining or the hotel stay for out of state family and friends in addition to weekly free bets and free play.
1	Take a beautiful 5 star look and have motel 6 people manage it. Thats what we got. Bathroom ceiling started pouring water at 2:30am, we called the front desk and engineering came up. After weighing out the options we decided to take our chances and stay in that room, mostly because it was now 3am. Engineering guy said it happens Ll of the time and he would talk to management about taking care of us. 10 minutes after he left security came and asked if engineering came. I said yes and asked her why didn't she ask engineering if they came instead if inconveniencing the guest? Another 15 minutes later the security girl came back with "head of security" insisting they come in because they needed to file a report. At that point I was clearly frustrated with a self touting head of security awkwardly talking to my wife while she is in bed at 3am. I asked him why they didn't make their report based on the engineers observation seeing how he was not trained or responsible for evaluating such situations. Needless to say that conversation went nowhere. Later that morning, around 10am I went down to talk to the manager "Maria". They left no communication from the previous shift. After explaining the situation to her, I felt like she was insinuating that we had something to do with the water issue coming from the ceiling. She lied to me about this issue happening before and said she has been working there for 7 years and has never heard of that happening contrary to the 3 different engineers in total that came to our room stating it happens all the time. I let her know how j felt about the whole situation and her lack of compassion to our inconvenience so she offered me a $50 food and beverage credit slap in the face. Knowing about hospitality and taking care of guests, I was shocked at her smerky responses to my concerns. She offered a resort fee credit instead of the $50 food credit which was the same amount and that's when I decided to let people know how terrible the management of the beautiful establishment was. Needless to say that ruined our anniversary getaway and made all the other parts of the resort mediocre. The buffet was not anything to talk about, the "best tacos in Las Vegas" weren't all that, the TBone restaurant food was "ok" (staff there lived up to the high end atmosphere and prices) and the smoke in the hotel and casino was not as controlled as we are used to.  All in all, probably won't go there again.... Ever. Wouldn't send people there either.  Too many other options.
1	beautiful Casino, decent buffet, Restaurant Ok. Mamagement worse than  when the Mafia controlled Las Vegas.  Phony promotions Play the slot, and get free gifts.  A lie from the  casino, A gift is not a few free entries where thre a millions.  False Advertising.  It is sad that management has to hceat people.  It is bad enough , thast the slots are not very loose in my opinion.   And when one swipes their card, the higher gamblers get a better shake. It certainlyis not random.   I should thiink that this is illegal, and should be investigaterd by higher aurthorites. Probably will not haappen, and Station Casinos will continue to rip off players.   A sad state  afairs..
2	I decided to check out this Casino with the family which includes 2 little ones under two. I read about the kid friendly location and even though there are activities for kids I wouldn't use the word FRIENDLY. Rude is how I would put it. I was walking with my stroller to Rubios,  which is in the casino. I was near the entrance and received a phone call. I stopped walking not on the carpet not near a slot not near anything but the door and was approached by a security guard asking me to leave the casino as he pointed towards the door.  I asked where he wanted me to go, being confused that i was being asked to leave and he said I'm not allowed with kids.  I was by the door. Nowhere near a slot on my phone as the kids slept. Then i told him can't i go to Rubios and he said ok. Then proceeded to follow me there like a criminal. The experience with kids quest was as bad. I wanted to drop off my kids for an hour but i didn't know that you needed a reservation for a baby. No problem.  Decided the next day to just bring my older son who is 22 months.  Went in and was greeted seriously greeted didnt get kn a word before the lady said rudely Lke I told you yesterday.. you need a reservation. I did not know that my almost 2 year old was also considered a baby as well. Maybe using a polite tone would have been helpful. I wasn't rude to her or mad about it. It was just a misunderstanding. As i left i was surprised that these bitter people work with kids. Overall there are quite a few families here. But as for us... being watched and judged by a casino even though we came to celebrate my birthday weekend with family.  Bummer.... at least the buffet was good.
2	Hard to believe you can call it a resort. No poolside dining? No ability to order room service from the pool? Not like any other "resort" I've ever been to. I understand the concept of off season service, but most other hotel resorts make accommodations for their guests. I guess I have to go wander the casino in my swimsuit if I want to eat....Ewww.
3	It's nice, but the pool closes at 6. Really?  The spa closes at 7. The rooms are nice, but I wouldn't come back.
3	Wed. October 22, All the rooms are sold out. I'm in room no. 9-150. If you love to exercise this room is for you. Be prepared to walk awhile to the end of the building to get there. Nice view of the pool, sunset, big bathtub, bloody snot on the wall I clean off. Neighbors' door very loud when it closes, it shakes the whole room.Always too smokey for me in the casino area. One day it will be prohibited.I redeemed 150K Myvegas LPs. Comp resort fee. Thank you.Cash is not accepted for deposit, only credit card.Aria is better. Waaah, not available for 99K anymore.
4	My fiancee and I stayed at the Red Rock Casino Resort for the long weekend. Overall we enjoyed our stay. There are many things we loved about the resort and few that could improve but not terrible. We loved: the pool area ! It was awesome. There are Many different pools available, where if you don't like crowds, you can enjoy other less crowded pools. Another thing we loved is the spa and gym area since we like to work out. The rooms were very nice and clean. Staff was very friendly and helpful. One thing that needed improvement was a buffet. It was just OK and decent. Not the best we had. The only thing we didn't like is that shuttles to the Strip were not available often. Because the resort was little too far from the Strip, it would be nice if they had fewer more shuttles. But overall we enjoyed our stay and would return again.
3	if you log on to stations .com you see my face when you log in to your account, many people have asked in the past , have I ever gotten payed , The awnser is know , know A big fat Goose egg...lots of people approach me and say I know you, well, I'm tired of it and I wish they would take it down......Anyhow, the machines are kind it's just luck, they started serving bottled water not spring anymore , it's drinking water, terrible, they are getting cheaper by the minute....they need a better cleaning crew picking all the trash and ciggerette buts from the dirty ash trays left everywhere, I think the Red rock needs a Overhaul....my casino host Todd is the best ! I need to clone him, other that not to much personality or humor in this place, it's kinda boring needs some serious excitment
4	Definitely one of, if not the best stations casinos. A far drive for me but being right off of the 215 it wasn't that bad of a drive. Plenty of parking on all sides of the casino depending on what you looking to do. The slot area is very clean and there is not an overwhelming smoke clouds as some casinos suffer from. The Dodd court has decent options and there are plenty of dining options around the casino. I definitely wish it was a closer drive.
5	Josh in the movie theaters was awesome and had excellent customer service!! Well definitely go back
1	Garbage casino, awful dealers, go to a real casino on the strip, the dealers are rude and have no idea what they are doing, all the food is trash, slots are tight, don't waste your time here.
2	Stayed at Red Rock Casino and Spa for a meeting and was pretty disappointed.  They had limited transportation from the airport (shuttle bus every couple of hours ) and the cab cost $55.  The hotel has only one bank of elevators so there is one hell of a walk if you have a high numbered room once you get to the floor.  The rooms are large bot the furniture and walls are in need of updating.  We had constant problems with our key card and had to replace it three times and of course it was at the end of the night and required us to make that long walk to the elevators multiple times.  The housekeeping staff was great and our room was made up pretty early in the day.  For the price there are much better hotels on the strip where you aren't held prisoner.
4	Staying here for a conference. There are a lot of great things about it. It's modern and lovely. The rooms are super comfortable. They have a great big bathtub for soaking which is always nice when traveling.The hotel has just about everything: bowling, movie theater, food court, restaurants, 2 Starbucks, a variety of restaurants. It's big, but not overwhelming. Service is good. Not a ritz or anything, but friendly enough.The hotel is far from the strip. It was a $60 cab from the airport. This is good and bad. You're somewhat confined to the hotel. There's a mall next door but that's about it. It does mean lower limit blackjack which is nice. I like to start low and see how my luck goes.I would stay here again. It's nice to be away from the crazy of the strip...but sometimes the crazy is why you're in Vegas.
3	We were here for a conference.  The conference facilities are very nice. Bathrooms were always clean...but there were cleaning issues in our room.  The day we arrived, the bellman brought us ice--three days later, the bag of water was still in the ice bucket, the glass we used was still half full with water and the one that got cracked hadn't been replaced.  The dust on our night stand never was wiped clean during our entire 5 day stay (which makes you wonder what other areas are not being cleaned)  Food court is nice, but you have to walk through the smoky casino to reach it.  Pool area is nice, but there were no staff around for towel pick-up or serving drinks.   It was nice to be close to the Red Rock Canyon and since we had a car, we took advantage of visiting there.  Valet parking was awesome.   Security at all elevator entrances was a nice bonus.
1	Zero stars.  Zero.  Not veteran friendly at all.  Waited in line 40 mins.  Proof of my dd 214 and final discharge paper.  I would have tipped more than the buffet as I always do.  Turned away with my family.  They lost my loyalty as a summerlin resident.  Then they look at me as if I am begging for a free meal.  Please.   I brought my family with me.  Very disappointed.   Going to south point.  A real veteran friendly establishment.
5	Great resort! Attended the Used Car CPO Convention, and was really impressed with the resort. The decor is lavishing throughout the hotel. When you walk into the lobby the aroma makes you want to camp out. The view from our room was magnificent! Sunset to sunrise, breath taking! The bad... We didn't win in the casino!
5	Great buffet except for the Mexican station.  Wonderful casino, though the music can be a little loud sometimes; seems to be a new trend at some of those places.
1	We were very disappointed with our three day stay at Red Rock in room 16143. I was on a business trip working on a security contract at the Creech Air Force base. The first day I was at work, my boyfriend stuck around the hotel/casino grounds to mess around and wait for me to get off work. At one point while in the casino, he put his cash voucher for $100.01 into a slot machine and the screen on the machine froze while it was validating it. He pressed the service button on the neighboring machine because the service button on the frozen machine wasn't functioning. He was then descended upon by multiple slot and security people, who demanded his driver's license (and then ran off with it for twenty minutes), interrogated him for not having a "boarding pass" player's card (we're from out of town and I received one upon check in, but he did not - despite being with me at the front desk on check-in), made him retrace his steps to the previous machines he was playing on, and then finally returned with his license and forced him to sign his name on a BLANK piece of paper. A blank piece of paper?! Can you say fraud worries? He was treated like a criminal because one of THEIR machines malfunctioned! Anyway, after I got home from work and heard the details, I was furious. I walked down to the hotel front desk and they summoned the on duty security manager for the casino, his name was Phil. We nicely told him what had happened and he was (thankfully) appalled by it. We walked around the casino with him and gave him all of the details, and I asked that the blank piece of paper with my boyfriend's signature be returned to us, because that made me extremely uncomfortable. He agreed and said he would track it down and call back with an explanation and return it to us. We received a call with an explanation but never heard back about, nor received, the blank signed paper. I expected a bit more concern from the hotel itself regarding their guest's stay - they seemed not able to care less. The next day we received what can only be described as a "spam call" in our room while trying to relax. A prerecorded message talking about a $99 spa package. Really? You have to spam call your guests? There were people sleeping in the hallway coves of the 16th floor on Monday morning. If you feel nostalgic for the alleyways of a metro area, look no further! The elevators are hilariously notorious for slamming closed too quickly before you get yourself into them, as apparently witnessed by everyone in the hotel, judging by the dashes through the door upon opening and hands put out to keep them open. They don't however, have a sufficient reaction to open back up again even when they hit someone. One of them took out my shoulder when we arrived, and another woman had her arm crushed the next day while trying to hold the elevator open for us (she was able to get it out - just barely - obviously gave up, and away they went). It's a beautiful hotel, and the rooms are well appointed. Unfortunately, the operations of the whole thing are so reprehensible that I plan on staying somewhere else on my next trip, despite the great location.
1	So far it's been a very bad experience and the hotel Manager Jonathan made it even worse.  We paid using points which doesn't seem to go over well here.  We booked a room with 2 double beds, but were told at check in that all they had available was a king bed.  We proceeded to our room and walked in the door and were floored by how bad it reeked of smoke.We called the front desk and after wating 15 minutes, we asked for a Manager.  One of the rudest persons I've spoken to in the Service Industry (the Manager's name was 'Jonathan') told us that because we used points, we can't ask for a specific type of room.  He also told us that the smoking floor was the 19th floor and we were on the 11th, so it wasn't the hotel's fault if someone smoked in that room.  He basically told us to screw off and hung up.We then tried to leave the hotel, but they couldn't or wouldn't reimburse the points we used so we are stuck here.  Nightmare.
1	First issue, while staying I ordered room service. The reason I got a room was so as to not drink and drive, pretty common sense, right? So being I had drank I wanted breakfast. Ordered 1 meal, coffee, and a side...$45 (bit much, but ok). I leave a nice tip, only to wake up in the morning and see that there was already a tip included. I call the front desk & explain, get transferred to dining & explain, get transferred to a manager who says and I quote "It's clearly marked on your bill". To which I reply, no it is not. Everything is in the same font, size, and nothing is made to stick out. The delivery person also did not mention the included tip. (because I have worked in the service industry for 10+ years I know you are obligated to show or tell the customer you've charged them, and most importantly you don't condescend them, refuse to listen to them, and most importantly rectify the situation so that they will come back). Ergo, I will NOT EVER STAY AT RED ROCK AGAIN OR SUGGEST ANYONE TO STAY THERE EITHER. One night stay advertised at $99, amount I ended up paying after being an impeccable guest and leaving the room as I found it, $170. Excuse me?!?!HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE, WITH NO ATTEMPT TO APPEASE UNHAPPY CUSTOMERS.Second issue, if you make a reservation online you can only use a credit card. If you want to pay cash for the room you have to book in person, at the front desk. BUT if you book it at the front desk they will not honor online or over the phone discounts, like AAA, ..etc. Third issue, there is a "resort fee" so if you pay $110 for your room they charge you $28 on top of that for the resort fee. It's deceiving. And don't forget, on top of that they take a "$100 deposit". This "hold" has to go on a credit card. Which can be held for days or weeks!Simply said, thumbs down Red Rock.As a local I'm just not happy.
1	Stayed for a convention Nov. 10-12, 2014. Arrival: No one was there but us. Valet greeted us and firmly told us we could not unload there unless we used the valet parking service. He seemed stressed. I didn't want to park valet, so I confirmed we wouldn't.  I just wanted to check in, then park. Front desk: The woman here was NOT FRIENDLY. I tried to be light hearted and compliment the place and her. She seemed stressed and unhappy. Nothing budged her. We were the only ones at the desk. She was also VERY FIRM about the snacks being NOT free and that they were each on a weight sensitive pad which would discern if anything was taken from the tray and we would be charged. She informed us we had a room with a double and did NOT get the KING size bed we had reserved. They were "out."  Strange, because I did this a while back. We had to sleep in a double bed. Cramped. Husband and I are used to King.Valet: Upon returning to our car, the valet guy is gone. Still no one is here but us, so I, thinking that the issue is about crowding the drop off/registration area, suggest we just unload his suitcase and have him go up to the room while I park. Husband sees the bell trolley grabs one. Ok, so I guess we are unloading everything. And we do--fast! We load it while an apparent manager (?) stepped out of a side front door somewhere and watched with his arms crossed. But he said nothing. Just as I drove away, the valet returned. He seemed stressed, like he was under strict & direct orders to make sure there was only PAID service should suitcases be removed from the car in that area. I have never experienced those perameters before. Husband didn't want to take bell trolley back down to desk, but keep it for me to be able to leave easily with. Ok. If it had been a weekend, a busy time of month, or they didn't have enough other bell trolleys, I would have insisted otherwise. So it stayed with us.Room: Nice. Internet--have to pay. :(  Conference room:  Comfortable. Food was off the charts! The wait staff/servers/chefs were great!!  Other interactions with the staff:  limited, but EVERYONE seems UNHAPPY and like they are under a Nazi dictatorial regime.Husband had to leave separately in his car at 4 am, so I am now alone to check out...Checkout: After the experience at the valet area, i make SURE I am out the door at 11 am SHARP!!!!!!!!!!!  10:59, the door shuts behind me. Good!Down the elevator with the loaded bell trolley I go. DING! At the level with parking, I get off the elevator to find a hotel staff man standing watch at a little station there in the middle of the 2 elevator banks. Never saw any before in my comings and goings the 3 days I was there. He immediately stops me and asks where did I get this bell trolley. Then RADIOS SECURITY to come check on this situation. I was so flabbergasted! He would not let me go anywhere with it. He said it was a 'SAFETY HAZARD!'  HUH? I asked "How?!" For a moment he was without words. Then said, "It might fall over on you." Really? I asked, "Because it must weight 100 lbs at the base!" So I said, "Never mind! I am not waiting for security (and to be treated like a flipping criminal!)" I grabbed my luggage and hanging clothes and left. As I lifted the last item of my things off the trolley, he radioed a new message, "Cancel security, call a bell hop to come get a trolley."  So now it's not a HAZARD or a SECURITY CALL.  All he wanted to do was INTIMIDATE ME.  (steam coming out my ears)NOTE TO RED ROCK: YOU NEED TO GET NEW MANAGEMENT! YOUR PEOPLE HATE WORKING FOR YOU AND FEAR YOU AND YOUR NAZI REPERCUSSIONS!  Don't think for a second this is lost on your guests. WE NOTICE!!Next year, for the same event, I will NOT be staying at Red Rock Resort! I'd rather DRIVE 20 mins than deal with the ugly attitude there.*** Overlooked my special hair towel in the bath when I left. Called the next day to have it returned. Was told there was a special website for lost and found. Followed up on that, but got an email several days later saying they never found it. Really?  Bcz it looks NOTHING LIKE their towels, other than being white. Had to buy a new one.  It's ok. I got a HOT PINK one this time that will not be overlooked--even though I will NOT STAY HERE AGAIN!!!!!!
1	Checked it out for a day. As an architectural design and physical structure, the Red Rock is very pretty. I do like the stone and desert themes.As a "resort" hotel however, when compared to my standard of comparison which is the fantastic Wynn Encore, the Red Rock doesn't even come CLOSE.
1	Whatever you do... Don't book through a 3rd party entity AND have a death in the family and have to cancel. The cancelation policy given to me at booking and the hotel cancellation policy don't seem to match up so I am being charged a $200+ cancelation fee and not being refunded. Cancelled 2 days prior to my reservation.  I would have assumed some kind of understanding might be extended. Guess not.
4	Great first impression, Red Rock is accessible, the cleanest and most modern of the Station Casinos in Vegas. They have just about everything you'd want in a casino.
5	BEST HOTEL RESORT IN NEVADA!The local liberal hoards (you know, the unions) can suck it with their lame protests of this spot. This is a "right to work state." Read about it. This is why we're not bankrupt like crazy union states (NY, NJ, Illinois, CA, etc....).  Stations has the right to be non-union. Those who disagree can patronize the union houses on The Strip and on Fremont where you get treated like a turd ready to be flushed by some 45 year liberal union wart who knows they can't be fired regardless of their attitude. Ahhh.... let me think.... no thanks. The Red Rock is a gorgeous place to eat, play and now shop! Big thumbs up to the Red Rock!
4	This is definitely the best locals hotel in Vegas by far.  They have everything one could want.  Amazing bars, eateries, concessions, gambling, and a kick ass pool.  The property is beautiful and there's ample parking.  If you're looking for a good time on date night or whatever then head on up to the Red Rock.
4	I used to despise this place. Partially, it was because I was a teen at the time they opened and they had a 9 PM curfew (which was sometimes enacted at 7 or even 6) which was a major no-no for a place with movies and an arcade (seeing that when I was a teen in Vegas you pretty much had no choice but to go to a casino for either of those things. The whippersnappers these days have it so much easier). But I also had legitimate grown-up reasoning for my disdain of the place too. It was a locals place masquerading as a strip joint. The service was rude and stuck up. The atmosphere was pretentious. It attracted way too many douchebags and "pretending to be rich" types. It was a giant testament to "trying too hard." Then the recession happened. And with the recession the "high-end locals place" thing backfired. Majorly. After this, the Red Rock hotel finally got off of it's high horse and back down to reality. The curfew relaxed. There were no more "bouncers" wandering around. Everything got less expensive. After being weary of the place for so long, it finally started to have appeal for me.The movie theater is one of the nicest in town and my personal go-to whenever I want to see a movie. The buffet is one of the best in town and the Grand Cafe is fantastic. Oh, and did I mention that the sports book bar has $1 margaritas year round? Because it does. I recently stayed in a room here, and I was impressed. The bathtub was deep and incredibly relaxing. The bed was one of the most comfortable hotel beds I've ever laid down in. I had an amazing view of Red Rock Canyon and the pool area. It's a shame that this hotel stay was in the winter, cuz the pool garden was to die for. Sadly, the in-room wi-fi was sluggish, which was a stark contrast from the lobby and casino wi-fi. Unfortunately, from a gambling perspective, this isn't a place where I have very much luck. Definitely some of the tightest slots in town (which is strange for a Station). However, in spite of the fact that I've been over-21 for a couple of years now, I really appreciate how the place isn't so antagonistic towards youth anymore. Even though it no longer applies to me either way, it shouldn't be a hassle for kids and teens to do the things that people in their age brackets typically do like see movies, play in arcades or go bowling. The Final VerdictPros:No longer the wannabe-Wynn monstrosity it once was.Fantastic hotel rooms.Beautiful pool garden.Mid-Century, Palm Springs-ish feel in architecture and atmosphere.One of the best movie theaters in town.Great on-site dining.At Downtown Summerlin's doorstep.Cons:Tight slotsCan still be rather pretentious in some areas. Crappy hotel room wi-fi.Return Factor: 10/10. I would love to stay in one of their rooms again. Preferably during the warmer months so I can hit that pool.
5	This is a really great local venue as well as a nice place for out-of-towners to come. It's a beautiful casino. Really nicely done nice things to see and has a theme feel to it.
3	We stayed at Red Rock Casino Resort & Spa because of the package deal from Travelocity B. found.  It's about 30 minutes from the strip, so if you have a car it's an ok place to stay.  Free parking.They charge a $27.99 Resort Fee.  Bogus, nobody swims in the Winter because it's outside and cold and all we got for it was a FREE newspaper every morning.  Stupid.They have a Bowling Alley - extra charge.  Spa - extra charge.  Regal movie theater- extra charge.There's 2 Starbucks, TBone a fancy looking meat place open for dinner, not sure about lunch.  Grand Cafe - meh food - we had breakfast there one time - Extra charge  $7.95 for a nasty bowl of oatmeal w/ sides like brown sugar, cherries, walnuts.  B. got a SW Special he couldn't finish.  Charged it to the Room.  They wouldn't give us a free dessert - said it was for Dinner only. Bogus.Food court - we walked through, nothing good.B. did drink lots at the bar below the lobby.  He got 1 FREE drink, but he bought maybe 3-4 the whole time.Room: huge King size bed, TV, Tub w/ TV, and separate shower.  Separate door for toilet.  2 sinks.  Hair dryer.  Didn't have coffee pot which I really needed!  If something is missing at the snack bar let them know ASAP otherwise they will charge you for it!  Mini bar if something is missing after a few seconds - Charged.An ok place to stay.
1	I booked here based on it being a luxury hotel with seemingly good reviews.  Unfortunately this was the biggest waste of money I've ever spent.  This hotel includes nothing.  They basically charge you just to sleep there and then they charge you a resort fee of $28 per night for shit that is normally included in any other hotel.  The room was full of dust and hair from previous guests making it feel nasty as hell.  In winter, the pool was closed and there is no indoor pool.  The shuttle only takes you to the strip every 2 hours and you are not guaranteed a seat.  The shuttle to airport doesn't run early in the morning so I had to pay to get my ride back to airport on top of resort fee.  The key to the room door didn't work, pissing me off because I had to return it in person yo the front desk 3 times.  Internet in my room was slow and didn't work at least 2 days yet they charged for it.  This place is full of liars because it's website and printed materials says "complimentary" but then they charge you for it. We would have hada better time in a cheap motel that at least included a pool, gym, and free breakfast.  This place included Nothing.  They even charge you extra to use the gym.  I will never return to this hotel and I will never go to vegas again.  It was my first time visiting this place and this city..  I tried to be open minded, by not knocking it till I tried it but now that I tried it, I have no idea why anyone would ever go here.  I will never return.
3	First time being here. My husband and I decided to take in a movie. The hotel was nice nothing fancy. But they have a nice food court bowling alley and games for kids and a movie theater.
5	OK, so check this out.  I know I have been long dormant with the Yelp reviews (bad girl, BAD GIRL!), so to make it up to ya'll, I am now embarking on a casino-by-casino tour of my new hometown of LV, NV, and will include reviews of each as I tour them.  Now, these will not include room stays, but just schlepping around the premises - eating, drinking, and checking out anything that moves or doesn't move.  Got it? OK, let's proceed...Review #28:Red Rock challenges the M Resort for the best & nicest off-Strip casino in Las Vegas; it's classy & glittery everywhere, and still feels like new; T-Bones may not sound like an upscale steakhouse, but it's as sleek & modern & sexy as any on the Strip; love the great mid-range restaurant choices here = Yard House, Mercadito, the cool new Hearthstone, and even Lucille's BBQ isn't bad; the central Lucky Bar looks great, as do the sexy servers in their famous plunging (both front & back) dresses; there is a best-in-Vegas 60-lane bowling alley; plus a 16-screen movie theater, huge bingo room, and large & regal conference room floor upstairs with super-high ceilings; the hotel check-in is totally separate on the lower floor, with a beautiful bar all its own; best craft beer bet = the Red Rock gets it!; not only is there the incomparable Yard House, but the restaurants (esp. Hearthstone) tend to have good craft brew selections as well
4	I stayed there a couple of times, rooms are nice. There's lots to do, even more now that Downtown Summerlin is within walking distance. Don't play the slots it's a loser's game. Blackjack and craps are good. They have a theater and bowling too. Plenty of ATMs just waiting for you.
2	way to spicy and expensive....
4	Red Rock is one of my favorite locals casinos. I have had he opportunity to dine, stay, play and attend parties in their ballrooms and I have never been disappointed.Now that I am located closer to this property I find myself visiting more often. They have kept up the property over the years and the typical aging isn't as visible here.  As a Stations casino they offer many local offers as well.
4	A four night eventful stay at Red Rock Resort December 2014Good: 12 miles from the strip, free parking, shuttles to strip and airport, plenty of places to eat and drink, 5 minutes from incredible hikes, GIANT sports book, Spa heated lap pool.Not Good: 12 miles from strip, Reservation got screwed up, plumbing problems (toilet overflowed dreaded sewage release) smoky casino, outdoor pool not much use when it's 35 degrees, GIANT sports book hundreds of people waiting in line.First night reservation got screwed up (blamed on Expedia) one guest slept on cot, second night moved to room with overflowing toilet, third night had a talk with Jonathon who knocked off resort fee 27.99 a night. We didn't have time to do the Canyon tour so our concierge Stephanie provided a map and directions to Calico Hills and that was the highlight of our trip hiking into the red rocks. Had a blast at Yard House watching Hawks game and doing shots of Cassadore.Street Drummer on the strip https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F_yCGpzHkF8
4	Great locals casino! It's a beautiful property with lots to offer like great restaurants, a movie theater, bowling, pools, nightclub, gaming & very comfortable rooms. It's located in the heart of Summerlin and there's lots to do outside of it as well. If you're staying on property there's a shuttle that'll take you to the airport and strip which is a great perk! The grounds are beautiful and they also have a great spa. I'm a big fan of this resort and casino!
4	I would have given 5 stars but Sportsbook drink service is lacking, read below. We absolutely love the Red Rock Resort! Every trip we make here gets better. You never have to leave the resort because they have plenty of everything. This time we stayed in a suite (1000 sq ft) which is double the space of standard rooms. Had a fridge to store your stuff, wet bar, 1.5 restrooms, big couch, 55 inch LCD in living room, master bedroom had 42 inch screen, restroom small TV with speakers in ceiling, jet bath tub, and plenty of other stuff. We ordered plenty of room service for the kids. Easier to feed them in room (4 & 6 yrs old) then we would take them to kidsquest and go to dinner at T-Bones or Mercadito, or a movie at the theater. Go to Yard House and ask for Matt C. He is awesome. Sportsbook is okay, they are extremely slow on the drinks. I gamble a bunch in Sportsbook and always get treated like a second class citizen when I order drinks. I'm always asked for my betting slips while the older non- brown folk around me never get hassled. It's all good. I'm used to it. I'm younger and have money. Please brush up on the customer service. With all that said, we will return. FYI, use sports connection Sportsbook app. You just deposit money and bet from your computer or phone as long as your in state of Nevada. Glad I did it because the Sportsbook was super packed Sunday morning and I was able to take care of bets online. Easy to get your money too. Just go to machine, enter info, prints out your ticket, and then go to machine for money.
5	I'm here a lot, lol.  Station casinos are already more palatable to Vegas residents because they are geared towards them.  Away from the strip, not a lot of hype, not too flashy, no Las Vegas Blvd. location penalty tax...  Even then, not all Station casinos were created equal.  Red Rock and Green Valley are their two resort casinos, and I believe Red Rock is considered their flagship resort.  I've stayed at both and can say I like the rooms at Red Rock more.  It's spacious, updated, the bathrooms are huge and there's a TV over the bath so you can soak in bubbles while watching TWD. The bed was so comfortable, I would compare this suite to the Four Seasons, not kidding, not exaggerating.  Their buffet is always packed, I never cared for buffets cause I feel they're always quantity over quality but this one is good.  It's the best casino buffet imo... unless you're after crab legs then go on the strip, they don't have that here anymore.  It's my favorite Sunday brunch, it's reasonably priced, includes mimosas (or go bloody mary if you prefer), they have bagels and lox, omelet stations, standard breakfast items, eggs benedict near the carved ham, and they will make you poached eggs special order if you request it.   Outside of brunch, it's still good.  their pork chili verde is better than what I've been able to find around Vegas, they have more desserts than you know what to do with, the different sections/stations represent their type of food properly.The casino floor itself.. it's a casino floor.  This one isn't annoying, overly smokey, and painfully packed with people.  Red Rock gets busy on the weekends but I've never had to rush through bumping shoulders with other people.  They must also have some good air ventilation going cause the air has never been overly filled with smoke and death.  This casino is pretty, when you look up there are pretty lights and other shiny things.  There is a Regal movie theater, a Haagen-Dazs and other random things, two Starbucks, Yardhouse, other restaurants..  This is the least annoying casino to walk into, that's the best way I can put it.  This is probably the only one I don't despise which makes it the only one I can actually like.
4	Great local spot. Away from the hectic strip. And very clean. They have great testaurants and stuff for kids as well.
4	I was very surprised about how good it was. The casino is very large and very clean. It does not smell like smoke. The Buffet was really a great value and it's better than most. They have an ice cream bar at the buffet. You get half off the buffet if you sign up for their rewards points. The only problems are that it is far away from the strip and there isn't a lot to take pictures of.
5	Its like a casino on the strip, without it being on the strip. Its luxurious, clean, and friendly. This is one of the nicest Station Casinos, and even nicest casinos in Vegas. It can easily compete with the like of the Encore, Wynn, Bellagio or Caesars Palace. Every weekend I would get a cabana and lay out by the pool. Service is nothing below excellent. Overall, its more expensive than other Station Casinos, but cheaper than the strip casinos. A drive down to the strip only takes about 10 mins too!
5	Had a great stay,Rooms a big, best part is the double deep bath tub and the separate showers casino is nice and great air circulation no stale smokey smellfront desk staff was ehhhhh okay dealers at craps and poker room were extremely fun, but I start gambling at 7 am tend to find nicer dealers in the mornings Movie tickets were cheap and nice theater Bowling ally was fun and not crowded food court and cheaper restaurants around as well as a great priced gift shop
3	Let me start by saying that I haven't stayed at Red Rock. My experiences there have been strictly gambling and dining. The Good:Kids Quest-this magical land for children is filled with everything a child's heart could desire. They take safety and security of the very seriously. I was thoroughly impressed. My friend's daughter always asks to go there. Making it so much easier to have some adult fun without stopping out of the way before and after for a babysitter. Mercadito-Amazing food and drinks. Everything my friends and I have ever had here we enjoyed. The Meh:Feast Buffet-Middle of the road for buffet food. It's very clean. For the price it's missing some of the nicer items you'd expect to find.The Bad:The Gambling-If you love table games,  this isn't the casino for you. The area for table gaming is small.  I've never seen more than half the tables open at any given time. They are always full so you must wait for someone to walk away.  Usually people are already waiting , so playing here becomes a time suck.
