5	best sandwiches around unlvexcellent vegetarian selection(all sorts of fake meat available in a variety of ways)personally, i love the veggie burgeroh and get a small sandwich, it's still enormousthe most popular item is the bobbie (homemade turkey, cranberries, stuffing...)
5	Grubbing. This place make the best sandwices... Just don't ask any questions.
5	O wow. I forgot how good this place is. The turkey, stuffing, and cranberry sauce sandwich makes you want to... melt. Next time you come to Las Vegas, stop by here when you aren't gambling, drinking,  or eating at the higher-end restaurants.
4	One word...capastrami!  The best sandwich in all of the valley.  Never ever go anywhere else.  They are all over the valley.  Go!
5	Anyone who lives here knows Capriottis is the BEST sandwhich shop in the land.  If you don't know I highly suggest you make your way to one near you to get your sandwhich on.  I myself indulged in a small turkey sandwhich for lunch this afternoon.  Small by no means is small by the way!  A small sandwhich there is HUGE like 9 to 10 inches HUGE!  Oh my!   Capriottis has locations all over Las Vegas and Henderson.  Now go on, GO!!!!
5	If you've never has Capriotti's, I will now shed a single tear for you.Ok, now that that's done, get off of your butt, away from your computer, go to a Capriotti's location, and get yourself a Bobbie.  Fresh bread; turkey; stuffing; cranberry sauce.  Pure thanksgiving delight on a bun at any time of the year.  What in the world is not amazing about that?  If that doesn't sound like your bag (you giant freak of person, who the hell ARE you?), you can try one of their other specialties like a Capistrami (pastrami, cole slaw, swiss, and Russian dressing) or the Slaw-Be Jo (same, but with roast beef).  Or you can get pretty much any sub your pretty little head desires.  Some locations even deliver.  This must mean rapture is near.What are you doing still reading?  Go get yourself a sandwich, skinny!
5	Mmmm, I loves me some sandwiches! The Italian with everything is awesome. I grew up in Vegas and every time I visit, I do my best to pack one away. Well, okay, half of one.
5	The best sandwich shop in Las Vegas!! I recommend the "Bobbie" sandwich which is like having Thanksgiving dinner all year long...and the Cap-pastrami sandwich...make sure to get that one with extra cheese and eat it while it's hot!!
5	I can eat any of the Cap's specials.  My favorite's still the Capastrami.  I've tried the regular sandwiches also, and they're also big in portions.  Also tasty.  Although many of the other sandwiches are really good, I'd stick with the Cap's Specials since that's what they're known for.
3	The pastrami sandwich is pretty good. The sandwich was giant and 2 of us ate it for 2 meals. However... I'm a puritan at heart about pastrami and I feel I've been short-changed by not having it on rye. Plus... the sandwich isn't toasted which is the way I like a sub roll if need be.People have raved about the turkey gobbler... I found it boring. Shredded turkey, canned cranberry sauce and mayo on a sub roll. Eh...?The staff at the Henderson store is maddeningly disorganized. But even with all the faults, I do come back occasionally.Some would argue this is the best sandwich shop in Las Vegas... well,.. I don't agree. I'm still searching.
5	GOOOOOOOD EATS!!!This place is the best Sandwich shop in Las Vegas.  I have made the trek to Capriottis from Rehab (Hard Rock Hotel) in the 118 degree heat just to get my favorite "Cole Turkey" sandwich.  Everyone I take here agrees that it Good Eats.  Do not try to alter the menu items they are specific for a reason.  Decor is non existent.  The soda cup is of ample size.Insider tip:  Order a Large and share it with a friend.  Big bag of chips is the better option.Enjoy!!!
5	This is the Best restaurant in the Top ten listed here, And it is the only one that you can leave without spending $100 minimum. (with the exception of In 'N' out.....)
5	One word...YUM.  Their turkey sandwiches in any form are to die for.  My friend always gets the Capastrami, and she won't order anything else.  Sometimes they also have little Nothing Bundt Cakes for sale at the counter, a sure fire way to get rid of your sweet tooth!  MMM
5	The turkey is amazing - because it's not deli meat, it's turkey!
4	Well nicolas  you missed out on good food cuz  a guy had a smoke before he served you.  Get over it ya baby.  Bartenders smoke all the time then get you ,a drink get over it.  This is a site for opinions but not babys.
4	MMMmmmmm....Nostalgia.  I lived in Delaware for basically too long and sandwiches from Capriottis were one of the few bright spots.  This shop near UNLV was a bit off the beaten path, but it had the sandwich I wanted:  the Bobbie.   Sooooooooo good!   The bread was the same, and the proportions were perfect.  Even splitting a medium is a serious meal.Weird thing was that they had only one flavor of drink (Sprite) and limited chip options.  This happened during the school year (March), when you'd think they'd be replenishing stuff once or twice a day. Tables outside were a plus; might move inside in the summer.
4	True story: this place nearly killed me. As in, ended my life. I was in between day classes, and I was already exhausted from working my night job. I made my bi-weekly pilgrimage to the Maryland Pkwy location to get a Bobbie----It really is as good as you've heard. Its like thanksgiving every day, especially useful in a city that has no semblance of seasons...no fall leaves, no nippy Thanksgiving-type weather....the Bobbie is as close as you're gonna get to an authentic Thanksgiving experience in this God-Forsaken town.Anyway. Got a Bobbie, the place was packed and I was in a hurry, ate it in my car. The sandwich was so good, I fell asleep in my car. In the 110 degree heat. Woke up ~20 minutes later, felt really sick, confused, and short of breath. I tried to stand up, promptly threw up, missed my afternoon class, and wasted a great sandwich.It was the heat stroke that made me puke, btw...not the sandwich.Highlights include THE BOBBIE, really excellent vegetarian options, and proximity to campus.
5	The bobbie is even better the 2nd day.  This after the sammie had been in the car for about 2 hours, driven to the airport, x-rayed, crammed underneath an SWA airplane seat, refrigerated overnight and battled OC morning commute traffic.That - folks - is one magic sandwich!!
3	I've read the reviews about this place and was so excited to bring my friends to try this new, cheap place that has a thanksgiving sandwich. However, everyone fails to mention that the Bobbie is a cold sandwich and i think that takes away from the sandwich immensely. I mean it was an alright sandwich but i felt that the hype brought on by yelpers and locals that i spoke to was in a word, exaggerated. The sandwich even had mayo on it.....mayo....thanksgiving dinner....I know I'm Chinese but even we don't have mayo on thanksgiving dinner.I will say though that the woman workin the counter who was kind of butch was very nice and had a lot of local flavor to her. she even suggested for my friends and I to get the larger sandwich to save a little cash. After losing 900 dollars on craps, I appreciated the tip!
4	As someone already metioned this isn't one of the best locations, but the food is great.The Bobby is the go-to but the other sandwiches are good, too. May want to call in your order at peak times, it gets pretty busy there.Also, the mayo on the Bobby is great! Wish I had one right now!
5	Amazing! All of their subs are made to order and delicious. I got the cheesesteak the first time we went, and its amazing. The breads, meats and cheeses taste so fresh. They even screwed my order up once, and very kindly and apologetically made me another sandwich (and took care and time to do it like the first, they didn't hand it to me right away), and allowed me to keep the first one (which I gave to my boyfriend who loved it). The slaw be jo is awesome, and so is the cole turkey. Don't let the stuffing and cranberry keep you from ordering it, it was amazing and totally not what we expected. The Prosciuttini is great as well, some of the thickest prosciutto I've ever had. We frequent Capriotti's at least once a week. The ONLY downside is there is limited seating if you want to eat there, and they often run out of beverages in the cooler they have. Multiple times we have just walked next door to get a drink while our sandwiches are being made.
3	Located right beside the In-Out Burger (which I enjoyed more for cheap eats), they had a unique menu. I tried the Bobbie which so many yelpers raved about, but found it to be a bit disappointing. The turkey was a little dry, the stuffing was lacking, but the cranberry sauce made a surprsingly tasty hit. I would eat there again, but it would not be on top of my list of places to go.Good: - Big cheap sandwiches.- The Bobbie can be found here.Bad: - Not as amazing as many make it out to be.- A little dirty, but I've seen worse.
5	My friend Mary took me here within minutes of picking me up at the airport... and from then on, I knew my vacation to Vegas would be amazing.  Capriotti's serves these HUGE mongous sandwiches, and we ordered a large (20"!!!) Bobbie, which has to be honestly one of the best sandwiches I've eaten.  I love myself some thanksgiving, so having it in sandwich form makes me a happy boy.  The cranberry sauce and stuffing are too good to pass up.I wish that there were Capriotti's locations in New York - the closest would be in the Philadelphia/Wilmington area (Delaware) mostly.  It honestly would be a hit here.
5	this was my second time coming here after taking a 2 year break....why you ask? i have not clue why either...stupid meso i come with 3 other friends, 2 are newbies to capriottis and don't know what they are geting themselves into, we get 2 20" Capastrami, should have gotten a bobbie, but there's always next time.after my first bite all the memories of how good the hot pastrami and cold slaw dances in my mouth. damn this place is good.
5	Ok, I have never been to this Capriotti's.  But I did go to the Capriotti's in San Diego, and it was my favorite-hands down sandwich shop of all time!I am so sad it closed.This place had amazing bread.  It had a vegetarian turkey, that tasted amazing (not the stuff you buy in stores).  They always put a spice mix on your sandwich, which made it 200% better.And, it was cheap.You could get a 20 inch sandwich (I AM NOT KIDDING), for under $15.  I used to split this with my boyfriend.  It was cheaper than the small-9 inch and it was a whole inch more of food.Everyone should go to every Capriotti's.
5	Oh. My. God. Capriotti's is da' bomb!!!! Hands down, the best samich is The Bobbie. Think of the best Thanksgiving turkey meal you have had, and then put it between two fresh pieces of sourdough bread. NOTE: Get it toasted if you are really feeling frisky. I would seriously get on a plane and fly to Vegas just to have one. The tuna is a close second (IMHO) and the Sausage comes in for the bronze medal. The 20" is enough for two hearty meals, and a warmed up Bobbie tastes even better on the second day.
5	sandwiches here are incredible.  the bobbie is my favorite and the hot italian is a close second.  my fiancee is vegetarian and they have tons of vege-meats in delicious sandwiches.
5	Vegetarian Soymeat sandwich is awesome and everyone was so nice.   We stopped by and picked up veggie sandwiches and then headed off to the Hoover Dam.
5	Best sandwiches, period. I've had the Bobbie, Capastrami, and Slaw Be Jo. They're all excellent but my favorite outta the bunch is the Capastrami. Hot Pastrami, Melted Swiss Cheese, Russian Dressing, and Cole Slaw never tasted to good together. The bread they use is pretty damn good too.  The prices are a little higher compared to a subway or quiznos, but for the quality of food you're getting and the friendly service, it can't be beat.
5	I basically come here at least once every time I visit Vegas.  I also try to pick up some stuff for the car ride home.  I highly recommend the Capastrami, Bobbie, and Italian (add some sweet peppers to this one).  I'd probably recommend the rest, but I haven't had them yet.Delicious bread and fresh ingredients.  Great food for cheap?  You won't find that on the strip...
5	Speaking of sandwiches, one of the best sandwiches I've ever had was at Capriotti's last year in Vegas.  It's an interesting establishment; It originated in Delaware but now Nevada has by far the most locations.Not sure if this was the one I went to, but I'm guessing the other locations are comparable.  It was kind of out of the way, away from the strip.  We took a cab there and didn't realize there was no ride back.  We ended up walking under the tremendous heat afterward but eventually found a taxi after walking several blocks.  Oh well, we had to try it because of the good things said about the place.So we decided to share one of those super long subs.  We got the Capastrami because pastrami is the best meat on a sandwich (imo).  And....wow.  It was amazing.  The pastrami, coleslaw, and russian dressing of some sort made this sandwich so unique and so darn tasty.  It was just pure bliss.I have to go back, but alas there isn't a Capriotti's remotely closeby.  Anyone up for a road trip to Vegas?  Or Ahwatukee, Arizona perhaps?
4	The caprasrami is what you should get! Go large for 20" of this bad boy. My wife and I thought it was really good.The salty, hot pastrami mixed with a tangy, cold slaw on a soft philly roll does it.I'm assuming this is a Philly staple because they serve tasty kakes.Since there are multiple locations off the strip, there's no excuse to not try this place!My only complaint is that it could have had more meat...there's never too much meat!
5	One word: Capastrami. What's in it? Hot Pastrami, Melted Swiss Cheese, Russian Dressing, and Cole Slaw.All the other sandwiches there are well above average, but the capastrami will KNOCK YOUR SOCKS OFF!The bf used to live in Vegas so he knows the local places to hit up. This is DEFinitely his FAVORITE sandwich place in the whole world!  Whenever we visit Vegas now, he ALWAYS brings up Capriottis and the Capastrami sandwich.We have yet to find a comparable sandwich.The perfect lunch: My boyfriend and I sharing a 20 inch Capastrami sandwich cut in half, a bag of Salt and Vinegar chips, a can of Arizona Iced tea, and a diet coke.There isn't much seating, but you can easily grab to-go.
4	When I lived in Vegas this was THE spot for sandwiches. Period. Easily the best deli in Las Vegas. Easily. There are actually a lot of imitators, Port a sub, blah blah blah. Cap's is the best. I always recommend and they never let me down. Couple of things though... Sometimes they run out of bread which I thought was kinda ghetto.  Its expensive (for a deli) and there's no space to eat. Just one long skinny wall "table". But whatever, I like the subs but also love ordering two tuna sandwiches light onion. Yum... my stomach is growling.CLIFFNOTES: If you like subs or deli's EAT AT CAP's!ps: I damn near wanna give them 5 stars...Almost
5	The shop is not 'aesthetically' pleasing, but Capriotti's is one of the great sandwich shops in town, for quality and price. The beef and turkey is roast on the premises. The sandwiches come in "small," "medium," and "large". But do not be mislead by the label of 'small', since the small is actually 20 inches. I usually am able to eat half and save the other half for the next day. Their smalls are usually $10 total. My personal favorites are  the "Bobbie" (turkey, dressing, and cranberry sauce, like Thanksgiving dinner on bread) and the Capistrami (Russian dressing, coleslaw, pastrami).  Capriotti's also has veggie varieties (i.e. turkey substitute, which tasted like cold cut turkey).  There are about four to five in the valley that I have gone to, and none of them disappoint. The one off Sahara just happens to be the closest to the Strip. The next closest to the Strip is on Maryland pkwy, near the university.
4	I am in Vegas for work and it's hard to find less expensive lunch places that are good quality food. Capriotti's is just what we are looking for with great flavored sandwiches for a low price. Adding the peppers to the sandwich gives it great flavor. They also have a chocolate bundt cake that is amazing. There is not much seating though.
3	I had the cheesesteak, the meat wasn't especially juicy or flavorful, but the sandwich was put together faithfully.  I know it's not their best sandwich, but I say don't have it on the menu if you don't want to be judged by it.  Chips were awful; although they didn't make them, there aren't too many alternatives for sides.  I ordered the large, and it is indeed large, but I would've settled for less if it tasted that much better.
5	Getting chaeuffered around with a friend from UNLV we got hungry. He said we HAD to have the best sandwich EVER. Yeah right.... Well lets just say I'm back home in San Jose. I'm having dreams about the cheese steak with chopped up pepperchinis and jalapenos speckled with ground pepper. Vegas... I'll be back... and it wont be without a visit to Capriattis. Lawry's I don't miss you at all. Neither does my wallet.
5	I base this review SOLELY on their steak and cheese. Get it how you would when you lived back home on the east coast!It's delicious, and the best steak and cheese in Vegas. If I lived back home it would be a 4/5 stars.Be careful and don't belly up and order a large (like I always do!). They will literally hand you a sub that is larger than your arm. I do it all the time and always know that 24" sub (or however long it is) is mine when I see them bring it to the counter.If you don't like steak and cheese, they have another special sub called the Bobbie. I eat these about 3 times a week during the World Series of Poker when I'm at the Rio everyday (Official Sandwich of the WSOP YO!). Roasted turkey, stuffing, cranberry sauce... don't knock it til you try it!
3	tried the capistrami 20 " and it was humungous but i wouldn't go back. not enough seating (had to hoover over a patron) and the bread selection is weak for a deli.
4	Just like In & Out Burger,  "keep it simple and they will come".I though my sandwich was small but I could barely finish it, it was dense with meat.  I got the Cheese Steak and I must say it's close to one of the best I've had.  Next time I will get the Bobbie, look up the website and the menu.I can't wait to go back......
5	Capriotti's is the best thing about Vegas, well at least for me. If you're not familiar, Capriotti's is famous for serving up sandwiches from your shoulder to your fingertips (20 for $13), specifically the Capastrami which consists of pastrami, swiss cheese, Russian dressing and cole slaw.Man-o-man this sandwich is good. I love my sandwiches with crispy bread, but Capriotti's serves it up soft and saucy. The hot pastrami is layered on the soft bread, topped with melted swiss cheese; the dressing is tangy and not too heavy; and the crispy cole slaw adds the perfect crunch to the sandwich.I heard the Bobby is also a fan favorite at this sandwich joint. The Bobby is described as Thanksgiving in a sandwich. It consists of turkey, cranberry sauce and stuffing.If you have money, please start your own franchise of Capriotti's in SF. I'll definately be a regular.
3	Sandwiches are good, I'm a fan of the Italian. Trouble is they often run out of bread at the Ft. Apache/Tropicana location often. They've lost my business on my last three visits. Best not to try at dinner time, I suppose.
5	Okay, well Capriotti's on Paradise is excellent, but unfortunately this listing is wrong.  Capriotti's street address on Paradise is 4480, not 4490, and the phone number posted here is DEFINITELY incorrect.  (No further comment there.)  I'd check out the reviews for the correct posting.
5	I just moved to Vegas from San Francisco, and my boyfriend and I have been poking around on Yelp trying to find decent, inexpensive eateries.  At approximately 300 people's suggestions, I checked out my local Capriotti's, not knowing anything about the chain except that people's stomachs appear to be happy post-consumption.  When I first walked in, I had a feeling it was going to be good:  I saw TastyKakes and Wise potato chips--both Philadelphia-area institutions, so I suspected that high quality, East Coast-style hoagies were at my fingertips.  I got the small cheese sub (I'm a vegetarian) and it was exactly the right amount of food if a gal is extremely hungry.  If a gal isn't, about half'll do and the rest can be jammed in her purse.  It was the first sub of any kind in a veeeery long time in which there wasn't something on or about the sandwich making it disgusting; in fact, it was totally perfect.  The vegetables were fresh and delicious, the peppers zesty, and everything melded together into hoagie heaven.  Oh, and the hours are great.  The Paradise location is open until midnight.My only suggestion to Yelp readers is that, if placing an order for pick-up, do yourself a favor and call the (702) number on this posting.  There's another posting out there with a very different  number, and that won't get you Capriotti's . . .
1	I know being a local its practically a sin to say I don't like Capriottis but thats how I feel especially after eating here about a million times.These are the reasons why: too much bread for the sandwiches, gross selection of chips, expensive for a sub, cheap deli meats and only pre-shredded iceberg lettuce available no mixed greens or spinach. Also the stuffing for the turkey sandwich, with cranberry sauce, is either bland or alternates with being really salty and dry/crumbly.
5	A must stop when I am in Las Vegas! The sandwiches are under $6 for a small, but a small is huge! Lasts me for lunch and dinner, so I consider that a bargain. Even though the Capastrami seems to get the most love here- and I have tried it a loved it- I prefer the Slaw Be Joe sandwich by far. Capriotti's roast beef gets missed in reviews and it is a painful under sight. It rules! It is not like roast beef cold cuts, but like actual shredded roast! SO GOOD! I get the sandwich with cole slaw and russian dressing, sub swiss for provolone and omit the mayo- the sandwich has enough with the cole slaw IMO. Their cheesesteaks are also bomb. I wish I liked turkey because the Bobby sandwich looks wonderful. I also like that they have Wise brand chips and Tastykakes- both from Philly (home of the best sandwiches in the world!) My last request and plea- PLEASE bring Capriotti's to Orange County, CA!
5	My honey and I tried out the Harmon St and Paradise location and loved it. They have a few booths and a couple tables there. We ordered the Capastrami and the Hot Sausage with the peppers and onions. And the Capastrami was heavenly. I'm not a huge fan of cole slaw but this combination is amazing. I can only imagine the cravings I'm going to have for this sandwich. Next time we're going to have to try the Bobbie...... We'll be back soon!!
3	The sandwiches were average tasting to me, nothing that great about their sandwiches that another sandwich place can't make. Regular bread, regular toppings, and regular meats makes you a regular sandwich. They however do have some interesting items; "The Bobbie" : turkey meat, stuffing, cranberry sauce, and gravy? It's like Thanksgiving in a sandwich; it looked nasty and tasted the same.
5	This is a most stop if you are ever in Vegas.  By far my favorite sandwich shop anywhere.  If they opened one up in Chicago I would move in for at least a week.   My favorite sandwich is the  Slaw Be Joe sandwich, which is made with roast beef.  It  isn't roast beef cold cuts, but real shredded roast beef and its amazing.  The sandwich comes with cole slaw, cheese and Russian dressing.  They also have another sandwich made with shredded turkey, cranberry sauce and stuffing.  It's lunch and dinner all in one sandwich.  Oh man just writing about it has me craving one.  If anyone is stopping in Vegas please feel free to bring me back a sandwich.
4	Just had a cheese steak sandwich with grilled onions and hot peppers.  Sandwich was very good and the staff was friendly and helpful.  I think you need to be a regular to understand the process, though.  They never asked if I wanted anything other than standard stuff on the sandwich.  Wasn't clear in the process when that's supposed to occur and I didn't bother to ask.  Good thing I like everything!
4	The sandwiches are huge!!!! We all ordered a small and had leftovers for the next days lunch!!! My hubby and I ordered the Italian, one was hot and the other cold.  I liked the cold one and my husband liked the hot one.  I usually like hot sandwiches with the onions grilled but I just like the flavor of the cold one better.  My girls got the ham and cheese cold and the picky eaters ate it!!!  I will be back next time I'm in Vegas so I can try the roast beef or the Capastrami.
4	Awesome Capastrami sandwich! Just like other reviewers said...
5	Holy crap!!!!  This place is amazing!   We came here to the second location just off the strip, across from the Hard Rock.  It is seriously the best sub type sandwich I've ever had in my life.  I got the Slaw Be Jo with home made roast beef (ridiculously awesome), cole slaw, provolone and italian dressing.  It's a huge amount of food for a really good price and literally the best sub sandwich I've ever had.  It was so good that in Vegas -one of the new food capitals of the world - we went back twice in two days.Capriottis is now a must visit first time we get in Vegas and stop by on the way home to pick up some food on the way home.  I can also confirm that Slaw Be Jo holds up on the way home to San Diego from Vegas and the next day after.  GO HERE WHEN YOU'RE IN VEGAS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	It is a tad bit more pricey then other sandwich places but, it is really delicious.  They have great bread and the fillings are delicious.The italian sandwich is delicious and I love the soy chicken cheesesteak.This place has one of the best italian sandwiches I have ever tasted.
4	DELISH!! A must place pit-stop when in Vegas. Located near the Hard Rock Hotel you can walk here but a cab ride down is well worth the trip.  We wanted to order a sandwich that best describes the joint so we got a Cap's Special- Capastrami. Hot pastrami, swiss cheese, russian dressing and COLE SLAW! The sandwich seriously melted in my mouth! The tang of the cole slaw complimented the pastrami just perfect! The bread was soft and easy to bite into. What makes this joint different is the construction of the sandwich. There wasn't an overflow of ingredients which made for easy eating.What was disappointing was there were wasn't a selection of different sides other than chips. It would be nice to have a soup or salad with my sandwich.I have to come back to try all their sandwiches!!
5	My gameplan was to order the Bobbie and eat it. When a fellow Yelper became indecisive during the ordering process, I suggested we go halves on the Bobbie and Capastrami. All I gotta say is, best decision ever.Little did I know the Capastrami was going to blow the Bobbie out of the water but it did. I have a high standard for pastrami, and this was some good stuff. Thinly sliced, with cole slaw and russian dressing, this sub destroys all subs I've had in recent memory. The bread is great too, nice and soft. Needless to say, the Bobbie was very good, it just took a back seat to the Capastrami real hard. Yes, you've heard that it is Thanksgiving dinner in sub form. I don't know about you guys, but I don't remember the liberal use of mayo at my Thanksgiving dinners. Nevertheless, the mayo doesn't necessarily hurt the sub, and I dig the sweet cranberry sauce mixing with it and the salty stuffing. To top it off, the turkey was tender and very good too. I just might have to swing through the LA location now.
4	Place was pretty good..  I guess for a place out there... the pastrami was pretty good... I still prefer The Hat... but I have yet to eat at Katz Deli in NYC....I'd go to that place before I go to Pink's in Planet Hollywood.....ever again....
4	I researched the best pastrami sandwich in Las Vegas on Yelp and this was the result.  I must say the Capastrami was very delicious, definitely one of the best I've ever had.  We also tried the Bobbie per the reviews, IMO this thanksgiving tribute would have been better if it were hot, because it was cold it didn't satisfy as much as the Capastrami.  All in all I'd most def. stop by here again next time I'm in Vegas, although I'd stop here either coming from or going to the airport as this location is right off Paradise rd.
3	Went there for lunch today.  Almost went to Joe's Pizza next door, but opted for a sandwich instead.  I've been eating Capriottis sandwiches for years, but this is the first time in this particular restaurant.The place was busy and the people working there were friendly.  Nice clean tables and floors.I ordered a small Italian Sandwich with everything on it.  Got a bag of Jalapeno Dirty Chips & a bottle of water.  The sandwich turned out nice and fresh, but I don't know.....Capriottis has lost a lot of it's luster with me.  I just don't enjoy their sandwiches like I use to.  I don't know what it is.  Will I return?  Probably, but not on the top of my list.
4	I want to go to there!  I was a local and I love Capriottis.   Here's why:  (1)  Variety:  You can't get these sandwiches most places.  E.g. The Bobbie -homemade turkey, cranberry sauce, stuffing (mmmmmm).  You can get something similar in Houston now, but this was my first year-round Thanksgiving sandwich.(2)  Quality:  The beef and turkey (at least) are made in-house and fresh. Pulled meat, not packaged deli slices. (3)   Quantity:  Even the small is big at 8".Forget Subway, Potbelly, Port of Subs, Blimpie's, Jimmy John's, etc....  Go to Capriotti's and enjoy a real sandwich made quickly.  Note:  Don't compare this to a traditional deli like those found in NYC.  You will be disappointed.  Just think awesome sandwiches.  It will deliver.
5	Capastrami. Bobbie. These are 2 names forever burned into my mind after spending my bachelor weekend here in Vegas. I had heard whispers and chatter about this place for years, but never took the plunge until my best man (I knew I picked the right man for the job) pulled the trigger and made it happen for us.  Best. Choice. Ever.We ate here twice during our 2 days in Vegas. That's how freakin' good this place is, considering the plethora of good eats choices the city has. Seriously, do you go to a seafood restaurant and order the steak and complain because it sucks? I don't care if their other sammiches aren't up to par or whatever. You come here for the Capastrami and the Bobbie because those are their marquee items, right?Capastrami: Their bread is soft, pastrami is thick, yet tender, cole slaw is tangy and creamy with that Russian dressing. Between the 2, this sandwich wins, hands down.Bobbie:  The turkey is moist, the cranberry sauce is not overpowering, and the stuffing is the glue that binds everything all together. Thanksgiving dinner in a bun. Get the large, ask them to cut it up for you, then split and enjoy with your friends. That's your best bet in terms of food to money ratio. For sure, one of the few places in Vegas you'll come away a winner every time.
4	Ate at capriotti's yesterday and I've been craving deli sandwiches since.  The bread soaks up the meat juices and that's what made capriotti's stand out to me.  No dry subway bread here! Tasted their italian sub, chicken cheesesteak and capastrami (had to try it!) I can't say the capastrami beats "the Hat" out here in california but I would eat here again (probably to grab sandwiches for the car drive back). Oooh, make sure to grab extra napkins too - these sandwiches are drippy!!!
4	Back again. Great place to grab a good priced $8.50 med (12'' though!) Capastrami sandwich! Second time here. Not disappointed!
4	I had the chicken cheesesteak w provolone, russian dressing, and slaw.  Gooey yumminess.  Totally worth the walk from hell I had in 110 degree weather.  Cheap too -- under $10 for a twelve inch sandwich overflowing with filling and a bottle of water.
4	Sarah and I liked what we saw when we had to get out for some air and find makeup sponges for my costume. Walking across the street from The Hard Rock Hotel we saw that there was the perfect strip mall (if such a thing exists). We're talkin' a pizza shop, cheesesteaks, sushi, Indian, and a liquor store and pharmacy! All in one small, clean, and easy to access strip mall! Way cool. Anyway had to try the Capriotti's and well... liked the peppers, but other than that, gonna say the steak was slightly better than a-ok. No wow, or holy shit. More like, it'll do in a pinch...
2	Maybe good by Vegas standards, but LA has spoiled me.  The sandwiches are adequate, but nothing WoWed me.  I'll try once more perhaps, before I render my final verdict.I'll say its good in a pinch, when you're looking for something other than a burger.
5	Bottom Line: Very Nice Sandwich.  Ate there 4 times last time I was in Vegas.  Good amount of meat for price. If I hadn't looked it up, I would have driven right by. Worth a stop.Would definately recommend!
5	Bobbie, I love you! No, not Bobbie Flay, "THE BOBBIE" sandwich! I have to say, whenever I think of home and mom's thanksgiving dinner, I go overboard and order the large and eat the whole darn thing. Yes, it is a lot of food, but it is SOOOO worth it darling. Sometimes I just get the roasted turkey with lettuce, tomato, mayo, sweet peppers, salt and pepper. The hot stuff is good too... I just luvvvvv it.
5	Well...if there is a sandwich shop that deserves 10 stars this one does. Five stars does not do it justice......I mean the service...the price....and man the FOOD....was top notch. I really didn't know what to expect because my wife had mentioned this place to me before we came out here....and she had it on good recommendation that this was the ultimate sandwich spot to visit. The situation was funny too because we only ended up going here because we wanted some lunch and planned to go to Serendipity 3 on the STRIP....but i wasn't going to spend 30 dollars for lunch.So my wife remembered what her cousin had said about this place...we put the address in the GPS....and off we went. It is less than 5 minutes from the strip....and trust me you won't regret going there. People say the "Bobbie" is the sandwich to have but i had the Chicken and Cheese with onions...hot peppers...and sweet peppers....size medium....and WOW. Simply one of the best sandwiches i have ever had. Here is the Best part....we got 2 sandwiches for about 17 bucks....and on my receipt i there was an online survey that you take and you get 3 bucks off your next sandwich. I am going back tonight and get me another one...that is just how great this place is. So if your ever in Vegas and want a great sandwich at a great price.....run don't walk to Capriotti's . Eat, Drink, and Be Merry my Friends.
4	Clearly the magic words here are Capastrami and Bobbie. Go in knowing those two words and I promise you you'll leave one happy sandwich-eating mofo. For me the Bobbie beats the Capastrami hands down. (The damn amazingness that is the pastrami from Brix in Sunset Beach has ruined all other pastrami for me.)  The taste of Thanksgiving all smushed together on the tastiest, softest bread ever though, truly makes the Bobbie something to write home about... or at least will make you want to find your nearest Capriottis location and get there ASAP!
4	Get The Bobbie. Even if you don't like pastrami, try the Capistrami; it's amazing.
4	Decided to check out Capriottis for some late night eats.  The s/o and I decided to go with what everyone was raving about and ordered the Capastrami and the Bobbie and shared a half of each to try the best that Capriottis has to offer.Just like everyone has said, the Capistrami is so legit.  That is one sandwich with a ton of heft an a ton and half of flavor.  The pastrami was so flavorful, but what was really good was that the cole slaw just complimented the sandwich.The Bobbie, which surprisingly was my favorite, should seriously change it's name to "Thanksgiving Express" because it's seriously what would be on your plate during Thanksgiving dinner, less the mashed potatoes of course, piled up in a roll.  It was delicious yet comforting at the same time.  The turkey was fresh and was real turkey, not your cold cut turkey here.Now if someone would only open a Capriottis up in the Bay Area, that would be super sweet!  Until then, Capriottis is yet another awesome spot for us to hit up while in Vegas.
4	I love Capriotti's. I've been eating their sandwiches for years and this location makes them as good as any other.Most recently, my cousin and I came here after the Rebel win over the Horned Frogs. We had coupons from the game for a free small sub, so we couldn't pass up the opportunity. Apparently, we weren't the only ones with that idea. The place was pretty busy and it did take a little while to get our orders. I can't fault Capriotti's for that. It's a free sandwich after all.We ended up taking our small Bobbie and small Capastrami to go. We split half of each and it was a delicious way to cap off a Rebel win. Capriotti's never disappoints.
4	I went to Capriottis on my last day in vegas and it was so good. My friend told me how good it was and it lived up to its expectations. I got a small tuna sandwich and it tasted better than an average tuna sandwich. A small is 9 inches in length and without getting a drink or bag of chips, it came out to be around $7. Totally worth it. Because it was pretty big, I ended up eating the first half for lunch and the other half for dinner.If you plan on going with few others and agree to the same kind of sandwich, I suggest getting one large and sharing. A large is around 20 inches in length! Try the Bobbie! Took a bite of it and it was good. I will definitely go back to Capriottis when I am in vegas. Too bad there isn't one in La.
5	Wow! That's the first I thought when I bit into their sandwiches.
5	Not normally a fan of sandwich shops but I can't help myself from stopping here when I drive by.  I guess I'm an addict for the Bobbie sandwich.  All of the best from Thanksgiving, turkey, cranberry sauce, and dressing in a bun.  I hear the other sandwiches are great also.  I can't even think about going to Subway after eating here.  Capriotti's is to Subway like In-N-Out is to McDonalds.  I know that In-N-Out Burger is on the to do list for many tourists.  If they only knew about Capriotti's!  If you are staying at the Hard Rock there is no excuse to make a trip across the street.
2	my friend has been raving about this place for their turkey sandwich, also called bobby's sandwich,ingredients: its filled with turkey, cranberry, stuffing & a light mayonnaise on a French roll.Upon eating it, I think ive had better, the bread is cold, and would taste much better if it was toasted, also since the bread was not toasted, it the sauce made it soggy quick, and over all nothing that great, I can make a better turkey leftover sandwich at home.
5	I always try to make time to stop by and pick up a sandwich from Capriottis whenever I'm in Vegas, preferably not when I'm hungover though..This location is right across from the Hard Rock Hotel and is nice and clean with plenty of tables if you want to dine in. They are most popular for their signature subs: The Bobbie and The Capistrami. I'm not much of a Pastrami person myself so I always order the Bobbie(turkey, cranberry sauce, stuffing and mayo). Its literally like Thanksgiving wrapped in a nice sandwich. It is served cold but the bread is soft, kind of like a bigger longer french dinner roll? The turkey is fresh and cranberry sauce is not too sweet so it complements the stuffing and turkey well and the stuffing is def something different.. they all combine to make an AWESOME sandwich :) I really want one right now...at least they opened up new locations in Beverly Hills and Encino for all of us in LA county :)
4	I pass Capriotti's all the time, but finally stopped in. Wow, great sandwich at a reasonable price.  I uad the Cole Turkey because I'm on a coleslaw kick right now.  Real turkey, you know, like after thanksgiving. Not ground and pressed.  Should have gotten a small though!
5	If you want an awesome cheese steak sandwich that will top all the one's you've had, go there NOW.  If you're on the strip, get a cab.  Totally worth it.
4	SO YUMMY!  My hubby and I ordered the veggie cheese steak sandwhich.  The bread here is awesome!  Very fresh!  The sandwich had a ton of filling!  Tons of veggie chicken, peppers and onions and melted cheese.  I also tried the salad my mom got with the cranberry dressing, really unique and flavorfull.  My friend got the meatball sandwich and it looked awesome!  He said it tasted just as awesome hehe.  Will come back next time i'm in Vegas.
5	This place is awesome. A new guilty pleasure every time I am in town for a trade show. The Bobbie is an amazing sandwich that was so good that I went back for more two more times on the same trip. Real turkey, stuffing, and cranberry sauce....damn this is good.  If  you are a fan of thanksgiving, you will love this sandwich.I also tried the Capistrami later in the same week, while good, not nearly as good as the Bobbie.  If you have a few  friends get a large of each and they will happily cut them in thirds for you.I am a big eater, and the large is enough for two people, but two larges were good for our party of three. If you live in Vegas or you are just visiting, go get one of these bad boys.  Looking forward to my next trip in May.
4	yum!!!  i actually ordered cran-slam club... it was good, but i did find the turkey a bit dry...  but my cousins ordered capastrami and the bobbie... so of course i had to take a bite of their sandwiches... the bobbie was soooo yummy!!!!  having tasted my sandwich, i have to say that it's the stuffing that makes the bobbie so yummy and not so dry!!!!  and capastrami was also very good!!!just found out there's a capriottis in beverly hills...i can't wait to go there and order the bobbie!!!
5	After reading the reviews I expected a good sandwich. I got a GREAT sandwich. Bread was so soft and fresh and the sandwich was packed with flavor!!
3	Delicious Philly/Delaware style subs.  Capriottis has been a favorite of mine since spending summers in my youth in the PA/DE/MD Tri-State area.  The story of Capriottis coming west to Las Vegas is a great American Success story.I have spent all my time at another Capriottis location when in Las Vegas, and on this day I gave the shop on Paradise a shot.  The food was good not great, the sandwich was carelessly made and the store was not exactly clean.  I still recommend to anyone to eat here, but I am throwing it out for the owner to put a little more scrutiny on this location.
5	Big sandwiches for the price! So good.I tried the Capistrami which was awesome! Looking forward to trying the Bobbie as the employees highly recommended it.
4	So I'm feeling all queasy and lazy... probably due to the sun or the 2 yard long cocktails I had by the pool... but I was craving a capastrami from Capriotti's! Went on yelp to find their number since their website only lists the address and no phone # (wth!?)... Saw that they deliver!!! Called the store, they said another store was actually closer to our hotel. Called that store and they said this store was closer. Called this store back and they were like "Oh they won't do it huh?" At this point, I felt like I didn't want to give my money to a business who didn't appreciate me. But I really wanted a capistrami!So we placed our order over the phone, was told there's a $3 delivery charge. I'll pay you $10! cuz it'd cost $20 round trip for me if I had to cab it over. Then they asked for our delivery address... we're at Monte Carlo, room ... "Wait you're guest at the hotel? We can't deliver to guests, only to workers, per the hotel policy" UGH I want my sandwich!! Fine we'll come pick it up. I wanted to write a 1 star yelp review but I was too hungry to concentrate.When we got there, the guy helping us was so apologetic and gave us a free sandwich on top of our order. And that 1-star review I originally drafted is a thing of the past. Yes I'm Asian, free stuff = more stars on yelp. But yes, their sandwiches are freaking delicious so they never deserved 1 star anyway. I was just hungry and cranky.
3	This place has a great menu, but they need to lighten up on the dressing. It was overwhelming how much thousand island they put on my small sub, like half a bottles worth. Whoa. I wiped some of the dressing off and realized this place is a bit overrated.
5	How can I not give 5 stars when a sandwich shop serves up a sandwich I'm still thinking about after I ate it hours ago? I'm talking about the Bobbie just like everyone else here. I had heard rumors of this delicious sandwich but I was skeptical.Thank you Capriotti's for delivering on the promise of Thanksgiving in a  sandwich! I think the thing that it did for me was the stuffing. It was perfectly seasoned. I'm not a huge fan of cranberry - but I LOVED it in this sandwich. The crunchy, yet soft bread, delicious turkey, perfectly seasoned stuffing, with a little salty, and little sweet from the cranberry - oh, I just.... I think I want another one. NO - I KNOW I want another one!I thought the staff here was nice too, and even though it was busy when I walked in I felt as though they were handling it well. I'm pretty sure they get a lot of business with their location being so close to the strip and the employees exemplify the fact that they're used to this kind of bustle of people.Will I be back? Yes, absolutely.
3	Tried Capriotti's for the first time this weekend in Vegas. I had just come back from the Avicii pool party thinking I was really hungry. Unfortunately I drank too much to stomach more than half of my sandwich. Nonetheless, the sandwiches were delicious. My boyfriend ordered the capastrami and I ordered the slaw be jo. The capastrami was pretty delicious but still on the dry side. The slaw be jo sandwich had roast beef and coleslaw. It was alright. I've had better sandwiches. The bread on both sandwiches wasn't even toasted. I may have made the mistake of not ordering "America's favorite sandwich" the Bobbie, but I just wasn't sure if I wanted thanksgiving in a sandwich. I will have to come back and try it again.As for service, the guy at the register was nice enough. There were drunk people outside so he may have been irked. My only complaint was the tables inside were pretty dirty. Seemed like no one was cleaning up that day. Overall, food was alright.
5	If i could give Capriottis 10 stars i would. The sandwiches are always fresh. Something about the bread has me HOOKED like its a drug. A must is getting the brownie or lil choco cake. Who can resist sweets? I know i cant. Its close to the strip and the prices arent bad. Its a little busy but they try to get the food out quickly and their is plenty of seating.
5	The best chicken cheesesteaks ever!!!
4	The bobbie is delicious.  If you like thanksgiving, this is the whole meal in one sandwich.Not a huge fan of their philly cheesesteak although it wasn't bad.  Just nothing to come here for.This is the best location from the strip.  Right across from the Hard Rock Casino.
4	As with all Capriottis, the sandwiches are excellent. This particular location has problems keeping its tables clean. I've been here at least 20 times and only once have I found a clean table. Other than that the service is speedy and the staff is friendly.
4	All along the Las Vegas strip and beyond there's many choices available for potential diners. Capriotti's gives hungry sandwich searchers a haven filled with good eats at reasonable prices.Their location is right off the strip and not terribly hard to get to. Parking is abundant.The service was prompt and courteous.The food, it was quite tasty. I mean, how can you go wrong with a Philly Cheesesteak? The bread was soft but crusty, the meat and fix'n's were all cooked to order.The only downside to the shop is that it's on the small side. You won't be able to fit a large group in here, but if you get your sandwich to-go you won't have an issue with that.
5	The turkey sandwich was bomb. Good price for the food. Took some time to make but it was worth it.
4	Capriottis is always a delicious place to go to.  I usually get the bobbie sandwich but this time i got a capastrami sandwich.  The coleslaw with the hot pastrami was really good.  And i'm usually not a coleslaw fan.  Touche Cap! Touche! You can never go wrong with this place.  Load up with a big meaty sandwich and just chow down in taste bud delight. Cant ever go wrong with the cap!
1	OK, so this was my first visit to ANY Capriotti's and was expecting good things. I order their "Capastrami which is a 9" pastrami sandwich served on a roll with Russian dressing and cole slaw. I ask to have the cole slaw served on the side instead of in the sandwich, which they did. It took them a little more than 5 minutes to prepare it. Now I have eaten enough pastrami in my life to know that good pastrami has been salt cured and has a bold spicy, smoke infused flavor. Capriotti's pastrami tasted almost totally bland. Even the saltiness had somehow been leached out of it. The sandwich roll had obviously been microwaved which results in toughening up its natural soft baked texture. The cole slaw was mediocre and not particularly flavorful.What a HUGE disappointment! Overall, this turned out to be one of the 2 worst pastrami sandwiches I've ever been served. I know that Capriotti's has now become another big multi-state franchise chain. I don't know how they managed to achieve that status by serving such a wretched sandwich.
4	The veggie turkey "meat" is so good. The best I've had. Yay for having good vegetarian options!
5	You gotta try the VEGGIE BOBBIE (yes I sorta created myself) ... And if you get it on Whole wheat it makes the fake turkey taste even better for some Odd reason... No it's not vegan because they still have regular mayo but its a great way to eat somewhat healthy with the without the meat guild and the same pleasure of that yummy thanksgiving flavor!  The fake turkey isn't on the menu for all the choices but i'm sure they will replace it with anything you ask. :)
5	Great sandwich place to try out when in Vegas. I've tried the Italian and the Roast Beef, both were outstanding. Made me feel much better after a night of drinking, gave me the energy to fight the 4 hours of traffic back to LA.Will be back again...Also try Earl of Sandwich at Planet Hollywood, another great sandwich shop.
4	Highly recommended if you are in the mood for a casual sandwich in Vegas.  I'm in town once a month and I always stop in on every trip.  The portions are huge, the prices are great, and the sandwiches are tasty.  I usually go with the Cram-slam club but have tried a few others without disappointment.  The place is usually quiet and very casual.
4	Very glad I took a chance going in. Got the "Bobbie" and it was great. The "Bobbie" is pretty much Thanksgiving on a sub bun and I have no problems with that. Will have to try it again before vacation is over.
5	This. Place. Is. DELICIOUS. Definitely a local secret that is gaining outside rep FAST. I wouldn't be able to choose between this place and Earl of Sandwich. Both really great tasting sandwiches, although I do believe this one is more bang for your buck. The 'Bobbie' sounds quite odd, but it definitely works and tastes freaking great. The cheese steak sandwich is pretty damn good, too! A little greasy, but the flavors were all wonderful.The LARGE is really like an EXTRA-LARGE. A medium is like a foot-long you'd get at Subway. Definitely get the large!Definitely coming back on any visits to LV. Recommend to all, LV locals and visitors alike.
4	I've definitely heard a lot about this place from other people and decided to finally give it a shot for the first time in over a year of living in Las Vegas.Upon going inside, I noticed it's a little bit cozy in there and you kind of have to wiggle your way around to the cashier. But it didn't really matter; my order came out quickly.I only got the Bobbie (like others have mentioned, it's basically Thanksgiving ingredients in a sub). I liked it overall -- I felt like there was a touch too much stuffing, though. But I'm not really a stuffing kind of person initially, so that might be why. I LOVED the cranberries in there; just the right amount of sweetness to offset the turkey and stuffing.I might drop by here again to try to Capristrami sometime. :-)
5	They always know my name, what I want, and you get a great sandwhich for a great price.
5	AWESOME place for sandwiches. Too bad it's a little off the beaten path, but definitely stop by after you land for an amazing Capastrami sandwich. Very inexpensive! We got a 20" sandwich for less than $13!! Such a steal without really doing the dirty work.If your taxi drivier doesn't know about Capastrami, just tell them it's in the CVS plaza by Hard Rock hotel off Paradise Rd. Definitely coming back here again and again and again!
4	Their sandwiches are pretty good, I ate the cheesestake and the Bobbie.  The cheese stake is pretty much a philly cheese steak, so nothing new there but tastes good.The bobbie is pretty much thanksgiving leftovers into a sandwich; you have the turkey, mayo, stuffings, and cranberry for the sweet flavor.  Quite good.Pricing is reasonable and their size can get up to 20 inches.
4	We recently catered a work lunch with Capriotti's, so I was able to sample a variety of their offerings.  Roast beef, italian, meatball were all solid and reminiscent of other great deli sandwiches I have come across, and their famous "Bobbie" sandwich, which is pretty much Thanksgiving wrapped in a roll, uses top notch turkey along with cranberry sauce, stuffing, and mayo.  But the sandwich that really blew my socks off was the Capistrami:The Capistrami is pretty much what must have resulted when Mr.  Reuben  got it on with Miss Memphis Pulled Pork at Club Sandwich (sidenote: my latest theory on the origin of the enigmatic middle slice of bread in a club sandwich is that it actually represents two sandwiches hooking up, why do you think the other famous sandwich with three slices of bread is called the Big Mac?  Coincidence, I think not!) and conceived a baby consisting of hot pastrami, swiss cheese, russian dressing, and cole slaw.   Throw in some heat with their spicy pepper relish and your taste buds won't know what hit them.  Whereas the Bobbie allows you to experience Thanksgiving year round, the Capistrami allows you to experience New Year's Day, Memorial Day, Independence Day, and Labor Day all at once...i.e. gustatory FIREWORKS!
4	Ever since my first bite a few years ago, Capriottis has become somewhat of a Vegas trip must-have. After a recovery nap, my friend and I ordered a 9 inch Capastrami (hot pastrami, Swiss cheese, Russian dressing, and cole slaw) and a 9 inch Bobbie (homemade turkey, cranberry sauce, stuffing, and mayo) to share. The two sandwiches came out to about $18, including a $3 delivery charge (which is likely much less than what a taxi would've cost) . It took about an hour for our sandwiches to arrive (they promised "an hour or less" on the phone). We initially called the W Sahara branch, but contrary to their listed Yelp information, they don't deliver (someone should fix that, unless they lied to me).I think the Bobbie is my new favorite. I'm minus-ng one star because the sandwiches weren't as good as I remember. Maybe it was the one-hour delivery wait? Still, I'll continue to campaign for a Capriottis date every time I find myself in Vegas.
4	Ah one of the most consistent chains I've been to.  Always have to go to a Capriottis when i'm in Vegas.  No matter which location I go to, the sandwiches taste same.  Favorites are the Bobbie, and the Cheese steak with everything.
4	Great staff, delicious sandwiches - just make sure to ask for lettuce & tomato if you like your sandwich with a vegi kick!
2	I don't get why people rave about this place. I mean I'm sure you're happy to be in Vegas and you're probably having fun, but k'mon, you still gotta be fair to the food you're rating...I came here once. My friend was pretty excited to try this place out during this trip. I got the Bobbie, which is a very big Thanksgiving leftover sandwich. I don't know about you but it makes no sense to me to put stuffing in a sandwich. It's just starch on starch and makes the sandwich unnecessarily heavy. The flavor of the stuffing doesn't bring much to the table either. My whole sandwich came to me cold. EVEN THE BREAD WAS COLD! I suspect they premade my sandwich and just pulled it out of the fridge when we ordered. Why would any sandwich shop serve refrigerator temperature bread???I guess if you work and live in Vegas this might be an OK lunch spot, but if you come from out of town, there are much better places to spend your appetite. Don't waste a meal here!
4	I stayed at the Hyatt across the street and I must've had 4 of those sandwiches in a week. I had the thanksgiving one (freaking great) and the pastrami deliciousness. Capriottis is a great cheap Vegas eat. Def recommend.
4	As far as fast food is concerned, it doesn't get any better than this. Been here only once and it still stands out in memory. I had the roast beef. My friends ordered other sandwiches and the portions were so large that we traded portions with each other. I didn't taste a single disagreeable sandwich. In comparison to other comparable commercial sandwich shops (Subway, Togo's, etc.), Capriotti's wins in a landslide!
5	Who doesn't love Capriotti's??  This is a great location for us on campus who are in the mood for tasty sandwiches. It is not a cheap lunch, is you're a broke college student like me and cheap means using the "Buy one get one free bean and cheese burrito" coupon for Del Taco. It usually costs about $20 whenever I go (with one other person). GREAT FOR VEGETARIANS! - I love their veggie cheese steak and veggie cheseburger - and even non-veggies think it is tasty, too!! Veggie sandwiches do take a bit longer than non-veggie ones. It's annoying to never have hot sandwich options at a sub joint, but Cappriotti's goes beyond what you'd expect and doesn't make you feel like you're compromising taste by not getting meat. Everything is cooked to order, but I don't think I've waited more than 10-12 min. even when it was rush hour. I keep wanting to try everything on the menu but I'm addicted to my usuals!! I give Capriotti's five stars because it has never disappointed, and exceeds expectation. This is my go-to spot for a "splurge" lunch.
4	I am sure this place will get FIVE STARS next time. I have only had one sandwich from here so far. However, I had it twice already. The Capastrami. OMG...YUMMY!!!Going to try other items soon and will have to add more to my comments.
5	I friggin love the Bobbi- will make sure to stop in here everytime im in Vegas!  Mmmmm... yum!
4	I came here as my first meal at Vegas during my vacation. I wanted to try something new besides Johnny Rockets and Subway (which are available back in San Jose). The vicinity was small and a bit awkward since I stood at the register, but the cook asked for my order behind the counter. I tried the  Bobbie and the boy tried the Capastrami. We both got the small size which came up to about $15. Kinda pricey but what the hey! It's Vegas right? AhahahahaWe were first going to eat at the shop, but decided to take our sammiches back to our room at the hotel across the street so we could have some sweet tea and chips as well as tv. Both sammiches were delicious AND filling so I was glad I got a small. I wish Capriotti's was available here in SJ so that I could try their other yummy creations.
4	My co-workers decided to do a lunch run to Capriottis. I was excited because this would be my first time trying the highly praised sandwich shop that so many have told me about. When I first moved to Vegas, whenever I told someone I had never tried Capriottis before they would give me a " get out of this room right now and go order a sandwich" look. So, I can say I was pretty happy to finally bid that look goodbye.I decided to try something I knew I'd enjoy first, before trying their "known" sandwiches because I did not feel like much of a risk taker that day. I opted to go with the 9 inch meatball sub. The meatball sub includes both romano and provolone cheese and marinara sauce. Simple, but delicious. The meatballs did not taste processed or fake at all. In fact, they had a great "homemade" taste to them that I thoroughly enjoyed. The sub filled me up and I was full until dinner time!Next time I'm planning on trying the Bobbie. One of my co-workers ordered it and I was so tempted to switch sandwiches for even just one bite. It looked that good.
5	I have to admit that I was a skeptic about Capriotti's.  After all I am from Pittsburgh.  Home of the Primanti sandwich, Real McCoy's, Uncle Sam's, Triangle Bar subs, and Fatheads.  Let me tell you.  This will be a regular stop when we visit Vegas again!  I had the 9 inch Capristrami sandwich. The first thing I noticed was the softness of the bun.  Even though the Capistrami is a hot sandwich, only the meat is cooked.  The meat was plentiful and the flavor of the coleslaw and thousand island dressing was great.  After I in hailed that sub I had to try another.  I ordered a plain cold Italian sub.  I figured I could have a bite or two and save the rest for later.  It was so good that I in hailed half of it.  I couldn't control myself!  Now I think we are clear that the food is incredible, but let me tell you about the staff.  Even though this had been my first visit to Capriotti's the people working there acted as if I had been going there for years.  I actually felt kind of bad when the girl who I paid for the meal started asking me about my day and plans etc.  I didn't expect that. Then, after I ate half of my second sub and asked for a bag, they told me to give it to them so they can rewrap it in fresh paper and then gave me a bag!They also informed me that they deliver to the local hotels for only a $3.00 delivery charge!  This is cheaper than room service's $5.00 delivery charge!So, I am a believer and definitely recommend Capriotti's to anyone who likes sandwiches!
5	I am not much of a sandwich person, but when the italian place next door didn't have their pasta ready (it was 10 am) Capriottis it was for brunch. I ordered the Capastrami sandwich. It was after I ordered that I saw the sign "The Boggie, voted americas best sandwich" - I'll get you next time. Not taking away anything from Capastrami, it had so much meat in it that there was little room for the condiments :DThe place looks spick and span with a iron-chef type kitchen look (that's just what I thought of it). But it just adds to the experience, and these guys really put a lot of care into making your sandwiches. Customer for life - now open up some shops in NY will you? :)
4	I've been going to the Capriotti's in San Diego ever since it opened, so I was excited to see we were going to be staying across the street from this Capriotti's for a soccer tournament in Vegas.Saturday morning, at 9:30 am, I went into this Capriotti's and ordered a large (20") veggie turkey.  I planned to live off of this sandwich for the rest of the day, since I would be stuck at the soccer fields all day, and after playing three games I knew I'd be starving.  So, I ordered it without oil or vinegar or peppers, hoping it wouldn't get soggy and would be good all day.Well, well, well, this baby lasted me the whole entire day!  And, it didn't get soggy!  It was glorious.Thank you Capriotti's!  The only thing that kept you from five stars is that it is hard to compete when I am comparing to the San Diego location, with freakishly friendly staff and packets of tapatio!
4	I love capriotti's but it's way too high in sodium which is why it's just so tasty. I wish they gave us the option to choose wheat bread over white though. If I had the cash I would definitely invest in a capriotti's. If this place was 24/7 then I would give it another star.
4	The Bobbie. It's good. It's different. It's thanksgiving in a sandwich. Cranberry, mayo and turkey never tasted so good on a roll. It's one of those perfect meals on the way back to LA. There's nothing else to say. I'm sure they have excellent sandwiches. I've even tried one before but the fact remains. Nobody is doing too much for thanksgiving in a sandwich these days. For those in Los Angeles there are a few locations to check out.
4	I usually eat healthy 99% of the time but when I do indulge it's usually because I have some sort of emotional connection to said food and this my friends is the BOBBIE.The sandwich has a special place in my heart. Coming home after school or from playing in the park my mom would sometimes bring home this magically, ADDICTIVE wonder known as the Bobbie. This wonderful sandwich, that has shredded turkey, mayo, cranberry sauce and STUFFING, is just plain and simply AWESOME.Yeah, now that I reside in SoCal I could get it from one of the local shops here but it just doesn't feel the same to me. It has to be in Vegas and this location for the flashbacks of said childhood to occur. Yeah, I've been known to fly to Vegas for the day just to get me some.UMAD? Yeahhhhhh UMAD!
4	My friend and me went here yesterday to introduce me to something a little different.  It was delicious, I had the sausage with grilled peppers, onions and topped with cheese.The wait was a little long, but honestly they were getting busy, so I don't blame em.When we finally got the sandwich, it was beautiful, in a sandwich way.  And it was delicious.  I don't get sandwiches all the time but when I do, I am definitely  going to Capriottis
1	While Capriottis is a convenient stop on the way to the strip from the airport or for UNLV students, I don't really get the popularity of this sandwich shop. For their signature sub sandwich "The Bobbie", they simply stuff a soft roll with shredded turkey, cranberry sauce, ice cold stuffing, and a crap ton of mayo. Go fatty America?!While the roll is a better than average soft roll, I'd expect better tasting turkey to pair it with since with the skimpy amount of shredded turkey included, it tasted both salty and cold. The large amount of cranberry sauce with mayo didn't compliment it well either and the large chunks of cold stuffing just made the sandwich taste like something I threw together by accident on a drunk night.I think the sandwich would of been far better if it was heated, but then again the heat would probably just mask the taste. People that go to Capriottis must really love having their stuffing cold or need a yearlong reminder what Thanksgiving tastes like. Perhaps the other pastrami special is better. Head to Earl's for a flavor explosion instead, imo.
5	Best Sandwiches ive ever had... at first you think GROSS who would eat that? But , if you give them a try you wont regret it! The Capastrami and the Bobbie are amazing! The taste is great for the price. All my friends from out of town or anyone who hasnt tried cappriottis I always take them and they are always glad I did! love it!!!
4	Tucked into a strip mall, a quick walk across the street from the Hard Rock Hotel. Unique sandwich choices, great quality food. Even the "small" sandwich was filling. You order your sandwich & then pay for it at the register once they call your name.
4	Great Sandwich shop, been to this location on the last 2 trips to Vegas. Great value . lots of meat on sandwiches, Excellent service both times , especially  from Dawn . we Need Capriottis in Los Angeles !!!
3	Almost need to do 2 reviews for this place. Food is great, one of my favorite sandwiches around. I don't buy into the Bobbie hype, that's a so-so sandwich to me. I prefer the ham and cheese. Either way, they always taste fresh and the price can't be beat.Gripe 1 - Why they don't take a RebelCard discount is beyond me, all the other business around here do AND the company is owned by UNLV Alum....Gripe 2 - the absolute WORST ordering counter ever. It's about 5 feet tall and 3 feet wide so if you're short (I am not) you have to stand on your tip toes and either way you have to shout your order. It's very confusing too, when people come in they're not sure whether to order at this monstrosity of a counter or the cashier counter, there's no signs and no employee actually offers any help or direction.Gripe 3 - it's always too friggen hot in there. Even in winter. Summer, forget about it, you're sweating your ass off - period.So for that I give 3 stars. It would be 5 for the food and 1 for the actual business
1	Ordered a cheese steak sandwich for pick up.  Good friendly guy took my order.  Got back to my hotel (Comfort Inn) good deal by the way, and tried my sandwich.  Totally overcooked meat.  Flavor good but definitely well,well,well done.  Called and asked   why and was told that meat was frozen and depending who cooked it you wouldn't know.  Asked for the manager and someone who sounded as if they were 15 years old said "I'm the manager"  and pretty much said what you ordered is what you get..  Would not do again.
5	Awesome subs!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! My favorite is turkey with stuffing!! Wow, all the flavors of Thanksgiving on a delish bun of super soft bread!!! The veggie was great too but their soy turkey tasted more like tuna which I did not mind at all since I'm a huge fan of tuna.
5	The Bobbie sandwich is the best. Hands down the best reminder why Thanksgiving food is my favorite and if I ever need a hankering for Thanksgiving during December through October I know where to go. Oh and the sandwiches do keep. We bought ours and didn't eat it until Barstow. It was magical even two hours down the road.
4	I'm not sure how they determine the sizes, but a small sandwich here is 9". Their famous offering is the Bobbie, which is Thanksgiving wrapped in a sandwich. All the food you love at Thanksgiving is here: turkey, cranberry sauce and STUFFING! Will be back for more next time! (Heard the Capristrami is good too)
4	Cranberry in a sandwich? Small sized sandwich really that big??!!My friends love this place and it was my first time here.  I wasn't sure how cranberry would taste in a sandwich so I was interested in trying it out.  I got the cran slam which had turkey, cran, ham, lettuce, mayo on it.  You get to pick between white and wheat bread.  You pay when the order comes out.  I was shocked how big a small was.  it's like a footlong!The sandwich itself had a different taste to it, but it was good.  Not sure how to describe it but it tasted like a mesh of food blended together.  When we were there they had free coffee.  Just what I needed..
5	I have cravings for these subs! Everything is fresh and delicious. Very generous portions of meat and toppings.  Clean environment.
4	As if I would/could talk about anything but "The Bobbie" Sandwich..  I have tried a few of Capriotti's sandwhiches liek the Capastrami or the Philly... but when i'm in a serious Capriotti's mood.. it's always the 'Thanksgiving-On-A-Bun" ..aka "The Bobbie". Pulled turkey, stuffing, cranberry and mayo..and I'm not even really into mayo! I check in to Capriotti's alot less than I am actually there, because I might be embarrassed about how often I eat there.  How you haven't heard of it until now, I am not sure... get down there and give them a try. I think you will be happy you did.  Happy Eating!
5	Ate here twice and love the place! The capistrami is the bomb! Huge portion goodness. Great value. Don't really care much of Bobbie though.
5	In a town with plenty of expensive meal options, this sandwich shop is a great more reasonably priced alternative for a quick meal before heading out for the night.  There are several fresh and high quality sandwiches to choose from.  Their capastrami sandwich is one of my favorites.  It is piled high with hot pastrami, cheese, and russian cole slaw.  Their cheesesteak sandwich is also one of my favorites.  The steak is well seasoned and the bread is always fresh.  Their Turkey Bobby sandwich is also really good with fresh turkey and cranberry sauce.  This place is definately one of my regular stops when in Vegas.
4	The Bobbie was to die for! Like an explosion of thanksgiving in my mouth! Delivery guy was a bit slow, though the sandwich quality more than made up for it!
5	Best sandwich shop hands down! The capastrami is with out a doubt the best choice.
4	great sandwich shop i never have a bad experience here. try the turkeythe Bobbiethe capistrami
4	Even though I've been a vegetarian for almost ten years now, I grew up in a family that was very meat-centric. Sometimes I still crave a deli sandwich with soy meat. Whenever I'm hit with that craving and don't feel like making a Tofurkey sub at home I head to Cappriotti's.This location is conveniently near the Hard Rock and the UNLV Intramural Fields. On a busy day the parking lot can be crowded, but there is usually space in the back.The service itself is good and the employees are polite. Sometimes it can be slow, especially if there's a crowd. There is a TV that has been playing sports every time I've been there.I can only rate the veggie sandwiches, and they are delicious. The Veggie Cole Turkey is my favorite, and if you like coleslaw on your sandwich you'll probably love it. My meat eating accomplices swear by The Bobby.On a couple occasions they have run out of a specific type of veggie meat, but they were more than happy to make substitutes.
3	Great ingredients. Bread has a very rubber texture. Almost as if you want to cut the crust off like when you were a kid except its a hoagie and its all crust.
5	This place is fantastic.I work across the street, and it has become the go-to spot for a lunchtime sandwich. There is a Subway that is actually in the plaza that I work in, but 9 out of 10 times, I'll spend the extra 10mins waiting for the lights and crossing the busy intersection, because it's that much better.The menu of specialty sandwiches is creative and well thought out, and I especially enjoy The Bobbie, which is essentially Thanksgiving on a roll. But it's the create-your-own sandwiches that I enjoy, with a vast array of possible ingredients, the combinations are endless. The meats are all very high quality, probably Boars Head if I had to guess.I know, I know, it's only a sandwich. And you are right, it IS only a sandwich. BUT....if we are comparing sandwiches with other sandwiches, I can sing the praises of this place all day long.Note: I have only been to the location on Paradise. I am aware that there are other LV locations, but this review is specific to the LV location.
4	This is a good sandwich shop because you get a lot for your money. And it's a good place to decompress if you want to get away from all the excitement in Las Vegas. When I went there, the place was completely empty! However, don't let that deter you from checking it out.The only thing this place needs is hot sauce. I'm used to finding that at sandwich shops, and I was surprised to find that they didn't have any here.Good sandwiches and fun employees make this place worth checking out.
4	Awesome roll!Roast beef with mayo, tomato and sweet peppers..... Awesome!Great value as well!Meats are homemade not processed!  It makes all the difference!
4	I love capriottis & their sandwiches & its so nice when I can just order on the phone right before I go to lunch & walk on over & it is all ready.The sandwiches/subs are always tasty & yummy!
4	If I went back in times and gave the Pilgrims a Capriotti's signature sandwich, would they swoon or shoot me for such a witchery goodness? I guess we'll never know.  If you were like me and never had it before, its basically your Thanksgiving meal on a sub roll.  [Turkey + Cranberry Dressing + Stuffing]As crazy as this sounds it came to fruition.  My first bite into it, I was like, "whoa, this is interesting."  I was definitely skeptical about it, but the ingredients complimented each other nicely.  As I delve more, I appreciated it more and fully enjoyed it.  I expected it to be a hot sandwich but it was served cold, so I wonder if I can get it warm the next time?If you are noob and order like a medium you will be overwhelmed, stick to the small as its the equivalent of a foot long.  Trust me.  I'm not sure if I would come here for anything else but if I ever do have a crazy craving for a Thanksgiving sandwich then I will be sure to pop into a Capriotti's.
4	I rounded out my Vegas trip with a stop here. The bread rolls are made fresh at Capriotti's every morning using a secret recipe. There are three sandwich sizes: small (9"), medium (12"), and large (20").The original concept here was to appeal to the turkey lovers, and it's no surprise that the "Bobbie" became the signature sandwich here. Sliced turkey, cranberry sauce, and stuffing, all homemade. About 10-12 turkeys are roasted each night. Workers usually begin the day's prep from about 5:30 a.m.As much as I wanted to stuff my face with a 20" sandwich, I just got a foot-long Bobbie instead ($8.19). The sandwich is wrapped in white butcher paper. Delicious soft bread here. It's a good thing it's a thick loaf for all the turkey, cranberry sauce, and stuffing put into this guy. The cranberry sauce had a slight tartness that worked well with the turkey and stuffing. I found the turkey to be slightly on the dry side. The foot-long sub satisfied my appetite, but I'm sure I coulda handled the 20" sandwich without any problems.I'm one of those guys that usually prefers toasted bread, no matter what's on it. Still, I enjoyed having a fresh, soft loaf for this sandwich.I'm a fan of virtually any establishment that gives me a meal filled with fresh, homemade ingredients. There's no substitute for all those hours of labor. I see awesome hot options like cheesesteaks, meatball subs, and Italian sausage subs. Cold subs include turkey, roast beef, and tuna options.Great service and a friendly feel overall. They say you'll "feel like part of the family every time you walk in the door and walk out with a smile." Mission accomplished.
5	Must always make a detour here every time!!This location is open 24 hours so got two 20" Capastrami cut in half to take home as souvenirs for friends waiting at home. That's how we roll.A day later, heated up, still great!
4	Ate so much, I was in pain for a good part of the day.  I wanted the Bobbie, and my husband, with good intentions, wanted to order the 12" (better value and whatnot).  At first bite, I was thinking, "Ooooo, this is YUMMY!  So glad I have another 11".  By the quarter mark, I was still going strong.  At the halfway point, I was already struggling, but being raised by a strict mom, I was not going to waste any part of this delicious sandwich (on account of children in Africa starving daily).  So I soldiered on.  By the time I finished, I was in all sorts of pain and throwing serious shade at my husband.  Bottom line, do get the Bobbie.  Order up, but make sure you have access to a fridge if you can't handle it, since there is mayo.  This has now replaced Earl of Sandwich as my new fave sandwich spot in LAS.
4	Love the bobbie!Comes with turkey, cranberry sauce, and stuffing.Bread is fresh and soft.Open 24 hours, so it's very convenient if you're at the Hard Rock Hotel.Prices are a tad high, but it's worth it.Got a 9" for around $7.50.They even have large bags of chips available if you brought a big group of people to eat with.
4	As I mentioned.. I'm a fan of Capriotti's! Now they are open 24 hours so you can get your BOBBIE and CAPISTRAMI fix any time of the night! The staff in there is extra cool.. always prompt in making your sandwich and really cool about making sure you get exactly what you want. Now that they are open late, I'm there.. maybe too often.. But I do love it. If they had a wheat bun, whole wheat..i;d be stoked.. but sometimes 'good' is good just the way it is... Happy Eating!
5	Great sandwiches. If you're looking for quirky fun conversation don't bother with the employees. I mean after all....they are just there to handcraft an awesome sandwich with taste and diversity. Yummy!!!!
5	Service is always warm and friendly here. Who says you need to pay a load of money to eat great tasting food? just $10 is good enough at this spot. try it out!
4	Truly.....  The shortest review ever.....One word........Capistrami!!!  Be sure to get it with extra sauce!!!  Also get the BIG one just in case you want more!!!It's their Vegas location... can't go wrong with it!mmmmm..... that was a delicious late breakfast!!!!!
3	I enjoyed this place and think it's the closest thing to a Philly Cheese Steak in Las Vegas that your going to get.  Not on the Philly level but not too far off.
1	I've eaten at the Capriottis at the Sante Fe Station Casino a few times. A few months back, when ordering a turkey sandwich, not the sub, but the sandwich, I was delighted by a real deli sized meal. Last week, when I ordered a tuna sandwich it was more like a bread and tomato sandwich with maybe 2 oz. of tuna. It was pathetic. It was like a "tuna spray" for flavoring. So last night I ordered the turkey - and again, same lousy experience. It was as if someone sprinkled turkey like a pizza topping on it. Maybe 2 oz on the entire sandwich. I had to scrape it off the huge roll so I could taste it at all. Bad experience again. No more Capriottis for me - there's too much excellent competition out there with Firehouse subs and others.
4	What a great sandwich! Had the cole turkey and the slaw be Jo and they were both delicious. I like cole slaw in my sandwiches, so my opinion might be alittle bias. If I had a choice between the earl of sandwiches or capriottis sandwiches it would be Capriottis hands down. Will be a regular stop when I visit the Vegas area
4	Excellent sandwiches, great service.  The guys that work here are super nice, and make the sandwiches fast.  The Capistrami has been my favorite.  I liked the Bobbie and the Cheese Steak with everything was excellent as well.  Eat with confidence.
4	Capriottis... love it. such a Vegas treasure... even though they opened one in the LA area... well, more specifically in the 90210, it's just not the same. It's simply not as good. I get the the Capastrami.... pastrami, russian dressing, slaw & swiss cheese combined in sandwich genius & greatness. It's a very good sammich. Get the 20"... Might as well splurge. Save it for later or give half to someone. It'll make their day. Service is super friendly here at the Paradise location across from the Hard Rock & in the same plaza as Undefeated & Stussy.Capastrami.... See you in September.
5	The capastrami might just be the most satisfying sub I've ever tasted.  As amazing as the sandwich is on its own, do yourself a favor and get it with the sweet and hot peppers, which they'll do for free.  The flavors are incredible.  I generally split a large with my gf, for the best value.  Price is $13.95 for a large, while other larges are about a dollar cheaper.  This Capriottis gets a special bonus because a) they have a fountain machine and b) they apparently deliver to hotels on the strip.  I will definitely take advantage of b next time I'm in Vegas.  Instead I had my cab drop me there before heading back to the airport.  Yeah, it's definitely that good.
2	This place came highly rated on yelp so I was excited to try it for myself. Read that I must try "the Bobbie" which is a turkey, stuffing, and cranberry style thanksgiving sandwich.  Received my sandwich only to find that it was cold and dry which was a surprise to me. It had an almost leftover feel which I would find acceptable only the following days after Thanksgiving. I went up to ask to have it run through they oven to heat it up only to be swiftly shot down with a "we don't heat up The Bobbie...."  Next time I want a Thanksgivings style sandwich in Vegas Ill stick with Earls of Sandwich down the street.  Thanks for the disappointment Capriottis....
4	Must always make a detour here every time!!This location is open 24 hoursMake sure to come really hungry because not only do you get a huge sandwich, the Bobbie" which is a turkey, stuffing, and cranberry style thanksgiving sandwich is super filling, you can split it with someone or save the other half for later. I thought is was going to be warm, but I received my sandwich to find that it was cold, which was surprising. It is still really good, but it would be better if they made it a warm sandwich.the Capastrami.... pastrami, russian dressing, slaw & swiss cheese combined in sandwich is genius & greatness. The Italian hot sub us great as well. Great service, easy parking and convenient, definitely come back here every time.
5	Love this place, love the Bobbie, an awesome sandwich!!  Service is always prompt and courteous.  I never order anything else.  Eat here usually once a week.
4	I loved my sandwich. The Bobbie tastes like Thanksgiving! It's turkey, w/ stuffing, and cranberry on fresh bread. For reals! Extra yum! ...The two dudes that made our sandwiches were cool.
5	Straight from the airport, or sometimes right after check-in at my hotel, I hop on a taxi and go straight here. Get my Capristrami on right away. Order the 20" and if I don't finish I take it back to the hotel for a snack later (Las Vegas Hotels usually don't have a fridge though.. gotta put this in a bag on ice haha). All my friends I have taken here have agreed that this is one of the best affordable eats. This area is for the stocking up for your Vegas trip!!! Walgreens in the same plaza...diagonally across the street is a liquor store to get your pre-party booze. Across the street is Hard Rock Hotel to grab your cab back to the strip or stop for a pool-party!I've gone here multiple times over the years.....still DELICIOUS.
2	Supposedly the best sandwich in Vegas... I beg to differ.I ordered a cheese sandwich and I told them to put all the veggies on it. What I ended up with was some weird white cheese, red peppers, sweet peppers, onions and some pale iceberg lettuce. Definitely not the best sandwich around.I paid for my group's 4 sandwiches and I was like WHAT?! when they told me how much.NEXT!
5	There really is nothing you can find to complain about here. Excellent tastes, plenty of meat, cheese, or whatever other accoutrements come on the sandwich. Great value and plenty of food. The Bobbie is one of the more unique sandwiches I've ever tried. With stuffing, pulled turkey, and cranberry sauce; it presents a sweet and salty taste that has great balance.The meatballs are excellent as well. Not dry, but very moist and loaded with tasty marinara. I would also highly recommend the grilled italian, as it contains many different but complementary flavors with the Italian meats, cheese, and hot peppers. Overall a great place to go.
1	The sandwiches were good. The service was horrible. We placed an order at a location that wasn't this one... The wrong number was given on line. When we went to pick up order here... they made us go to the other restaurant to pick up the order at the other location. What kind of customer service is this??? We are on vacation... we had to get our car out of valet parking and drive to the other place. What was supposed to be a cheap and easy transaction turned into a total hassle.
5	One of the best sandwich place in Vegas. I got the turkey with cranberry. It reminds me of thanksgiving. My friend got the Italian blt and it was incredible as well. Whenever I visit Vegas I definitely stop by here.
4	Pretty tasty sandwich shop. Stopped here on my way home. I got the turkey with cranberry and stuffing. It was pretty good...I should've gone for the small sandwich. I'll definitely come back to try something else.
2	I mean Capriottis food is amazing but this places service wasn't amazing. So did a deliver order. They said it'll be like 30 mins. An hour goes by..no order! Called they said the delivery guy was out already. K like 5 mins later the guy came. He didn't call when he got here so our front desk person had to come get me. Got my order..missing a sandwich! Called the store the said they'll make it and send it ASAP. Ok I give them ups for that..told them ok 15 mins it better be here. It turned 15 mins so I called asking where it is. They said the delivery guy was out. Then ok 2 mins later he came. But didn't call again!!!!
4	Got a large steak cheese sandwich, and it is really long!  Enough to feed 3 people.  Ordered with spicy peppers and it was delicious.  Even my 3 to liked it, she said "Spicy, but it is ok"
4	The thanksgiving meal in a sandwich is actually very good, I would return and try the others next visit to  Las Vegas,.  The location is a couple of streets back from the strip ; I like to eat off strip as I tend to find many more food choices just a couple of blocks away.
5	Great unique subs- sometimes on the weekend it can get a little backed up so place your order over the phone.  During football season i order either the cole turkey or bobby every sunday and take home to relax and enjoy!
5	Great sandwiches, awesome service, great price. Open 24/7 and close to the strip. We will be back! Thank you.
2	Perhaps it's because everyone raves about this place having amazing sandwiches that I expected something GREAT!But it wasn't. My friends had me try the Bobbie going on about how it's Thanksgiving in your mouth. It was not good to me. The texture just felt soft and mushy and all I could taste was overly sweet mixed with mayo.Maybe their other sandwiches are good but they don't look all that appetizing and with the first experience, I'm not stoked on finding out. If I want a good sandwich I think I'll stick with Jersey Mike's which is nearby.
4	This place is bomb. Got the cold roast beef sandwich. They give a very good amount of meat and the bread is nice and soft. I heard very good things about their Philly cheesesteaks also, so I'll be sure to try that out the next time I go.
4	24hrs! - If your craving A Thanksgiving Dinner Come Here the Turkey and Stuffing is amazing!
1	Service was great. Lady at the register was nice and even made my large order in a good amount of time. I got like seven or eight sandwiches for my associates. Bread was soft. Ingredients were delicious. The only thing was when I took a bite into their Bobby sandwich, I felt something hard and it hurt really bad. I pulled it out and it was a very sharp plastic object. Check your sandwich.
5	There's really not much that can be said about Capriottis that hasn't been discussed over and over again. It's a solid sandwich shop, always provides great customer service, and more importantly, created the Bobbie. I mean seriously, what's the first thing you think of when you hear the name Capriottis? Bobbie. #winningHere's how much I like Bobbie. It's Thanksgiving week, I know that on Tuesday I have a function for work that will be highlighted by a Thanksgiving feast celebration with turkey and all the fixins', Thursday is Thanksgiving, so obviously that will be another turkeyfest, on my Monday lunch, knowing all these things I decide to give Bobbie a holla. That's how much I like Bobbie. Bobbie is da man. The turkey on Bobbie is almost always moist, the stuffing on Bobbie always has great flavor, I'm a no cranberry guy but everyone I talk to says the cranberries on Bobbie are great. My favorite thing about this specific location is the owner/manager (I think) Heavenly. She's always super friendly, keeps the line moving, and has never messed up any of my orders. On a rare occasion I may venture away from my pal Bobbie and get a chicken cheesesteak, which is very good, but pales in comparison to Bob. It's great to see this brand growing throughout the country with some new locations opening up back east. I'm a big fan and believer of Capriottis and look forward to my next visit with my pal Bobbie.
3	I had just picked up a friend from the airport who was hungry for food.  The problem is that she is vegan, and it was 11pm.  Where to go?  I typed in vegan to Yelp and Capriottis popped up, so I figured we'd give it a try since it's cheap.Now I've had the Bobby a million times and love Capriotti's, but this review is about this particular visit.  My friend asked about vegan sandwiches, and the guy working the counter said the veggie Philly cheese steak was vegan if you don't get the cheese.  So she ordered it.After a bit of a wait, we discovered they made a regular Philly cheese steak, which I had a bit of since they were just going to throw it away.  When they finally made her vegan version, she tried it and wasn't convinced that it wasn't actual chicken.  He said it indeed was, but I agree that it looked and tasted an awful lot like chicken.  Was it or wasn't it?  We'll never know.
5	Always one of the best places to get a sandwich in Las Vegas, Capriottis is dependable and consistent. Their Veggie Bobbie* is delicious and their other vegetarian options are on par as well. I have to have my Bobbie once a month at least.*Not really vegetarian. They use Chicken broth for the Stuffing. Capriottis does tell you this upon ordering
3	I'm sorry but mediocre at best.  Jimmy johns it is.  Jersey mikes might be better too.  Turkey is carved and fresh but slightly dry so the heaping amount of cole slaw takes away from tbe dry taste.  My opinion, too much cole slaw, not enough turkey.  Nice friendly staff and quick service though, and tv in the place to watch the football games on Sunday.  Don't know how people can give 5 stars for paying 9.50 for a sandwich and drink.  Oh, bread is average at best, Maybe too chewy.  I had bread last night at maggianis,  that's good bread there. Dry turkey with smallish portions and too much cole slaw make it barely a 3 star.  It's a different concept of pulled turkey and I give them props for that.  Service is quick and friendly , props for that.  Just don't skimp on the best thing, the turkey. Oh, and as I was leaving, 2 people complained.  One wanted more provolone as they skimped on it, and another asked why no wheat options.
4	I was here on 1/4 and there are lots of 4 star reviews, After eaten the 'Bobby', I'm in full agreement.Being it's a Turkey sandwich with Cranberry, Stuffing, and mayo,  I thought it was going to be a hot sandwich but to my surprise, it was served cold.Nonetheless, it works. The Turkey was perfect with a nice taste and texture. The stuffing was flavorful and served on a fresh roll.BTW: s small sandwich is not so small. I ate at around 12:30 and really couldn't eat the rest of the day. It has to be one of the best deals in Vegas for around $7,
4	I was on town attending a convention at a nearby hotel and didn't want to pay $16 for a salad at the lobby cafe, so I strolled around the corner to try this yelpy favorite!My curiosity was piqued by the "Bobbie" - a thanksgiving themed creation of "Homemade Turkey, Cranberry Sauce, Stuffing, and Mayo," but then I spotted a slightly more familiar combination of ingredients in the signature Capastrami Sandwich - Hot Pastrami, Melted Swiss Cheese, Russian Dressing, and Cole Slaw. Loved it!! Delicious and slightly messy, the Combination of bread, meat and tangy sweetness was just right for my lunch cravings.Tip for first-timers: They take your order first and ring you up when it's ready, so just waltz up to the counter where the chips are see the friendly sammich-jockey there to order.Oh. And size does matter: The "small" Capastrami is easily 10-12" and was plenty for me! The large must be a colossus!!
4	I looooove sammiches and Capriottis serves up some of the best in town.As a student I am so thankful that they opened this location up right by campus. Just east of UNLV, this Capriottis is located in one of the busier shopping centers right off the strip. As one of the few 24/7 Capriottis, they get alot of traffic from tourists around the area. The dining room is small and easily gets crowded during lunch. Thankfully the staff has always been friendly and works quick. The sandwiches here are just like the other Capriottis in town: delicious. Due to its great location, this Capriottis always seems to get pretty busy. If your not dinning in, I strongly recommend calling in your order.The menu features a wide selection of hot and club subs. Big shout out to them for making an excellent Tofu/Turkey sub making Capriottis a great spot for vegetarians as well.Check out my persona favorite: The Bobbie, their signature 'Thanksgiving Sub" complete with turkey, cranberry, mayo and stuffing. Though it may seem odd, definitely worth a try.
4	Stopped in during a recent visit to Vegas for Superbowl weekend. I gotta say I was impressed. I had the small (9') I think it was meatball and it was bigger than most foot longs that you would get at Subway or whatever. Another thing, is these were all solid sandwiches, not like Subway where the thing is mostly lettuce and very little meat and cheese.  The meatball and sauce was tasty and the bread was nice and soft. Yeah this place is a lil pricey but you get what you pay for. This one was conveniently Located directly across from the Hard Rock where we were staying but I guess they have them all over the greater Las Vegas area. Oh, the one bad thing is it was kind of a wait so don't go here if you're in a  rush..
4	The bobby is great, I go to this place every time I'm staying at the embassy suites on Swenson
4	My friend loves the turkey. I had a decent salad here. The customer service is ok, not great, not awful. I have come to expect more-maybe that's just me though.
4	This place knows subs!!!  We went here at the recommendation of a friend and so glad we made the trek from the strip to give this place a try.  Since we had never been before, we went with 2 of the signature subs.  My friend got the Italian and I got the Roast Beef.  Both were packed with tons of delicious meats and really fresh veggies.  The Italian has a good mix of premium italian meats which were not too salty. For the Roast Beef, I got all of the fixins' to include sweet peppers, onions, italian seasoning and oil & vinegar.  The roast beef was shredded which was a nice touch over your standard sliced meat at other sub shops.  In writing this review, I just found out there's one in Encino so I can't wait to try it out when I get back home!  Good stuff here!
4	OMG the Capastrami here is soooooo good! We always get a couple of large sandwiches to share, it looks like it could be a foot and half or more. The pastrami is so juicy and really flavorful. Perfect amount of seasoning, not too salty like a lot of pastrami shops. They also throw in some Swiss cheese, which melts with the hot pastrami. I love love love their cole slaw they put in the sandwich. Its really creamy and a lil sweet to contrast with the flavor of the pastrami. The Russian sauce (Thousand Island dressing?) compliments the meat and slaw well too. I don't know if it was because I was drinking outside by the pool all morning or what, but I probably could have finished most of that "large" Capastrami in one sitting. It was so good! Thank god, I went to the pool prior to eating this... Or else it would not have been good for my bikini body! Haha
4	Outstanding sandwich of the highest quality.    My son got the meatball sub and it was off the charts good.  I got the homemade turkey & it was great.  Very nice sandy shop!
5	Best sandwiches and best customer service that I've experienced since I moved here to Las Vegas. I go here so much that they know me by name already. My favorite is the Bobbie. Just tried the Slaw Be Jo and it was great too. I recommend that everybody tries this place at least once.
2	OVER RATED!Perhaps I'm a bit jaded being from NYC but seriously, the most average deli in New York is a little better than this joint. The bread here weak and let's face it, the bread is the foundation of a sandwich. The meats are fine (not great but acceptable). The selection is quite limited. And as for those specialty combination subs, umm, they border on gross. The Bobbie?! Why not just pour the contents of a garbage can onto some Wonderbread... same taste.This place is a local favorite because you get a lot of bang for your buck. Fat boy paradise! But when it comes to quality they are average at best. I'll give it to them, they brought a mediocre east coast sub concept to a place where people don't know any better. If I were to recommend anything here it would be either the Cheese Steak or the Italian. Skip the meatballs. They are 80% bread. The roast beef is over cooked by 3 or 4 times, dry, flavorless. I give them 2 stars because the folks behind the counter are very nice. Yes, they are better than Subway.
5	One of the few places I have stored in my phone. This particular location is open 24/7. If you already know what you want, I'd recommend calling it in, as they can get busy. As a vegetarian, I'd say their sandwiches are amazing. Veggie cheese steak is my favorite (take it to go and add Famous Dave's Devil Spit bbq sauce to it, trust me). The veggie cole turkey is awesome too, just tell them to go easy on the mayo, they drown it. The veggie burger sandwich is a garden burger patty, good if you like garden burgers. You can also order the bobbie with veggie turkey. It's worth the $2 more than the subway across the street, that's for sure. They also sell really good chips, I'd recommend the Walker's Honey BBQ. Writing this review makes me want to order a sandwich right now!!
3	I don't agree if it's the BEST sandwiches around but they are certainly the biggest and thistly, the most filling.  Great customer service.  Wouldn't hesitate to come back.
4	With visiting Las Vegas comes the search for food. We were staying at the Hard Rock Hotel and so my roomies decided to go across the street to find some since we wanted some pizza. Luckily for us, right next to the pizza place is Capriottis! I saw my buddies walk in with two long subs. Initially, I was going for the pizza until I found out they got a Cheese Steak! So, I decided to try it and oh man.... it was amazing!The bread was perfect and the sandwich was filled with delicious steak cooked to perfection, melted white American cheese, mushroom, onions, and hot peppers, which gave it an awesome kick!  Always, always, always add the mushroom, onions and definitely the hot peppers. You will not regret it! Everything was perfectly melted together and the taste was Mmmm Mmmm good! I couldn't stop with one bite or just a small portion. I'll just say that we ended up going back to get more the next day.The service is awesome here and the guys are really awesome. That's always icing on the cake when the service is excellent. Also, this place is open really late. So, if you have the late night cravings going on, check them out and you'll be able to get your fill from Capriottis!
5	On our way to the Strip in Las Vegas, we stopped at Del Taco for tacos.  Upon seeing the amount of people inside this sandwich place, we immediately changed our minds. I ordered the hot Italian Sub and it was AMAZING. It was the best sandwich I have ever had. It was delicious, the idea was cool, and the sandwich was loaded with meats. The sandwich was freshly made and grilled to perfection. 10/10 and if I lived in Nevada, I would come here multiple times a week,
5	I'm a big fan of Capriottis.  First time I tried it was in Reno, NV.This is GREAT hangover food. It's healthy, filling and the bread helps soak up the alcohol. ;)  But! Be sure to order with with the sweet peppers and not the hot peppers if you are nursing a hangover.I get the turkey sandwich, which has shredded, fresh, roasted turkey, not that sodium-ladened garbage they sell at the grocery store.This is my Go To hangover place in Vegas. Enjoy!
4	Heard a lot of hooplah about this place so i decided to check it out. Ordered the cheesesteak and capistrami. The cheesesteak was just ok for me. Good amount of meat and cheese the capristrami was excellent. The slaw matched well with the perfectly seasoned pastrami. It was worth the visit. Next time ill try the Bobbie.
5	Love Capriottis! I tried the philly, bobbie, capastrami, cole turkey and etc... And love how everything taste
3	Delicious food, but if you're vegan, STAY AWAY. Don't be fooled by the faux meat.
5	I love this place and it's usually a stop for me while in Vegas. The Capastrami is amazing and I usually get a large so I have some leftovers for later. It's amazing as a late night snack after some heavy drinking in Vegas.
4	Wow, just wow. I had the Capastrami and it was fantastic. The meat was tender and plenty of it. It had just the right amount of slaw and sauce to not overwhelm the sandwich.Service was fine. Most of the tables were dirty,but that's my only knock on the place.
5	We don't have these where I'm from. Too bad.  So far, all the sandwiches I've tried are uniquely delicious. These are sandwiches you won't find, and can't build, just anywhere. Go in and get one of their signature sandwiches. Come out full. Be thankful.  Say nice things.  Treat people respectfully. Make the world better.
4	I had the capastrami here and I absolutely loved it. The pastrami has a lot of flavor and the slaw and dressing complement it well without overpowering it. The bread is also nice and soft, which is a nice added touch. I also had a bite of my brother's bobbie sandwich, which is basically the sandwich you make with leftovers the day after thanksgiving. While it's good, it was nothing too special, which was especially disappointing because the worker strongly recommended the bobbie.
5	Great sandwich! I had the capastrami and it's was fantastic! The coleslaw on my sandwich was really good! They had Pepsi products and dr pepper always a plus! I asked for a meatball sample that was ok! Glad I didn't order that as my sandwich! My husband ordered the Italian and really liked it!.... 5 stars for a sandwich shop ;)...... Doshie from Roseville,CA
5	Had a chicken cheesesteak with some chips and staff was very friendly. Food came out quick and was delicious. The reviews are no joke. Quality sandwich shop.
5	I pretty much always get the capastrami. I never cared for coleslaw much until I had it with this sandwich. So good and filling :) service is always friendly and fast.
5	This place is amazing!!  The sandwiches are not only amazing but so is the SERVICE!  They really put their customers 1st! I recommend this place to everyone.  My friends and I all enjoyed our food.  Kelly helped us and we LOVED her.  Enjoy your food and time here.  We wish we lived closer to get food all the time here.  Don't worry Kelly we will be back the next time in Las Vegas.
5	Capastrami! I'm not much of a sandwich eater since I stay away from bread, but this was worth every delicious, meaty, juicy, gluten calorie! My BF got the cheesesteak and loved it too. Will definitely be back! Coincidentally, this CVS strip center now has THREE of my favorite places to eat in Vegas. Stay somewhere close to here and you won't even have to go to the Strip.
4	Friendly staff, happy to make recommendations. Had the chicken w/ 3 sauces (BBQ, honey mustard, something else) and it was amazing! No tables, so be prepared to take it elsewhere to eat.
5	Visited this spot on my vacation. Wasn't sure if I wanted the cheese steak or a ham and cheese.  There is a location near my home and they ruined the cheese steak.  Took the gamble here and it paid off. It was bomb.Really great service was quick and they were very courteous.  Got extra mustard and they gave the perfect amount.. plus they have wise chips which are bomb. Especially the cheese doodles. Doodles every time I say that word it feels weird lol.
4	Capriottis is my ideal sandwich shop. The quick service, variety of sandwiches and fresh ingredients make this a must visit. The turkey sandwich was huge in my opinion. I shared with a friend along with kettle cooked chips and was ready to hit the town! a definite must visit for a healthy alternative.
4	One of the most amazing Bah Mi sandwiches I've ever had and definitely the best in the city. Lots of flavor in the meat, fresh veggies, and great bread, all at some of the cheapest prices I've paid for food in the city. The place is the definition of a hole in the wall, but the service is great and the food is spectacular.
5	Open 24 7. Clean facility. Capistromy and turkey cole are excellent ! Definitely will be back
3	Cannot see how they got these many great ratings. Had a signature hot pastrami sub and a salad. Sub was just ok. Sausage just in the middle where they cut the sandw. The rest was just tasteless coleslaw. Salad was as cold as it would be shortly before freezing temp. and therefore not pleasant. Salad sauce was prepacked ready mix. Not much better than large chains but also not cheap. There are tons of better sandwich shops out there in the country... But maybe not in LV.
4	This was the freshest sandwich I've every had in a sandwich shop.  The combination of turkey and Cole slaw is not one I would have thought of bit it was scrumptious! !  One to recommend to friends and return to.
1	If there was a negative star option, then I would say -5 !! I really liked the "Bobbie sandwich" so one day I go there and order that sandwich and halfway through the sandwich I bit hard into something hard like a rock. It was so hard THAT I CRACKED MY TOOTH ON IT!!I had surgery on my mouth in the past, so after I took that bite, that was it for my tooth so I had to go see my dentist once again. SMH and I told the guys working there and all they did was say sorry and offer me a free sandwich card...The worst part was, that it was MY BDAY!....Yea i could go on all day, but I'll just stop here and warn people to avoid that place and sandwich if you care about yourself...
5	One of the tastiest sandwich places I have ever been to. Seriously. Recommendations: cheese steak sandwich and. Capastami ! The wait may be a bit long at peak hours but  it's worth it. Plenty of vegetarian options too.
4	They keep the menu fairly simple and easy with some neat options for a different flavor. Ever have thanksgiving meal in a sandwich? Ofcourse you have the day after turkey day you know your half tired, still possibly drunk self got up and threw some leftovers together and made a turkey dinner into a sandwich. Well now you don't have to get up and fuss with it, just let the good people here at capriottis handle all of the details. Super hungry order a medium or a damn large, why cause your. Man. A real man. Lol
4	I've been to this location several times and service has never been very friendly, but today it was spot on. There was a sandwich maker who made two delicious meals but 2 manager-type people as well, who were both very nice and engaging. The place was clean and our lunches were tasty.
4	Why settle for Thanksgiving only once a year? You can pretty much eat your fill of turkey, stuffing, and cranberry sauce in the form of a sandwich year-round. The Bobbie was a revelation when I first tried it and it hasn't lost its luster. However, I would love it even more if it had a touch of gravy and if the turkey came hot.Not in the mood for a tryptophan-laced meal? Try their cheese steaks. The hot peppers really add a kick to the spice factor. The best part is that this location is open 24 hours a day to handle your late-night cravings.
4	Sandwich spot is on point! Ham was delicious! Open 24 hours, def good for a late night snack! Ham & the capricola along w/ the grilled onions compliment each other really well. Philly cheese steak was also very delicious. A must if your craving something delish late night!
1	Will not be going back to this location again. Ordered a pastrami sandwich and opened it up because it was literally leaking in oils and sauce and there was a dark thick long hair in my sandwich in the coslaw ! Disgusting :(
