4	When you walk into DW Bistro, you get the feeling that you've entered an upper scale Strip eatery. The decor is very modern, whimsical and warm. With a NYC loft feel to it. The staff is very friendly and the owners Dalton and Bryce greet with a warm smile and hearty hello. I was there to take-out lunch, but decided to sit at the bar and enjoy my surroundings.I started by ordering a Jamaican Ginger Beer and was instantly blown away. It was delicious and reasonably priced at $3 (it comes with free refills). I ordered their Caesar Salad, which had a flare to it. The dressing was a chipotle caesar dressing, drizzled over whole fresh lettuce with whole shaved parmesan and a crostini. It was fantastic. The added spice of the chipotle was a nice touch and turned an ordinary Caesar Salad into an extraordinary starter. For my main course I ordered the Jamaican Curry Chicken. I'm usually not a huge curry fan, but Bryce, the owner, talked me into it. I am sure glad that he did. The chicken was tender and melted in my mouth. The curry wasn't over-powering and complimented the chicken, onions and thyme well. I was very pleased with the dish. I splurged a little and ordered their Red Velvet cake for dessert. It was perfect! The best Red Velvet that I have ever had. Moist, with white-chocolate shavings that just melted in my mouth. It's served with a small cup of raspberries and sugar-free whipped cream.DW Bistro is the perfect place to eat for the westside. I plan on going back for dinner with the wife this weekend. My overall experience was  delightful and I left feeling satisfied in both the stomach, taste buds and  pocketbook.
5	Have been hearing so many good things about this place for the last few weeks I just had to try it.  I came in with very high expectations.... They were met, then exceeded then exceeded again.  I want to try everything on the menu.... Not only is the food delicious but there is obvious painstaking attention to every detail to complete a wonderful dining experience.  Can't wait to go again.
5	This was my first experience at DW Bistro and it was worth the hour plus I spent enjoying the patio, the service, and mostly the food. We had heard the food was great, but today we decided to drop by for brunch. My wife had the DW Nicoise and I had the DW BLT. The salad was delightful - delightful enough that she didn't share. My BLT was to die for - especially the jalapeno bacon which gave the BLT a spicy, but not overpowering. I savored every bite.We followed brunch with blueberry and raspberry scones (the latter isn't on the menu, but was available today). The decor was delightful. It was open, bright, airy. I was reminded of some European restaurants I've been in. The service was unbelievable and the pricing just right. We have decided this is our NEW favorite restaurant.
5	Great place my family wanted to grab a quick bite before heading over to Herbs and Rye so we stopped by DW bistro. The menu was not over done but perfect a great selection of house specialtys but not so difficult it's hard to read the staff was excellent and beyond friendly and most important very informative and confident with there menu knowledge.  We put are experiance in are servers hands and had her order here favorite dishes they were all excellent selections very tasty and she did not just try to sell us the most expensive items but what she felt best showed there chefs talent. Very Very impressive.  I am looking foward to having a seat at the bar and trying the cocktail programCheers and well done Gentalman
4	I had a great experience at DW Bistro.  The ambiance is cool and inviting.  The patio is a place you can spend a couple of hours and not even notice the time going by.  Once we arrived we were greeted with smiles from the staff and the management was very personable.  A nice wine selection and a simple but flavorful menu made for a great experience.  With a party of six, our server didn't miss a beat.  Her recommendations were on point.  So were the Jamaican Mojito's.  I had the large bowl of Gazpacho which was made perfectly.  I was a cool and tasteful starter.  After that I had the Jerk Chicken Salad.  The dressing was light and the Chicken had a bit of spicy kick.  The only thing i would like to see are more starter options.  We did order the top three starters which were great but if you are like my family, we enjoy ordering tons of apps to try as many flavors as possible instead of individual plates.  Apps and cocktails all around is our preference.  The prices are reasonable.
5	I was looking for a new spot to enjoy Sunday brunch. DW Bistro was an excellent choice. The food is great, the staff is very friendly and the space is comfortable. We sat outside and thought that I was on vacation. Beautiful greenery was all around and hid the parking lot nicely. Well done. Everyone from our table enjoyed their food and drinks. If you enjoy a sweet dish, the French toasts are some of the best I have had in a long time. The chicken lollipops are very nice as well. The slow-cooked pork was fork tender. I have to admit that I was not a fan of their red velvet cake. I thought it was too dry. Their coffee was excellent. Nothing to complain about the staff. Every single person we interacted with was truly friendly.
4	I found this off one of my fellow foodies here on Yelp and since it is right down the street from our favorite comic book store, it was on the top of our list to try.  Having lived in Jamaica and been all over the Caribbean, I wasn't expecting to be wowed.  I would have been happy with a yum or 2.  I was WOWed!! Ok let's just say that unless you are lunching at Sandy Lane on Barbados or the patio at Half Moon, the decor is not very Caribbean but this is Vegas and its upscale elegance that is cooling, calming and should be featured at the Hospitality Design Expo this week.  (love the bathroom, btw) The menu is just right for lunch.  Not so many choices that you are overwhelmed but just enough to make you go .. hmm do I want 1 of these, 2 of those etc.  I had my heart set on the vegetarian curry while my son was jonesing for the curried chicken.  Since he is a big fan of spice, he got a side of jerk sauce.  We also had the pan seared salmon (not native of the Martha Brae) and the jerked shrimp salad.  I could have nose dived into my curry bowl and lived happily ever after.  it was creamy, sweet and just a hint of curry. The vegetables were cooked to perfection and the chunks of onion and potato set off of the couscous.  Likewise the curry chicken bowl had huge chunks of white meat chicken, just the right amount of onion to highlight the curry and the couscous gave the dish some body.  It was an ample portion and we did get to-go boxes for a late night snack later. 2 thumbs ups as well for the fish dishes and we shared our curries as well.  The jerked shrimp salad was accompanied by an avocado vinagrette that brought out all the flavors yet wasn't overpowering.  While waiting for a 2go order we had dessert.  too many choices.  I was so tempted by the lime pudding but ended up with the chocolate mousse.  Much to my surprise they brought me the mini mousse, the lime pudding AND a pile of hand rolled truffles.  Gotta love a bistro that knows how to feed the phat chicks.  I had a truffle and a spoon of the pudding.  packed it all up and took it home.  Note to Jamaicaphiles..they serve real D&G Ginger Beer bottled in Spanishtown, JA.  If you are coming to Vegas and want to get away from the hustle and bustle of the strip for a few hours, there is no better place than taking a few hours at D W Bistro.  Def. worth the cab ride.
4	We went to this place the other day from Yelp reviews. The first thing you notice is the bright inviting colors and decor. The staff is friendly and personable. Inside and outside dining, with plenty of room between tables and structure. So here we go...Cons (in no particular order): The bathroom men's sink is not mounted on center, which appears to cause water flow over the back side. Not a huge deal, but for a clean freak it leads one to believe there will be mildew on the bottom of it eventually.Again, a bathroom thing; the refuse bin has no handle, so you must lift the lid with your hand or foot. It does appear to be made of bamboo, which is a nice environmental touch.Price is a bit much for a local bistro. That's a personal preference point, but still.I ordered the ahi tuna special, but was charged for the lamb chops. The price may have very well been the same, but I didn't notice it until after we left, so its a matter of distress to be sure.Pros (again, as they spring to mind):The staff is exceedingly friendly and personable. They make you feel attended to and welcome. One of the owners (Bryce) walked around to each table and actually talked to each guest (that I saw). Not the usual manager walk by you see, but a sincere "how are you, where are you from, what do you think" conversation.The food was phenomenal. Curry soup with just the right amount of zing. Seared ahi that was perfect for a fork on top of yellow and green beans that were done perfectly, with a nice crunch to them and not drowned in butter or oil. Excellent mashed potatoes. Generous portions of pasta and shrimp. Red Cake that was creamy yet not too overbearing. Strike that. If I weren't a guy I would call it luscious. If I were a violent man I'd have left that place, driven to the airport, hopped on a plane to Betty Crocker's house and slapped her across the face. It was that good.Two words: Ginger. Beer.Ordering an $8 shot of premium liquor gets you an $8 shot of premium liquor. Enough to fill a glass nicely.Definitely recommend DW Bistro for a nice quiet dinner after work, but also have not tried to brunch, so I can't pigeon hole it just to night dinning. There's absolutely room for improvement to turn it into a local upper scale place to hang out, but for a little restaurant in a strip mall they are off to a superlative start. I mean, when two of the only cons for a place are in the bathroom, you know it has to be on the right track.  Please give it a try and let me know what you think.
5	Great food and service!  We went for brunch and had two pork dishes - one was pork hash and the other was a chili pork rice bowl. They were very different, and both were exceptional! Next time we will try other items because everything that came outmode the kitchen looked great - and prices are very reasonable.
5	Went to DW Bistro for brunch with our large family.  Food and service were great.  I had the Jerk Pork Hash and it was very tasty.  Eveyone else enjoyed their meals as well.
5	Went to DW Bistro for brunch today with a large rowdy family with some picky eaters. They accomdated us and the little ones well. The service was outstanding, the cocktails and food were phenomeonal. Can't wait to go back to try for lunch or dinner. Everyone at our table was pleased with what they ordered. I had the nicoise salad, the tuna was seared perfectly. Others had a mix of their breakfast items, like chocolate pancakes to please the kids, and the jamaician hash. Definitely a new favourite place to go.
5	5 stars because everything was good!  Staff very nice, decor or eating inside or outside is great, food excellent. Be sure to get sweet potato fries!  BTW...Lauren is totally cool and awesome. She makes a fabulous late.
5	Update 5/8/13: I've been going here regularly for a while now and it's always good. Sometimes service can be a bit slow but that's more of an exception. Anyway, I heard DW won the Vegas burger challenge from a local food blog and I wanted to try it. OMG, that Santa Fe Chili burger was awesome. Great flavor and super juicy. This may become my new favorite burger. Oh, and like other reviewers said, get the carrot cake. Amazingly good.We went here the other day for lunch and were pleasantly surprised.  Food was tasty and fresh.  I had the short rib sandwich with delicious sweet potato fries while my wife had the chicken sandwich with side salad.The manager or owner stopped by and asked if it was our first time (it was) so he sent over some complimentary lemon pudding for dessert.  Nice touch.  The pudding was refreshing and not overly tart or sweet.  Great for desert when it's 100+ degrees outside.Would definitely go back but I have a few minor complaints.  First, they really need to offer an unflavored traditional iced tea.  Second, some of the things on the menu are no longer offered so a reprint would be nice.
5	SO delicious!  I met friends here when I was in town for the weekend.  Had perfect martinis at the bar- then got seated for dinner.  The short ribs are very flavorful and paired perfectly with the wine we were drinking.  They don't lie when they say they make the Perfect Chocolate Cake, either.  Service was friendly- ambience was fun and lively.  Hopefully, I will make it back on one of my visits to LV!
5	My wife Shelly, two friends Keith and Katie, went here for dinner the other night.  We had heard about DW Bistro from a friend and we thought we'd stop by before going to see 'Elvis' for a little pre-theatre dinner.  We were absolutely delighted by everything we encountered in this restaurant.  The ambience, friendliness of staff, service, and most of all, the food were amazing.  We literally could not stop talking about it long after we had left the restaurant.  Between the four of us we ordered the Fried Chicken, Turkey Sliders, New Mexican style slow cooked pork, and the Beer Braised Short Rib.  All four of us tried each dish and this is the first time I have ever been to a restaurant where all the dishes at the table were as outstanding as the next.  I had the pork and could not stop eating it.  It was so tender and so flavorful and all of the deliciousness of it was soaked up by the rice and made it the best rice I have ever eaten.  It was hard to finish for the fact that I was stealing bites of my wife's corbread, which was amazing in itself!  To top off the entire experience we met Bryce who we found to be one of the friendliest restaurant owners we have ever met!   We all cannot wait to return for another great experience and great food!
5	Buried in a strip mall deep in SW is something truly original for Vegas...Jamaican/New Mexican fusion dining.  Yes!!1) Owners Bryce & Don are simply fantastic, and represent well the great things that happen when 2 diff worlds come together.  2) I'm glad I got in while I could.  It will be reservations-only for dinner in a few months.3) fresh, light art deco-caribbean atmosphere.  4) fast, attentive service. 5) shrimp curry on couscous is savory, creamy heaven. 6) perfect chocolate cake.  Literally.  7) yellow watermelon infused vodka that needs no mixer...absolutely luscious!...100% worth the drive.
5	Zero complaints about this place.  I've eaten a lot of Jamaican food but didn't know what to expect from a place like this.  I definitely wasn't disappointed.The bread selection was great, including these amazing sea salt muffins.I tasted the pesto torte (app), the jerk ribs (app), the braised oxtail (main) and the jerk lamb (main) - all delicious.  For dessert, the cakes and pudding were equally delicious.Some pros: attentive, friendly service; cool decor; and they have ginger beer!Some cons: It ended up being more expensive than I would have expected, but it was worth it.
5	This place is beautiful, and the food is amazing. I think over all though, the best part of this place is Bryce, the owner. He is the sweetest person ever, and makes every customer feel like they are getting VIP treatment. I met him once while dining there, and he has gushed over me ever since. We aren't but aquaintances, but he is sincerely in love with his job, and all the customers!!!!  I went there for my 30th birthday and he comp'd a special drink and dessert. Prices are great, staff are great. If you want a hip and not snobby place to feel like you are truly a local, this is the place! Husband loves the salmon, I love the pasta. And be SURE to get carrot cake for dessert.
5	Second time...this time for dinner because I had to try it after we'd had such an excellent brunch.  I'm glad we went back.The curry soup is amazing.  The fried chicken is as good as the fried chicken at Michael Symon's Bar Symon (his signature dish  , which I recently decided was the best fried chicken I'd ever had.  Sorry Michael, it's a tie for first).  It's outstanding, and the chive mashed and truffled mac and cheese were...help I can't find the superlatives!When a restaurant names a dessert "the perfect chocolate cake", it's like a dare...so I tried it.  It is the perfect chocolate cake.  Baked perfectly, with some subtle differences between the cake, icing, and chocolate shavings.  I'm looking forward to many great dining experiences at DW...and the owners are great guys, which adds to the enjoyment.One last thing, the wait staff was attentive, helpful and knowledgeable...props to everybody.
4	Jamaican ginger beer, curry soup, Jerky seasoned filet, Carrot cake and capuchino. Everything was delicious!!!! Great customer service. The place is clean and modern. Very casual. Great place!!
4	4.25 Stars overall..... DW is only down the street and some from us and seeing that there were a lot of great Yelp reviews, we decided to come here on a Saturday night. One thing I noticed right away was that there were a lot of families with kids...so if you have kids, its kid friendly. It wasn't packed for a Saturday night which meant we didn't have to wait to be seated. Our server was very courteous and attentive. He asked if this was our first time and told us that that DW's is a Jamaican fusion type of food. He recommended the mojito with strawberry ice cubes for me. The drink was just a plain mojito and at 12 dollars a glass I'm not sure I would order it again. After looking at the menu, I was trying to decide on the Beer Short Ribs or Fried Chicken. The bf decided to go with the Fried Chicken and the server told me that they were out of the short ribs. I wanted something with their mashed potatoes so I ended up with the Salmon Special. We also ordered the Truffle Mac and Cheese on the side. My salmon was perfectly cooked.....a lil rare in the middle and cooked on the outer edges. When it first came out, I thought that it wouldn't be enough food....but boy was I wrong. The potatoes were ok....I still prefer Popeye's mashed potatoes. The chorizo I felt like didn't go with the meal, but presentation wise it brought color. The fried chicken was very tasty but a lil spicy for me, because with the gravy which was also really good was spicy too. The chicken was still tender and moist and the breading was the cornmeal which made it different. The mac and cheese was good nothing too special, but apparently not salty enough says the bf who doesn't really like salty things besides potato chips. We didn't get to have dessert, because we were too full. Overall, I thought this place was cool a lil pricey for some items, but we will be back.
5	They really blew me away - and it was just my first visit! There's nothing like seeing the fresh produce come in the door from the farmers market right as you enter- to then be wow-ed by the decor. The restaurant is done in clean, modern white and orange- with a pop of comfy antique wood pieces- nice eclectic blend of old and new.  The service was great- including the complimentary tasting of the (deeelish) Curry Soup- and we were just in for lunch.  Everyone enjoyed their entrees- from Seared Salmon to Jerk Chicken Salad.  Only down side...we didn't have time for dessert! After my 20+ years in food and beverage at high end restaurants and hotels- they definitely earned my thumbs up and I'll be back. Alot!
5	amazing, amazing, AMAZIIING.drinks, food, service, decor: 5 stars.being a bartender myself, i was pleased to find that not only could they make a mojito, it was the best i've ever had. the drinks did take an average of 10-15 min to arrive per round but it was because the bartender actually took the time to make them with love, care and expertise. you can tell by the product. it was perfection. worth the wait anyday.DW is a diamond in the rough (no offense, west las vegas)cant wait to go back!
5	Wonderful food, nice owners.
5	This place is simply AMAZING!! Was recommended to try it out by a friend and so glad I did. I had the tasting menu and the chef prepared a delcious 5 course meal for us plus dessert!! Also, I only eat fish no other meat and he was very accomodating to my dietary requests. The owner is very nice and came to our table many times to check on us and see how everything was going. The wait staff was superb, my glass never reached the half full point without a refill being made. Dirty plates were cleared quickly, everything was A+++. I also have a 4 year old daughter. This place is very family friendly and offer a great kid's menu that comes with warm chocolate chip cookies and a glass of milk for the kids at the end of their meal. We enjoyed our dinner so much this evening that we are going back for Sunday brunch tomorrow!!
3	After all the talk on Yelp and then another endorsement from a business partner i had to come by and try DW Bistro for lunch today. Upon entering the staff was very friendly, attentive, as well as helpful in my choices for dining and the generous smiles were a nice touch. The decor was like other said very classy, slightly sophisticated and clean and i could see myself back here for a light evening of drinks and appetizers by the bar or outside on the patio which is where i sat and had lunch. The menu isn't large but has a nice variety of offerings i chose the Curry Chicken and my associate ordered the salmon. Both came out nicely prepared and well presented, both tasted good but not anything outstanding in my eyes. I had a 7&7 although they had no Seagram's on the bar so i settled for Crown which a bar without Seagram's? And she had a pomegranate white tea that she said was excellent and looked eye pleasing as well. .I did have a slight issue with my take out order which i needed to take back to my support staff at the office. I ordered two Romaine salads with jerk chicken and please note that if you order a salad here it will not be chopped unless specified, so keep this in mind especially when taking it back to the office where utensils like knives and such might not be available. Also keep in mind that if you season the chicken on your salads that there is an additional charge on that as well so just be aware of what you are paying when you are ordering as it seems if you deviate from the menu then there are additional fees which in some cases are understandable. Because of the confusion with the salads and the fact that they were un-chopped when taken back to the office the ability to enjoy and eat them just didnt happen. Disappointed i contact the restaurant who was more than helpful in seeing that my experience was a pleasant one and corrected the take out lunch problem and was very interested in feedback so that adjustments could be made to see that mistakes like this didnt happen again. I believe management and service like this is what keeps privately owned restaurants such as this in business as there is a more personable feel to the whole experience and because of this event and the way that they handled it i actually am even more interested in coming back because you can usually rest assure that they will do their best to see that you are pleased at DW. And i just really gotta try that Pom white tea!
3	I was very excited to try DW Bistro due to all the wonderful reviews here on Yelp and other review sites.  My husband and I went on our anniversary, along with our 6 month old daughter.  I suppose that my expectations were set very high to begin with, and had I not read all the glowing reviews about this place I might have been more satisfied with our visit.Ambiance:  The restaurant is very clean and modern.  Good for a business dinner or a night out with the gals, but in no way condusive to a romantic evening.  The lighting was just SOOOO bright...and combined with the stark whiteness of the furniture and walls it ended up feeling a bit like I was dining in a hospital cafeteria.  I would suggest they turn the lighting down for dinner service, and that would improve the restaurant ambiance greatly.Service:  Our waiter was very cordial, and was very prompt with service.  Our glasses never neared empty, and any requests were seen to very quickly.  However, I wouldn't say I got any warm fuzzies from any of the staff that evening.  And I was truly disappointed that I did not see the wonderful manager that everyone in the other reviews keeps talking about.  Nor did I receive any of the special treatments that some of the other reviewers mentioned...free samples or desserts, or even a free drink as one reviewer mentioned getting for her 30th birthday.  It was probably clear that we were celebrating something, as we were clearly exchanging cards in front of the servers, but no one bothered to ask if it was a special evening.  Again, had I not read about all these "extras" in the other reviews, I would not have been disappointed that we did not receive them.  A huge disappointment from our server though was that he neglected to tell us there were any specials that evening, which I later heard him telling the table next to us.  It also sounded as though there was some kind of a tasting or prix fixe option, but we were not informed of that either.  I was quite upset about that.Food:  Portion sizes on everything were good, and the prices were decent.  The meal started with a bread basket brought by our server.  We opted for a pretzel roll and a sea salted muffin.  I was sorely disappointed by both of these.  They were both cold (not even room temperature) and dry...they seemed stale to me and my thought was that they were obviously not baked the same day, or even the day before, but were days old.  Later in the evening a couple next to us were saying "OMG...WOW!" when they ate their bread...so they must have gotten the fresh baked stuff.My husband ordered the Braised Oxtail and I ordered the New Mexico Slow Roasted Pork.  His oxtail was FABULOUS...tender and juicy and so flavorful.  My pork was good, but nothing special.  I wouldn't order it again. We ordered some Mac and Cheese as a side.  Again, it was good, but nothing special, and a bit pricey at $8 for a side dish IMO.  Definitely not as good as the mac and cheese at Roadrunner or Famous Daves.I had originally planned to order one of the cakes that were so highly reviewed.  But after our disastrous bread, I was afraid the cake would also be dry and days old.  So we opted out.All in all, I am willing to try it one more time, if only because the oxtail was so good.  I would probably not do dinner again though...maybe I would try it for lunch.
3	The second I walked into DW Bistro I was greeted by their overly friendly staff (a waiter and one of the owners, i believe). That warm and inviting atmosphere continued throughout dinner. But, despite how friendly everyone was, there were a few misses that made this a less-than-stellar experience.My son and I came here for an early dinner and ordered chicken fingers and the braised short rib, respectively. They do have a kid's menu with typical kid-friendly items such as mac 'n cheese, sliders and chicken fingers. I do have to give DW credit for putting their own spin on the kiddie items. The chicken fingers ($5) were real strips of white meat lightly breaded and served over a bed of rice with some veggies mixed in. My son (2 yrs old) liked the chicken but didn't touch the rice, but that has more to do with him being extremely picky than the quality of the rice.As for my meal, what came out was an order of their braised ox tail ($16), not the short rib. I was really hungry and didn't want to wait for them to bring out the correct meal, so I ate what they brought out and let the waiter know he screwed up. He was apologetic but didn't do anything more than that. Taking the dish off the check would have been nice... or a free dessert... something...The ox tail wasn't bad. It was served over a bed of mashed potatoes with asparagus and cucumbers. The meat was fall-off-the-bone tender but could have used more seasoning and there wasn't a lot of it. I also ordered a side of plantains ($7) that were fried nicely, making the outside of each piece crunchy while the inside was soft. Again, a little more seasoning would have made it a better dish.The atmosphere they're going for is trendy and chic but because of their location -- in a strip mall in suburbia -- they're almost forced to compromise a bit and be kid-friendly. I'm not complaining of course because I was with my son. And, I really appreciate the fact that they offered my kid a coloring book and crayons while we waited for his food. But, it does make for a slightly odd environment -- one that isn't upscale or popular enough to cater to only adults (a la Rosemary's) and cheesey enough to be a family destination (Claim Jumper, Cheesecake Factory, etc.).The bottom line is DW Bistro is a good off the strip restaurant with an intriguing menu, decent food at good prices, and very friendly customer service. But it's best for adults not kids, even though they'll make every customer feel welcome.
5	INCREDIBLE!!! DW Bistro is a wonderful restaurant where perfectly executed foods feature phenomenal flavors, and a friendly and knowledgeable waitstaff guide you through a memorable meal. It is new American with Caribbean influences. We dined here last Saturday. As we entered a few guests were at the bar enjoying a bite and a drink, and chatting with the bartender. A server (Joe) greeted us with a smile, and lead us to our table. The dining room is modestly lavished in shades of white and orange, it is like eating in a yogurt store/art gallery. (This is a good thing) The menu isn't so huge that one gets lost in the possibility, but offers a wide variety of dishes to enjoy. Our server Joe was professional, relaxed, and friendly, three traits that are hard to find in a server. Our Meal: Chicken Lollipops - The top of the drummette cooked perfectly in a sweet/spicy sauce, served with homemade buttermilk ranch and grilled pineapple slices. Wow were these good. They were light and crispy, and packed a deceptive kick of heat from the scotch dried peppers in the jerk sauce. If you're not big on heat, ask them to tone it down and they will gladly respect your preference. Nightly Special - Petite fillet, Salmon, and Shrimp served with sour cream mashed potatoes. Perfect amount of salt on my medium-rare fillet, the salmon had the most beautiful char, and the shrimp were succulent and wonderful. The mashed potatoes really paired well with the steak. Truffled Mac n' Cheese - Good Golly Miss Molly! This was so amazing, I cannot overemphasize how decedent yet light this dish was. It is also offered with bacon and mushrooms, which I didn't order but would add in next time. Bryce (sp) who I believe is an owner/front of house/superman, greeted us and took the time to see how we were. He really wanted to know us, as opposed to the often forced "How is everything" jab from an indifferent manager. It was great to have such a professional yet personable team at DW Bistro waiting on us. I overhead Bryce talking to another table about a white Pinot Noir from Oregon they had, and I was intrigued. I had to try it, so Bryce brought me a taste and WOW! This is an incredible wine. Very flirty with your palate, showing hints of flavor nuances then quickly retracting them to show you something else. Good luck finding this wine, it is extremely rare and usually sold only to restaurants. It is worth the trip for the wine alone. I will definitely be back to this incredible Bistro soon. Quit punishing your palate and your pocket, rediscover happiness in the form of food at DW Bistro!
5	I went here for lunch during restaurant week and absolutely loved everything - from the cute, modern space, to the friendly owner, to the creative concept (Jamaican, New Mexican fusion, say what?). Their restaurant week offerings were awesome and I really wish they'd consider doing something like this the rest of the year! I love small portions of things, so this meal was perfect. The first course was a yummy soup or salad, followed by pork three ways! Each pork was so freaking yummy. All were in different sauces and had just the right level of heat. Dessert was a trio of minis - red velvet, carrot cake, and a lemon something or other. Each bite was INCREDIBLE. I'm not much for desserts, but this was really great. I wish they'd offer mini desserts in the future !DW Bistro unfortunately isn't near my work or home, but it was so fabulous I must return. Vegas needs more of these sorts of places!!
5	We dined at DW Bistro tonight for our second visit, and everything I loved about this vibrant vacation from the mundane was reinforced.  The service was spectacular, the food, phenomenal.  We were greeted by the staff as if we were old friends, which is quite impressive since it was only our second time dining here.  All around the dining room were smiling faces, and cleaned plates, true testaments of a great restaurant.  I love DW Bistro, and so do you.  You just may not not know it yet.
4	DW stands for the owner's initial. The man definitely belongs to the front of the house. As for the ambiance, think Miami Vice. We had quite an assortment of brunch food here but the star is definitely the curry with couscous. The menu says vegetable but I definitely tasted chunks of chicken with it. Great news considering I love meat but my conscience wants be more bio-sustainable. The rest of the menu here I would say is slightly above average. The chicken and waffle looked fantastic but cutting into it was a big disappointment because it was missing a *crunch* factor. Another disappointment is that the waiter asked if we wanted to start with a bread muffin assortment. Most brunch places I've been, offer that for free but upon careful inspection, there is a steep charge for it. So you may be suckered to say yes thinking it's free.Yes the pricing seems $2-3 higher than it should be but that is nitpicking since the ambiance is quite unique for Vegas. 3.5 stars rounded up to 4
4	Love the decor, especially the bathroom, and love the service. I think everyone has touched on that. But one thing I'd have to say is I love how they make their omelets and potatoes. Everything just tastes clean, its hard to explain, but its very refreshing to eat a breakfast that doesn't taste like a slob of grease. I also am very intrigued by their side sauces (Jamaican ketchup and a papya ginger type sauce), they weren't amazing at first but I kept finding myself pouring a little more and a little more until half the bottle was gone!Again love the white and orange. The owners seemed nice, they stopped at alot of tables but never seemed to make it to ours, but hey I guess they were busy.  There isn't much negative I can say about the place, it's a place I'd definitely stop by again.
5	Stopped in DW Bistro for desert last night and was blown away. My group ordered the sampler; homemade red velvet cake, perfect chocolate cake, raisin-free carrot cake, and lemon-lime pudding. Amazing. And the service is nothing short of spectacular.While indulging myself in sugar, I gazed at the brunch, lunch, and dinner menu. I'll be back for all three meals ASAP. I just moved to town from NYC and have yet to see a brunch menu like this in Vegas. Thank you DW Bistro!
4	I had family in town so I decided to try DW Bistro for dinner.  So glad we did.We had to wait for some of our party to show up but they served us bread and drinks while we waited.  The bread is excellent.  Pretzel bread, brioche with onion and salt, and spicy lavash all with chipotle butter.  All were really good.  When the rest of our party showed up, the staff came back right away with more bread and ready to take more drink orders.Based on the reviews, we had to try the chicken curry soup.  It was all I could dream of and more.  A very delicious cream-based soup.  I ordered the fried chicken with gravy and cornbread.  The server also talked me into getting truffle mac and cheese.  All this was very, very good but way too much food.My sister got the grilled jerk chicken.  It normally comes with rice but she asked for the jalapeno bacon mashed potatoes.  When they brought the rice instead and realized their mistake, they also brought the mashed potatoes at no charge.  More food.  My husband got the jerk lamb shoulder.  It comes in a large bowl with rice on the bottom.  Once again, a lot of food.The jerk chicken and lamb has a good spicy flavor to it, but not too spicy.  Despite that, the staff is very careful about explaining which things may be spicy, even though people should know if the word "jerk" is in the name.  My sister's friend got the fish special of the day, which was actually a pretty reasonable portion size.  He was able to finish it all but the rest of us were stuck with leftovers, which wasn't a bad thing.  Everything but the gravy heated up nicely and tasted great the next day!But we didn't make it to dessert.  Next time.  I did get to try a raspberry ginger fizz made with raspberries, mint, ginger beer, and vodka.  Very pretty drink with a strong ginger flavor, which I always enjoy. It can easily be made virgin according to the staff.The service is really good.  Everyone is very interested in their product.  For example, the bread guy kept coming back to see how we liked the bread.  They are also very conscientious about refilling water and making sure everyone has drinks.All the chairs are plastic and I think they need to go.  They look and feel flimsy and cheap.  Also, they only have one stall restrooms and one was broken while we were there. One stall restrooms are one of my pet peeves.  But it's a great restaurant and I will definitely be back!
5	Drove by many times but never stopped in, boy was I missing out!!  This is for sure my new favorite brunch destination.  It reminds me of some great places I've been to in San Fran or downtown Sacremento, love the vibe in this place.  Service was friendly and atmosphere was great.  Food was AMAZING!!  I had the chicken and waffles, such great flavor, and the orange zest totally topped it off.  Chicken was super crispy and the waffles were a perfect mix of crisp outside, but cakey inside.  They offer a choice of hot sauces and with that addition it was even better, would totally reccomend this dish.Husband had the New Mexico Slow Roasted Pork Bowl, pork was so tender and flavors were just the right amount of spice.We also couldn't reisit the $20 bottomless mimosas and the lemon lime pudding with fresh berries and chocolate truffles.  I would HIGHLY recommend this place, everything was amazing, this is about to become my home away from home.
5	My friends and I just bumped into this bistro and was greeted very kindly by the staff.  We just sat at the bar and they had an amazing selection of champagne and wine. Of course i order the usual vodkha on the rocks with 2 limes and they recommended me to try Hanger 1 instead of my greygoose and wow i love this Hanger 1.We ordered appetizers to share. The jerk style chicken lollipops were delicious. Lots of spices to make it flavorful. The turkey sliders was okay. There was too much apple chutneyy taste to it. The Jamaican Chicken curry soup was amazing! I wanted to order more. That was my favorite dish. We met the executive chef and GM. The staff was really sweet. I noticed when every customer that came through the door they all knew each other like it was family in that restaurant. The decor was very chic and but stuffy. Great place!
5	1st time x'perience - LOVED IT! quaint place and off the beaten path...trust me, it's really good food! And the red velvet cake is so good.
5	I was introduced to this restuarant this week and I will definitely be back! The staff was pleasant as well as fully knowlegable about each dish. Highly recommend and fully expect this restaurant needing a reservation for seating once the word gets out.
5	Every single person we saw provided excellent service and greeted us warmly and genuinely:  greeter; server who took our drink order; main server; and the chef (and owner?), his colleague sitting next to him at the bar when we left (co-owner? manager?), and the bartender.The food was excellent.  The three adults had slow-cooked pork: one bowl with rice, one bowl with couscous, and one hash.  The accompanying homemade tortillas were lovely.  The two-year-old had big, adult-textured, rustic chocolate chip pancakes and a side of bacon.Yes, two-year-old.  The hip and vibrant decor suited all three generations.  And my Bloody Mary came with a giant bacon garnish.  Oh, hell yeah.
5	Yep, I still love DW Bistro.  It reminds me of some great neighborhood spots in LA, something Las Vegas is lacking on big time.This time around I had the Jamaican Chicken Curry soup.  This is a seriously delicious soup.  The dynamic and complex flavor profile was developing with every spoonful.  The soup is a coconut milk based soup rich with yellow curry, green chilis, jalapeno bacon, Chicken, and Shallots.  It packs a subtle yet substantial heat without overwhelming the other flavors. The Jamaican Chicken Curry Soup is wholesome and loving.  It feels like you're a little kid again, and your mom is wrapping you up in a  blanket fresh out of the dryer.  Feel the love!
5	OMG!! RUN don't walk to DW Bistro. The mix of Jamaican and Southwestern fair at this establishment creates a foodgasm on your palate. Their curried chicken soup is like something mama would make to comfort you on a cold winter's day, the meat on their dry rubbed ribs falls off the bone, and their macaroni and cheese with truffle oil bacon and mushrooms will make you want to slap yourself it's so tasty.  Tired of the knick knack covered walls at your run of the mill chain restaurants? Well you'll find nothing of the sort here, the ambiance of this place makes even a Vegas local feel as though they have been transported to a chic boutique eatery  where both young and old are welcomed by tangerine walls and a star lined bar. To top it all off the service is second to none, our waiter Ernie and the manager Bryce made us feel like old friends. This is the place you want to bring your out of town guests or dine with friends and family.
4	This place has a very modern and trendy feel. Oddly, it reminded me of the cafes in Portland Oregon.The persimmon infused vodka drinks were delicious, but definitely pricey. The bloody mary was tasty and garnished with a giant piece of bacon! The fried chicken was tender and flavorful, perfect! The Jamaican curry chicken was awesome, the curry had a unique flavor and wasn't too overwhelming.  Good drinks, great food, I will definitely go back--and next time I am saving room for dessert!
4	It's nice. It's contemporary. It's bright.  It has a good social atmosphere.  Yeah, I'd probably come back sometime in the future.  Although I enjoyed the atmosphere, some of the food did not stand up in comparison.  I had brunch with some friends, and the other three had traditional breakfast items that were not spectacular.  Not bad, but again, nothing impressive.  My husband did get the chicken and waffles, and as many other yelpers have complained, the waffles were a little tough and not crispy at all.  I did thoroughly enjoy my vegetable curry with couscous.  The curry was flavorful and just delicious and the freshly made couscous complimented very well.Again, worth trying again.
5	We really drive quite a ways to eat here regularly. The food is superb, but the fun part about the DW experience is interacting with the owners, Bryce & Dalton. It's one of those places where the owners take pride in their restaurant & make it worth the trip. AND, once you've gone a few times, you can brag to your friends that you know the owners. A few random observations: The atmosphere is trendy; there's a quaint outdoor eating area; they close early on Sundays & are closed altogether on Mondays which is unusual; the food is jerk-style, so if your sensitive on spicy food like me, your choices may be limited, however, if you're feeling extra picky, just ask & the chef will make something special just for you. You don't find that individual attention every day! They acquired the space next door - I imagine for more seating, banquets or special events. Either way, I'm sure they will be successful. They got something good going here.
4	If you like your food with a little kick this is the place for you. A unique menu with lots of interesting choices. I will be sure to come back to try more.  I had the Enchilada dish and enjoyed it but the Jalapenio bacon was amazing.Came back for brunch and the food was even better!
3	Just finished dining at DW Bistro.  This small restaurant is definitely very likeable with it's well-lit, clean, modern decor.  There's also the option to dine at the bar and the outdoor patio.  The vibe is business-casual to upscale.  Service was good even though there a few small bumps (nothing to raise attention to).  Also, the owners greeted us with enthusiasm, which I thought was very professional.Foodwise, everyone gets an assortment of breads with chipotle butter.  My fiance orders a cup of the Jamaican Chicken Curry soup.  Wow, that stuff was good.  The soup's viscosity was more of a chowder, and had a smokey flavor with hints of curry.  Unfortunately, there were about two spoonfuls left before our server took it away.  On to our entrees...  He ordered the Jerk Filet that comes w/DW house rice.  There was no rice, boo.  Instead, garlic mashed potatoes that were just average.  I wonder if the DW rice is good?  I tried a small bite of his filet which was cooked medium rare.  The filet was cooked wonderfully.  However, be prepared for JERK!  We realized it is a jerk filet but the jerk was very overpowering, which in my opinion is somewhat wasteful for a filet mignon.  Todd said his food was good but HOT (we're home now, and he says he's still perspiring)!  His only side dish was the DW Sauteed Corn, yummy!  My entree was the Chicken with Roasted Garlic & Cream Sauce with Bowtie Pasta served with sauteed garlic, prosciutto, shallots and seasonal vegetables.  The dish looked stunning and everything was cooked well.  Unfortunately, it was quite bland.  I really wanted to like it but it just lacked flavor.During the course of our dinner we had three glasses of wine, two rieslings and one pinot noir.  I must say I really liked the pinot noir which was by Alta Maria.I really want to like DW because we were quite happy with the dinner breads, chicken curry soup, and sauteed corn--all of these were amazing.  I just have to assume we ordered the wrong entrees.  The mishap with the mashed potatoes is understandable as well as the soup being taken away a bit early too.  With all of these calculations I feel three stars is where we'll have to leave DW.  We'll be back to try some other things and would love to award five stars.
4	Lovely spot for a Sunday brunch. The decor is modern, bright and trendy.  It reminded me of a cute NYC or LA indoor/outdoor cafe. The menu had an interesting mix of omelets, berry french toast, chicken and waffles,   tuna nicoise salad, and sandwiches served with sweet potato fries.  I could tell the owners really take pride in making their restaurant special and unique-- even down to the variety of hot sauce bottles.  My only complaint is that the service was very very slow.  We were sitting for 10 minutes before we were even approached by our waitress.  Other than that it was great!
4	I cam here by accident, some friends brought me in....but I can tell you I have been back several times. The service is fantastic and the food is homemade and tasty. My only negative...I am not super impressed with the desserts, but that wont keep me from going back.
4	The hubby and I came to Vegas on vacation and a couple friends who live there wanted to take us out for dinner.  DW Bistro is definitely wayyy off the strip, but it was actually nice to get away from the Vegas lights for a couple hours.  Little did we know that our friend was practically famous here.  He knows the owner (so this review may be lopsided....) but the food was SO good, so it still deserves the 4 stars for sure.  We had the Jamaican jerk ribs as an app, which was well spiced and had just the right kick in the face to get the meal started.  I had a fairly basic chicken pasta dish, the husband and one of our friends had the fried chicken and our other friend had the curry soup.  I should have ordered what they had because the pasta was good but nothing outstanding about it.  The fried chicken was juicy and the sauce that comes with it was GREAT.  They also have great seasonal cocktails and mojitos.  I would love to come here again and maybe my husband can teach Bryce how to tie a real bowtie.  =)Thanks to D & V for taking us here, and to Bryce being such a great host!
3	Woke up on a lazy Sunday morning thinking "brunch"! So I searched nearby on the yelp app and found DW Bistro A Caribbean-American Place.  Perused the menu and it all sounded delicious.  Located in a strip mall, this place has a great layout and concept.  Bright vibrant colors greet you as you walk in.  There is a bar inside that's great for eating and getting drinks while you wait for your table. The restaurant is on the smaller side so I assume on a Friday/Saturday night there will be a wait.  The bartender greets us and seats us at a 2-top.  Our server took a minute to greet our table but the party next to us was large (~10 people).  He took our drink orders...but failed to talk about any specials going on. We ordered the seasonal fruit with fresh cream and mint. Which came out promptly and was fresh and delicious, not exactly what I expected for $9.00 but delicious, oh, did I mention that there was no cream on the plate. A healthier options...but still...cream is easy enough.My partner ordered the Jamaican Jerk Fried Chicken and Waffles.  The batter was great! So savory but with a hint of sweetness to it, lots of herbs and spices went into the batter and seasoning. The chicken was all white meat and juicy and the batter did not weigh it down at all. The waffles were slightly sweet and married very well with the savory-ness of the chicken.  The syrup that accompanied the dish was lighter than syrup and more of a sauce, light, sweet...and herb-y. The dish was a cohesive thought and was very well executed. However, my entree did not fare so well.  I ordered the DW Nicoise Salad.  It came with seared ahi tuna and a mango-Dijon vinaigrette.  I was excited to eat this retro salad, however it fell so short! There was dressing on my salad, but it didn't taste like anything. Everything was bland.  There was no seasoning on the terribly seared ahi tuna.   No amounts of salt and pepper or even hot sauce could save this...huge disappointment, but it will not deter me from going back to try this place for dinner.
5	My friend and I went to DW Bistro for the first time this evening and it was lovely! The food was delicious, inventive and decently priced. The atmosphere was chic yet comfortable and the staff were helpful and attentive.We really loved the community feel and the fact that the owners were out and about in the restaurant greeting guests [as well as letting us know they have a great brunch on the weekends. ; )]Bummed that it's so far away from my house, but we will definitely be back!
2	Let me preface this two-star review by saying I'm sure my negative experience here was a fluke and that I am in the minority.  But here's the story, morning glory:Got to DW Bistro, sat down, our waitress looked a little frazzled.  Ordered a lemonade and was told that drinks were running behind.  Finally got the lemonade 10 minutes later.  Waitress came over and took order for food.  And we waited.  And waited.  When the table next to us (who sat down AFTER us) got their food before us and we gave a quizzical look, the waitress came over and admitted she forgot to put in our order because she was helping another server with his table, and she put it in JUST NOW.  Ok...that sucks, but thanks for admitting the mistake.And we waited some more.  Then a table who ordered their food AFTER the server really did put our order in got their food before us, too.  By now, my husband and I were upset.  We were told they would take care of our bill for us and apologized again.The silver lining: when we finally did get our food, it was pretty amazing.  I got the grilled vegetable sandwich and my husband got the BLT (which is HUGE and you need to eat it with a fork and knife).  Be careful of the bacon...it's jalapeno bacon and very, very spicy.I'm giving DW Bistro two stars because even though the food was delicious and I thought it very respectable that they gave us our meal for free, the service was pretty horrific (10 minutes to get drinks, 35 minutes to get food) on this visit.  I have hope for this place and WILL try them again, and then hopefully I can amend this review.  But for now...2 stars.
4	Great atmosphere and pretty good food!We went for brunch and ordered a bunch of things.  The Jamaican Chicken Curry Soup was my favorite - very flavorful but I'd prefer a little more heat.For the chicken and waffles, the chicken was well seaonsed and not dry considering many places can mess up a fried breast.  However, the waffles were a little on the dry side.  The flavor was spot on though.Other favorites were the New Mexican slow cooked pork.  This is served in several ways.  You can get it in a bowl atop rice and an egg.  Or you can get it served in an omelette.Whatever you do, if you go in a group, have one person order the slow cooked pork.  It's great.  Heard the cury vegetable couscous lacked some heat.  I think they should have it like a Thai setup with a 10 point scale.  When I think of Jamaican influences, I think of bold flavors. Everything was good...Some items couldve had some more heat.  Will def be back for dinner.  This place deserves all the hype.
4	Awesome atmosphere. Our server, the blonde lady, was nice and informative. Great place to stop for lunch or have a business client meet. I would have rated it five star, but the menu was a little limited and flavor combinations repeated themselves often from dish to dish.
5	This is the only place I reccommend in town! You'll find me here each sunday for brunch and mimosas, lunch during the same week, and on a date night for dinner. I love the welcoming staff, the entire menu, and the vibrant decor. I can't get enough of DW Bistro!!!
4	My favorite off the strip dining! I usually try their Dover Sole special and am not disappointed. Their turkey burger is always on point and sweet potato fries are the best! I've had servers remember my entire order from previous experiences, which was a nice bonus. I've only had 1 time where I wasn't wowwed, and that was because they didn't inform me they were out of the sides for my entree, and failed to substitute them. Owners are awesome and staff is super friendly!
5	WOW DW Bistro keeps amazing me, first the food just keeps getting better and better. On thursday for lunch my server went above and beyond customer service. She recommended  the most tasty Jamaican Jerk Chicken Sandwich I've ever had; BELIEVE ME WHEN I SAY I WILL BE BACK FOR MORE! and they were celebrating their 1st year anniversary
3	We had brunch here yesterday. The hubby & I got a seat right a way when we arrived but the host seated us in a table that was not prepped with silverware let alone cleaned off. There was a perfectly ready table right across that he could have seated us in instead but what ever. Half a star off. Our food took over 1/2 an hour for the fist dish to come out. That's defiantly one star off. What we ordered:- For starters: DW chicken lollipops $12 This was served under cooked. But we didn't complain cause by the time we were served the hubby & I were famished. For what ever reason I was thinking this dish would be crumbled-up chicken rolled up in bread crumbs and served on a skewer. Instead it's drumstick chicken with the the ends cut off to make the lollipop look. I wasn't impressed only because the bone exposed where shared and there was bits of shared bone on the meat. Over priced for my taste. Another 15 minutes later we get our main dishes.- The hubby ordered: DW bowl of New-Mexican-style slow cooked pork $11. This dish came with a lot of kick and was delicious, I speak for my husband too, lol. Definitely worth the price- I ordered: Jerk fried chicken & waffles $14 Now when I was ordered this I was thinking of Roscoe's chicken & waffles just w/a Jerk flava. I sure wasn't reading the description when I ordered this, lol. As stated the chicken was served on top of the waffles. I'm not a cook per se but I don't think that's a good idea. Well the description goes on to say atop crispy waffles but if not served right a way it withers down and takes the crisp a way, which it did. But I must say their signature syrup was delicious. The chicken though was slightly over breaded but came with a good amount Jerk flava. The atmosphere is really nice, I agree with the other comments it does look like the inside of Ikea. Aside from the Jamaican hot sauce bottles and the color splash in the restroom it could use a dash more Caribbean feel to make it complete. The restaurant fairly sized with outdoor seating but deng it got pretty loud inside, lol. The house manager was nice enough to make his rounds and check on guest but of course misses our table so another half star off. I know it's sound a little petty but it makes me feel because I'm brown, lmfao. So overall 3 stars for now. I say that because we're definitely coming back to try out their dinner menu and who know's we might get to meet the owners next time.
4	DW Bistro has quickly become one of our favorite local restaurants.  We have been multiple times and frequently bring our friends.  The look of the restaurant is ultra-modern and chic.  Everything on their menu is delicious with a Jamaican/New Mexican spin.  The Jamaican Jerk Chicken and Waffles are my absolute favorite.  Their specials are always worth trying since their cooks invent fantastic dishes daily.This would be a 5-star experience if it weren't for the inconsistent service.  There are 3 waitresses here who all seem somewhat scatter brained.  They're all very friendly ladies, but when it's busy, you can guarantee that you will be forgotten for a while.  There are also inconsistencies with a couple of menu items (the bowl of fruit doesn't actually come with fresh cream or fresh mint and the New Mexican Bowl comes at varying levels of spiciness).
4	I have to agree with My T. on this one, the ambiance is unique for Vegas.  I have to also agree with Thao T., it is very bright and contemporary.  And last but not least, I have to agree with Duy L, the owner (DW) is a very amicable guy.  You can tell as soon as you see him that he is the owner and takes pride in his food.  (BTW the above shout outs are all long time friends of mine, I just wanted them to feel cool)Okay moving on, the place itself is very feel good.  Bright lights, very fun, friendly atmosphere.  The food is very good in my opinion, we had the brunch.  I had the breakfast sandwich.  Packed with flavor and not too greasy, which is always a good thing.  I tried my friends Chicken and waffles, but there is too much competition out there for this to be the best.  And the curry was excellent also, I could have devoured my friends plate.I would come here again, it stands out in Vegas.
1	My girl and I went here for an early dinner yesterday.  For starters, we waited over 5 minutes before a server even came over to greet us.  No big deal.  Drinks came out quickly and soon the appetizer we ordered (chicken lolipops).  It was pretty good albeit just dressed up, snazzy chicken wings.I ordered the filet and my girl ordered something that we later found out, after waiting 10 minutes that the kitchen was out of.  So, she ended up ordering the lamb.  We both ordered our meals medium.It took over 40 minutes to get our meals.  Pretty bad considering there was only 3 other tables filled in the restaurant.  When our food came out my filet was burnt and my girlfriend's lamb was extremely rare.I told the server of the problem with my filet and sent it back.  Didn't send back the lamb because my girlfriend had loaded up on bread during the hour and 20 minutes we had to wait to get our food and she wasn't hungry anymore.Another 30 minutes pass and I finally get the new filet only to have it also well done.  I didnt complain, just accepted it and asked for a togo container for both meals.We got the check and I was told the cook was new and was in training and the server apologized for the screw up on our meals.  He then said that instead of charging us for 4 glasses of wine that he only charged us a bottle.  Fantastic, I thought until I saw how much each glass cost.I dont mind paying a good bit for a quality meal however in my opinion just about everything except for the chicken wing appetizers was mediocre if not subpar.   I have had better mashed potatoes out of a box.  I ended up paying over $100 including tip.  Grossly over charged considering the experience and the quality of the food.After spending over 8 years as a server and front of house manager in restaurants I know what to expect and how to treat customers.  We should have never been allowed to pay for the filet and the manager should have dropped by to ask and comment on the filet.  Totally unacceptable experience we had.We won't be returning to DW Bistro ever again.
3	Ok I have to say that this is a restaurant that I really want to believe in. I believe that they are better than what I experienced, food wise, and I will return there one day for dinner expecting more. Ok so on with the review. I went there for lunch and was really smitten with the decor, derive and patio. Its a beautiful place to eat. Their lunch menu had a nice selection.of Caribbean and southwest inspired foods .I had the shrimp and chorizo appie, curry.chicken bowl and.the portobello mushroom burger. Although each item was true to the cuisine they were all just missing that little extra something that made this reviewer give it 3 instead of 4 stars. The flavor just wasn't quite developed enough for me but I have a hunch that by dinner time that flavor that makes Caribbean food so good will have woken.up. Until next time DW.
5	There are not many restaurants that are walking distance from my house so when this place opened, I knew I had to check it out! DW is great from the moment you walk in - the servers are all so friendly and the decor is trendy and stylish. I have only been here for brunch but I have been a handful of times. I try to order something different each time I go and each time is better than the last. When you're craving something sweet the challah french toast with caramelized bananas will certainly do the trick or go for the pastry basket with fresh scones and chocolate croissants. For the savory breakfast, I cannot praise the jerk pork hash enough. It is just the right amount of spice and the potatoes are delish! My friend had the chicken and waffles and is still raving about them to this day. Mimosas and Bloody Mary's (with a strip of spicy crispy bacon) are an absolute must for Brunch. Yum Yum Yum!! Now I just need to get over there for dinner....
4	The only thing stopping me from giving this place 5 stars was the service.  It's not that the service was bad, just slow.  The waitstaff was busy, I just think they needed another waiter or 2.  They also have the most uncomfortable plastic chairs!They don't have a wine list here, but they will bring you samples of a few wines to try which was a very nice touch.  I think we sampled 4 different wines before choosing a bottle of the Dirt Red.  2 of the 3 us picked this as our favorite.On to the food!  It was delicious!!  We started with appetizers - the curry soup, the house salad and the cream/goat cheese with pesto.  The soup was fantastic and the pesto was some of the best I've ever had.  You could tell it was fresh, not made with fillers and it was not nearly enough to go with the huge piece of cheese.  We asked for a little more pesto and our waiter brought a small dish with plenty for all of us.For the main course, we had the vegetable curry, the jerk baked fried chicken and the shredded pork with red chiles.  Everything had great flavor and was a huge portion (we all brought home leftovers).  Our waiter forgot to bring our side of corn, but that was okay after we saw the size of our meals.  We did splurge on dessert and went with the cake sampler platter; a slice of carrot, chocolate and red velvet cake.  Now for a sampler, we expected to each have a taste of each flavor, but nooooo, it seemed like there were 3 almost full slices of cake on the plate.  All the flavors were good, but not spectacular.  I'd skip this next time easily.I for sure will come back here next time I'm in Vegas, it's not that far off the strip and well worth the drive!
5	I wish there was more to praise about DW Bistro than I previously posted, but I must stress the service, presentation and the creations are what makes this a hip, chic, neighborhood bistro. Having a martini delivered to you and your guest when you enter the door is classy and very much remembered. Of course there was a slight wait before a premium seating was available, but that's what the martini was for...to allow you time to relax and get comfortable with the dining atmosphere.The wait staff was extremely attentive and ensure your experience was a memorable one.I could rave about the crispy salmon, oxtail, and even fried chicken. If you like a little "kick" in your courses, there is plenty available.  Don't forget their daily mashed potatoes...I ordered some by themselves "to go!"Desserts are also not to be missed...red velvet cake, carrot cake or their sampler are all meant to be shared (if you want to!).I hope they continue with their expansion and encourage you to experience this little gem tucked away in the western hills.
3	I love the concept behind this restaurant.  It is trendy and affordable.  Some items on and off the menu however can use a little fine tweaking if not revamping.  We ordered a couple of appetizers including a DW appetizer special for the day and the oven roasted baby back ribs.  The ribs were ordinary while the calamari was terrible! I mean, have you ever had candied calamari before? I have, here! The sugar and breading that coated the calamari made the dish a tough and unappetizing one. It's a good thing the entrees made up for the starter mess.  For entrees, we had the jerk lamb chops, jerk chicken scampi over linguine, the filet with bordelaise served over mash f the day, the pan seared salmon and the Jamaican curry chicken. The lamb was juicy, cooked to my desired doneness and seasoned perfectly.  The filet with bordelaise was so so, I've had better breaded fish.  The jerk chicken scampi over linguine was really good.  I recommend this one for anyone who likes to try something new and delicious.  Unfortunately, I did not get to sample the pan seared salmon nor the Jamaican curry chicken. No desserts were ordered as we were all very full.  The price is absolutely reasonable for the portions.  One thing I like about the place is that the owner of the bistro comes around.  He remembers his patrons and engages in conversation with them.  Another plus to the bistro is their corkage policy.  We brought three bottles of wine and enjoyed it and shared it with everyone in our group.I am excited about this place.  It is promising.  They just need to work on their specials and their starter menu.
4	This restaurant is a nice hidden gem on the west side of the valley.  Trendy, cool, and fresh.  It's a fusion restaurant with influences of Jamaican and tastes from New Mexico in their cuisine.  This place is perfect for a date.  When I walked into the restaurant, I first noticed the chic decor, artwork, and open space.  They have a patio area, but my friend and I ate inside since it was full on a Friday night around 7:30 p.m.   However, we were seated promptly.I was going to make reservations in advance, but noticed on their website that they only take them for parties of 8 or more.  When we asked for a wine list, they didn't have one but I didn't care since I'm not a wine connoisseur.  We just took recommendations from the waiter.The price points for the cuisine on their dinner menu look reasonable.  I ordered the chicken with roasted garlic & cream sauce over bowtie pasta which was a generous size portion for $13.  The presentation of the dish was impressive and the temperature of the meal when it came to the table was just right.  It was warm enough, but not too hot.  The flavors blended well.  Delicious!    Dessert was amazing too!  We ordered a chocolate whipped cream which melted in my mouth.I definitely recommend this place and will be back for sure to try other things on their menu.
2	I decided to check this place out ,been on the radar for a few months .  It was pretty empty, kinda scary.            I got the chix curry soup DW salad as starters the soup was a little salty for my taste it had a nice curry / coconut flavor , wife loved it.       we also tried the jerk chicken salad the chix was flavorful ,but the breast looked like half of one very small., it came with jicama , orange, mac nuts and a mango vinaigrette. The salad was dressed really light ,for my taste.     I had the braised short ribs with a port bordelaise sauce the short ribs were tender but the sauce was  thick and had a non discript flavor , kind of muddled flavors.   It was on a bed of mash sweet pot? It was orange  like sweet potato,but did not have the sweetness of sweet potato? The color threw my taste buds for a loop, because every bite expecting sweet but getting a bland mash potato flavor, not good to mess with my taste buds like that, bad.          My wife had the special which was the dover sole in a tortilla crust , it was a large piece of fish . over mash with 3 sauces, red roasted pepper sauce , mango/pepper sauce don't remember the 3rd sauce lots of things going on in this dish , which in this case was a good thing ,because everything worked well together. it had better at  $38 it better rock somebody's world and it did , wife loved it .        They had a nice bread basket that you chose out of , I had the brioche it was very good, wife  had the pretzel bread , before i could see about getting another piece of bread the butter was whisked away, wth. Tight with the bread?        We had the caribean ,chocolate bottom pie with bananas , it was awesome. Pretty much if  a restaurant has some kind of banana dessert, I will get it, glad we did.           Service was lacks, when the server was there, he talked too much then , he would disappear for awhile. The servers mostly looked  young ,i'm guessing a little bit inexperienced.          Menu is very imaginative and with some of the dishes was spot on and you can tell the chef has skills, just a little bit more fine tuning and I would not hesitate to come back , but for the prices I expect a little more bang, sorry .
4	DW is perfect for brunch. I am always looking for delicious breakfast spots in town. The decor here is modern, chic and Caribbean. I love the Red Stripe chalk board with the tide time on it. Nice touch.I had the jerk chicken and waffles and mybuddy had eggs benedict with jalepeno bacon! SOOOOOOOOO YUMMY! The chicken was perfectly crispy with orange zest infused in the crust. Each dish was around $10 but there were cheaper options. They have great outdoor seating for those beautiful mornings.
4	I've wanted to try this place forevvvaaa and it totally met my expectations.  It's a little off the strip mid tier hip type restaurant.  I wouldn't call it high end but it definitely has some high end qualities to the options and presentation in their foods.I ordered the braised short ribs with a glass of their house cab which went very well together.  The short ribs literally melted in my mouth.  Tender and soft as expected.  The dish also comes with some purple mash potatoes.  My first thoughts were.."oooo purple, must be something unique" but......they were not.  Pretty bland and actually chunky mash potatoes.  If they let you substitute out a side, I'd go for it.What really surprised me was their chicken curry with "cus cus?"  Very tasty and the portion size was also huge.  The filet was juicy and loaded with flavor as well.Will definitely come back to try more
5	DW Bistro food delivers. A perfect balance between spicy and sweet. Well worth a trip away from the Vegas strip to satisfy your taste buds. Plenty of ambiance and great martini selection.
5	Can't say enough great things about DW. This place has been highly recommended by many and I finally went for dinner with a business associate/friend who is a regular mid-week in June. The decor and vibe is terrific - tucked into a shopping center on the SW side of town. The entire staff is incredibly warm and welcoming. Met one of the owners, Bryce. Terrific guy and incredible entrepreneur. My friend enjoyed the blood orange martinis. I had a glass of terrific sauvignon blanc. Also tried a salad and sampled the truffled mac and cheese as well as the salmon entree. Brought home leftovers and my husband raved about the truffled mac and cheese, studded with bacon and mushrooms -- pronouncing it "just right."   Everything was fabulous, including the bread.  I'm anxious to return for lunch and brunch as well.  I hear the pastries and desserts are incredible.
4	Cute little spot.  We need more little indie spots like this one.  Caribbean-inflected menu.  Lots of jerk-spiced stuff.  The food didn't blow me away, but the service and overall experience make it worth a trip.
5	This place is my favorite little spot in Vegas these days. I have not only been a part of a large party dining there, but often go and sit at the bar by myself for dinner. For a hot spot, they are also very kid-friendly. The atmosphere is always trendy, but cheerful. Dalton and Bryce are by far the most inviting hosts I have ever met-and boy can Chef Dalton cook! Pros:*The cute bartender- San who makes the best margarita's in town.:)*The mouth watering turkey burger*All Pastries*The fresh- locally grown vegetables*Chicken Curry (Dalton style)*Fried Chicken*The imported Jamaican products such as their own ketchup, hot sauces,   Ting drink etc.*Their home brewed iced teas, fresh squeezed lemonade, and rum or vodka infusion to add to drinks.*Sunday Brunch (all you can drink mimosa's for $20!)Cons:You eat so much, you nearly split your pants. :)I can see why this fairly new restaurant is thriving-Cheers to DW! Thank you for consistent, incredible food and service.
5	OMG! I had dinner there last night and it was amazing. The service was great and the food was out of this world. I had fried chicken with creamy jerk gravy...all I can say is yummy!!! I also had a tropical fruit desert...so good. Prices were reasonable for portions and quality of food. Great place.
5	Another amazing meal! There is a fine attention to detail in every dish I've tasted here. I ordered two specials: a seafood ceviche with a honey chipotle sauce that was hot, sweet, and perfectly balanced, followed by an entree of  sea scallops and filet over celery root / roasted garlic mash. 5 stars all the way. Can't wait to go back.
4	Walked in with my mom & aunt and loved the decor right away. Was a little disappointed when the server came to the table and when I asked for regular iced tea they only some sweetened kind, but she made up for it by telling me that they had fresh lemonade which was delicious. Then another serve comes around with a basket of bread of two choices pretzel baguette or brioche bun that comes with a chipotle mango butter. I suggest the brioche bun it was delicious.     Now onto the food....For an appetizer we had the pesto torte which was a creamy tower of goat cheese and cream cheese topped with a sweet chili sauce macadamia nuts and a little pesto served with crackers and lavosh on the side. And for someone who doesn't like goat cheese this was a great way to try it.Though the menu isn't too big reading all the choices and descriptions can make it hard to decide since everything sounds so good and the server seemed to have raving reviews of everything on the menu which made it even harder lol. So when we did decided to order I went for the DW chicken because I tell myself if they have fried chicken and cornbread on their menu it better be as good as possible because I am very picky about my fried chicken and cornbread...and live up the the standard it did. The chicken has a kick but not too much and is simply served on top of a bed of satueed mixed vegetables with a huge chunk of cornbread which they top with melted honey butter and a bowl of gravy on the side. My mom got the New Mexico style chili pork which comes with 2 eggs on top whatever way you want them. It was a huge portion of slow cooked spicy pork on top of a bed of white rice. My aunt got the roasted garlic chicken pasta which was really light for a pasta that had a cream sauce. We purposely didn't finish dinner so we could have dessert and even though there was no menu the server recited all the wonderful choices from memory even the specials which sounded good but we opted for the jamaican carrot cake and was once again not disappointed in the least bit. The chunk of cake was so beautiful and so big that as good as it was we couldn't finish the whole thing amoung the three of us.So to overview decor amazing, all three courses amazing, house made lemonade amazing, and service amazing. I will definitely make this a regular spot.
4	Tried DW's brunch for the first time today with family. Outstanding. Innovative. Delicious! Special thumbs up for the staggering and inventive variety of savory non-egg items! (My husband doesn't do eggs so I have a tough time talking him into brunching with me. Even he loved DW's brunch!)
5	Always consistently great service and food. Tonight we indulged in Bryce's "special" blood orange martini's and a couple of appetizers. Never disappointed, the drinks delivered and food spot on. Love the rib appetizer and "shrimps" with chorizo. We always leave DW happy...
5	I hesitate to hand this review out, because this is a rare occurence in Vegas, and I may lose my secret foodie heaven. Anyplace that can take something as mundane as a grilled chicken breast sandwich and turn it into something so unique and flavorful that I crave it, is extraordinary. I have had at least 5 other entrees there and none have disappointed. The jerk chicken and waffles is phenomenal. Slow cooked pork with New Mexico chili topped with over easy egg is spicy love in a bowl.Great service, friendly atmosphere, full bar, super specials, just go..
4	Wonderful!  Great anytime--especially for weekend brunch.  Nice neighborhood place!
5	Hands Down, the best restaurant i've been too since living here in Las Vegas. One of the chefs, Chef Green made a portion of our food and delivered not only a great presentation but an amazing burst of flavor on our pallets. We went for brunch, everyone was so friendly. The ambiance was relaxing and inviting. The owners came around and spoke with us. He's such a humble individual, you'd never know he was the owner until he says his name. I'm a photographer and the art they have in their main lobby is AMAZING. Must see for yourself! I need to go back and try their lollipop chicken. I mean Jamaican infused goodness, great services and a fun environment to be in, that's a recipe for a great experience. LOVE LOVE LOVE this place.
5	This is probably one of the best local restaurants in Las Vegas. Everything is excellent: the food, the drinks, the service, the decor, the ambiance...it really doesn't get any better than this, for a local spot. As an avid foodie, I was very impressed. We went there with a party of four people, for an early dinner seating. We were greeted nicely and were seated immediately. As for the decor, it is a nice mix of modern with hints of rustic. I wouldn't necessarily call this place eclectic, but it's somewhere along those lines. The industrial feel of the ceiling is a great touch. We shared two appetizers that were mentioned as specials by our server who, by the way, was exceedingly attentive and knew the entire menu by heart - but not in a "this is what I'm supposed to tell you" kind of way. One appetizer consisted of a few shrimp, drenched in a garlicky, lemony sauce, with generous portions of chorizo sausage. They are served alongside buttered bread, making them excellent vessels for leftover sauce. They were absolutely delicious. We also shared the BBQ ribs, which were also delicious and perfectly cooked. They fell right off the bone, and thankfully did not taste overly smokey (no moist towlettes necessary either). The ribs come with a side of grilled pineapple, which perfectly complemented the meat portion. Overall, we were quite impressed by our choice of appetizers.  As for our entrees, we decided to share four plates: jerk lamp chops, chicken curry, slow cooked pork, and braised short ribs. Without a shadow of a doubt, they were all amazing, and it was hard to decide which was the best. We could have done without the lamb chops, as you can basically get those anywhere, yet the ones they serve at DW do have a hint of delicious jerk seasoning, but were somewhat overcooked. They are served over roasted, seasonal vegetables. The slow-cooked pork is served in a bowl, atop white rice. The sauce is very spicy (though you can tell your server how you feel about spices), and tasted similar to a Mexican "pibil" sauce (made with achiote paste), or a Mexican mole. We couldnt' really identify the ingredients used, but they tasted delicious! As for the short ribs, these were also excellent...perfectly cooked in a melt-in-your-mouth manner. They are served alongside one of the best mashed potatoes I have ever tasted in Las Vegas. Lastly, we shared the chicken curry, which is served in a large bowl. It tasted nothing like Indian or Thai curry, but had a distinct, garlicky sauce that was to die for....perfectly seasoned, and perfectly cooked. I thought the string beans added the perfect amount of crunch as well. And, the curry is served over cous cous, which absorbs the creaminess of the curry and is really quite amazing. We couldn't decide on a dessert, so we went for the dessert sampler. Little did we know that we would be served full-sized portions of different dessert items. There were three cakes: red velvet (delicious, with white chocolate shavings on the cream cheese frosting), chocolate mousse cake (very chocolatey and, surprisingly, not very heavy), and Jamaican carrot cake (it was probably my favorite of the three). Also, there were hand-rolled chocolate truffles...delicious. And, a lemon pudding that was refreshing and velvety. We couldn't finish it all. For drinks, we tried their version of Mojitos, which were made with fresh lime juice, muddled mint, and strawberries. We only had one each, as we felt that if we were to go for a second, we would immediately feel a buzz. We loved this place, and cannot wait to go back soon, especially for their brunch service on Saturdays and Sundays. The only negative thing I have to say is that they were out of their DW chorizo and saffron rice, which I would imagine is to die for. I'll have to go back and hope they have it then. We each ate for around $50, including drinks and tip. And finally, I have to say that I love the location of the restaurant...it's in a nice, quiet neighborhood that seems very lively and happening at night.
5	It wasn't love at first site, but after my return visit I see the light. The food this time around was excellent. To start, a beef carpaccio that was rich and savory. Followed by a seafood gumbo was filled with crab meat and spices that warmed the soul. For entrees we shared their delicious signature salad featuring pecans, orange slices, and goat cheese that was lightly dressed with a balsamic vinaigrette. Along with the salad, we dined on a medium rare filet with borderlaise sauce served over a heaping mound of blue cheese mashed potatoes, green beans, and tomatoes.To finish the meal we had a piece of their house-made carrot cake with white chocolate shavings and fresh berries. It wasn't your typical carrot cake. It had a much lighter texture than the dense spice cake found elsewhere and it was a bit sweeter with the multiple layers of cream and the white chocolate. It definitely satisfied my inner fat kid.Unlike my first visit, the stellar service and food left me craving a return visit before I even left.
5	Hip and tasty!  I jones for the Turkey Burger. Private room for events
5	LOVE DW Bistro. Everything I've tried has been fantastic! I've been there countless times since they opened one year ago. I always take out of town guests here too....so nice to have such a fantastic place off the strip. Well done Bryce and Dalton!
5	Unique, Bold and Mouthwatering Cuisine!!! Everything bursts with flavor! Do not be afraid of the "Pickapeppa" hot sauces-an added plus!Very fresh, hip and clean atmosphere. Great decor! Owners are always present. They seem to pour a lot of love into this operation, and it shines through on the plate. Always a great experience. I don't think DW is capable of disappointment.
4	A Sunday requested off work for my birthday clearly means one thing: brunch. I decided I wanted an intimate brunch with a few friends in order to celebrate, and after hearing about this place through an acquaintance, we set off to DW Bistro.The restaurant itself is gorgeous - bright, well-decorated with gorgeous artwork, modern. We waited about ten minutes before actually being seated, which was understandable for a Sunday brunch. Once seated, however, service was sporadic - uncomfortably attentive at first which eventually drifted into long unexplained periods of absence. My friends had ordered both the Blueberry White Chocolate Scones and the Pastry Basket. The former were absolutely orgasmic - light, airy, studded with fresh blueberries (though lacking in the white chocolate department). They were then featured in the latter, alongside Chocolate Croissants, turnovers of mysterious fruity containment, blueberry muffins, and cranberry almond scones. The chocolate croissants were delicious - rich, flaky, perfect. The others were somewhat lacking - mediocre at best. As for entrees, both a friend and I ordered the Jerk Chicken and Waffles while the other ordered the Tuna Nicoise salad. The chicken and waffles were delicious - ordinary at first with a kick of spice bites later. As for the Tuna Nicoise, huge pieces of Ahi tuna were barely seared atop greens with all of the normal accoutrements. Mango on the side was a random, but welcomed addition to the salad. As for the portions, the prices definitely are right on. All of us finished half of our entrees before calling it quits. More into service, there were long gaping moments were no service was to be found - extremely awkward when you're trapped in a restaurant's alcove with a table of gay men casting judgmental eyes toward your outfit! The worst part of the DW experience was handling a price discrepancy for the Pastry Basket. As we received our check, we found that we were charged extra for an upgraded pastry basket when we asked for the one specified on the menu. While I took a detour to the bathroom to avoid conflict with the waiter, I came back to the tail end of the conversation to which our waitress bluntly told my friends that while she'd fix it, that the price she charged was ultimately right.  Food wise, DW Bistro has me mesmerized - I am smitten. However, service was lacking, but when I think of those blueberry white chocolate scones, it isn't enough to discourage another visit.
5	DW Bistro is as good if not better than Vintner Grill in Summerlin. It's probably better because it's a little cheaper and a lot easier to get a table and find. My friend and I ordered the smoked turkey panini. I know boring as all get out, but if they can't do a smoked turkey panini correctly no sense in trying the rest. What came out was a heavenly lunch without all the bull crap. The service was beyond superb (except for the no-split check rule, which should be addressed by mgmt). After working in restaurants and eating at them all the time it was nice not to have a service staff that had it together without trying so hard.  They don't use your name 3 times, they don't try to upsell, they don't try to start awkward small talk, the don't run around because of being short staffed. Essentially, this restaurant is transported from another city.The panini was f'ing fantastic. A toasted sub can go one of two ways: it can kill the roof of your mouth with food falling out the other side of the sandwich or it can add more structure to the bread ensuring that the delicious ingredients stay in place. Their sub was perfectly assembled, just the right amount of dressing and the meat was in ample portion. It was spicy, cool and flavor loaded all in one. It came with sweet potato fries and a dipping sauce and  even the portion of that was perfect.They really must work on the size of their glassware though. They serve a tasty pomegranate iced tea in a Pilsner glass with a straw and the thing is about 14" tall on the table. Unless standing or at the bar, you have to scoot the glass into your lap every time you take a drink. Leaning it just didn't seem right.Aside, from that I was a happy camper. If you don't split checks, don't make a point to argue the fact. The server was really nice about the whole thing, i.e. no eye rolling. But, break out the calculator and do the math. Business ppl have expense reports to turn in and an IOU from friend to friend just isn't official in the eyes of the IRS.
4	4.5 starsThis review is for the Restaurant Week 2011 Breakfast.This was my first visit to DW Bistro.  I've been going to try it but never thought about going there when I was thinking of a different place.  Restaurant Week 2011 gave me a great reason to go.The breakfast menu (good only Saturday and Sunday) had 3 courses.  The first two courses had three choices each and the third course - dessert - no choice but you didn't need any choice.  More on that later.For my first course, I chose the DW oatmeal with toasted coconut and cream.  There were fresh berries including blueberries, red and yellow raspberries, blackberries, and some currants.  The toasted coconut added a texture and flavor that made this a great dish.  4/5 rating.For the second course, I asked the advice of my server and I went with the crab cake Eggs Benedict with spicy Hollandaise and breakfast potatoes.  The crab in the cake was excellent.  The spicy Hollandaise was great, and the house potatoes had a zing that made them very tasty when compared with the normal fried breakfast potatoes.  5/5 rating.Dessert course -- talk about decadent!  As I said, there was no choice for the dessert course because it was a sampler of four of DW's desserts.  They were: Red Velvet cake, whipped peanut butter pie, lemon-lime pudding with one blueberry (neat presentation for this), and Jamaican black bottom banana cream pie.  5/5 rating.Service:  My server was Maggie and I never had to sing "Wake Up Maggie May."  She was on top of everything including getting me a clean saucer and a clean up from some spilled coffee--without me asking.  She also recommended the crab Benedict because it's not available all the time but my other choice is on the regular menu.  That's what a good server does and Maggie was superb!A few little minuses - the oatmeal could have been served a bit hotter; what ever happened to spoons in restaurants in Las Vegas?  Do we have a severe spoon shortage of which I'm unaware.  I didn't get one with my coffee, but I didn't need one as I drink it black.  She only knew I didn't need cream.  What about sweetener?; and, the noise level was a bit high for so few people there.  There is little wall covering to absorb the sounds.  It wasn't bothersome, but it was noticeable.Now that I've been here, I know I'll be back for dinner and another breakfast to try the jerk pork hash.
5	The only disappointment was that the DW does not stand for "DarkWing Duck."This is a cute little place tucked up on the far southwestern side of Vegas. The DW, as I was told, stands for the first initials of the owners, D and W. I noticed it on a list of restaurants participating in Restaurant Week (a local charity event), and when I got a recommendation from one of my managers, it went on my list of places to try.But when our crew got there and looked at the regular menu, the prix fix Restaurant Week menu went out the door as we looked at all the tasty brunch options. The eggs were tasty and unique. Scrambled eggs left sitting can get hard and un-delicious. Yes, I said un-delicious. But somehow, the eggs here were softer and tastier than other places. The toast is made from some kind of sweetened bread, and when you top it off with their apricot preserves, it's some kind of wonderful.Elite Emily had the Jamaican Omlette, and Mama Elite had the New Mexico Pork Omlette. Both were mighty satisfied. Hector stuck with the prix fix Restaurant Week menu, which garnered him some crab cakes with eggs benedict, which looked good.But here's the kicker: save room for dessert. You must have this carrot cake at DW Bistro. No, really. You must. You should actually go right after this review. Because God bless the person who first created this carrot cake. It uses the standard carrot cake ingredients, plus pineapple, macademia nuts, coconut, with a cream cheese frosting and liberally spotted with fresh berries. It's about the size of a house, so make sure you're sharing.Holy god it's good. I'm pretty sure I made my O-face at some point.The atmosphere is nice: it's a quiet bistro in a small spot. The staff was really friendly and attentive. I feel a strong "family" vibe, if you catch my drift.It's kind of a ways away from me, but I would be totally open to coming back again. Might be a great setting for a date? Just sayin....
5	Finally got a chance to check out DW with my two fella, my mom and friend over the weekend. We came for restaurant week but were too enticed by the rest of the brunch menu, so we ended up ordering a la carte, all of us but my main fella that is.Located in the old La Madonna restaurant location, they keep up the tradition of great food for this very unassuming strip mall.I ordered the Jamaican Style Omelet, my mom ordered the New Mexican Slow-Cooked Pork Omelet, my friend Ryan B ordered the Eggs any style plate with bacon and my fella got the Restaurant Week menu  and had the pastry basket to start, the Crab Benedict for his main and the dessert trio for dessert. We also all shared a ginormous slice of carrot cake to top all that already decadent meal off with. My omelet was great. Fresh corn, New Mexican green chile and eggs. I grew up eating green chile and eggs and the addition of fresh corn was unexpectedly delicious. My mom's dish was amazing. The pork and chile were out of sight. I plan on ordering that again next time only with the rice instead of the egg. It was a bit on the spicy side for my poor mom so we switched dishes halfway through the meal. My fella's crab benedict was delicious as well. Good texture and very fresh. Everything here is so fresh, that I have to hand it to them for! The desserts were delicious as well. They were all light despite how rich and decadent they were. The carrot cake had fresh carrot and ginger shaved into the layers and the white chocolate shavings on top were my personal favorite. The spice levels were right on point and the portions were generous. The prices are actually pretty good as well. Definitely an A+ experience.The staff was extremely welcoming and super accommodating. I look forward to my next meal here, hopefully I can check them out for dinner some time, their menu looks amazing!
4	Oh DW Bistro, you have stolen my heart!One of my co-workers is friends with one of the owners and can't stop talking about the place (excellent free advertising!), so I finally made it over for their Restaurant Week brunch and now I can't stop talking about it! Even though the trek here is a day trip for me, this could easily become my new favorite crosstown obsession.Firstly, the place is adorable. Brown and orange are the restaurants theme colors and serve as accent colors within the restaurant which has mostly white everything-tables, chairs, booths. This could have been a disaster-all white, blinding, sterile-but the restaurant is nothing but cheery and friendly.We got the Restaurant Week brunch menu-I got the pastry basket and crab cakes Benedict and my friend got the bloody mary shrimp cocktail and jerk chicken and waffles. I don't have much of a sweet tooth so the joy of the pastry basket was lost on me save the berry muffin, however I could've drank the bloody mary cocktail sauce and was sad I didn't order it. The shrimp were huge and plump and that sauce....oh that sauce. I want to jump into a swimming pool of that sauce and never come out. It was a mix of cocktail sauce with a little kick and some chopped avocado which gave it a nice creaminess and cut right through the tang of the sauce. Simply perfect.Crab cakes and jerk chicken were spectacular! What I loved most about the benedict was the English muffin-hear me out. So often the fault of the English muffin with the benedict is that it is so dang tough you end up knifing right through the plate trying to cut through it. Egg yolk everywhere, hollandaise sauce disaster. It looks like a benedict massacre after you're finished and it's just not pleasant. At DW I think not only did they use the absolutely freshest English muffin, but they cut off the edges (which is sometimes the culprit of benedict massacres) and toasted it to perfection. Winning combo for an egg benedict. The crabcake was good, but not really standout to me, however the dish as a whole was great. I'll be back for the jerk fried chicken & waffles!Their show stopper on brunch days (Saturday and Sunday) is the bottomless mimosas deal (and bloody marys I believe as well). You can either get one for $12 or unlimited for $20. For a girl who can drink her weight in champagne, this is the ultimate brunch stop!A testament to their overall greatness is the line out the door-it was PACKED when we got there! The word is out: DW Bistro is the spot to be on Sunday morning and pretty much every other day of the week (except Monday-they're closed Mondays).The owners are incredibly nice and as we dined, Dalton and Bryce both went around table to table introducing themselves and checking on people. You just don't see that too often these days and it's great to see that they set a standard for their staff in terms of customer service and follow it.DW-I'll be back and that's  a promise!
4	Plenty of natural lighting, vibrant color scheme (white and orange), and tasteful decor instantly scores an A on my restaurant decorating score card.  And the cheerful greetings and friendly smiles vaporizes any lingering traces of everyday life stress that you might have brought with you as you crossed over the threshold. As far as I was concerned, I was in near Zen state to enjoy whatever deliciously food the kitchen has to offer from their Restaurant Week lunch menu.As I was seated at my table, I was offered a choice of DW's own beverage creation. I opted for the Pomegranate Iced Tea, which was served in a tall slender glass with a wedge of lemon.  It was refreshing and not at all tart, a great start to any meal or a pick me up after a spa treatment. And below is my review of the three courses served as part of the RW DW Bistro's Lunch Prix-Fixe menu. First Course: It was a tough choice, but I went with the DW Spanish Chorizo with Shrimp & Summer Tomatoes (instead of the Farmers Market Fresh Berry Salad with Grilled Pineapple & Jerk Pomegranate Dressing - which garnered a lot of attention from the ladies at the next table while they were still debating what to order).  With the elegant and not over the top presentation, fantastic flavors from the Spanish Chorizo and nicely cooked shrimp and tantalizing tomatoes, this was easily my favorite item of the meal.  And lucky for me, it is available on their regular menu!Second Course: Trio of Sliders. Maybe it was the whole food truck phenomenon in the past year, but my mind was made up when I read sliders.  Although I did forced myself to read the remaining options, out of standardized test taking habits. The plate of sliders on mini brioche buns and sweet potato fries looks great.  The sliders individually are small (smaller than Slidin' Thru's sliders) but all three of them combined into up a fair amount of food.The first slider I tried was the Jamaican Jerk Pork, which left a noticeable puddle of grease on the plate and underside of the bun. My first and only Fuku Truck burger experience, complete with the horribly grease-soaked buns that I suffered through did an instant replay in my head before I managed to locate the mental stop play button.  Luckily, it was a lot less grease, but still a sharp drop from the excitement from the first course. Slider #2 was the mini-me-sized DW Turkey Burger.  The turkey was juicy, and the mango pear apple chutney combined to make miniaturized fireworks in my mouth.  If the regular sized burger has the same juicy turkey, then I will happily order that again on my next trip back.  Favorite #2!The last slider I ate was the New Mexican Red Chili Pork Slider.  It has a kick to it, but I felt that it was missing something. Maybe crispy fried onions for a little crunchy texture or over-easy quail eggs for the addition of the rich and creaminess of the egg.Third Course:DW Trio of Desserts featuring Red Velet Cake (was good), Lemon-Lime Pudding with a fresh Blueberry (a spoonful is not enough,I want more!) and Jamaican Black Bottom Banana Cream Pie (Not sure if this was what I was served? But the chocolate dominated the other flavors, which wasn't bad as I have a weak spot for chocolates).  Overall, the lunch was good.  Definitely top notched wait staff that flawlessly attend to the guests while they dine.  The appetizers seems to be the star here,at least for me, and I would come back just for that section of the menu alone. Ambiance:  5/5  From the other reviews I am not alone in thinking that they hit a home run with their interior decorating concept and execution.  Care to give me your interior designer and contractor as a referral?Service:  5/5  Just simply pleasant without being over the top.Price:  4.5/5  Looking at the pricing and the portions of the regular menu items, it is a nice lunch spot to go to recharge for the rest of your day.  Items are mostly in the $10-$13 range, which is more than the average lunch specials, but is a great deal considering the upscale surroundings and pleasant service.Food:  4/5  Some items are perfect, others needs some more tweaking are needed. Overall, still great food.Location:  SW Las Vegas.  Pretty far for out-of-town visitors staying on the Strip.  Definitely a cool spot for locals that work or living in the area.Solid 4.5 stars!  I am an excited fan hungry for more.  Burp!
3	My roomates and I went here for Brunch today.  They were excited to try the special menu for restaurant week and I wanted to see what they had for vegetarian fare.  Pros:  great atmosphere and decor.  Food (once it got to our table) was delicious. Waitstaff was nice. Clean. Good Parking.  Veggie Portobello burger with sweet potato fries was amazing and so were the pastries. :)Cons:  no Host/hostess to greet you, so it is a bit confusing where to go to be seated.  Understaffed, so what should have been in and out in 45min to an hour was over 1 hour and a half.  Our waiter, who was very sweet, perhaps had too many tables, even though it was not busy, and would tell us 3-4 times our food was on its way.  15 min later it would arrive.  Not OK.  and this was for EACH course.  We would go back, just to see if it really was the waitstaffing problem- because it was really tasty.  However, maybe call ahead? I don't know. Hopefully they will hire more people in the front or the back and move it along.
5	I had the fried chicken and it was awesome. Jerk seasoning made it spicy. Get the carrot cake. It was amazing. Great service.
5	So I always get scared trying new places that hv great reviews because I usually don't agree, but this place was fantastic!!!!!The service was wonderful, the cocktails were yummy and refreshing and the food was amazing!!! Yes, amazing!!!!One of the owners stopped to say hello and was helping the staff as needed. The other owner was at the bar making the tasty cocktails. Overall I had five people in my party and we all left satisfied already planning our next visit.
5	OMG! This place is SOO GEWD! I ordered the classic braised short rib sandwich and my friend ordered the Jamaican chicken curry. My sandwich was excellent. The meat was really tender braised to perfection and the jalapeno bacon added another dimension of flavor. What really set it off was when I tried some of their recommended Jamaican hot sauces to the sandwich. One was a mango type hot sauce and another a gingery type and both were slightly sweet. The grace hot sauce was more hot but more of a vinegar based. Combined all the sauces on my sandwich took it to a whole different level. You have to get the carrot cake hands down. Trust me! SOOO GEWD!!!! Not too sweet and not too rich, perfect! Best carrot cake I've ever eaten, hands down!10/11/11 - Update... Had the special chicken sandwich with salad, can't remember the name of it though. Again the food does not fail to impress. Had the chicken flautas appetizer too, which was quickly devoured. To finish it off I tried the red velvet cake with white chocolate shavings. The cake was moist and light and not heavy or too sweet. Still my all time favorite is the carrot cake. I can't stop recommending that cake to my friends...
5	Awesome food, service, and atmosphere! A refreshing restaurant for Vegas.
4	My 2nd visit here and I decided to rate them.I really like the atmosphere and the service is stellar.  Hence the 4 stars.My first visit was less than impressive when it came to my dish.  For a classy restaurant like this, I expected much more.  I had a grilled shrimp salad and it was a single heart of romaine lettuce with 3 grilled shrimp that were cold and tasted like they were prepared the night before.  Not worth the $16!I hesitated to return and would have likely given them 1 or 2 stars had I rated then.Today's visit was inspired by my colleagues, who swear their food is always stellar.  I opted for a curry chicken bowl which was fantastic.  Very fresh vegetables and perfect balance of flavors with a little spicy kick.So, along with the nice environment and wonderful service, DW has redeemed themselves.  4 stars.
1	I went to DW Bistro for lunch with my brother and his wife while visiting from out of town. My brother is a chef and this is one of his favorite places. I ordered a simple BLT. After 35 minutes of waiting for the food, we started to get a little restless. Our waitress simply stopped coming to our table altogether. We asked another server and ten minutes went by. Then we asked another server and the food for my brother and his wife came in about another 5-10 minutes. Although the restaurant was busy it wasn't all that packed.I had to wait another 10 minutes to get my food. At this point we had been at the restaurant for about an hour. It became obvious that they didn't even start cooking the bacon for the BLT until after we complained twice. The waitress never even came back to our table and we were served for the rest of the meal by another waiter. I have never left a restaurant in my life or sent back a meal. I am generally polite and congenial and I really don't believe I did anything or said anything that could be interpreted as offensive in any way. I felt personally insulted by this whole situation. I don't understant why the waitress simply stopped coming to our table. I don't understand why we had to wait for 45 minutes after we ordered for them to start cooking the meal. None of the restaurant servers, managers, or other employees would even talk to us to explain what was taking so long, how much longer we would be waiting, or what was going on. The BLT was good, and they ended up providing it for free. Yet, I would skip this place for a restaurant that understands the basic principles of service.
4	4.25 star. I had the turkey panini with new Mexico chilis. Very good. Moist, immense primary flavor. Clear secondary flavor of the NM chili. Bread was oily and hard at the edges. Crispy and soft in the middle. Sweet potato fries were good. Each fry had salt flakes attached. Not the best I had, but above average for sure. Price is worth it. They have an interesting menu that is definitely worth trying a couple of things. I normally just grade food quality, but I must add that the service was prompt, polite, friendly and great. If I graded on service, they would get 5 stars for sure. I would recommend this place and I will be coming back.
5	Chicken curry...mmmmmm. Came here on a lunch break, pursueded via fellow helper reviews. Decor, vibe, staff, and most of all..food was great. Oh and the I have ONE thing to say about the carrot cake ... Holy sh*!..got dam!, woow, that's some tasty slice of goodness.  I will be back to try the rest of the menu.
5	Food, atmosphere, and taste.Try it for yourself.
5	OMG!!! WHERE DO I BEGAN L0L.... This restaurant is amazing!!!! It is freshness you can taste; the decor is very modern and elegant. The actual owners come out and serve you... they shop at different farmers markets around town, hand picking all ingredients used in their menu. And did i mention the food is fa-nominal... This restaurant hands down is one of the best i ever eaten at and that's says a lot.
5	Love this resturant.....when you walk in you feel like you are in some swanky down town hot spot! Besides the amazing atmosphere the food and service is even better! all three time I went there the owners came up to the table to make sure everything was perfect!
5	I tried this place for the first time last Sunday and it was amazing. My friend and I are going back today to have brunch again. I love the fact that the one owner walks around helping his staff and talking to people that come.
5	This place has been my favorite brunch spot for years now. Staff is overly friendly in a good way. This is why this place gets 5 stars:1) Best Bloody Mary's in town2) $20 all you can drink mimosas on Sunday3) Best turkey burger in town4) best pastry basket, ever. Try the guava goat cheese croissantEvery dish I have had here has been amazing. Only drawback is the weekend crowds. Expect to wait an hour on the weekends.
3	It was my first time visiting this restaurant. The food was fantastic! The signature salad was delicious. The Pesto torte appetizer is a must have.The waitress was friendly and helpful. The atmosphere was great. The only reason that this rating is not higher is because the bartender left his shift with no one to take over. I was looking forward to trying a signature cocktail.Hopefully, I when I return to Vegas the bartender will be there.
3	Waitress wasn't too knowledgeable about what was in the curry soup. Everything they make is with bacon. Bacon on chicken sandwich, BLT, Bacon on this, bacon on that... so if you like Bacon this is your place!  Our food took a while to come out, the place was packed for a mid week lunch.  Motif is awesome, outside seating looks great too. I'd go back and try it again, but I wouldn't send anyone out of their way quite yet to try it.
5	Went back for dinner.  Breakfast is the true star at this establishment.  How do you top fresh croissants and guava and goat cheese tarts?!?   But DW Bistro offers some really great grub for dinner too.  The fried chicken is truly amazing, seasoned with jerk spices and fried golden, crispy and just the right amount of greasy.  We had a nightly special dish - red snapper with shrimp.  Crazy good.  We also had the braised short ribs and they were so good too.  So many things to love about this place.  The cherry on top is that the service is always great here.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!  My husband and I have eaten there a few times.  The service is good!  The decor and the atmosphere is even better!  The food is beyond AMAZING!  One of the owners has always been there when we visited and has personally come to check on us!  Being I can walk there they will probably know me by name soon enough but I highly recommend taking the drive if you have the chance!
2	Our foursome was looking forward to trying this place based on the reviews.  We came in at 4:00 looking for a late lunch early dinner and were disappointed to learn that they only serve "brunch" on Saturdays and Sundays. Dinner doesn't start until 5:30.   Who wants pancakes at 4:00.  :(.   With our work schedules being m-f we will sadly never get to try them for lunch.  We will try again for dinner sometime.
5	Let me just start by saying that this establishment is quite the find! The staff is friendly and provides exceptional service, the drinks and food are tasty, and the cherry on top is the ambience, which provides a dynamic and relaxed environment that fosters great camaraderie with those you are dining with. Modern to all the senses, this is one bistro that I will not hesitate recommending to all my colleagues, friends, and family. (^_^) Definitely Classy
5	We drive by this place all the time and finally decided to give it a try.  We were early for dinner, so not too many tables, a few sitting outside, but inside was empty.  We got a couple of things to try as appetizers, like the Jamaican chicken curry soup with fresh New Mexican green chilies, spicy but subtle. And we got the DW signature salad - baby field greens, caramelized pecans, orange segments, seasonal bell peppers, topped with goat cheese and served with balsamic vinaigrette.  Both of these were yummy!  Enjoyed them both.For entree, I got the Dover sole special of the day, and it was a really large piece of fish, over a bed of mash, and smothered with three sauces, red roasted pepper sauce, mango with pepper sauces and the third was another chili sauce.  All of these worked well together, and I really enjoyed the plate.  I'm a fish lover anyway, and these flavors were so unique, I enjoyed it's freshness.For desert we got  chocolate bottom pie with bananas.  Very delicious.  A good meal with a Yuppie kind of feel, I'd go back, but my hubby, might hesitate mostly due to prices.
4	What a hidden gem off the strip!  We came across DW looking for a place that could accommodate about 14 of us for an "after Thanksgiving brunch."The waiter was super helpful.  He explained to us that the chef was Jamaican who trained in New Mexico - thus the twist on Tex Mex menu and the AMAZING Jamaican chile sauces on the table.  These are to die for (in fact, we bought a couple bottles to take home, the Gingery Mango sauce was really special).  The waiter recommended several dishes, and so we ordered a bunch and had brunch family style.  It was a hit!In order of yummines, must eats in BOLD:CHILAQUILES - This was AMAZING!!!  I've only had this dish once before (and my Chinese family never), so the waiter described it as a quiche baked in tortillas.  It really was the hit of the table.  Especially with the mango sauce. PORK OMELETTE - This dish had a much fancier name on the menu, but GET IT.  A really yummy twist on an omelette with the shredded pork and spiciness.CHICKEN and waffles - I bolded only the CHICKEN cuz it really was the star of the dish.  It is breaded in this jerk concoction, which is AMAZING.  The waffles were buttermilk, on the heavier side, and just Eh.  I think they might have a similar chicken dish for lunch (maybe on a salad?), that would be heaven.PASTRY BASKET - The ladies really loved this.  A huge assortment of pastries - scones, croissants, cinnamon buns, etc.  There is a smaller $8 version on the menu, but this special $12 version was a huge hit.  Perfect with a cup of coffee.French toast - Made with challah bread, so it was thick and soft.  The maple syrup is really tasty, but compared with the other dishes I mentioned above, this dish was just OK.Chocolate chip pancakes - Really nothing special about this dish.===Would I make a special trip from the strip for this place?  Maybe not.  But definitely if I'm visiting family in Rhodes Ranch again.
5	I went there for brunch on Sunday, and had a great experience.  The place has a very calm relaxed atmosphere.  It was packed, but it didn't feel like it was.  The staff was very friendly, and they had a musician playing little acoustic version of 80s and 90s hits.Food-wise, it was excellent.  I had the Jerk Chicken and Waffles.  The waffles were a tad overcooked, but I didn't mind because they were delicious.  The chicken was thinly pounded, and covered with breadcrumbs and jerk seasoning.  Think of it like the chicken you would get with a Chicken Parmesan, not a giant mound of chicken like you normally get with Chicken and Waffles.  If I had one comment, I would have liked more heat (I love spicy food,) but it was great nonetheless.My date had the Turkey Burger.  It came with Sweet Potato fried that I couldn't stop eating off of her plate.  This is the first time I had Sweet Potato fries that weren't overcooked and hard.  They were crispy on the outside, and soft on the inside.With all of this, we had Bloody Marys (it is brunch, afterall.)  They include olives stuffed with Habanero, and a piece of bacon.  I will now go back just for the Bloody Mary alone.Price-wise, not too bad.  The giant plate of Jerk Chicken and Waffles was $14.  They could have charged $20 and I would have paid for it.Definitely going back.
5	DW Bistro was one of those places that I was never too sure about. The Yelp reviews made it sound sensational, but the menu never really excited me too much. A couple of weeks ago, bereft of any other new option, the wife and I headed here and promptly had our concepts of "taste" redefined.Now, let me set everyone straight right off the bat. When you see "fried chicken" on the menu, we're not talking about a battery chicken drumstick of the sort served up by the corporate monstrosity that is the legacy of Harlon Sanders. We're talking about an intricately seasoned masterpiece of wonderfulness, served with equally elaborate accompaniments, all coming together to awe the palate in ways you've never before comprehended.The food here is simply out of this world. I don't usually throw the hyperbole around quite so thickly, but DW Bistro could quite possibly have provided me with my best meal ever in Las Vegas. Also delicious was the appetizer of "chicken lollipops". Bordering on sweet at times, but put into spicy perspective by the arrangement of grilled pineapple served on the side. A really wonderful appetite-whetting for my jerk fried chicken, which I already described, which was to follow.Rounding things off nicely with a chat with the delightfully sincere proprietor, Bryce, who displayed genuine pleasure at our rapturous praise for our meal (and made sure one of our "to go" slices of their excellent cake was on the house) was enough to let me know I'll be back for a repeat visit very shortly - perhaps to see what wonderful new adventures await upon their lunch menu.
3	Such a cute neighborhood restaurant - the staff is friendly and I like the atmosphere.  However, I have been here twice and both times my entrees have just been average, not really bad, just not great.I started with a nice huckleberry cocktail that truly tasted of the fresh berry.  For my entree I was disappointed that the server informed me they were out of shortribs only after I ordered them.  Aargh!  I didn't have a backup selected and felt rushed since everyone else had already ordered.  I quickly chose the shrimp scampi when the server said he could have the kitchen add some jerk seasoning to the shrimp.  The dish I received was quite generous with a large mound of pasta and several, large perfectly cooked shrimp.  But the shrimp hadn't been seasoned and the pasta was a little bland.  I am used to my scampi having a nice garlic flavor that usually gives this dish bold characteristics.  Instead it was just plain shrimp and pasta tossed with olive oil.The carrot cake is huge (easily enough for three) and very moist and delicious, I like this far better than their red velvet.
4	We went to DW Bistro for brunch during restaurant week. I had been meaning to go there since I heard about them at Bite of Las Vegas a few years ago, but had never gotten around to it.My wife ordered a pomegranate iced tea which she liked. I'm not big into iced tea, but I took a sip and thought it was decent.For our appetizer we both got the shrimp cocktail which was good and had a nice kick to the sauce.For my main course I got the chicken and waffles. The chicken was spicy and delicious. The waffle was served with a really good rum syrup. Would definitely order this again.My wife got the crab cake Benedict. I'm not a huge fan of Hollandaise but the dish was still pretty tasty. The egg was a bit over done though and had a firm yolk.For dessert we were give an assortment of treats: mud pie, red velvet cake, lemon lime pudding, and peanut butter pie. I'm not a big fan of sweets and was a little daunted by it all. But I have to admit that they were all very good. My favorite was the peanut butter pie.
5	Fresh and delicious for lunch or dinner.  The vegetable burger is a personal favorite.  Big location so the wait is minimal, if any, and the service is always amazing.  Full bar and great selection of house made vodkas. Reasonably priced too.
5	I love this place!  I see Bryce at the farmers market each Thursday so I know that they are serving great organic fresh produce.  They have great service great atmosphere and amazing Mac and cheese!
5	Omgoodness... The grilled lamb chops were amazing... I have never had lamb before tonight and my friend ordered it... It was flavorful and juicy and the seasonings were phenomenal... I have never tasted anything like it... I had the fried chicken, which was seasoned w/ jerk seasonings... The wine was superb... A delightful riesling... You could taste the apple, peach and pear... I had been wanting to dine at this resturant for a while... Even though the were busy their customer service was impressive... You need to dine here and soon... Wonderful place to spend New Years Eve...
4	I had an awesome brunch here. The place itself is modern and chic. Think Crate & Barrel and Ikea. There's also an outdoor patio area that is dog-friendly. The service was great. Attentive and friendly.The food was awesome. And the portions were huge! The New Mexican-style omelet was so delicious with the right amount of spicy. The chocolate chip pancakes were moist and fluffy and HUGE. For $8, I was expecting a much smaller portion. And the syrup that came with them was quite tasty. It was more than just a maple syrup.My only complaint was the $12 bellinis. They weren't on the menu, so we didn't realize the price ahead of time. Very delicious. But we each had two... And we definitely weren't expecting them to cost more than the entrees. Not necessarily an unusual price for a drink in Vegas, but still.Drink prices aside, the atmosphere here is great. It's the perfect spot for a classy, but chill brunch.
5	For those of you visiting Vegas, make sure you get off the strip to experience some great cuisine!DW Bistro is another GREAT reason to rent a car for one day while taking a break from drinking/shopping/being hungover, and experiencing some really quality food.The first thing you notice is the decor.  The design is very non-Vegas and is almost artistic.  It is a vibe that makes you want to sit, relax, eat good food, and have great conversations.  The vibe only sets the tone for the delicious food.I was a part of a group of four that came for Sunday brunch.  Because there were so many of us, we got to try a lot of the menu.  The Pesto Torte is a MUST item.  The cheese, crackers and pesto are so-damn-good-I-want-to-fly-to-Vegas-to-eat-now good.  The Chicken Lollipops with Jerk Buttermilk sauce are amazing, and just the right size.  The sauce compliments the slight spice and smokiness of the chicken perfectly.The New-Mexican Style Slow Cooked Pork is served over rice with an egg and is a gourmet version of the chili and rice all of use ate in school.  The pork is nice and tender with and is a great, hearty hangover dish.The French Toast is nicely cooked and the highlight is the slightly spiced syrup.  (We killed the syrup and wiped the plate clean of it).The best entree item was the Jerk Fried Chicken and Waffles.  If you have had the ones at Hash House, do yourself a favor and try these.  The slight spicyness from the jerk seasoning, the fluffy waffles, and the syrup all combine to create a symphony.  Hands downs, some delicious Chicken and Waffles.Oh, and make sure to get the Bloody Mary with Bacon.  It is pretty damn good, especially with the bacon.  Be warned though, instead of a pimento in the olive, it is a chunk of habanero pepper, sure to wake you up and knock out any hangover.
4	My hubby brought me here for date night. When you first walk in the atmosphere is very trendy and it kind of feels like you're not in Vegas anymore (off strip). The staff is pleasant and explained everything on the menu to us. The food was delicious, however while some reviewers are saying that the portions were huge, be aware that not all portions are huge. My hubby got the lamb chops and there was very little meat on the bone, so not a lot to fill him up. Desserts though were massive and delicious!! If you are looking for a non-alcoholic beverage, the pomegranate while iced teas was very refreshing. Overall I loved this place and will be back.
4	What a cool spot for brunch!! Went here on a Sunday, and it was packed. I did get seated right away, (thank you to the guy who held the door for me and let me cut him in line) The chicken lollipops were VERY good. I can't explain the flavor, you need to try them for yourself! The employees were very friendly, the owner stopped by to make sure everything was going good. The inside doesn't feel like your in Vegas. It is more of a California vibe. Check it out!
5	My boyfriend and I had ate here for our NYE dinner which had turned out to be an awesome experience! Not the typical Vegas feel kinda restaurant. What I did really love was the contemporary interior design and atmosphere! Something very unexpected to see at a restaurant here.Amazing FOOD & SERVICE without the tourist crowd since its off the strip! I almost forgot to mention that they gave us complimentary dessert (which was extremely delicious) cause it was our first time there.The whole staff was really friendly and knowledgeable! I would definitely recommend this place to friends and eat here again.
2	Maybe I went on an off night, but I did not have a great experience.I ordered the beer-braised short rib ($18) and it was SALTY.  Holy shit, it was so salty. Like, so salty I had to stop eating it.  But, even without the salt, I wouldn't have finished it because the short rib was really fatty.  A really bad cut.  The sauce on the seasonal vegetable mix was also a turnoff; I felt all the flavors in this dish really clashed.  The mash of the day was also the victim of oversalting.  Yeah, not ordering this again.Also, I was seated near the bathroom and there was a putrid smell in the air.  I don't want to think about what it was, but it was awful. They need to take care of that (other people remarked on it too while walking by).Highlights:  my well-mixed whiskey cocktail, friendly service, and the tasty Parmesan crisps.I hear such great things about this place.  I'll have to go back and try something else.....but I am afraid.
5	This is my new favorite for breakfast/brunch. The breads and pastries were hot out of the oven, literally, and complimented by a wonderful fig jam. Portions are large, and food is on the spicy side for me, but our waiter went out of his way to make sure my food was not over-the-top for my palette. Decor is artsy and soothing. Service is prompt, but not overly solicitous.  I'll definitely be back again.
2	I really didn't want to give this place two stars, but I'm trying to be fair and honest.  Just to be quick and to the point: Food was wonderful.  Service was pretty bad.Now to get into it a little more...My husband and I went here on a Tuesday evening.  It was pretty normal; people were there, but not busy.  The decor was really cool and gave a nice, laidback feeling.  The owner greeted us and was super awesome and personable.  When my husband asked what beers they had, it started getting weird.The owner asked, "Well what do you like?"  Well, he likes all different beers, so it depends.  He then brought the bartender over, (which was the right thing to do) and when my husband asked what kind of beers they had, he asked, "Well what do you like?" Ugh.  (Look, I'm a bartender, and I understand how annoying it is when people want you to rattle off all the beers you have. But my husband just wanted some sort of list.) So perhaps they should work on listing the beers somewhere. Anyway, onto the meal- The food....was awesome.  It took a very long time to come out, but it was good. I had the jerk seared ahi tuna salad.  My husband had the jerk filet mignon (cooked perfectly) and both dishes were great.  We also ordered the mac and cheese which was a hefty serving, and very tasty.  Service checked on us numerous times.So after we were done and our plates were taken, our server never came back.  He never stopped by to ask about dessert (which I was planning on getting).  We kept trying to make eye contact with him, but nothing.  We were ignored by everyone. So about 15 minutes went by when the fabulous owner came by and asked if we ordered dessert.  I laughed and said we were never offered.  He brought the server over and smoothed everything over.  Basically-  the food is wonderful, and so is the owner.  The service needs to step it up.  We will be back only because of the food.  Oh....and I got my dessert.  ;) The carrot cake is AMAZING!
5	Exotic good food. Half carribean and a lil mexican I believe. Drinks are also exotic and delicious. What makes this restaurant even better is that it's not on the strip. It's in the southwest side of town tucked in a small corner. Quality of food, service and drinks are equivalent of what you would get at the strip or L.A. or new York. Very good.
5	Definitely needs a bump up to 5 stars.  The Jamaican chicken curry soup is a lifesaver.  Ask about the mash potatoes of the day.  Today was loaded baked potato.  Tangy and oh so yummy.For those looking for Jamaican goods to take home, they sell all the hot sauces they offer, plus some unique ginger beers, blueberry sparkling sake, etc.  The goods are behind the bar in the second room that they open up for brunch.Need to make it back to try the crazy bloody mary they make.  Jalapeno bacon and habanero stuffed olives!Our server mentioned that they might teach some cooking classes this summer.  Can't wait!
5	Probably eaten here eight more times since my previous reviews.  What can I say? It is the very first place to pop into my head whenever Sunday brunch or a nicer lunch is in the works.  Brunch with the fam yesterday was a dreamy success as usual.  We started with a DW pastry basket.  It is a steal at $8. Everything inside is warm and buttery and just darn good on a Sunday morning: blueberry scones, turnovers, cranberry popovers, cinnamon roll and chocolate croissant.  They serve it with butter and a scrumptious jelly on the side.  Dad struggles to fit the gargantuan BLT in his mouth gracefully but was pleased with it, nonetheless.  Hubby cleaned the plate on his nicoise salad.  The tuna looked awesome.  I can't believe I haven't mentioned the very refreshing and tasty pomegranate iced tea.  It is lightly sweetened and very refreshing.  They keep your tall, pretty glass refilled too!On our most recent ladies lunch, my co-diners were thrilled with a special of shell pasta, grilled chicken and veggies in a blue cheese sauce.  That's part of the fun of coming here!! Completely different specials every time.  Brunch yesterday boasted a special eggs Benedict on a country biscuit with a special sausage and a cognac sauce.  The place is always jamming now...so glad they are successful and busy.   It is definitely 5 star worthy now.  Everyone is beyond friendly and things are flowing seamlessly.
5	Hands Down my favorite place in Las Vegas.  Everything was great as usual.  I stayed here kind of late last Saturday with a friend enjoying some perfectly mixed gin cocktails. Instead of kicking us out or staring at us awkwardly like some restaurants might do, they made us feel right at home.  How does this place combine style and class with a family-like feel?  I don't know, but I'm thankful we have something like this in the valley.  If you haven't been yet, what are you waiting for?
5	We were greeted by the owner as we walked in the door. Major plus!It feels so fresh and clean inside. I loved the colors and the interior was so pretty to look at. The ambiance is amazing and the music fit the restaurant perfectly.The kitchen accidentally looked over our appetizer on the ticket so our server comped it for us. It ended up getting to our table at the same time as our entrees.We had the shrimp appetizer (which I would totally eat as an entree) and  the daily special - chipotle chicken wrap and the mexican chicken enchiladas. Delicious!To end our perfect meal was the lemon pudding for dessert. There couldn't have been any better way to cleanse our palette with this sweet and tart explosion of flavor in a cup!I can't wait 'til I get to go back to try everything else on the menu. A definite 5 stars in my book! Great service and even greater food~ if you love food that's full of flavor with a kick, this is the place for you. DW Bistro, expect to see more of me!
4	party - 5when walking in (since we did so separately) the atmosphere was great, being seating and not being pressured by the wanting of being in and out. as we were seated the service was great, got drinks within a min being greeted by the owner and just walking to our seats. the automatic water dispense of water was amazing and the accommodations to what ever drink you would like the have. Me having the lemonade (it was a little lemony but upon request it could be sweetened) and with their pomegranate white ice tea was a good choice, light, aromatic and delicious (highly recommended).as we moved on we started with a salad and starter dish, being their torte and jerked tuna salad. the torte itself was light and refreshing and it hit the spot (if needing to curve your appetite this was the right choice) with some crunch, abundance of flavors and spices, and richness of the cheese it was an amazing choice to have. our second started (actually being an entree) we had the jerked ahi tuna salad. the salad was surprising it has sweet, spicy, freshness and all the flavors after tossing was impeccable. main courses - with presentation being a high must all the dishes look amazing and with your burger/sandwich the choice of salad or sweet potato fries give a good health or substance benefactor. then the burger (myself getting the turkey burger) was more than a surprise. After a peer saying it was amazing the the staff giving it good marks i just wanted to try it and it was nothing less than expectation. it was juicy,  filling and great combination of flavors and the chutney gave it an over the roof kick. all went well our stay didnt seemed rushed (being a 2 hour sit time) and all was impeccable. definitely a must eat for lunch dinner and weekend brunch they have an amazing menu if ever in the south west.
2	For the amount of food and for what it is, way overpriced! Service wasnt terrible, but the manager did comp some appetizer for a table right next to us. I couldn't help but think, 'hey what about us?' The decor was very nice and modern. We were greeted and seated right away. I ordered the day's special- eggs Benedict with goat cheese and some kinda meat patty. It was alright but I'm not a fan of goat cheese. My boyfriend had the challah French toast. Eh. I don't think I'll be going back!  I'd rate it a 3 for service, but like I said, this place is overpriced!
3	Based on reviews and the atmosphere, I thought this place was great at first but two factors brought the review down.  First, the service.  When we first entered, we were greeted and seated pretty quick.  The staff was very friendly.  But, our waittress wasn't so great.  Although she was friendly, she only came to our table twice.  When we needed something, such as a refill or for the check, she would take forever!  The bistro wasn't even that busy at the time!  After waiting 20 minutes for the check, I looked for her and saw that she was talking to another waiter in the corner.  I couldn't believe it. Also, the food was bordering on bland.  I got the Caribbean Jerk chicken and waffles.  My father got this dish that consisted of slow-cooked pork with rice, cooked in a Spanish-style.  At the first taste, the food was amazing!  Everything was hot and beautifully presented.  The Caribbean Jerk chicken and waffles was a refreshing and interesting take on the dish.  The chicken and the homemade maple syrup was flavorful.  However, the rice dish had no taste and the waffles tasted like stale bread.  Really thick, stale bread.I loved the atmosphere and DW Bistro was based on really great concepts.  If only the food was more flavorful and the service wasn't so slow.
5	What a pleasant surprise DW Bistro turned out to be! It is the perfect combination of class, modernism and home cooked food. We went on a weeknight and surprisingly the restaurant was full. Good sign. Even though they were full, service was top notch. Our waiter was very informative and attentive. The owner was so friendly and struck up a conversation with everyone in the restaurant, making the place feel like home.They served an assortment of bread and the butter that accompanied it was so good! My husband ordered the New Mexican Style slow-cooked pork. I ordred the DW Fried Chicken. Both entrees were amazing and came in huge portions. I loved every single bite of my entree. The chicken was bursting with flavor and the gravy was the perfect accompaniment.  Normally I don't like cornbread but that was the best cornbread I ever had.The owner advised us to save room for dessert and we were so glad we did. We were torn between the Red Velvet Cake and the Carrot Cake. We went with Red Velvet and the slice was enormous! It wasn't too sweet but it was a tad bit on the dry side... not a deal breaker though. We will definitely try the Carrot Cake next time.I have nothing but great things to say about DW Bistro. It's a great date place but also a cool place to hang out with friends.
5	I think I should add cheerleader to my resume because I want to praise this restaurant to the universe. DW Bistro is amazing on all levels; from the impeccable service, delicious food, and modern decor, DW is the model that all restaurants should strive for. Best of all, it's away from the strip and locally owned. My friend and I were immediately greeted and seated next to the window. After surveying the menu I decided to order a pastry basket, salmon and spinach eggs benedict, and a mimosa. The pastry basket was a lovely start. It came warm and I inhaled those carb morsels with a quickness. What diet? Carbs were my bff's at that moment. My favorites were the almond muffins and chocolate croissants. They also gave a small portion of fresh berries. Not sure if this is standard with the basket but it was a nice surprise. My eggs benedict was perfectly cooked and very satisfying. It was garlicky and moist but not doused in oil. A small side of potatoes was a nice sidekick to the dish but vaguely memorable. Mimosas are tad expensive ($12) but they were delightful relief after a night of drinking. Waters were quickly refilled and our server was great. The DW Bistro demonstrated that excellent food, service, and ambiance still exists.
4	D-efinitely W-onderful. they really D-o W-ork the food.  D-aring & W-himsical.  the food is D-electable & left me W-onder-struck.  So I don't know what DW stands for but what the place stands for is just plain good food.The fusion of New Mexican with Caribbean flavors is really interesting to the palate.Eatings:  The Jerk Chicken lollipops are a great starter.  I ordered the beer braised shortribs which came out super tender piled on top of  rosemary Mash potatoes.  The flavors were earthy and full so don't expect anything bland here even though each table has a plethora of hot sauces from the islands.  The misses ordered the Salmon which didn't taste fishy at all but full of flavor with the guava berre blanc sauce served over a bed of rice. We also went for brunch one Sunday and our favorite was the New Mexican-style slow cooked pork omelet. Blasted with flavor! The Jerk pork hash was highly recommended but i did not enjoy that one as much.  Dessert was excellent. The carrot cake was decadent and did not taste like carrot cake! If you hate carrot cake which my girlfriend does, you'll still enjoy this! Sweet and  delicious perfect meal finisher. Imbibe: The wine list is decent but we enjoyed the Pavi pinot grigio! well paired with the full flavor food offerings.  I saw a bunch of people order the Jamaican Mojito and on Sunday brunch the bloody mary's were almost on every table but we decided to go with mimosa's.  Must trust those two on the next visit.Ambiance: For dinner I fell it was too bright.  They should dim the lights a bit since most of the decor is a bright orange. On the flip side the ambiance is perfect for Sunday brunch! The servers were super friendly and the manager checked in on us 3 times! Very nice staff and attentive. Overall: We enjoyed the flavors and our food was cooked perfectly.  The wait can be a bit long BUT they told us 25 min wait...yea we were sat in 5 minutes..Over estimate much? it's a good thing.D-efinitely W-ant to come back.  This place D-istinctively W-arrants a visit at least once for you fellow yelpers.  D-o W-illingly come try it!  DW!
4	We were looking for a pet friendly restaurant in Las Vegas and this place popped up on my search. After I yelped it on my iphone we decided to give it a shot based on all the good reviews. I ordered the chicken lollipops and the bowl of the Mexican pork. My hubby ordered the fried chicken and waffles. Everything was really good. The only thing that would make it awesome is if they gave a side of salsa and guacamole with the bowl of pork. It was tasty but just missing that extra push towards excellency. The service was good when I was there. The food took a bit longer than we hoped but our server apologized twice for the kitchen being backed up (they were very very packed for brunch). Prices were very reasonable for the good food. The next time I am in Vegas and have my doggies with me I will be back here for sure.
5	After reading reviews here and on several LV message boards I belong to, I finally made it to DWB tonight.  I wish I could give it 10 stars.  From start to finish, DWB is the truth!  My Mom and I had such a wonderful dining experience, I didn't want to sleep without posting this.Bryce greeted us like we were his old friends, laughing and chatting with us as he led us to our table.  First let me say, I love the decor of this place.  Funky and eclectic is how I would describe it, like you're going to dinner at your trendy friend's condo in Miami.  I love trying local restaurants in the various neighborhoods and DWB is a gem.Our waiter was TJ - he is a total sweetheart.  Very attentive without being intrusive.   And he ain't bad on the eyes either!  Okay, I'ma get to the food, but I just wanted to review the entire experience.Bread Offerings:  four different kinds.  I tried the Jamaican Beer Knot, it was soft and delicious.Pomegranate Tea:  Nice and refreshing.Jerk Pork Shoulder Bowl:  Seriously, I wanted to tilt the bowl up and let the spicy goodness slide down my gullet!  The spice was just right and the pork was tender, tasty and cooked to perfection.Short Ribs with Vegetables:  My Mom loved it.  Fork-tender and delicious.Red Velvet Cake:  Okay, seriously, if I had room, I would have slammed it.We were so full because the portions are generous.  We had to take a hound bag with us.  I am so glad I finally made it to DWB after it being on my foodie list for a while.  Thanks to Bryce and TJ for making this dining experience a 10+.  I will sing your praises and I will be back.
4	What a great little place! I believe this took over the old La Madonna space, and my goodness did they improve on the space! It's bright and airy and makes me feel like I'm on vacation somewhere very un-vegas-y! I had brunch and had a very difficult time deciding because of all the great options. I ended up with a turkey burger based on the waiter's suggestion. I was certainly pleased! There was a delicious mango chutney on it, and the turkey itself had some great spice to it. I asked to add lettuce tomato and they added a beautiful fresh heirloom tomato (oh my gosh *squeal* I LOVE heirloom tomatoes!) The owner was there and couldn't have been nicer! Great food and great service, who could ask for more?! I can't wait to try it for lunch and dinner during the week! Hoorah!
5	I would like to add my praise to the rest of the group here.  I had been hearing about this place for quite a long time and was entirely impressed.The Decor is light and airy, seems very open even though they seem to fit a very decent amount of people in a fairly smallish area.  Decorations aren't over the top but it's very pleasant and quite clean.Service was excellent, maybe a little slow every once in a while, but we came in during brunch so lots of people.Food: Great food, I haven't had anything from the dinner menu but the lunch/brunch was very nice. Everything appeared to be fresh, and came out quickly.  I need to try moreThe Bloody Mary: Best Ever.  Go drink it now.  I've never had such Garnishments in it,,, loved it!DW & Bryce: Amazing hosts, entirely delightful, and treated us like regulars though it was the first time in.
5	WOW!Met a friend here for lunch because I have heard great things about it... What I heard was right!The special was a kobe beef sandwich... By far one of the best sandwiches I have ever had... tender beef, some of the best carmelized onions, jalapeno bacon, greens and tomato on soft sweet bread! A combination of flavors in every bite.. My mouth was having a party!For my side i got their signature salad (nothing to really claim about it) greens, pecans and a dressing that I couldn't describe about later. Before the sandwich, I did have their chicken curry soup... another great choice.. A creamy curry base with bits of chicken and jalepeno bacon... only had a cup.. could have gone for a bowl. Very excited to go back again. My friend says the brunch on Sundays is FABULOUS!
5	It is a great place to hang around for a lazy sunday morning! The atmosphere is contemporary style with a open bar area. Also there is a open sitting patio. We Were there for the brunch, the servers are enthusiastic and helpful. Had a waffle with chicken, a bit weird combination but taste great!  There are a lot of choices for the dressing all are very special. The coffee is pretty good too. The price is great for the quality. Recommend!
2	DW is quite possibly the cutest little eatery ever, in fact I want their decorator to come work their magic on my home!  I really want to love this adorable little spot, but the service needs some work and organization.  The first time I dined here was not long after they opened and I figured they were still finding their groove.  I made my 2nd visit today; my friends and I popped in to sample their $20 Restaurant Week lunch.  Our first course, the Jamaican Chicken Curry Soup came right out, but with no spoons.  Once they hooked us up with spoons, our taste buds did the happy dance for the little cup full of tasty-creamy-curryliciousness.  Little did we know that we were in for quite a wait.  We observed as 3 nearby tables that were seated after us were getting their food.   After waiting for 45 minutes we flagged our waitress, who apologized and said our order would be right up.  After another 20 minutes my asparagus prosciutto salad arrived, then 5 minutes later my 2 friends received their dishes.  My dish was called "Grilled Asparagus Salad with Prosciutto", which I found rather misleading because I received four pieces of asparagus wrapped in prosciutto atop a huge plate of mixed field greens.  It was like ordering a burger and getting the full size bun with a slider sized patty.Before we were done with our main course they dropped off our dessert that came with the restaurant week prix fixe, which overcluttered our table.  We waited all of that time for our entrees only to be rushed out when they finally arrived.  As we were preparing to leave we overheard another table that had also been waiting for quite a while.
5	Never been disappointed here but never been driven to write a review about dw until today.... Today my mind was blown by chicken n waffles... I've been disappointed by all the other joints in Vegas who try their hand at chicken n waffles and dw bistro just nailed it... I will be back over and over again-
5	wow is this place good.  I went here for Sunday Brunch and the absolute best time. The decor is fresh and the food is right on point.  I loved the Chilaquiles so much and must have them again and again.  The owners came around to check on us and are very attentive.  Service was amazing, Food was amazing.
2	We were seated quickly on a Saturday night. The first thing we overheard from the table next to us was the couple complaining about the lousy food they were served to the manager. It was awkward and uncomfortable. We ordered the prix fixe menu. Our food was very flavorful, but the portions were rather small and the service was very slow. We also heard the table behind us also complain about their order being messed up and the kitchen taking way to long to fix it. We weren't offered bread, but maybe that didn't come from with the prix fixe? No explanation there...Anyway, I wouldn't go back. It had a very negative vibe that night and even though our food was tasty, it was too expensive and too long of a meal to be enjoyable, plus I left hungry.
5	DW is AMAZING!  My friend and I shared their oven-roasted jerk pork shoulder bowl and beer braised short rib and oh-em-gee, it's like heaven in my mouth!  The short rib were cooked to perfection that you don't even need a knife because it comes off with just a slight tug from your fork.  And the taste...WOW!  The pork shoulder bowl was full of flavor as well.  My mouth was having a party from all these excellent combination of flavors from every bite.  Their cocktail drinks did not disappoint as well.  I can't wait to go back and try the rest of their menu.
5	I recently brought a group of customers to this restaurant at their recommendation.  The atmosphere, food and service were all outstanding.  I had a special fish dish that was outstanding.  Sorry I do not recall the exact dish because it was a few weeks ago.  I just wanted everyone to know that it's a great place for lunch and to bring clients.One of my clients has a special diet consideration.  She called ahead and the chef prepared a very special off the menu dish for her and she loved it.  This attention to a special request earned them the fifth star.My only recommendation to the restaurant is to review the placement of their loudspeakers.  The placement of the speaker near my table was too close and was a little too loud for a conversation, but we managed.  Please do not consider this issue a deal-breaker.
5	In one word OMG.I moved in to an apartment about a block away from here and in doing a little research I realized the chef had a New Mexican background.  I was so excited but also poor.  So we waited to go since it is not a cheap place.  I was starting to get worried we were building it up in our heads too much.  Well we finally got jobs and finally started to get paid so we went to celebrate.The decor, as you have read in all the other reviews, is very eclectic, funky, but clean.  It's nice and the patio is my favorite part of it.  They do have a heater on the patio but it was so nice out we didn't need it.  The hostess was prompt and nice and our server was on top of things.  She greeted us right away and promptly offered us drinks.  I had a half bottle of gruet sparkling wine, a little New Mexico celebratory treat.  The cocktail of the day was a strawberry mojito and the boy enjoyed it.  The bread service was nice, some of the breads were a little dry, but that's a problem with doing everything in house.  The lavash was super flavorful, I had one of their beer knots and a sweet/salty brioche bun.  All very flavorful if just a little on the dry side.  On too the food!We had the ribs to start.  They were not a small portion for an appetizer.  The sauce was delicious and tangy and sticky and spicy.  The meat was super tender.  The boy ordered the chicken curry soup and the jerk pork shoulder bowl.  I had the green chile cheese burger.  This is where the OMG comes into play.  My burger might have been the best burger I have ever had.  The bun was deliciously toasted with butter, the meat was flavorful and cooked perfectly MR, the cheese and chiles were delicious, the bacon had been dusted with jalapeno powder and then it was all topped with a beautiful thick slice of heirloom tomato.  I mean.  Come on.  It was perfect and dirty and just made my day.  Plus it was served with sweet potato fries and they were crisp and cooked perfectly.  The jerk pork was also super flavorful and a hefty portion and was used as breakfast today and tasted just as good.  We really had such a good time.  And I'm so happy this is within walking distance of us.  I can't wait to try brunch.  Thank you DW Bistro for being so awesome!
3	We had a nice lunch there yesterday.  However, our entire experience was ruined when we got the bill and saw that they charged us $6.00 each for 2 single shots of espresso.  That is $12.00 for two shots of espresso. Are you kidding me? Overpriced Starbucks is right next store where we could have gotten them for $1.50 each. We even asked if that was correct, and were told "yes". Looks like we just paid for the entire bag of beans, not just 2 shots worth!!!
5	Great restaurant!  Add it to your list of places to visit in Vegas.  The decor is so adorable and fresh.  The drinks are divine and the food was yummy.  If you like chain restaurants, do not go here.  This is for folks who love to find a neighborhood gem.  Well worth venturing off the strip.
5	Love a place that knows good service! We went here for a birthday brunch - group of 10 which they had a great spot for. So accommodating and patient with all the trials that come with a group of 10. And no auto-grating which is refreshing (although understandable, it's usually always rewarded when they don't assume)!I had the special of the day, which had something to do with a roasted turkey omelet. To be honest, it was good, but not great. But everyone that ordered off the menu had awesome food. Originally I had asked for the New Mexican-style slow cooked pork omelet, and when he warned me that it'd be spicy, I retreated. I regret retreating, b/c someone else got it and it was tasty! Spicy, but not crazy, and tasty!Other standouts were the pesto torte, Jerk pork hash, and curry vegetable couscous. And in awesome birthday style, a delicious piece of carrot cake!Oh, and they make a MEAN bloody mary. you won't regret it!
5	Yet another place you can throw into the argument for best local restaurant!  My wife and I have had a hankering for awesome Jamaican food ever since we vacationed in Negril a couple of years ago.  While this place isn't traditionally that, they blend a lot of what makes that cuisine great with their own creative twists to it.  We couldn't start the meal with anything but the Jamaican Curry Soup.  Anthony M recommended we have it the night before along with pretty much every Yelp review and it was tremendous.  I would strongly consider just getting a large bowl of this with a side of rice for my next visit.  In fact, my wife enjoyed it so much, she ordered another bowl of it WHILE eating her entree.  Who backtracks back to the appetizer?I got the oven roasted jerk pork shoulder bowl which was rich and filling.  The jerk spice was jerktastic and the portion was pretty generous.  We went for the "perfect chocolate cake" to finish the meal.  Pretty bold to call it that and while I've had better, it was a nice ending to an awesome meal.
4	I joined a party of 14 others for Easter brunch. We had pastries and mimosas prior to our meal. The baked goods were delicious as were the mimosas. The service, from the time that we we arrived until we left, was impeccable. My partner and I had the chicken and waffles and were not disappointed. The jerk chicken was mildly spicy and had a great taste. The waffles were crispy and tasty. The atmosphere was trendy, yet very friendly and festive. Everyone at the table had nothing but compliments about their food. The serving portions were very generous. I brought home a slice of carrot cake and now I'm regretting that I only brought home one slice. The items on the menu were moderately priced and well worth it. Overall, it was a great experience. I have already made recommendations to friends and I definitely plan on returning..
4	first time my family and i have eaten at this restaurant and i really did enjoy the atmosphere, food and customer service. The food portions are filling so if you can try to hold back from eating up all of the yummy appetizers, lol. Can't wait to come back in the near future.
5	Let me get this off my chest..  THIS PLACE WAS PHENOMENAL!  Ok, I feel better now.  Lets get into some detail....  The wait staff was amazing.  I am bad with names so i cant give specific credit, but ill cover that by saying every single staff person interacted with us.  we went on a thursday afternoon.  was nice and quiet.  I had the Green Chile burger which was ENORMOUS and quite tasty.  A grilled buttered bun always wins me over.  I regret to say it was so big I couldnt finish it.  The pomegranate Iced Tea was great too.  and they kept refilling it!  My friend had the vegetable curry with cous cous.  Now while none of that sounded appetizing to me, I tried it and WOW...  The vegetables were cooked perfectly and the curry was amazing.  Ill end with saying the carrot cake was SOOOOO good.  we left very stuffed and smiling.  Loved the wait staff!!
4	This is definitely the place to be on the west side! Come here to unwind with a drink at the bar while taking in the ambiance (can get very loud) or come here for date night and sit in the back where it's darker and possibly romantic to some? Ha!They tend to have a daily menu, which can be quite extensive and you stop paying attention after 10 seconds of a 5-min rambling of today's special. At one point, I did have to ask our waitress to kindly repeat the dessert menu since I had forgotten what she had said 2 Min's earlier. She didn't mind repeating it after she gave me a hard time but eh it's all fair.Food is actually enjoyable and generous portions for the higher prices. It's interesting to see the fusion between Caribbean and New Mexican food. Being from New Mexico, I grew up on the infamous green & red chile (chili) so it's always a pleasure to see places use it to it's full potential. I must admit that the Jamaican Green Chile Chicken Curry soup was quite enjoyable but I wish it had a stronger curry flavor as the curry taste seemed to disappear within seconds. The NM slow-cooked pork bowl was huge and quite spicy just like I remember NM red chile being. Due to the meat/rice ratio, you would need to add another egg to calm the burning sensation you might experience while eating it as one of my friend's stated. When I asked to have my leftovers to be boxed, I was a little sad to find out the waiter-in-training had thrown my leftovers away :( BOOOOO!My guest had the braised short ribs and those too were quite delectable. The meat was so tender that it just fell apart. She wasn't a fan of the house rice that it came with so the waitress accommodated her by bringing a bowl of white rice. That seemed to make my guest happy.The wait staff was um, interesting to say the least. Though very friendly servers, it's not the typical service you would get from other higher end places. They joke around with you, let you whack them with wet towels (waiter who threw away my leftovers) and can be quite sarcastic. If you're offended by sarcasm, perhaps this isn't the place for you. If you want to hang out with the cool kids but want to avoid the Strip, this is the place to be.
4	Found this gem during Restaurant Week.  Love the decor and vibe of this place.  Started with the Ahi app.  Please put this on your regular menu!  This was one of the best dishes I have had...ever.  I will come back during the next Restaurant Week just for this dish.  Unfortunately, the next couple courses couldn't live up to the app.  They were good, just not great.  The entree was supposed to be a steak with scallops.  To my surprise, the dish came out with shrimp instead.  As it turned out, they ran out of scallops and substituted the shrimp.  The server should have told me when I ordered.  Another thing I noticed was that there was two lights out in the restaurant.  It didn't make it dark, but show some attention to detail.No matter, that appetizer will have me coming back again for another visit in Sept.
4	I really enjoyed their food. I got slow cooked pork over rice and it was pretty good. Pork was really soft. I wish it was a bit more flavorful but good enough! Price was pretty decent too. Fried chicken and waffle wasn't that great though :/ I've had better ones.What I found funny was that, on the weekend brunch, all you can drink mimosa cost $20... and food costed much less than that.
4	we went on a friday night, and was seated on the patio because there was a large party happening inside. we would've sat outside anyways cuz the weather was beautiful. we were greeted by our friendly waiter and we proceeded to order the chicken lollipop, shrimp n chorizo appetitzer, jerk lamb chops, truffle oil mac n cheese with mushroom n bacon, and for dessert we had the perfect chocolate cake and lemon lime pudding. we also ordered a specialty mojito and a glass of sparkling moscato. that was a lot of food between two girls, but we almost finished them all because they were all so unexpectedly good!go, and you wont be disappointed!
4	Great food in yet another Vegas strip mall! I hear it's really the spot for brunch but we loved it for a quiet Saturday night dinner. Tons of seating available inside and we managed to walk in and get a table outside on the patio which was nice.  I don't think they take reservations unless it's a party of 8 or more.  My husband had a pork bowl and it was delicious, it was so large he took half of it home.  We loved the honey cornbread and the side salad was wonderful as well. I had the pan seared salmon and it was very good and was served with vegetables which were really flavorful.  I also had the soup of the day and it was fantastic. We will definitely return and our only complaint was the atmosphere was pretty bright and light and prefer a little darker restaurant at night.  The bar was very small so sitting there wasn't really appealing and I agree this would be a perfect lunch or brunch spot but would return anytime. This would be a great place for dinner with people you want to talk business with because the noise level was so low and there are out of the way corners in the back of the restaurant.
4	My first visit was this Sunday for brunch, and I already can't wait to go back with a designated driver!   Being the sensible person I am I passed on the bottomless choice of Bloody Mary or Mimosa but next time I plan to indulge.  I had the chicken and waffles and they were delicious.  I've had this dish previously but DW Bistro's take was spicy, crispy perfection.  What I sampled from the bread dish was also good.  The staff is friendly and attentive and apparently the owners are usually present and probably refilling your bottomless drink choice.  The decor made me feel like I was on vacation someplace.My only complaint would be that they need a drink menu.  The bar is very extensive and it would be nice to have guidance with a menu.  Not only that but I had a little bit of sticker shock when my berry martini was $12!
5	Nine times out of ten I will prefer to go to a locally owned place as opposed to going to a chain restaurant. I have friends that have been raving about this place for months so when a date asked where I wanted to go to dinner I jumped at the opportunity to go to DW Bistro. And I was not disappointed.The service was amazing! Our waiter said he was a customer converted into an employee so he had really helpful tips about the food.I started with a glass of red wine then I ordered the Jamaican Curry Chicken Bowl. I was shocked when a giant bowl of colorful vegetables, chicken and rice came out. It was HUGE! And really delicious. The veggies were cooked to perfection. The chicken was perfectly tender and the Jasmine rice was delicious. I barely made a dent in the bowl so the server offered to put it in a microwavable to-go box so I could take it for lunch the next day. I wasn't planning on ordering dessert but my date insisted. I got the red velvet cake and pretty much died when I took the first bite. It was so light and flavorful, unlike most red velvet cakes I've had. My date had the lemon lime pudding that came with fresh berries and blood orange truffles. All delicious. I again couldn't finish the cake so our server wrapped that up for me as well. When we were done eating he told us all about the weekend brunch and I swear I got hungry all over again. I think I will try it this weekend.I probably won't see my date again but I will be seeing DW Bistro again and again and again.
4	The wait staff was nice, and the guy who works up front (owner?) looks like Seal's little brother.  The "Kiss by a Rose" guy - used to be married to Heidi Klum.  I think my favorite dinner dish is the Grilled Lamb Chops but if you go for lunch, get the curry!  I might actually cheat on my girlfriend for a bowl of the curry.  I'm not sure if that's an indicator of my character, or an indicator of how good the curry is.  But I digress...  If you like bad food, don't go here, you won't find it. See what I did there ;)
2	Huge disappointment.  We walked in hungry and with strong recommendations from friends.  Ambiance is uplifting and well-thought-out.  Menu seems diverse and interesting, but for our first time we thought we'd go for the "best of" items.  The comfort foods.  Best thing here is the bottled mango sauces. Everything is sooooo close, but not worth the calories. Plantains with too much honey. Mac n cheese mush and oily. Curry bland. No thanks. Plus side, nice atmosphere, good portion size, great service.  Honestly, I did not even bother eating my food.  I couldn't stop thinking about eating a bowl of honey bunches of oats when I got home.  Summary:  great atmosphere and service, nice menu, big portions, BAD RECIPES.
4	Totally redeemed.The place has expanded since our last visit, so it's not as cramped.  We sat on the patio for brunch, which was wonderful.  Our server this time was attentive and friendly.Do yourself a favor when you go here and get the pastry basket.  Blueberry scones are to. die. for.  I got the pork omelet which had a nice spice without being overbearing.  My husband got the chicken and waffles.  The chicken was surprisingly sweet, an unexpected but tasty surprise.  The portions were huge and I was very satisfied with our meal.So glad we tried this place again.  It really is a gem.
5	Creative, flavorful, served with warmth and a smile.  It's all very good!
5	My crew and I average 2x a week the TurkeyBurger, BLT and the Seared Ahi Tuna sandwiches are absolutely amazing. Dalton the owner and Margaret (Server) are absolutely gracious hosts - love the food and the people. If you love Bloody Mary's you will be in for a treat.,
5	Amazingly good & delishhhh food!! My new breakfast/lunch favorito! Caribbean inspired food with Jamaican product sauce! Unbeatable!!! Luv the ambiance!! Very modern & minimalist decor. Clean & great staff!!! You'll see me there often for shooooo!
5	I went to DW Bistro last Sun, the food was great!! The simplicity decor in the restaurant really make me comfortable and relaxing.  The staff were extra friendly.  You have a really good crowd in the restaurant.  One thing that I don't 100% get was there were still around 5 tables left but we had still waited around 20 mins to be seated.  Overall experience was great.  Definitely a great gain for the SW area.  They might want to look into the wait, I dunno if they are trying to control the quality of service...but I do see many people left and came back for it.
5	DW Bistro is one of my favorite non-burger joints in town; I've never had a bad meal there and love everything about the place. There are so many great things to try each time between the regular items and the specials that the burger near the bottom of the menu has never crossed my mind. A friend recently tried it and has been raving ever since, so it was during a recent visit with some friends that I caved and decided to give it a try. Did mixing my burger business with some of my favorite local eats work out ok?For a local strip mall restaurant, DW is surprisingly cool inside; it's very clean with white walls, floors and furniture, highlighted with orange ceilings and some brightly colored artwork. I was definitely impressed the first time I went and I'm still happy every time I'm there. As I said earlier the menu has some great items with its Caribbean inspired flavors like Jamaican curries, jerk rubs and one of my favorites the New Mexican-style slow cooked pork. The lunch and dinner menus vary slightly, and their brunches are excellent. I compel you to get to the bottom of the glass of your bottomless mimosa before one of their waiters comes by to refill it.But today is a special occasion, and it's time to talk about their burger which is available on both their lunch and dinner menus: a New Mexican-style green chili cheeseburger topped with jalapeno bacon. As expected it was fantastic. The meat had great flavor, although not cooked medium rare as I had ordered. But the burger wasn't dry because of all the amazing cheese and sauce on top of it. The lettuce and tomatoes were great; they almost reminded me of a po boy you'd find in the south. The bun was soft, great and proportioned perfectly to the meat. The green chilies were fantastic, and the bacon was thick, crispy and delicious with a hint of heat. Overall this was an excellent burger, and should have been expected from a place where I've already loved everything I ordered.The sweet potato fries are among the best I've had; cooked just right and not soft and undercooked as they can often be. They had excellent flavor and were seasoned perfectly. The accompanying aioli was sweet and delicious. DW Bistro is already a place I recommend to friends looking for a great off the strip restaurant, but now I can also include it in the small list of burgers I hold in high regard in Las Vegas. While some meals for two can quickly get a bit expensive here, this burger for $10 is a great deal and well worth the visit.
5	I thought this place was AMAZING! The service was outstanding and the owner was just a doll!My friend and I shared and we ordered the Salmon Eggs Benedict and the French Toast with Strawberries and Bananas. The Salmon Eggs Benedict was to die for! The best Eggs Benedict I have had BY FAR! The French Toast was also amazing! The sauce that was on it was made to perfection. It wasn't too sweet which made it even better.The guys in our group ordered the Breakfast Sandwich and the other ordered some egg thing. The Egg thing was good. Tasted a little better than any other place I've been too. The Breakfast Sandwich was GREAT! I had about a fourth of that because it was so delicious. The Potatoes that came on the side we great as well.We also ordered two drinks. The Berry Berry Martini and The Bloody Mary. They definitely are not stingy with their alcohol. The Berry Berry Martini was strong and tasted great. The Bloody Mary was CRAZY! It had a piece of Jalapeno Bacon in it and it was just awesome!The place was set up very nice and clean. They have the best hot sauces! The service was outstanding and the food was just to die for! I think this is definitely a place to try!
5	I had a great experience here!  Joined a friend for lunch one day.  I love the atmosphere, it's very contemporary with interesting light fixtures and clean lines - reminding me of a bistro I could run across in San Francisco, Seattle, or New  York.  Yes, that's what I'm looking for, Vegas!  The service we received was excellent.  Our waiter was entertaining without being overbearing, friendly, informative, and prompt.  My only complaint is a noticeable lack of options for vegetarians.I will repeat (again and again) what so many others have.  The chicken curry soup is to die for!  Basically like sipping a cup of perfectly seasoned cream, but in a good way, I promise.  Oh... divine.  The turkey burger was a "real" turkey burger - freshly made from ground turkey and seasoned well.  The veggie medley was delicious - perfectly cooked, and lightly seasoned... I considered getting that, soup, and another side or two for a meal next time because I enjoyed it so much!  Everything we had was well cooked, well seasoned, and generous portions.  Absolutely a perfect date spot. I can't wait for an excuse to return...
5	My first visit was last night, and it was wonderful!The staff was amazing.  I called ahead the day before the ensure that they could accommodate for my multiple food allergies.  They called back and said absolutely.  I informed our server last night, who discussed my allergies with the chef.They washed all of the cooking utensils before cooking my food in it and the chef even made the Jerk Chicken sauce special just for me to ensure that it was safe!  I was absolutely amazed at the lengths they were willing to go for me!My Jerk Chicken was delicious.  I was also very impressed with their seasonal vegetable selection:  zucchini, eggplant and peppers with mushrooms.  I was in heaven.Thank you, DW Bistro, for going above and beyond to accommodate my special dietary needs.  I will be back!On a side note:  I was amazed by the portion sizes.  HUGE!
2	My first experience was no good. I decided to finally try it out based on a lot of raving reviews from friends, but was hugely disappointed. The service was TERRIBLE! We sat at our table for about 10 minutes before being greeted by our server. He then took our drink orders and got them completely wrong. We ordered a Sprite and a Ginger Beer. Well the guy brought us a Ginger Ale and a Diet Sprite... Our water glasses were filled once, so we had no water almost the whole time (despite asking for more water many times).  He forgot to put our order in so we waited about 35 minutes for our food. I have no problem if the kitchen is slow or behind, but when your server is the problem I'm not very happy.The food wasn't great. I had the garlic with white sauce bow tie pasta (that was the description). It came out with a bunch of asparagus and bell peppers in it (not described). If you are going to have things such as... garlic, mushrooms, bell peppers, asparagus, lemon, cilantro or anything else that is a strong flavor that some people don't like you should describe it on the menu. When he finally brought the check it brought me a pen that didn't work with the bill that was on a small saucer. 1. Filling tip and signing my name when I only have a saucer as a hard surface (table was grated) not good. 2. Don't let me last memory of your horrible service be a pen that doesn't work your tip will go down.All in all we spent 90 minutes and about $45 on something that wasn't great. I'll probably give it another shot, but not for a while. I hear they have good brunch
5	We just had dinner here Thursday night and Wow!! Amazing food, service and the mood/decor was pretty cool... Lots of white with orange and wood accents.  We had the ribs, the chorizo and shrimp appetizer special, the fried chicken and the pork shoulder bowl. My boyfriend and I shared everything.  I can not say enough good things about the food! The ribs were so tender, the meat fell right off of the bone.  The flavors in the pork shoulder bowl were unbelievable, and the portions so generous we ended up taking most of this dish home (We ate all of the fried chicken ;-) Delish) Several of the employees stopped by just to see how we were doing, fill our water and keep our table clear.  The owner suggested that if we take the pork home we should have it with eggs for breakfast! Needless to say that was slammin too! I cant wait to go back!
4	I came to DW for their Sunday brunch. The place was packed! I was informed by host that it would probably take about 30 mins to get seated and I would receive a text message from restaurant when table is ready. I got myself a bloody mary with bacon and jalapeno from bar in waiting area. It was kinda spicy but I meant it in the good way. The salty crunch from the bacon paired well w/ the heat in bloody mary. DW has really nice patio seating area. However, we got indoor seating after the wait because we didn't have reservations. I followed yelpers' reviews and ordered pesto torte and DW pastry basket for appetizers, eggs benedict with salmon and New-Mexican style slow cooked pork for entrees. Pastry basket was amazing! Homemade pastries were warm and fresh when they were served on the table. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/qqs7LP4TXAoOrSlaKRfz3A?select=yF6aEKc6uehvpkVHW5Chmw#fFvNo24sT8rXgRee0qe8DAI really enjoyed my salmon benedict too. New-Mexican slow cooked pork came with a sizable portion. It contained lots aroma of spices but it lacked dimensions (just rice pork and egg). http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/qqs7LP4TXAoOrSlaKRfz3A?select=yF6aEKc6uehvpkVHW5Chmw#aY9RwznkjfyhuMlxO0iXIgNext time when I come back, I would definitely ask for patio seating and save some space for deserts. (I've heard lots of good things about their deserts. FYI, they are quite generous with the portion!)
5	This very modern and attractive restaurant is included in the dining guide "Eating Las Vegas:  The 50 Essential Restaurants".  It is nicely decorated with lots of modern art hanging from the walls. I took the opportunity to introduce myself to co-owner Dalton Wilson, aka DW, who was born in Jamaica and raised in New Mexico.  The menu is a reflection of his heritage and skills as a chef.  My wife ordered the Jamaican curry chicken bowl which was loaded with fresh vegetables over rice.  I countered with New Mexican-style slow cooked pork simmered in red chili and served over rice.  Both dishes were unique and delicious.  Neither of us could come close to finishing though we both tried knowing it would be many hours before our next meal.  When I went to settle the bill, our waiter told us Dalton did not want us departing for CT without trying a piece of his carrot cake.  I thought we might receive a small sliver, but it was very large slice of the best carrot cake in the universe. The cake looked almost too good to eat with its white chocolate curls on the top.  Unfortunately my photography skills do not match the chef's baking skills.  This meal, our last of the trip, turned out to be the best of  our entire 14-day vacation.
4	Cool place.  My veggie burger was good.  The marinated the portabello and grilled it which is my favorite.  My girlfriends special pasta had lots of layers of flavor that exploded in my mouth.  The veggies were cooked just right.  My only complaint was that they ran out of lettuce at 2pm.  The salads looked amazing and I was so disappointed I couldn't try any of them.  Since I am on a special diet, I was limited to very few items which sucked for me.  Can't wait to go back and try more.
5	We came to DW for Father's Day brunch and I can't wait to return!Service was on point and our waiter started his introduction by telling us that he is a customer/patron turned waiter at DW. That's how much he loves this place.Our order was the following:-Pastry basket (scones, chocolate crossaints)-Jamican jerk chicken and waffles- Pulled pork eggs benedict- Chiliquiles- Tomato and goat cheese omeletThe food was outstanding! My favorite bite was the pulled pork eggs benedict. On the table were various hot sauces, including a spicy mango hot sauce. I put a healthy dose of the "very spicy" labelled hot sauce as well as the spicy mango hot sauce on top of my eggs benedict. A full bite consisting of a little homemade biscuit, egg, pulled pork, and that delicious mix of hot sauces made me happy beyond words :)I was very happy with my DW experience and will absolutely be returning very soon!
5	I have to give an update! After the dinner we had there, we decided to try for brunch.  Completely different experience!  We sat outside and had a very friendly server.  The Jamaican mojitos are delicious. I had a Jamaican omelet and it was very good as well.  The jalapeno bacon is soooo good.  No complaints AT ALL.  We went back again another time and brought a friend for brunch.  Again, wonderful service.  There was a wait, and the system they use was really cool.  It texts you when your table is ready.  The bloody marys were great;  pulled pork is soft and tasty.  As mentioned before, the owner was present and very involved.  He really is a great people-person. They all did an amazing  job of making us feel special, which seems like what any restaurant would want you to feel.  We are going to try dinner again soon. :)
4	Yeah, yeah, yeah, DW Bistro is fantastic. That's all I've heard so naturally I had to experience such spectacular eats for myself.From the street it looks to be your standard Vegas strip mall dining spot. I was certainly not expecting the floor to ceiling decorators dream come true upon entering.  Fashioned to the nine, DW pulled out all the stops when it comes to ambiance, decor, and set up. It's fun, modern, but not cold, as most modern decors can tend to feel.We were dining during lunch hour, midweek so lets just say wait time to get a seat was nonexistent. My guests and I were able to choose our own seats (always a plus in my book). The menu is a unique twist on sandwich type foods, rice/curry bowls, and other lunchable items.  I went for the turkey pannini and  though it was a little dry it was still quite flavorful. All I have to say is the sweet potato fries are delightful!  My next favorite part about this place is the fact that they serve FRESH lemonade with free refills!My only bummer moment here at DW was the fact that it took almost an hour for our SANDWICHES to come out to our table despite the restaurant being virtually empty and our orders fairly simple. (Hence the lack of star on this rating).So should my travels find me on the West Side of town and in the mood for swanky surroundings and delectable eats (and lets not forget bottomless lemonade), I would most certainly keep DW Bistro at the top of the list.
2	Aside from the hotness of our waiter, our group's visit here was awful.  Half of us didn't have water, the other half didn't have silverware, we had to keep asking for basic things that should be a given, hello!  They also brought us one basket of bread for a table of twelve, which was a bit stingy, don't you think?  The food didn't suit my taste, but the decor was fabulous, so I rolled my eyes and just got through the meal without complaining any further.
5	GREAT PLACE on too many fronts to count.  Highlights:  Red Stripe beer, the carrot cake that could get hardened gansters to tell on each other, the fact that it's NOT sports bar/casino impersonating a restaurant, fantastic and diverse food. Strongly, strongly recommended.  Robin
1	Had a brunch menu that was not good all day on a sat... Brunch is on Sunday
5	First off, my first review since becoming Elite!  A standing O?  You're all too kind.  Okay sit down, I have to work here.I'd wanted to try DW Bistro for a while but it's pretty much out of the way of where I live and work.   One day after a dentist appointment I decided to go a little out of the way on my way into work and treat my freshly cleaned teeth to the jamaican curry that had been tantalizing me via pictures and reviews here on Yelp for months.  Oh what a fantastic decision this was.  I called in the order and was told it'd be 20 minutes.  I arrived about 15 minutes later and had to use their restroom.   I wouldn't say I have a fear of public restrooms but I do practice some well honed "only if absolutely necessary" avoidance techniques.  This was one of those situations.  It did allow me to get a closer look at the whole restaurant though whereby I usually just see the checkout counter when I do takeout.  I found it very sleek, modern, and clean, which I personally prefer over drab, dated, and dirty, so big plus there!  No issues in the bathroom (well none that was the restaurants fault.  just kidding).   When I got back to the bar/counter area, my food was ready and I paid and drove to work.   I knew right upon removing the curry chicken bowl that it was a winner.  The mix of colors of the peppers, green beans with the beautiful yellow curry.  Had I dropped it on the floor and had to throw it away I probably could have felt comfortable with a 4 star review on it, but thankfully I actually got to taste it.   Okay I did more than taste.  I ATE WITH RECKLESS ABANDON.  "Is that curry I feel on my cheek?  After a few more bites I'll investigate further"   Pretty sure this makes it deserving of 5 stars.I will be back, and I want to try every single thing on the menu.  This is no exaggeration, it's just one of those places.  It's "Elite" if you will.
4	Brother's banana waffles were absolutely sinful, and my breakfast sandwich puts mcdonald's to shame. The decor was very zen like with the ugh ceilings, open space, and simple pieces.
5	My boyfriend and I LOVE this restaurant and it's one of our favorites!! We just went for dinner for a fourth time (and I should have written more reviews earlier) and every single time we've visited DW Bistro, our experience has been amazing! The first time was for my bday in January and we couldn't wait to come back! So far in the four visits between the both of us we've tried the Ox-tail, short ribs, lamb chops, Dover sole and the Jerk chicken... and everything ALWAYS comes out juicy, fresh and flavorful!  Our MUST HAVE EVERY TIME: the Truffle Mac and Cheese with bacon!  The dessert is SO SO good as well! We've had the CARROT CAKE (best I've ever had) RED VELVET and the CHOCOLATE CAKE!!! We couldn't decide which one we wanted the last time so our server suggested a sampler of all three!!! It was like heaven :) The service is always outstanding!!!! The owner seems very passionate about his work and is always friendly (yet we didn't see him the last time we visited which is fine because he greatly deserves some nights off :) ) I also love the decor of the restaurant and it has a great ambiance :)  We can't wait to come back!
3	If I could give half-stars, this review would be more of a 3.5 than a straight up 3 star review, but definitely did not deserve four stars because of the lack of flavor in our entrees. I really wish I could give four stars because the ambiance was great, but fair is fair! My girlfriend and I and one of our friends dined here on Friday evening for the first time. We got there a little after 9:30 p.m. and there may have been 2 or 3 other tables eating and a few people at the bar. We opted for patio seating (one star for ambiance). The menu was refreshing and unique, unlike most off-the-strip restaurants in Las Vegas. It reminded me of something you would catch in Southern California near a beach. We started off with the pesto torte appetizer. From the menu, I imagined it would be a bit of cheese mixed with a bit of pesto and some crackers. However, it was more like a huge block of goat cheese with a drizzle of pesto/olive oil and a few crackers. I'm not usually a goat cheese, or cheese in general, fan but I did enjoy the flavors. I do wish there was more pesto, but overall it was different and quite good. I ordered the beer braised short ribs, my girlfriend ordered the chicken with roasted garlic bowtie pasta and our friend ordered the Jamaican curry bowl. I was very impressed with the diversity of the menu and really excited to try each dish. However, when the food arrived, I was a bit disappointed. Everything tasted very bland, which was surprising because the menu descriptions lead me to believe the dishes would be bursting with flavor. They were not. It tasted like one of those old-fashioned grandma meals or something you'd get at a buffet. Great presentation, very generous portions, but nothing to write home about. My dish needed something - some type of spice or salt. The chicken with pasta tasted like it was out of a box or like the chef neglected to add spices or garlic when preparing the dish. The Jamaican curry also tasted bland. Bland and flavorless. I was really upset because I had high regard due to the reviews. Also, our waiter wasn't very attentive. He came back to check on us a few times, but a lot of time passed between check-ins and our food was sitting on our table, ready to be taken away for at least 20 minutes before he did so. Perhaps we arrived late at night (we were definitely the only people ordering food) and maybe the chefs were just checked out for the night. I'm not sure. We ordered dessert. My girlfriend had the chocolate cake and our friend ordered the carrot cake. Both were moist and delicious (two stars here). Sorry, DW Bistro, I really, really, wanted to love you! Maybe we'll come back another time and try Brunch!
4	Far too many people do not know of the sweet spots we have around town that are not on strip. DW Bistro is definitely one of those gems in Las Vegas, not only for the food, but for the amazing ambiance. The modern furniture, beautiful art work, and the relaxing music makes for an environment that is just warm and welcoming.  The first time I arrived to DW Bistro was to meet up with my friend Mario Luna. He told me about how amazing the atmosphere and the food was, I couldn't say "no." I walked into the restaurant and there was the manager Mycole Enciso there to greet me. He informed me that the kitchen was down due to some issues, that they should have it back up shortly, and offered us to have a drink at the bar while we waited. Mycole then escorted us to the bar and told us he would inform us when the kitchen would be back up and running. The bartender, though a little sarcastic at first, was great. Only halfway into our first drink, about half an hour there, the kitchen was up and running. I had never had Jamaican style food before so I was excited to try something new. I decided upon the Ox tail and it was good, but the Pan Sired Salmon that Mario had was fantastic. I actually went back about a week and a half later just to have it again. The whole time Mycole was chatting with us and making us feel very welcomed. I enjoyed DW Bistro immensely and I will be returning time and time again to show more people such an amazing restaurant that is conveniently off strip.
5	Love my neighborhood bistro!Came here the other night for date night! Repeat offender, been here 3 times now... and will be back often since I live down the street from this amazing place!I love bringing my friends here! good place to have dinner with your girls or date night!I've tried everything from their sliders, lollipop chicken, ahi salad, lamb, carrot cake, and I'm always open to trying their main entree of the night and the dessert special of the day. don't forget to try their selection of breads~ yumm!On my last visit they gave me the dessert special on the house! Thanks DW!I'm surprised that a lot of people don't know about DWB! I'm spreading the word! A must in Vegas especially if you live in the area!Indoor/outdoor seating. trendy. great customer service. fantastic food!ilovejewelyn approved!I'll be back soon DWB!love it!- Miss Yelp 2012
1	Ambiance is nice, food was not.
4	The food was good and the service was amazing, but it says they have a daily soup and I have been there before and they used to make a new one almost every. They still have on the menu that they have a daily soup, yet they have not made one in months.
5	Loved my meal here. The food succeeded at all levels. Plus the place is kind of fun. I was probably double the median age of most of the other customers in the place. It seemed like a bunch of young professionals getting started on their evening. The place has good energy.I came knowing I wanted the New Mexico slow-cooked pork. The chef was born in Jamaica and grew up- in New Mexico. I wanted to try something Jamaican, so at my waiter's suggestion I got the curry soup. All were tasty. The pork was definitely tender and had a nice spicy flavor to it. This is a dish I highly recommend.I also liked the curry chicken soup. Again, some nice, spicy flavors and tasty chunks of chicken, too.I started with a fresh-squeezed lemonade and also got a drink called a Delicioso, which included Pisco. It was maybe a tad too sweet but I still liked it.They brought me a complimentary slice of carrot cake. It was also well done. Nice presentation and the flavors were good.Although it doesn't look like they have a lot of wine on the menu that is food friendly, I liked the wine menu. There were several things I wanted to drink.Service was excellent.My GPS got me lost trying to find the place as it wanted to take me there via Beatty, but I see myself returning to DW Bistro if I go back to Las Vegas.
4	Definitely a hip place, especially when compared to the tedious sterility of the Summerlin area of LV. Ambiance is nice, food & drinks were both good. Bottomless coffee & mimosas is a nice touch for a casual Sunday brunch. Prices may be a tiny-bit expensive, but portions are big, and the quality of the food seems appropriate for the price. Service was quite good, and overall this is one of the best places for breakfast I've been to in LV.
5	I had originally written a review far too short to do this place justice. I am rectifying this now. Seriously, if you haven't come here then you're missing out.The menu is a little confusing if you're looking for a theme - but it's Caribbean and American fusion. You'll see some curry and jerk seasoned this and that. But I'll just tell you my favorites.Anything they offer with pulled pork? Awesome. This is mainly their breakfasty stuff. Their spicy pulled pork is tender and mixed with rice and eggs often. They know what's up here.Their grilled vegetable sandwich. Ok. This is not a veggie burger. It is literally vegetables grilled and placed between bread slices. It. Is. Amazing. The mix of the natural vegetable flavor with the jerk seasonings is perfect. I absolutely love this understated item.Their grilled salmon and seabass over veggies and rice - perfect. They pour some buerre blanc over it all which pretty much makes you see the light. Take that how you want. Their dinner salmon dish is also tender and grilled perfectly.During the weekend is brunch where you have the option of ordering their in-house pastries. Absolutely worth it. They are often served with their own jams and butter. You're welcome. Oh yeah, and bottomless mimosas are available.Overall, you can't really go wrong here. There is a fun, modern atmosphere. A happy and knowledgeable staff. Excellent presentation on all food while still having a reasonable price tag. I just don't see any downsides. Except there are wait times because of everything I just said. Sorry.
3	OK, my first tip is sharing is caring! The portions are huge! GO ahead and split the dishes. Everytime I end up here I'm starving, so I think I can order half the menu, sooooo stupid, but the leftovers are great! So far everything I have eaten is great. The place is festive, lively, and they make fresh cocktails.Check it out.
5	Amazing food..... Tried jerk pork with rice and eggs! Very spicy but in the best way. Also got treated to the best carrot cake ever, Jamaican with carrot, coconut, and pineapple.
5	Great food and atmosphere! Perfect brunch! Must try their different kind of fruits infuse vodka! For better experience sit at the bar! Bartenders are amazing!
5	The food is DELICIOUS. The chef is a RENOIR!This restaurant is NOT to be missed for foodies!True culinary genius!
5	The hype is real.  Been to DW a few times since coming to down and will agree that it is legit.  I will also agree that there is a good value when it comes to portion and price.  One word of warning, if you are dining in a group, one side might be enough for the entire table.  My wife and I got a side of mac and cheese and after we threw in the towel it looked like we barely made a dent.I will definitely be back for the Bloody Mary's as well.  They top it off with a delicious strip of jalapeno bacon in addition to all the usuals.Keep an eye out for the omelet specials on the weekends.  $18 seems like a lot for a breakfast plate but it was AWESOME.  The omelet itself was HUGE and all the fillings were great.  The toast is also a big bonus.  In most cases toast is toast, but here it's a little something more.I would agree that at times it can get loud depending on the crowd and if they are taking part in bottomless mimosas or something like that but you can always request to sit outside or in the back.Looking forward to going back and trying more of the menu...in fact, I think I'll go for lunch today.
5	Another place I can rave about the food and recommend to my friends who visit Las Vegas!  Situated on the west side of town in Summerlin (yes quite a far drive for those in Henderson, but well worth it!), they serve the most amazing food in Las Vegas for a decent price!  The ambiance is spectacular and makes the dining experience even more enjoyable!  They are known for their curry chicken soup and mac and cheese, so what does my group of friends do?  We order those of course!  Any boy...each bite of that soup and mac and cheese was irresistible and we just wanted more!Did you ask for bread to be paired with that soup?  Well you are in luck!  There are 4 types of bread to choose from!  And it just keeps coming!  I suggest to try all four at least once, but becareful not to stuff yourself in the beginning, because toward the end, you will be tooooo full to finish your meal!  I ordered the special for that day, which was a seafood saffrin risotto.  I assumed that it would be small portions, but I sure made an ass out of myself!  I ate too much bread, and when the main course came, I was shocked at the portions they served at this type of restaurant!  (Shocked in a good way of course!)  The fish, scallop, and shrimp were cooked to perfection!  Very tender and moist, and seasoned very well!  My friend got the braised ox tail which she really enjoyed.  I took a bit and my mouth was exploding in joy!  It was so flavorful with the red wine reduction flavor!  Very delicious!  Just remember to save room for dessert!  Many to choose from and the perfect way to end a memorable meal!  Once again, we chose the special of the day, which was a chocolate brownie with cheese cake on top.  Do I need to say more?  haha.    Another thing about DW Bistro is the awesome drink menu!  One thing I like about restaurants in Vegas is each has their own specialty drinks created by mixologists.  This restaurant has a jamaican theme to it, so they incorporated a lot of that into their drinks.  If you are a fan of mixology, definitely come down and try their specialties and fruit infused vodka!
5	I would give this place a sixth star if I could! The ambiance is lovely. The restaurant is bright and very modern. The overall feel of the place was summery and just plain happy. It was very busy but I completely understand why. The service is impeccable. Travis was one of the best servers I have had in a very long time. Very attentive, knowledgeable, and showed a genuine concern about our dining experience. The rest of the staff was a pleasure as well, even a manager visited our table to check on us. The food here is a foodie's dream. Large portions and the flavors are like POW! Of course POW in a good way. Presentation is also amazing. The food is Jamaican style so blends of sweet and spice. Everything was delicious. The carrot cake was the best I have ever had in my life. DW, you and I will meet again...very soon.
5	this place is awesome!  can't recommend highly enough.  great food, service, atmosphere, wine list.  i agree with the other reviewer - i would seriously give it 6 stars if i could.i went for dinner with 2 of my sisters and we tried a bunch of stuff on the menu - mac & cheese (amazing), one of the pork dishes (killer good - very spicy, just like she asked), and i had the fish special.  all of the food was super fresh, hot and delicious!  the wine i had wasn't on the menu but the waiter recommended it based on what i asked for (a pinot noir).  he brought me & my sister a good-sized sample before we actually had to order it - gotta love it!  bottom line, i can't wait to visit vegas again & eat at dw bistro.  i'm telling all of my friends that it's worth the drive off the strip to eat here!  looooove it!
4	Located in the SW part of town, I've been wanting to try this place out based on the excellent reviews for brunch and their take on dishes with either a Jamaican or Southwest flare.  My cousin was in town for a martial arts tournament so we decided to venture off the strip and give this place a try.  I was warned that the wait for Sunday brunch can be long, but they have a nice bar area with a tantalizing selection of alcoholic breakfast drinks (bloody mary with jalapeno bacon and other beverages with island twists such as the fresh strawberry mojito), and there is also a Starbucks next door to chill out as well.  I appreciated the vibrant modern decor with white walls with colorful bright-colored accessories (see their website) and plenty of windows allowing in natural light as well as their waitlist system on the Ipad where you receive a text message on your phone when your table is ready as well as the opportunity to receive periodic updates at your disposition (savvy marketing).  The noise level inside can be quite high for the brunch crowd inside although there is a nice patio when the weather is permitting.We started out with the pastry basket which came with a nice pastiche of goat cheese turnovers served with guava jam, blueberry white chocolate scones, and banana muffins still warm to the touch and they were a big hit at the table.  The main entree portions are generous and they all come served with a nice mini-bowl of fresh mixed fruit and thick wheat toast.   Being from Tennessee, I'm a sucker for all variations of chicken and waffles and the jerk fried chicken and waffles was on point with a decent amount of heat (although there are 4 bottles of hot sauce at the table if you wish to turn it up a notch), breast meat is perfectly fried into thin crispy strips of heaven that compliment the house maple syrup and waffles spruced up with a slight amount of orange zest.Some reviewers raved about the rice bowl of New Mexican style slow cooked pork topped with red chile and a sunny side fried egg served alongside fresh flour tortillas.  Conceptually and presentation wise, I had high hopes, but I found myself disappointed with this dish since it was severely under-seasoned (I almost never reach for the salt-shaker and this one definitely needed some salt) and for all the time invested in slow-cooking the pork, it was definitely overcooked and had no inherent flavor as well.  The chili was a paste of what tasted like pureed chipotle chiles but it could have used some tomato paste or acidity to add an additional dimension of flavor.  I hope I got a subpar batch but will not readily order this dish for myself and concentrate on their other offerings in the future.  I look forward to trying their lunch/dinner menu since the curry chicken soup sounds amazing and their other dishes/desserts also look delectable, but not the groundbreaking debut I was expecting but definitely with high upside.  Ted Mosby describes himself in How I Met Your Mother, "I'm not some top forty song, easily digestible. I'm complex, I require time and multiple listens. I'm Stairway to Heaven."  I'm confident DW Bistro will win me completely over with multiple tastings.
5	This place is phenomenal!!!  Today was my third visit in the past 3 weeks.  The food is so fresh!  Ever since my first visit I have been talking non-stop about this place to my husband.  I had him meet me there for lunch today.  He is the type to always find something he doesn't like about a restaurant.  He LOVED it!  This place is a must try.  The service is wonderful.  The staff is very, very friendly.  If I did have to give one complaint it would be that I didn't find this place sooner.
5	First and foremost I wish I could give 10 stars... by far THE BEST dining experience i have ever had in Las Vegas.came in this morning and sat at the bar with the bartender San. My bf and i have been in search of a good brunch place in Vegas and we've found our new spot! the decor is simple modern and elegant. DW was also behind the bar and he was so humble and nice! I started out with a Strawberry Ginger drink (its on their specialty cocktail list) it was amazing! so refreshing. then i moved on to a Bloody Marry. Amazing! their Bloody Mary mix is made fresh and it has a jerk spice that really kicks up the classic cocktail. for Brunch i ordered a roasted veggie egg white omelet. by far the best omelet Ive ever had. Roasted squash, peppers, and potatoes. and the various hot sauces they have really made the dish! my bf had the turkey burger. the bread on the turkey burger was so light and fluffy it was so good! we finished our meal with a strawberry mojito, but instead of soda water San introduced us to a Jamaican Soda called Ting. its almost like a Squirt but far better! all in all i cannot wait to go back. we almost came back a 2nd time tonight for dinner haha. Amazing place i will be recommending this to everyone!
4	Lunch. Went to this chic contemporary SW restaurant with a group of women for semi-business lunch. The menu is interesting and delish. Not your average fare. I had the Jerk Chicken Salad & Passion Tea (exceptional), my coworker the bowl of the day, and the other 2 had the sandwich special. All lovely presentations, by a very friendly server. The food was gourmet, fresh and oh so flavorful. I was told the brunch is wonderful too. For me, it was a bit pricey for work day lunch ($14 -$15), I like to stick under ($10) per day, but for a special occasion most fitting. I also have to say that both the food selections and decor swing a bit to the feminine, my husband (not a metro man) may not have been as impressed by the experience. I honestly think he would have left feeling half full & a bit miffed at the price. I won't take him here for lunch, (but maybe for brunch with free flowing mimosa) however, I will definitely dine again with girlfriends in tow.
5	You've read myriad reviews about the inventive drinks, meals and deserts.  I completely agree with the raves.  What I love about this place is the relaxed, no-rush attitude.  I'll be honest, if you are in a hurry to order, eat, pay and run, let them know as soon as you are seated.  You'll get a little more attention from your servers during weeknights.  The weekends and Sunday Brunch are usually a raucous, madhouse setting.  If you decide to join them for the party be prepared for bottomless "All Day" mimosas, a long wait to be seated and lots of time at your table.  Personally I love the fact that I can share a drink or two at the bar with friends and take our time without ever feeling rushed by staff trying to flip tables.A few suggestions:1.  Dine during the week for the most attentive service and less noise.2.  The daily specials are always amazing.3.  Specialty cocktails are worth a try.  Beware: some are very sweet and very strong.4.  Feel free to bring a bottle of wine from your own cellar, they are very accommodating.  5.  Remember, most of the flavors are bold and spicy.6.  Sunday brunch is a time for friends and good times, be prepared for an event, not simply a meal.  Schedule accordingly.7.  Come back regularly and bring your friends.Good Eating!
5	This place was awesome!  We were there for lunch on a Friday just before taking off for a vaca.  The ambience is clean modern with a touch of artsy and boho. Get the Deliciouso as a starting cocktail...not to sweet and not sour...just perfect, I believe it has Agave in it. The Ahi Jerk salad was perfect...absolute favorite!!  The pepper jelly added just the right sweet hint to the over all spicy tuna...what a great balance. The  Short Rib sandwich was great too; tangy and sweet with just a kick of slight heat.  All portions were perfect.  We had the Pesto Torte fro a starter which was good, but nothing to write home about.  Actually there was too much goat cheese, but it was quite good.We are planning on going again and checking out their dinner menu as there are more selections.  Definitely give this place a shot if you are looking for really good food, conversational atmosphere and a place to tell others about.  You will be glad you did.  :)
1	This place is a little over rated / pricey. The waiter was awkward n touched me on my shoulder which made me feel uncomfortable.
5	This is my spot! A year ago, my honey suggested we check out  this new restaurant that was right around the corner. Since I wasn't in the mood for going out to a typical chain- the suggestion was a go. DW Bistro was a hit with me and my honey- It was love at first bite! Since our first dining experience, we have dined here easily 10+  times (over the past year). We  have never left disappointed. In fact, our expectations are always exceeded.DW delivers on all fronts! The ambiance and style are right on target.The food is top notch infused with an island twist on traditional menu items. The service is always warm, friendly, prompt, and sincere. Another bonus, you can bring your pup with you to dine on their patio (just call to see if they're busy ahead of time). Also, I know that they are well known for their amazing Sunday Brunch spread. I haven't had a chance to roll out there to try it. But, I'd bet it's nothing short of AMAZING. Mimosas anyone? -- Kudos to DW Bistro
5	This is my regular brunch spot.  Do not miss out on the AMAZING chicken and waffles.  They have reasonably priced bottles of wine and I love their cocktails.  My man is a fan of their bloody mary (complete with jalapeno bacon), but I lean more toward their fresh muddled raspberry drinks.Having moved to Vegas after living in foodie mechas Boston/NYC, this place makes me feel like home with its attractive decor, interesting menu and great staff.
5	This place is a gem. I never thought I'd find Jamaican/Carribean inspired food here in Vegas. One word in particular stands out... Authentic. They know what they're doing. I had the Jamaican Curry chicken and it was a tongue tickling blend of chicken, vegetables, rice and curry. Loved the way the spicy sauce drenched the rice. And the ratio of ingredients were proportioned to perfection. Delicious! Cristina had the New Mexican style Pork and she was blown away. That New Mexican style red chili was on the money. The pork was lean and tender. And the eggs over easy was a nice touch! Now I never been to the the Land of Enchantment, but a couple bites of her dish and I felt like I was there. I loved all the hot sauces. I had that calypso sauce a long time ago over some Guyanese style Lo Mein. It just brought me back to my NJ/NY days where this cuisine is easier to find. Can't wait to go back and see what's up with the chicken and waffles. Only one suggestion, or a request actually... Jamaican beef patties as an appetizer?!
5	Awesome !! My new favorite place !! Best salads in town and the owner was great !! Will be back this week !!
4	A friend of mine recommended this place and I had driven by several times. So glad I finally went in. It's a hopping place. The crowd is late 20s, early 30s and it trendy without being pretentious. If you try one thing, it must be the pastry basket. Get the special pastry basket if you can. The last couple times I've been they have had guava and goat cheese turnovers that I dream about. I went back a second weekend in a row just because of those darn delicious turnovers. On Sunday they have all day mimosas. The drinks are well crafted. I had a fantastic cappuccino. They regularly run food specials as well. I had the eggs benedict with the house made sausage and it was a great balance of sweet, spicy, and savory. The potatoes are a little on the spicy side for the average person. My mom wasn't a big fan. I loved them though.You can sit at the bar or a table. The bar can get a bit tight when it's busy and the people behind the bar are doing drinks and managing orders for the customers at the bar. The staff clearly enjoy where they work and the owners run a tight ship where it is evident they hold their employees to high standards. I hope they find success and open another store.
4	This place is a great option for brunch and lunch and truly has a unique menu that has something for everyone. I have not  been for dinner so I cannot speak to that menu but Brunch is amazing with options in the sweet, savory, salad, amd spicy categories. Personally I love the jamaican jerk & waffles - a succulent blend of sweet & spice. I've also gone with the strawberry and banana challah bread and french toast and was not dissapointed. For lunch, the BLT sandwich was massive, and the chili was great on a colder Vegas day. My dining companions have tried many of the salads and so far I have heard nothing but praise. A full bar, with good selections of wine and beer. I think they have an endless mimosa deal on the weekends. The place can get packed on the weekends for brunch and they do not take reservations, so plan on getting there early to get your name on the list or be prepared to wait a little while to be seated.
5	I am very, very happy my good friend and fellow yelper Alma found this place, because without a doubt I'll be back several times.The appetizers I've had were all near perfect, especially the appetizer special Mac and cheese, which both of my other party members said was the greatest Mac and cheese they've ever had. The Jamaican curry soup is easily one of if not the best soup I've ever tasted. I generally like to try everything on the menu in each category, but thanks to that soup I won't be trying any specialty salads there anytime soon. For entrees I've tried both the jerk filet and jerk chicken breast. The filet was absolute perfection, I was able to easily cut through it with a butter knife(they gave me a steak knife, I was just testing it). The chicken was pretty good, although on a menu this awesome I don't think it's the right choice. The side sweet corn and truffle oil Mac and cheese was also very tasty.
4	DW Bistro has delicious food with eclectic style. When I first walked in I noticed the beautiful glass containers holding different colored drinks. I liked the decor for the most part except for the furniture. It reminds me of specialty convention furniture. It would be nice if they mixed in matched like kept the clear bar stools and traded in the white plastic chairs for something more comfortable. We started off with the DW Signature Salad ($9.00). It had baby greens, caramelized pecans, oranges, bell peppers, sprinkled with goat cheese and served with balsamic dressing. This was tasty and refreshing especially on a hot day. We then moved on to a starter while we waited for the main course. I chose the Chicken Flautas ($10.00) . If I could compare them to something I would compare it to a rolled taco but these are much bigger! It comes with lime infused sour cream, queso fresco, and pico de gallo. It's served on top of an avacado tomatillo sauce. These babies packed a crunch! I was skeptical about ordering the DW Vegtable Burger ($13.00). I didn't know what to expect but I was willing to give it a try. I'm glad I did because it was filled with flavor. It had grilled portobello mushrooms, grilled sqaush, heirloom tomatos with chipotle mayo. This can get messy so please remember to eat over the plate at all times. It was also served with some crispy sweet potato fries. I also had a Bloody Mary with my meal that came with a peice of bacon in it. It was okay but It was a little too salty. My Bloody Mary ranking would read as follows : PJ Clarkes, Hard Rock , then DW Bistro. The desert was fabulous it isn't your typical carrot cake. It had white chocolate shavings on the outside of it and had bits of exotic fruit in it. I can't remember which ones but this was the highlight of the meal for me. It was yummy! I would love to give DW Bistro a try during their dinner hours.
5	Great food and best service I have had in a longtime, really great staff you guys have. If you live in las vegas you should try this place. Truffle mac n cheese with bacon. Jerk fried chicken.
5	Wow.. Amazing. Turkey burger was great. My husband had the fried chicken, I tasted his and it was even better. Do not pass up on the Mac and cheese. The bar tender was not skimping on the alcohol in the cocktails. Great Friday night dinner.
4	We went in for brunch last Saturday based on other Yelpers reviews and were not dissapointed. The restraunt is tucked in a little strip mall in the Southwest part of town.The decor is clean and crisp with white walls and chairs with green and orange accents  throughout. There are also fresh flowers on each table, which was a nice touch.I was a little worried about the service we would receive because the place definately gives off a hipster, trendy vibe (and I am neither), but the service was impecable. Our server was friendly and helpful. The guy that bussed our table was also very friendly and we never once had to ask for a refill, he was on it.I splurged and had the Challah French Toast ($13) with fresh strawberries. The bread was cut in thick slices and cooked through so there were no soggy bits as sometimes happens with french toast. The best part about it was definately the vanilla infused syrup. The syrup had real vanilla infused in it and it really made the dish. The portion was more than enough for me to share and I still left one piece on the plate. I also had the pomegranate iced tea. I normally am not a fan of flavored teas, but this tea was delicious! It was lightly sweetened and refreshing.My fiance had the Chicken and Waffles ($17). The chicken is definately what makes this dish. The chicken is jerk spiced fried chicken and it is delicious. It was cooked perfectly, moist and flavorful without being greasy. The waffle was somewhat of a dissapointment to my fiance. With all the flavor in the chicken he was hoping the waffle would have some flavor too. The waffle was your standard buttermilk waffle, still thick and yummy, just not a lot of flavor. I thought this was a good thing to highlight the flavor of the chicken. The dish was also served with the vanilla infused syrup and again the portion size was generous. We will definately be back to try dinner!
4	We don't do things just once in my house. It's our anniversary weekend and  I suggest to my husband DW Bistro. I had come two weeks ago on my B-Day weekend with my girls friend and it was amazing. When we walked in the smell alone made my husband jump. He used to own a restaurant so it's hard for me to impress him. We split a house salad....what a great salad...mixed greens a little fruit cheese and nuts....it is a must have.I had the short rib sandwich and he had the salmon....everything was perfectly cooked and the flavor was great.Our waiter was amazing and very personable....I can't wait to try their brunch!
5	You know, when you want a really great meal, but NOT on the Strip? Something Tasty, that you know you will enjoy, this is the goto place for me. I LOVE their food. Spicy Lamb Chops - Jerked, and such great service to boot.The restaurant  always feels lively and fun, with a wide open bright layout it cheers you right up! Maybe this is why the wait staff is so pleasant? The bright colors make me feel good psychologically and the fantastic food fills my belly physically.I always leave feeling well taken care of and satisfied!I have heard great things about their brunch menu! I have yet to try it, but I plan to soon. ( the wait for brunch can be a bit...so plan accordingly)
5	Consistently a great meal across the board. I have had lunch, brunch and dinner here many times and all three are always spot on. Service is always pleasant and the menu is updated often enough to make it a place you wont get tired of.
4	The food here is amazing and the atmosphere is so inviting. Every meal I've had here has been fantastic. Love their pomegranate iced tea. The only problem is they can sometimes be a little slow during lunchtime. They need a little bit speedier service for weekday lunch hours. Other than that, everything is wonderful.
4	Yum! So enjoy eating here...especially the Sunday brunch!
5	I brunched at DWB this morning, my second time here in a year.  This place is so great!  I echo my first review in saying the decor is wonderful, the service is excellent and the food is THE TRUTH.  Seriously!  I had a chance to chat with Bryce again,   He's treats you as if you've been friends for years.  On to the food:Pomegranate Ice Tea - refreshing and delicious,  My server (I hate I can't remember his name - sorry!) even gave me a to-go cup which I happily sipped while driving.Fried Jerk Chicken and Waffles - the chicken, oh the chicken.  Chicken breast was moist and fried to perfection.  The breading was flour with the jerk seasoning.  The waffles were light and airy and crisp around the edges. So good. So-so good.Breakfast Potatoes - cubed red potatoes with yellow and red peppers and onions.  And the spices were just right.  They were spicy, but it didn't linger, you know what I mean?  Like the potatoes were not spicy just to be spicy, they had flavor.I told Bryce I had just landed at McCarren and came directly to DWB - he thought that was a hoot, but was appreciative.I will continue to make DWB part of my trips to Vegas.  This place is a hidden gem far away from the strip - and worth it!
5	My boyfriend had been perusing Yelp and came across this fanstastic bistro! We are always looking for something different and off the Strip. The ambiance is great and it didn't even feel like we were in Vegas anymore (which I like). We sat outside on their charming patio which I found to be very calm and relaxing. Our server (argh, i can't remember his name!) was very informative and helpful with our drink and entree selections. I was in the mood for some red wine and he recommended a delicious Spanish wine, Las Rocas, (of course I remember that) which went perfectly with my braised Oxtail. I can still recall the taste! Our server was attentive throughout our whole meal and definitely made it an enjoyable experience.I look forward to my next visit with family and friends!
5	This cute little bistro is full of light and art as soon as you walk in the door. Brunch seems to be very popular here because the place was packed. I ordered an omelette that had green chili, corn, cheese, and so many more ingredients I forget. It was huge and bursting with flavors you don't normally experience in an omelette. Our waiter was extremely friendly and knew the menu well. All around us there were at least 3 people who had ordered the chicken and waffles, so my next trip here I will have to try that dish. I've always loved New Mexican food and this place brings a wonderful infusion with Jamaican as well.
5	I saved my 700th review for something righteously outstanding. We decided to square in on something difficult for us to get to normally for our staycation time and this was the one place I was I really wanted.The space is modern and vibrant and it was a lovely day so we sat outside. They had a white peach pomegranate ice tea that is a must order. It's fruity and refreshing. After much back and forth on several attractive sounding dishes and suggestions from our waiter we decide on our lunch. While we waited, he came back with a little amuse bouche of sorts. He wanted us to try some of their very popular curry soup and it was quite nicely spiced and complex. Promising for our food to come.He brought a few bottles of hot sauces to the table that were favorites and explained each one. A place of my heart - I love things to be more spicy as of late! Short rib sandwich was a beef dream. The braise on them was done right and it was tender and juicy and the jalapeno bacon was smoky and really nicely crispy contrast and their ciabatta bread was good and held up to the meats. I threw on some Scotch Bonnet hot sauce on this was it elevated it perfectly. Sweet potato fries were really light and crispy, more like chips in that addictive keep dipping in the chipotle mayo on the side and popping it in your mouth sort of way.The "bowl of the day" was spiced chicken and chorizo bowl with roasted corn and chilies. This was such a hearty portion we could not finish. Lovely spice and I like that the chorizo was crisped up on the edges. This went well with the mango hot sauce on our table and was such a addictive combo. Being Asian I've cooked up just about everything and ordered everything with rice that it's hard to make me think it's the best thing on rice since white on rice. I loved this dish and reminded me of what my carribean creole neighbors mango gumbo fed me as a kid. Gah, nostalgia gets you every time. Since it was our first time there,  our server got us a small slice of their carrot ginger cake to taste. We were full and didn't think we can take more than a bite, but we had to eat it. It was moist, had a very nice balance of spice and the frosting was not too sweet. The raspberry and mango sauces and fresh berries on the plate were perfect accompaniments. I love carrot cake and haven't had one make me smile in a long time. My little heart is pining for some right now. I want a whole cake - none for anyone else. Service here was amazing. Our server Lorenzo was so upbeat and friendly and uber attentive to little details. That's what puts this place over the edge for me was all the small things which is such a rarity. Since it was our first time he told us the story of the place and food, took his time running through the menu populars and his personal favorites when we couldn't make a choice. It's rare that a place goes beyond to make your first time special and wanted us a bite of their star curry dish, try some of their banging carrot cake, brought us favorite hot sauces that pair well with what we ordered. It adds a depth of warmth and thoughtfulness that normally is reserved for regulars and even then is lost on many establishments. Something I expect from  ungodly pricey places, but isn't always delivered. Drinks were always topped off and we were checked on in a very present but not overbearing way. Also when we were handling the check, our ice teas were still to the top and he asked if we would like to take them in to-go cups with us and since it was delish of course we did. It was a nice touch. He also showed us their dinner and brunch menus and hoped we enjoyed everything and come see them to try out their other menus. I have been stingy with 5 stars, and almost never give first visits a 5, but this IS as good as it gets! One of the better dining experiences I've had in this city. Vibrant, exciting food, lovely atmosphere and thoughtful service. I put off going because I never have a reason to be in this part of town, but with a experience this strong this IS the reason to come out of the way here, and come back fast. It may even have to be this weekend.
4	We were just there last Friday night. We live close by, but had no idea this place even existed! We found this place by mistake and this is definitely our new Friday night thing from now on.Unique food, great service, goooood food (though expensive, this is why they get 4 stars and not 5), but awesome vibe. Will be back again!
5	Great food, Great Servise, defiantly will be back...!
5	We've returned to DW Bistro many times, and always to a wonderful result.  This is probably the best neighborhood spot on the west side.  We love it, the guys who own it, and the people who work there!
5	We happened upon this on a sunday morning and were surprised to find the parking lot packed.  When we finished brunch we were left with not doubt why the lot was packed, DW is fantastic.  Great, latin influenced menu that has lots of options and flavor.  Service was great, the entire staff was very friendly and helpful.  They have a great reservation system that will text you when your table is ready, nice touch.
3	This place is more of a 3.4 in my book.  My experience here is better rated when broken down into pieces.Customer Service- When eating at a place such as this one, I expect the customer service to be on point.  Instead, it was just... meh.  We were seated in the middle of the dining room next to a table that was literally one foot away from us.  One person in that party was extremely loud (which I know DW Bistro cannot help), but it was very distracting.  Our server only came over to take our order and never really checked on us.  Our food took a really long time to come out and nobody came to give us a status on it.  When our drinks were refilled, water splashed everywhere on the table and there was no apology or clean up.Food- My entree was EXCELLENT.  I ordered the fried chicken, which is boneless, and it was the best mix of spices... so good!  My fiance ordered the short ribs and he thought they were okay, but not the best he's ever had.Overall, while my meal was good I'm not sure that I dig the vibe that comes along with it.  Maybe I will try it at another time of day to see if the experience is better.
5	We went there for Sunday brunch. The menu has the perfect amount of options - not too overwhelming and everything is appealing. There didn't look to be too many veg options, but even if there's just a few, they are bound to be good.The spices and sweetness they use in everything I tried were really well balanced.I got the turkey sandwich and it was delicious with the fruit chutney top. It was heavy on the chutney so I added some of the hot sauce to balance out the sweetness (the big mango one). All of the hot sauces were provided at our table and were absolutely spectacular - really nice heat but also flavorful and low on the vinegar taste.The salads are perfectly dressed and full of good, dark baby greens.Someone at my table got the portabello mushroom sandwich, and it literally melted in my mouth at the first bite.Tables around got chicken and waffles and made me second guess my decision for a minute - great portions and the chicken looked perfectly blackened.The ambience was open and bright. Perfect for breakfast, brunch, lunch. It doesn't seem very intimate for a dinner atmosphere.The waiters were great and one of the owners even greeted us out the door and asked how we liked the food. Very nice folks!This is my new favorite lunch spot in Vegas. Interesting, delicious, perfect portions and bright, welcoming atmosphere.Tip: The owner told us they don't have the Lunch Menu out on Sundays because they only serve Brunch. But if you know you want something from the lunch menu they can probably whip it up anyway.
4	Since my first review a year ago I've been once a month on average. Lately, they'd been slacking- the server actually lost our order last time (Ha!) and today he actually forgot to bring out our app. At any other restaurant I'd lose my mind, but these guys get a pass. The food, which is usually amazing fell flat today. I never use salt on their food, but today was that day.  Lastly, they gotta turn up the music and change out those dying flowers on the table a little more often. Details.
5	I have come to DW Bistro for both brunch and dinner many times and I always leave full, content and tipsy. For dinner, the chorizo and shrimp appetizer is super good, as well as the dover sole puttanesca and the salmon, both incredibly fresh and flavorful. For brunch the chilaquiles and homemade scones are a must. Brunch is a particularly happening time to be there. I recommend ordering wine for dinner though, I have tried several of their cocktails and I didn't really love them. Any time you go, the owners Bryce and Dalton are helping out, greeting customers, refilling your mimosas 20 times, etc. They are super friendly, accesible hosts.I am anxiously waiting for them to open their downtown location.
4	i think it was called a caribbean mojito. i wont get it again.  i had the sole. a little on the salty side but good. sister had the steam pulled lamb. looked like pulled pork. really soft. bro in law had lamb on ribs. he got them medium rare and they were cooked right. the bread and lavage was nice. didnt really care for the beer jerk bread. the truffle macaroni with BBBB              A                  CCC                OOO            N        N                                               B       B          A  A             C         C          O         O         NN     N                                                            BBBB          A     A         C                      O              O       N  N   N                                                    B       B      AAAAAA          C         C          O         O         N     NN                                                          BBBB      A              A          CCC                OOO            N        N                                                                came out but it wasnt even warm. they brought out another and it was... warmer... im used to having mac and cheese to be steaming. ordered a carrot cake. damn... that thing was so sweet. overall the food was great. now for the annoying part. the acoustics in the place is weird. ive been to loud restaurants but the acoustics in the place was so awkward to the point that i was getting uncomfortable. it didnt help that there was a table of maybe 10 ladies sitting in a booth that had the walls curved towards us. when i looked around it seemed like everyone was talking in their normal level and tone of voice. but it was so much louder than it seemed. my sister said that when she came for lunch they sat in the corner next to the bathroom area. if you look at the ceiling its curved downward in a sloping fashion. she said she could hear people's conversations across the room. who designed this place? put some foam on the walls!
5	If I'm anything, I'm a bulldog, according to my boyfriend. So when new restaurants open up, I sniff them out and attack! (bulldogs get a bad rap!! LOL) This review is looooong overdue. I found DW Bistro pretty much when it first opened. Roughly a year and a half ago I want  to guess. When my boyfriend and I first started going we could always be seated, the owners always found the time to speak to us and the food was phenom from the get go!  Fast forward a year and a half....forget being seated...this place has BLOWN UP!!! And while I'm so happy for them....I'm so not happy for me!! The weekends are always slammed....be prepared to wait!! Have one of their specialty bloody mary's and relax! Now...the owners will still come around and speak to everyone it seems, no matter how busy it gets! One of them is usually at the door, full of smiles and hospitality, while another is usually on the floor helping out and checking up on customers. Either way, I am so pleased with the boom in their business that has not changed!! I always feel so welcomed and at home because of these two men! You rock!!!  Onto the service...overall excellent!!! When it first opened there was a waitress or two that weren't exactly.....ummmm.....on top of their game! But as of today, the service we get each time is pretty incredible  It seems, like the owners, the staff really take pride in the restaurant, the food and the experience we have there. It's rare! There is one waiter that my boyfriend and I have had a few times and unfortunately I haven't gotten his name (well....I have but have forgotten it cuz I'm terrible with names). I do know he used to be a busboy I believe and now is a waiter. He is so accommodating, on top of service and so friendly!!  The best part....FOOD! Still rockin'!! Everything I've had has been good!! The pastry basket is a good way to start. Of course if it's just two of you either be very interested in alot of yummy carbs or in taking some home. The blueberry scones are my very favorite. Served with a nice homemade preserve, they melt in your mouth.  One of my favorite Latin breakfast dishes is chilaquilles.  I first had it years ago when an ex-boyfriends mom would make it for me and it was so good! It's very hard to find a restaurant that serves real chilaquilles. A lot serve what I call breakfast nachos, which are not chilaquilles. But DW does it right!! The tortillas are not crunchy, the chicken is moist and seasoned to perfection, the sauce on top is just the right spice and I always order with egg whites versus the sunny side up egg. Chicken and waffles, burger, eggs benedict, chicken flautas, the pork anything...gosh I could go on and on.  It's all amazing!!! And I feel like I've tried most of it! (moo..haha)   Bottom line: this place is 1) worth the drive if it is a drive for ya and 2) worth the wait if it's a busy Saturday or Sunday!!
5	"We ate here last night. The food was incredible. Pretty spicy but the portion sizes were great. The staff was on top of everything and again the food is incredible."
5	it's a great place. the decor the ambiance is AMAZING!!!! THE FOOD IS 5Star!!!
5	My husband and I went here for the first time today- at 5pm on a Saturday- and we were thoroughly impressed. I haven't exactly eaten around at many steakhouses, but so far the best steak I've ever had, I had here. Absolutely delicious. Surprisingly generous portion sizes of top-notch food- they don't compromise quality here! They pay a lot of attention to detail. More details in the breakdown:Ambience and decor: First thing I noticed was the decor. Though I ultimately don't care about the decor (I'm here for food) I feel like mentioning it anyways since it was very nice. Sort of modern and airy- it would be a nice place to take a date! Music wasn't loud which is always a good thing.Service: We were promptly seated and the waiters were very friendly and informative. Food came out fast, though I must note there weren't many customers at the time we came. Overall the service was excellent.Food: TL;DR- EVERYTHING WAS DELICIOUS! Yummm. The drinks were perfect too. Serving sizes were surprisingly large! The quantity for the price was surprising, actually, especially since the food was such high quality.We were started off with some interesting bread rolls- they had a variety we could pick from. They came with a butter that I think had chipotle blended into it. Delicious.Husband and I both had gin & tonics with a full order of the jerk fried calamari appetizer. Whoops, we didn't realize how big a full order was! It could easily serve four or more people. Calamari was spicy as jerk calamari should be. (I'm not a big fan of spicy calamari but if you want a good spicy calamari here it is!) The gin & tonics were also delicious and there was a lot of alcohol in them.I ordered the special which was the filet and scallops with bordelaise sauce. It was served over mashed potatoes and with a variety of vegetables. The steak and scallops were cooked perfectly (I ordered the steak medium-rare), absolutely delicious. Steak and scallops melted in my mouth. I don't think I've scarfed down a steak so quickly. The sauce was delicious as well, not overpowering at all but flavorful and a perfect complement. The serving size was also generous. At $36 I actually consider this dish a steal!My husband ordered the New Mexican-style slow-cooked pork bowl. He said it was delicious. Also the bowl was huge, with lots of meat! Again a generous portion size. He also said the rice was good. They really pay attention to every detail here. Also, the spicy food is actually spicy!We ended up taking home leftover of both the appetizer and the entrees since we weren't expecting so much food. The bill came to $100, not counting the tip, for: 2 gin and tonics, a beer, a coffee, a full order of an appetizer, and two entrees (one of which was steak and scallops.) Since everything was perfect I think the prices are justified, and heck they're only a little pricey.I am DEFINITELY coming back here! I can't wait to try out their breakfast menu.
5	I've been multiple times and it is always great. Really friendly staff and even better food. I highly suggest the tomato and goat cheese omelet!!!
5	In short, DW Bistro is a fantastic brunch spot.  Here are the keywords/phrases to help you consider whether or not DW is for you: FRIENDLY ATMOSPHERE, JERK FRIED CHICKEN, and BOTTOMLESS MIMOSAS.There is always a warm greeting from the hostess and courteous attention from the wait staff. As busy as they get (and trust me, they can get busy--I wish they took reservations), they keep an eye on you (and your BOTTOMLESS MIMOSAS).  Even the customers at the bar are FRIENDLY. We met a regular named Randall. He was giving me drink suggestions while we waited for our table. People who frequent this place really care about it and want you to enjoy your experience.  And by the way, Randall was right about the Bloody Mary--it was a bit too spicy for me. I'm glad he asked he bartender to let me taste it first.  It was perfect for my Dad-in-law, so there was something for everyone. Of course I didn't need any help from Randall with ordering the BOTTOMLESS MIMOSAS. When people linger too long, I believe these drinks are often to blame. This is a place to gather and linger.  That adds to the energy of the place.  I can see how that lingering can be both a pro and a con. We've been coming to DW since they opened. Even from those first visits they were putting out a delicious, high-quality product. DW takes a Caribbean/Southwestern angle with their relatively traditional dishes.  I don't LOVE every dish. But I do enjoy them. Their unique take does lead to some less successful dishes for me. But I so appreciate the creativity and effort.  They always have tasty off-menu specials. This trip we tried the JERK FRIED CHICKEN sandwich and it was divine. I have no idea why it is not a regular item on the menu. It was one of the most tender, flavorful chicken sandwiches I have ever had. My mother-in-law declared it was THE best she had ever had. This is a fabulous local spot. I'm glad they are becoming a popular, regular spot for so many.
5	My husband and I had a delightful late lunch about 2 p.m. on a Friday. There were a lot of people there at that time, but there were a few open tables so we didn't have to wait. Our drinks were amazing--I've never had bacon on a drink before, but jalapeno bacon goes very well with a bloody mary! My husband's margarita was wonderful, too. We really enjoyed the chicken flauta appetizer--so tasty and beautifully presented. My husband had the New Mexican green chili cheeseburger and I had the grilled chicken special sandwich of the day, both with sweet potato fries and both scrumptious.  We split the amazing carrot cake and it was a huge serving--glad we shared it.  Our server was great and we were very pleased with everything. Highly recommend this place!
5	We came during the Sunday brunch rush! The waitress took down my name and phone number, and said there was a 30 minute wait. Right when I sat down, I received a text message linking me to the nowaitapp website telling me my position in the wait queue. In my opinion, that is THE COOLEST THING I'VE EVER SEEN! I was so fascinated by the constantly updating page telling you how many parties are in front of you that we got our table before we even knew it!When we were seated at our table, the first thing I noticed was the 5 different bottles of hot sauce. Talk about variety! The lighting of the place gave it a nice cozy feel to it.  I had the eggs benedict with jalapeno bacon.  This particular entree also came with some house potatoes and a fruit cup.  The fruit cup came out first, and it was a lot smaller than I expected it to be. There were both red and green grapes, a small piece of orange, a small piece of grapefruit, and half of a small strawberry. Sure, it was a small fruit cup, but everything in it was ripe and sweet. Definitely a great start to the meal! When my entree came out, it was pretty much a biscuit cut in two, with a few slices of bacon, and topped off with some cheese.  Also on the plate was about half a potato's worth of house potatoes.  I honestly could not taste any jalapeno in the bacon, but the entire meal itself was delicious!  However, for the price of $13, I would have expected a bit more food for this particular entree.I'd be back again, because the atmosphere and food was great! It was just the price that got to me. Heck, I'd visit again just to be put on that wait queue! haha!
5	Great styling awesome private room for  medium size events.
5	What a gem! It's sad I haven't been there until now, I'm a bit ashamed since it is so close to home. Dined with a friend after a day of hiking. We received a warm welcome. We snacked on dinner rolls to begin, that beer bread is awesome! Then, I had the oven roasted jerk pork shoulder. It was hearty and flavorful. Really comforting on this chilly day. My friend enjoyed her turkey burger, the chutney makes it extra special.  We also indulged in a side of truffle mac n cheese and cornbread. Oh, so yummy! Portions are good sized so we have plenty left to enjoy tomorrow.... and probably the next day.
5	By far the best food ever! So glad we found this place. Very unique menu. Excellent service! Thanks Marco! We will definitely be returning. They will be seeing much more of us.
4	Brunch is a madhouse! Vanessa N. was planning a UYE here and was told that they do not take reservations. I left my house early and got there right at opening to see if that would help expedite our wait time. Instead I was greeted with a line out the door and a no seating uncompleted parties policy.Oh well, instead of letting that damper the mood I waited at the bar with a few early birds to begin the festivities. What better way than bottomless mimosas? Absolutely none would be the answer. For a large party, the food comes out quickly. To begin we were given fruit to start. Jade W., Anthony M. and I split some dishes to get the full experience. Speaking with a friend from work, it is easy to tell a Yelper apart from any other diner. We tend to get a variety of dishes and share. ::check:: The hash is amazing and $11 for a full order. It is a steal. The omelet with jerk pork was light and airy. The eggs benedict with jalapeno bacon was so so. The bacon is crisp with a subtle hint of spice, while the eggs were poached to perfection, yet I did not like the carb portion of the dish. The service was exceptional. Luis took very good care of us. We had our mimosas and waters constantly filled. When we started to get too rowdy, they cut us off. It is never pleasant to be told that you have had enough, but I appreciate it.
4	I love the food here!  My favorite is the fried chicken.  It's so good that every time I go here, I intend to order something new but I almost always go back to it.  The mixed drinks are great too.  The only thing I'm not a fan of are the uncomfortable chairs, but that's a small price to pay.
5	Love this spot. Food is amazing. Staff are friendly and location is great for us by our house.
5	Love love love this place!!!! Having my day off and wanna go somewhere relaxing and with a lot of sun, here u go DW Bistro with good food and great serves!!! Start with a curry soup and a small appetizer (the one with shrimp) yummmmm, and wait for it, for the main course-- a DW salad and a Mexican beef with rice lol!!!Last but not least we got dessert AGAIN a must have carrot cake and a layer chocolate cake OMG They told us there will have brunch for sat n sun....ummmm I'm coming again lol
5	Went today for brunch...even though we had to wait 45 minutes for a table everything was amazing!!!Also 20.00 for bottomless mimosa....yeah nothing better than that!This is what brunch is about....can't wait to go back!!!
3	Service was good. I didn't realize it was a Jamaican/ Mexican fusion type place. I just went to have dinner with friends. Kinda pricey and the food was meh. But I'm not really into Jamaican type foods though, so I might not be giving a fair review. I had the braised short rib. It was kinda bland, and it was like pulled pork.... I might give the lunch or brunch a try though.
5	As good as it gets!We went to DW Bistro for dinner and were blown away by the food and service!Our server Justin was fantastic both friendly and polished.This is our new favorite spot!
5	I have to say this place is great, the atmosphere, decor, food, service. This place reminds me of when i lived in NY SOHO style. Went there for brunch greeted at the door by the host and directed us to our table. Waiter came right away for drinks within 2 minutes got our drinks. Placed our order I got the chicken and waffles which were awesome so juicy and had a little bit of a kick which I liked very much. My wife ordered the fillet it was awesome as well. Portions are generous.The waiter was very attentive came over a few times to check on us and so did the host at the door.Ended the brunch with their red velvet cake which again was awesome. This is a place that I've been looking for they have a nice bar area, outdoor seating glad that we went to try it.We will be coming back very soon. Keep up the good work! Only regret not trying this place sooner!
5	I saved all my visits for one review....roll them all into an average and....I still get 5 stars. Start with the host...what a keeper! He makes everyone seem welcome, no tude and is incredibly personal. The food - not been disappointed, full of spice, flavor and presentation. Haven't visited for dinner, but brunches are the place to be. $20 bottomless mimosas or bloody Mary's make the ( sometimes looong) wait bearable. You'll love it!
5	I had a few  friends come from NY for a week. Went to DW and this place did not dissapoint!It's hard to make a group of people all happy with their taste buds especially New Yorkers, but I have to say all of us were so impresed. Not one complaint the food is fresh and tasty. Even the pasta which I even doubted was superb. All of us ordered different dishes and all were GREAT!We went to this place three times in one week! Twice in one day, for brunch and dinner!Goes to say that this place is awesome!!!!
5	DW Bistro is such a fun place to go for brunch. Yes, you can have dinner or lunch, but brunch at DW is by far my favorite. Spicy bloody marys with bacon and/or endless mimosas accompanied with their delicious plates makes brunch an experience. My girlfriend always gets there oatmeal with fresh fruit, but the eggs benedict is amazing as well as their Chilaquiles. Although right now I'm eating my friends leftover Chicken and Waffles. So good! Anyone who loves brunch should go! P.s. Our server Marco was awesome!
5	We went to DW with friends for an early Valentine's day dinner. This was our first visit. My daughter recommended this place and we were not disappointed. It was so difficult to figure out what to order because everything sounded so good and looked so good going out!First I tried the strawberry infused rum which was delicious and not too sweet at all. I did also have the strawberry Caribbean mojito drink (can't remember what it is called). It was good but I thought it had too much mint and strawberry pulp.At the table for appetizers we had jerk calamari (not what I expected, kind of sweet), flautas (excellent) and a chorizo and shrimp dish (also delicious).For entrees I had the special which was a pan-fried skin-on snapper with coconut rice and mango salsa (out of this world), hubby had jerk lamb chops which he loved, most had the ox tails (got rave reviews as did the spicy mashed potatoes), shrimp scampi and chicken pasta. Not one bad review at all with entrees.We shared a slice of carrot cake among the table and it was delicious. The server brought us a slice of the most chocolaty cake that I have ever had on the house as well.It is a loooong way from our house but we will certainly go again. There are still things I want to try on the menu!
3	I wasn't impressed.  Maybe because the reviews were so amazing.  Food was good. Staff was friendly. The decor and atmosphere seems forced.  They gave us luke warm tap water with no ice- weird. Tables are too close to each other.
5	awesome dishes, friendly staff nothing not to like
4	Every meal here has been a wonderful experience and I haven't tried a dish I didn't enjoy. The space is light, inviting, modern, and fun. The service is great and I love that this location is away from everything. The JAMAICAN CHICKEN CURRY SOUP is delicious, the JERK CHICKEN LOLLIPOPS are yums, and I really enjoyed the DW House Rice that's served with a few dishes. All their meats, especially the jerk seasoned ones, are great too. I have yet to visit for breakfast/brunch (I KNOW!), but I've drooled over the menu a few times. But seriously, their menus are just so tantalizing that making a decision is very difficult. But that just means I need to go more often. Oh, and all their cocktails are delicious too!
5	First off the host is dope! I heart him he has a great carizama about him. An added bonus was when I asked the host if he had a Iphone charger he hunted one down for me lol and charged my phone (I just moved to vegas so I needed Siri alive to navagate me back home.) Second- THE BACON! OMG ITS CRACK! seriously im salavating thinking of it right now! The server totally hooked us up with huge portions of it as we waited for our food.Third-The mimosas PERFECTLY STRONG! They only add a little oj I was wasted after having several. ;) (be sure to get the $20 bottomless mimosas its worth it.)Fourth-The FOOD! Amazing well worth the hour wait. (Mind you the hour goes by fast when your outside getting wasted on mimosas ;) I had jerked chicken and waffles and it was the best EVER! Fifth- The bloody mary has BACON in it! WHHHHHAAAAT! BACON BACON BACON and a pickle lol how can you pass up a bloody mary with BACON in it? YOU CANT!I cant wait to go back and eat some damn BACON while sipping on bottomless mimosas NOW THATS HOW YOU DO BRUNCH!
3	My guess would be this place is a hit for breakfast or lunch, at least that is what the majority of the reviews are raving about. We stopped in for dinner. The restaurant has a very cool and modern vibe to it. Our server came over immediately and brought out water for us. The water was lukewarm and had no ice, which I found a tad strange. The dinner prices on the menu were on the high side and hence why the lower rating. Their "from the grill" section averaged at about $25 per plate... I just ate a fine dining restaurant on the strip and my entree that absolutely blew me away was $32... so the price at this restaurant threw me off a bit. Simple salad averaged at about $15 here.. You get the point. It was pricey for an off strip restaurant in the middle of a strip mall.I opted for the Jamaican curry chicken bowl with couscous ($14). The portion was huge, the veggies fresh, and the curry was adequate; there really wasn't much kick to it. I added quite a bit of cayenne pepper to my left overs which made it more delicious and less bland. Now, they could have EASILY made the portion half of what it was and had lower price points (this is especially applicable to the higher priced items on the menu). This would affect the marginal willingness to pay of the consumer. But, I digress. Boyfriend had Jerk Chicken Scampi over Linguine ($16), and that was very delicious..but once again the portion was quite large.Our server was great, friendly, and accommodating throughout. They brought us a complimentary slice of their carrot cake, and it was amazing. The gesture was also well appreciated.  I would probably try them for lunch or breakfast again, but this would not be my choice for dinner.My suggestion would be to reconsider the portion sizes, and price accordingly. But, something tells me that most of their revenue is generated during brunch/lunch, and dinner is an afterthought, therefore this business model works for them.
3	I had an OK experience with this place. We heard about it through Yelp and thought we should give it a shot. We only live about a block away so it was very convenient to have a pretty hip restaurant nearby. We stopped in for dinner and it had a nice vibe to it. The servers were really nice, but I have to agree with some reviews on here with the water...no ice and it was luke warm. Hmm we ordered the calamari for appetizer and that was a success it was different than any calamari I've had at other restaurants and there was a nice kick to it (if you like spicy food). My fiance ordered the slow cooked pork, it came with a bed of rice and vegetables and this order was horrible. It looked more like vegetable and rice bowl, she could not find a piece of pork and the flavor was lacking. We had high hopes with this entree just because the calamari had such strong flavor, but disappointing. I ordered the fried chicken and was excited to try it with the jerk flavoring. It's really hard to mess up fried chicken but I was not happy with this order. We ended up trading entrees because my fiance hated what she got. I gave this place 3 stars because of the drinks we ordered. Those were BOMB we ordered 2 glasses of riesling and  2 jamaican mojitos! This is the only reason why I would come back. We'll have to try again for brunch or breakfast but don't go for dinner unless your planning on drinking or pregaming at this place.
5	*****Great Cuisine*****Great Specialty Beverages*****Great Brunch*****Great Service*****Great Staff*****Great Environment*****Great Pricing*****Great "off strip" RestaurantDW BISTRO Hits it out of the ballpark with FIVE STARS all the way!
3	We came for Saturday brunch. The noise is deafening. Four screaming babies, one of them banging on the table. I'm not sure I can't blame the restaurant for rude parents, but people looking for a quiet brunch should be warned.
5	Dined here for a dinner date and everything about this place was amazing. Trendy and pretty atmosphere and restaurant, top notch service by the staff & bar tenders (very attentive & friendly), and the food was delicious! Everyone was having a great time. This was a great spot! We'll definitely try this place for brunch next time too as I hear it's really good.
4	My party of 4 and I went to DW Bistro around 3:45 pm for a late lunch. There were very few actually dining but several people at the bar. None of us had been here before, and we were tired of eating at Asian restaurants... Because this was close by, we decided to check it out! At first impression, I loved the interior design: the light was pouring in perfectly. It was bright, contemporary, and very modern. My friends and I noticed that the patio outside was also very well-decorated and wondered what it'd look like at night. It also helped that the weather was perfect. The host that handed us the menus and seated us was very friendly! The ambiance was perfect and I loved the art on the walls. We were attended to immediately, and our server, Louis, was attentive and patient considering we were first timers. Our glasses were always filled! There were no long waits and our food came out pretty quickly. A friend of mine asked if they had tea and our server said they only had pomegranate iced tea. Because he didn't know what that was like, our server was kind enough to bring one for him to try and see if he'd like one. Here's what we ordered:1. New Mexican style slow-cooked pork - Served eggs over easy, this slow cooked pork has the perfect texture and is jam-packed with heat! The portions are huge when you order bowls so you might want to share this one...2. Jerk Chicken scampi over linguine - Their jerk chicken is absolutely delicious and the sauce was delish!!! The jerk chicken was a little too spicy for my friend, and our kind server (again, to the rescue) brought him a glass of milk. It helped him a lot!3. Grilled Jerk chicken breast - One bite ensued a burst of flavor and harmonized well with the rice!4. New Mexican style green chile cheeseburger - It was tasty! But I am not a fan of jalapenos...That's just me though.Our server also gave us a complimentary slice of cake because we were first timers there! We chose red velvet and it was heavenly! He also mentioned that brunch here was big. I will definitely be coming back for it!
5	Beauty, Brains, Braun, Hipsters, Families...wait, what? That's the type of crowd you'll get here at one of the best brunch spots I've ever been to. Sure, you'll have to wait perhaps an hour, but grab a drink from their bar that has so many different types of fruit-infused alcohol and a $20 all you can drink mimosa special.Rumor (unconfirmed) has it that the restaurant owners go and purchase all their ingredients and food fresh in the morning before cooking it up during the afternoon. I'd believe it.They even send you a text message/call you whenever your table is ready. Unfortunately for anyone not living in the vegas area, there's not much to do right around here. Anyways, on to the food.Starters:Grab the DW Pastry Basket and don't think twice...chocolate croissants, blueberry white chocolate scones, banana nut bread, guava something something goodness, etc. Enough to share all around and you can take the fresh-baked greatness.Jerk Fried Chicken & Waffles: Best.chicken.and.waffles.ever. Chicken breast made me initially think twice about this dish, as i expected it to be pretty dry. Add in the lightly battered jerk spices on top of a moist piece of chicken breast, and you've got a winner.I didn't have any, but the slow-cooked pork was pretty good according to the rest of my party.Friendly waitstaff, fun atmosphere, delicious food = big winner in my book.
5	The moment you step in, you are welcomed with unique & chic decor! It feels like you are eating at someone else's home. The ambiance and the staff is great! Although I only went for brunch, there was an array of dishes to choose from! I tried the chicken flautas for starters and it was just as delicious as it looked! Must try! I also had the omelette and it came with fresh fruits and your choice of bread with many spices to choose from on the table! Mmmm!I will definitely be back to try the desserts and other dishes!
5	I was in town from LA for a little R&R and wanted to check out good foodie local places in Vegas. The reviews on Yelp sold me, and my experience at the restaurant proved them right. This restaurant is in such an obscure shopping strip (it seems like there's a Starbucks on every corner in Vegas!), but the quality is unbeatable. The service was top notch (our drinks never even went half down because the servers were so quick at refilling) and the food was fantastic and unique. I've never had any type of New Mexico/Carribbean-inspired cuisine, but I know I like it from this restaurant.
2	I really wanted to like this place but somehow it managed to fail my expectation.Ordered short ribs for an appetizer, grilled chicken with rice and jerk chicken curry bowl. Ribs were pretty good (but I cooked them at home so many times and I know it is pretty difficult to mess it up unless you're a really lousy cook). But entrees have really failed (especially for the price) and took good 40 minutes to be delivered (server's explanation was that printer in a kitchen was unplugged! Really, no tickets coming out in a kitchen on Friday night?!)Jerk chicken curry bowl: looked like a haphazardly thrown together bunch of vegetables with chunks of absolutely unseasoned chicken breast mixed with canned curry sauce. I won't comment on couscous because it is just... couscous. C'mon DW... you can do better than that for $16. Although, I admit that it tasted better next day after soaking the curry sauce :)Grilled Jerk Chicken breast.... again barely any flavor to it and barely a trace of advertised tropical orange glaze.We were issued a complimentary cake at the end of the meal... which at least shows that DW acknowledged the long wait and was apologetic about it.Food aside there are some other issues that DW Bistro management can address if they want to create a proper atmosphere. Since we had good 40 minutes to wait we had nothing to do but observe people around us... in particular, waiters slapping each other butts casually on a dining floor or bus person wiping his nose with his arm (he is either sick or he was doing coke in a back of the house).
5	Absolutely my favorite place in all of Southwest Vegas, and worth a trip from the Strip for tourists. My first visit was opening night and I return every chance I get. The staff is friendly and professional and the food is mind-blowingly delicious. Always a surprise in the flavors (like jalopeno bacon on the BLT or this fabulous chutney on the super-moist turkey burger) to make each meal fun and yummy.  The owners are present and welcoming and make all of us guests feel like VIP's.  Don't miss specialty cocktails or dessert; they infuse their own spirits with all kinds of great twists of flavors and the desserts are all made on-site. mmmmmm
4	Great food, atmosphere. Will be back.
1	Food took forever to come out. By the time we got the food, we were disappointed with the food. The food was tasteless, hard, and pricey.
4	Love this place! It's very inviting, always lively with happy and friendly faces and good food! I love the decor, it's classy and retro and modern. The owners seem to always be around and they're extremely friendly, which is always a plus! Our first time at dw bistro we went in for dinner. It was quiet and intimate. We ordered an appetizer which was the jerk calamari, one of their most popular apps.. It was ok, but we couldnt eat the whole thing... the sauce was slightly thick for my taste. But my dinner was absolutely amazing! I got the jerk chicken curry bowl with couscous and wow, first of all it was huge I could hardly put a dent in it but I couldn't stop eating it. It was so flavorful and they incorporated so many different vegetables into it. I loved it...2 days later we went back with a group of 8 for brunch... There was a 30 minute wait, not sure why bc there were several open seats on the patio that could have been pushed together, but it was worth the wait. Great breakfast, amazinggggggg bloody Mary's mmmmm super spicy I was in love, bottomless mimosas for $20 - can't beat that. I had a special which was the southwest omelette and it was great and once again huge!!! Couldn't finish it. Their breakfast potatoes were way too salty for me though. I loved the huge texas toast they served with my meal though. Tasted very fresh. They also brought out the basket of pastries, yum! And everyone had a great time. It has a very positive upbeat feel. We have already recommended it to friends and family and will absolutely be back! A vegas gem!
4	Came here with my man a while ago for the first time after reading so many pleasant reviews on Yelp. Walking in the atmosphere is very clean and fresh looking.. reminds me of a couple places in Cali.. Lots of 2 top tables (I hate 2 tops BTW) and a nice patio too. We had plans for a big dinner later on that night so we just wanted something to hold us over until then. The server was very nice and explained the menu to us and told us what items were her favorites. We decided on:Chicken Flautas $10.. which were like taquitos but much much better.. loved the queso fresco and avocado tomatilla sauce that was drizzeled over the 6 pieces!Ahi Tuna Salad $15... Loved the mixed greens and citrus vinaigrette that it came with.. The ahi tuna was not thinly sliced like I'm used to but came in like medallions.. So good!Red Stripe Beer $5.. For my man.. He said he had to get Jamaican beer with his meal. lolJamaican Mojito $12.. was refreshing, delicious and I loved the presentationHot Sauces.. They have a lot and our nice server described each one for us. The owner thought he recognized me but he was mistaken haha he was so chill and introduced himself and made sure we were completely satisfied. I most likely will be back here for dinner at the patio or during their weekend brunch.HOT TIP: I hear during their weekend brunch they have bottomless mimosas for $20
4	I had the pan-seared salmon and my friends had sandwiches.  Very good!  The servers were nice and seemed like a cool local place.  I want to give this 5 stars, but the restaurant needs to turn on the air con, it's not winter anymore lol
4	HIghly rated on Yelp, I've been wanting to eat here for a long time.  The first attempt was a fail.  It was a Sunday around 11:30am and the wait was 1.5 hours long.  My friend and I ended up going to the Yard House instead.  Having learned my lesson, I returned on a recent Sunday, but this time my gal pal and I got there around 9:45am, 15 minutes before they opened.  At first there was no one around, but at 9:50am, cars started arriving and people began to gather at the front doors in groups.  By the time 10:00am rolled around, there had to be at least 15 people waiting.  There really was no line formation, which was frustrating because once the doors opened, people just rushed in, not caring that others had been there first.  My friend and I got seated fairly quickly, but I would have been upset if we had to wait longer since we were technically the second ones to arrive.  Once seated, though, everything was smooth sailing for our brunch.     We shared the DW Pastry Basket:  2 big chocolate croissants and 3 blueberry white chocolate scones--we both enjoyed the croissants more than the scones.  I went vegetarian, ordering the Mini Corn Tortilla, an egg over easy with black beans, pico de gallo and queso fresco cheese atop two corn tortillas.  This was a hearty dish, nice and filling.  My friend had one of the specials that involved filet mignon and eggs, I think--whatever it was, she loved it.  Our waiter was very friendly and checked on us often and at the end of our meals, when we were already full, said waiter told us he was bringing us a surprise since it was our first visit.  The next thing we know, there's a lovely piece of carrot cake on the table--wow, that's so nice!     This place is popular for a reason; great service and food.  I definitely recommend it, but be prepared for a wait unless you get there early.  There were people waiting for a table the whole time we were there and also when we left.  I want to go back now that I can have meat again and sample some of the other tasty-looking items on the menu.
5	DW Bistro: *heart* (since I can't use a heart emoticon on Yelp, apparently) Totally unassuming in a little strip mall on Fort Apache. The space is a breath of fresh air in Vegas - modern, fun, bright, pretty. Lots of white and orange (think creamsicle-chic!) with cute three dimensional star pendant lights hanging above the bar and green pops from the potted plants scattered throughout. The restaurant is fairly small, with a comfortable little patio which is a good place to enjoy the weather when it is pleasant. Their menu is a mix of jamaican and new mexican cuisine, which seems like a strange combo but surprisingly, the flavors work together to create all sorts of yumminess in my tummy, so I'm a happy camper!Favorite dishes - Jerk Chicken Drumette Appetizer (LOTS of flavor with some definite heat) and the Pesto Torte Appetizer, which is perfect to share - goat cheese with nuts and flatbread crackers. Entree - The Fried Chicken!! I tried a few other things prior to finding this gem on the menu - fish, short ribs, etc - and although they were good, the Fried Chicken is what keeps me coming back. The Chicken has a bit of jerk seasoning to it for some spice, the skin is crispy, the chicken is moist, and it is served with the most delicious, melt in your mouth yet unbelievably dense cornbread ever. There is also a petite pitcher of jerk gravy that you can dunk/smother/drink your meal with. DESSERT (always the most important part) - they have a cake tasting. Yes, a cake tasting. These are not tiny bite sized pieces of cake - no - they are relatively normal sized slices of their Carrot Cake, Red Velvet Cake, and Chocolate Cake. They are all amazing. Don't get just one type of cake and say "I'll try the Red Velvet next time"... go get the cake tasting and eat it all. You can share it if you want, but I don't. It's amazing and it should be a rule that all restaurants offer cake tastings. Lastly, service is usually quite good, particularly for an off-strip place. The greatest thing is that the restaurant owners are pretty much always around in the restaurant. They stop by the tables to say hello and chat and overall just make you feel incredibly welcome - as though you're a guest in their home. Pricing is not inexpensive, but is definitely appropriate and even a bit of a steal considering the quality of food, service, and atmosphere. Check it out, you won't regret it :)
1	We dine at DW Bistro regularly but tonight we had a very bad experience. The service tonight was exceptionally SLOW. We had to wait 10 minutes before someone took our order and 30 minutes after our salad was served.  We waited for an hour for our main entree to show up but it never did. We had to follow up twice from our server, please note that we did it very nicely, on where was our food and he even blamed the kitchen for the slow service and that it wasn't his fault. In the end, my bf was so pissed that the server didn't even have the decency to tell us that the kitchen is running behind, we just left and paid for the salad. We love the food at DW but if the service is like this, too bad, we are scratching you off our list.
5	As with most great places in Vegas, this little gem is hidden in a strip mall on the far west side of town.  Dont be fooled by the outside, and dont let the distance scare you if you're from Hendo.  I finally mustered up the effort to travel to that side of town. I'm kicking myself for not going sooner.  This place is amazing.  It's small and it gets loud during brunch, but the food is incredible.  The staff is extremely pleasant and attentive, especially when it comes to refilling the mimosas.  The food was great and the menu has so many wonderful choices on it.  Portions are large and this is a perfect way to spend a long brunch on a sunday morning/afternoon.Also, if DW wants to offer unlimited flautas and mimosas for $50, i'll take up residence at the bar.  The flautas are just. That. Good.One tip for you: Don't bother looking at the menu before you go to try and figure out what you want. The daily specials will make you re-think your choice several times over.
1	Well, this will be a hard review for me to write. I love the food here. Up until Saturday, I've always enjoyed coming here. I'm giving this place ZERO stars because of the service... not the food. Here's what happened: Arrived at 7pm on Saturday and ordered a salad and two meals at 7:12pm. Everything went downhill from there. It took 40 minutes to get our salad and that was after we had asked our waiter about it. We got 1 serving of bread and our glasses refilled once with water. I watched 4 tables seated while we were waiting and order their food. Of the four, 3 got their dinners before we did, one of which sat next to us. Now to be fair, these people had been seated prior to us, but had ordered after we had. All in all, I watched 10 people who came in and ordered after we did get their meals. I mentioned something to the server and nothing was done. I stood up to leave at 8:23 and we still haven't received our dinners. The waiter kept blaming the cook, which pissed me off even more. In all honesty, it's managements fault for not being properly staffed and the wait staff for not informing customers of a delay. They should have recognized there was a problem and address it. Offer a free cocktail or something. I don't drink, but I'm sure other patrons would appreciate the offer. The thing was, nothing was done in the matter other than trying to put the blame solely on the chef.
5	My girlfriends and I (6-10 of us) meet every Sunday morning here for brunch. I LOVE THIS PLACE AND THE OWNER DALTON IS A ROCK STAR!  MY FAVORITE, FAVORITE, favorite brunch spot in Vegas. The food perfection, unlimited mimosas perfection, vibe perfection. What more could one ask for at 11 am on a Sunday after a Saturday night in Vegas?  Go for the eggs bene with the sausage....heaven!
5	We tried DW Bistro for lunch. A special was the pulled pork sandwich with carmelized onions and comes the choice of sweet potato fries or salad. The sandwich was bursting with flavor. Next time I will order the salad. Even though the fries were good the sandwich bun provides enough carbs. Since this was our first visit our server offered a complementry desert. Although we didn't think we had room for desert we chose the carrot cake. Our server suggested to box the cake  to go. However when the cake arrived it looked to good to take home and none was left in the box. The restaurant has a friendly ambiance, brightly lit, lively music and top notch service. Look forward to trying brunch.
5	I've only been here for lunch, but it's one of my favorite spots for a business lunch. The interior design is very well done, which is rare for a locals' spot. You expect that from a more expensive restaurant on the Strip, not somewhere in Spring Valley.The food is delicious and the flavors are well developed. The menu is a mix of Jamaican and New Mexican cuisines, so there's something for everyone. My favorite item is the New Mexican-style slow-cooked pork bowl, simmered in New Mexican red chile with two over-easy eggs and served over rice. The portion is huge and I always have leftovers for dinner.Prices are fair. You get a Strip like experience without the crazy prices of the Strip. It's not exactly cheap either, but considering the food, ambiance, and service, the prices are acceptable.
5	This place is so cool. It reminds me of my weekend foodie visits to LA with their vibe and decor. Travis was our server last night (super awesome btw) and helped me decide on their signature fried chicken dish. It was THE best fried chicken I'd ever eaten. It had a nice kick of spice, which I loved and wasn't expecting and so much flavor overall. They paired it with some mixed veggies and cornbread, which were the icing on the cake. I'm definitely coming back for their Sunday brunch.
4	Where do I start with DW Bistro?  First of all DW has been a long time bookmark for me.  I never had the opportunity until recently with a bunch of Yelp peeps. Read the reviews and one thing in common with everyones review is the wait. So, if you're a patient person, DW's is worth if for you.  I'm one of those impatient people, but had no issues hanging out with a bunch of Yelp buds while our table was being prepared. Ambiance...so cool.  I love the decor, specifically the art pieces by Pamela Nielsen. One thing about the decor here is that it keeps you calm.  No angry colors anywhere in this joint.  However, the prices to these pieces are pretty expensive even with the DW discount.  If I ever was to meet that sugar mama, the artwork from Pamela Nielsen would be on my list of gifts.  So right now, it's just on my wish list.  But I did get her card for one of those "I don't care about money" days. Price is about right for the type of food this place serves.  Food presentation is the key to places like this and DW's definitely got this part right.  All their dishes are well portioned, meaning huge, and the presentation of each dish is prepped so nicely that it made it even tougher to eat.  But for someone like me, this wasn't going to be a problem since food is my number one priority. For brunch, I ended up getting their Filet Mignon and Eggs.  By the way, this dish is not on their normal menu.  This dish comes with two 4 oz filets, 2 eggs, and some bread.  I killed this meal with the quickness so it would be tough for me to say I didn't like it. I love me some red meat and red meat for brunch made meal #3 for the day just perfect. Service here is great considering how busy this place gets. We had a party of 10+ and our server dealt with us as best as he can.  Busy is an understatement here.  Yes, you have to get here before they open and line up.  We were one of the lucky ones to be here before opening and I really feel sorry for the folks that waited over an hour just to be seated.  Actually, I don't feel bad. Their bad for coming in late. PS:  Vanessa N shout out.  DW Bistro is super super super good.Filet Mignon and Eggs:   http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=0W-jiyxIbSz02IOaeaPnGg&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQMy only treat from their pastry basket:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=KYkm65GAGeA5Esh3aZ8evQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQVery important for every meal:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=HL691i6bSmoft7U-i2hWzA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQArtwork by Pamela Nielsen (cooler than the other side the pillow): http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQhttp://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=vKEXDzm3KTazmz1B0A-4HQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQhttp://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=4rIE47Bzm_rgHMCGQfg0uA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQhttp://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=z1irvA2JCL1C0GFMWQZwXQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQhttp://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
4	Had brunch this past Sunday at DW with some fellow Yelpers and it was a fabulous bistro; we've all been to "bistros" that make you feel like you're walking into a Panera but with waitstaff- this place was a legit bistro. We started over at the bar- of course. $20 bottomless mimosas, and several other cocktails that made it hard to choose; we had the Raspberry Fizz and the Mojito with muddled strawberries- both were delicious but they tasted very similar. Boyfriend had the special "steak and eggs"- 2 medallions of filet, eggs, potatoes, and sourdough toast. It was delicious but the toast was lacking that strong distinguishing sourdough taste that I crave. I had the Jerk Pork Hash which was a HUGE mound of delicious shredded pork on a small bed of potatoes.. It's still in my fridge, waiting for me to toast it up in a quesadilla- the bill for the 2 of us came out to around $80 but I felt that it was a good value since $24 went to the bar.We had a really good time there; the service was adequate, the menu had lots of different choices, the bar staff was friendly and efficient, but most importantly the company was top notch. Bring a group of friends and family and you're sure to have a positive experience. They managed our large group of 15-20 well, only a few hiccups- GET THERE EARLY if you have a large party or else you'll be waiting forever.The only reason this place doesn't get a 5-star review is because I can't see myself driving across town from NLV to dine here unless I was meeting with a group.
5	I've been here multiple times but have never taken the time to write a review on how amazing this place is! Great food, great service and great environment :) I've never ordered anything that didn't come out perfectly. I'm so glad that its close to my home and that there's so much passion in the restaurant.
5	Awesome food.Fantastic ServiceGood PriceI ordered Chicken Curry Bowl. I am hungry when i entered but still I could not eat the entire thing. Quality of the Food is good.I will sure suggest this restaurant to my friends.
5	I have been meaning to write an outstanding review for DW since the first time that I went in for brunch last month.  This place was recommended to me numerous times and I desperately wanted to try the 'jalapeno bacon'.  Different circumstances (like the fact that they are closed on Monday's) kept preventing me from trying that glorious bacon but when I finally did - it was love at first taste.  I then went with friends for dinner the other night and just have to rave about the outstanding service and delicious food that night as well.  So this is a 2-part review:Brunch: I went to brunch with my Dad on a Saturday morning and because we are early risers, we were in the parking lot 10 minutes before they opened.  I had already been warned that the place fills up fast and I couldn't stand to miss another brunch opportunity without trying this place out.  We both got a bloody Mary, where previously mentioned glorious bacon was had and solidified my belief that dreams do come true (atleast when it comes to food).  The options on the menu are solid with the Caribbean influence apparent in the various flavors that are mentioned.  I went with the "DW bowl of New Mexican-style slow-cooked pork" and asked to substitute spinach for the rice. (In order to make the dish Paleo-friendly). HOLY! I don't know if I have ever had a brunch dish in my life that is more delicious than that bowl that was placed before me.  Between that and the additional side of jalapeno bacon that I ordered, I was in Paleo-foodie heaven.  My enjoyment of the dish was so apparent that one of the owners stopped me on the way out to comment on my clear satisfaction with my choice.  We shared a giggle in which I reassured him that when it came to food, I had no shame.  That interaction sealed the deal that DW would be my new favorite place to dine in Vegas.Dinner: Impromptu dinner plans with fellow Paleo-eaters on a Saturday night lead us back to DW Bistro.  I was once again nervous that we would be faced with a hellacious wait but was pleasantly greeted by the second owner at the host stand who reassured me it wouldn't be long at all.  Our server (I never caught his name unfortunately) was equally as pleasant and very patient with our various modifications as the night went on.  My friends ordered the 'Hummingbird Carafe' which was presented beautifully and apparently extremely tasty.  I stuck with water and am so grateful for how quickly my glass was refilled every single time it was empty. For an appetizer we shared the "DW Spanish chorizo with shrimp" which I believe was consumed in a record 5 minutes flat.  I then was SO tempted to get the previously mentioned slow-cooked pork again, which also appears on their dinner menu. I knew I needed to try something different though so I went with the "Pan seared salmon" sans rice and sub extra veggies.  I'm not going to lie - it wasn't as mouth-gasmic as the slow-cooked pork but it was yummy.  The best part was the various farmer's market veggies that the salmon was served over.  I can't recommend DW Bistro enough.  The staff seems happy, the owners are present, helpful and friendly and the food has yet to disappoint.
5	Yum yum yum! I love their brunch here. I just went for the second time and it was awesome. They have $20 bottomless mimosas which I took full advantage of! They were awesome and our waiter was very attentive and filled my glass up many times-even when it was only half gone. For my entree I got the chicken and waffles because I had heard a lot about them and wanted to give them a try. They were amazing! The chicken was jerk style and had this spicy kick to it which mixed with the flavoring of the waffles really well. I would recommend this dish to anyone who want to try something new.I love the ambiance of DW as well. It's a great place to go to brunch with a friend and sit and chat while eating and sipping mimosas. I would recommend getting their early because if you get there later on you will have a long wait to sit down because their brunch is popular. I would like to come back here to try their dinner selection to see if its as good as their brunch.
5	My wife and I have been coming here for two years now and have always had an amazing experience!  Try the mac and cheese!  The great selection of wine is great, too!  We also enjoy the friendly staff and atmosphere.  This is our favorite restaurant in town.  We have tried many, many restaurants in Las Vegas, but we keep coming back here!
5	Best place in Vegas for sure and one of the best in the world.  The carrot cake will take your breath away, love love love it.  Great staff, great food, and unbelivable desserts.  Miss it only at your own peril.
1	Everything was just spicy... no depth to any flavors and we tried a variety of dishes while there. Also, long wait and over priced.
4	I got the burger, and I have to admit, it was really good. They mix the onion in with the meat, to give it a meatloaf texture, and slight taste. I loved it. The only thing I don't like is the prices. A bit on the ritzy side.
4	Sunday brunch is not for the timid.  It was a fun 80's theme the day we were there, so staff was dressed up, but still very focused. Got there about 9:30 and seated by 10:00.  Had one of the best bloody Mary's I've had in a long time. It has a crispy slice of thick cut bacon and  a salad of accents all in a Mary with some serious kick.  All the food was more than generous portions and really tasty. ( I made 4 meals out of my Verde pork breakfast) Now the caveat..do not expect to have a conversation on Sunday morning once the crowd hits, the noise level was insane, but it's from all the diners, and the 100 plus people drinking and laughing waiting for a a table.  If you want delicious food in a hip spot and don't mind the noise.  You will be in heaven.  I've been told m-f is no where near as loud. That will be my next visit..  I'm a fuddy duddy so if it wasn't for the noise I would have dropped them a 5 star,
5	Amazing! Been here twice tried the Ahi tuna so good. Second time I tried the salmon and was perfect. I am very impressed and plan to eventually try the whole menu. Beautiful casual classy ambiance. Obsessed with this place! Can't wait to try the brunch. Macaroni is a must.
5	DW bistro is one of my favorite places in Vegas! food is consistent and atmosphere is so chill and amazing! You have to eat here!!
4	Been here twice so far.  Dinner was pricey and tje food was o-k.  Brunch is where this place excels.  The indian eggplant, roasted veggies, and goat cheese omelette is great.  Im usually not a goat cheese fan but this medley compliments each other nicely.  Also, gave the pastry basket a try.  Warm chocolate croissants and scones were a great ending to the meal.
5	This is it folks!! Went here on a whim and DW's instantly joins our rotation for eating out.  Went their for lunch and I had a the short rib sandwich and Mrs. Devo had the Jerk chicken sandwich. Both were amazing and the sweet potato fries were superb. The decor is also pleasant on the eyes and  the ice tea was delicious. We will be back.
4	How could I live on the Westside for so many years and NOT eat here!? I love this place.  Just had lunch for the first time today and the decor is so pretty and super inviting.  The weather was great so we took advantage of the outdoor seating which I appreciated was under a covered patio.  I had to bring my 2 year old along for the lunch and wasn't sure how "kid friendly" this place would be.  I was pleasantly surprised they actually had highchairs and a changing table in the restroom ( didn't use but glad to see they offered).  The thing that stood out to me beyond the awesome atmosphere and food, they have great service!   My server, who I was bad and didn't catch his name, he could see my son's patience was being tested so he asked if he could bring him something, I said sure!  He brought my son some flashcards.  Such a simple thing, but kept my son happy for another 15-20 minutes until our food came.  Small gesture but means a lot to a mom!  We had the ceasar salad which had some spice chipotle very good and the turkey burger with apple chutney and sweet potato fries.  All very delicious and both a large portion and $22 for both full meals.  Can't wait to go back with the hubby for weekend brunch
3	I have now tried DWB for brunch & lunch dates. For brunch:Jamaican omelet- super delicious. made very well. Chocolate chip pancakes- I don't normally like CC pancakes, but these are so tasty and made with a fluffy yummy texture. Breakfast potatoes-could be seasoned better but still delicious. In-house flavored iced tea...yummo!I SHOULD have had: $20 bottomless mimosas! next time...For lunch:I had the vegetable curry. It was delicious and super veggie-fied. . . I would love to see more vegetarian/vegan options available on the menu. It was my choice to return here with my friend Helen after our hike and I felt like my options were severely limited and since I have an allergy to mushrooms sometimes I can't always have veggie burgers depending on their ingredients. As for the restaurant itself- GORGEOUS. Beautiful modern decor, colorful menu, full bar that makes your mouth water, patio seating outside, clean immaculate bathrooms, and fabulous staffers that are diligent in making a wonderful experience to the best of their abilities. ** I would love to follow up with a review in the future via the website if I see more veggie options added and noted within the menu as such!
5	DW Bistro offers more than just your traditional breakfast!
5	This has got to be the best place for lunch and brunch! My husband and I took my mom here for Mother's Day today and the brunch was fantastic!! The bread basket is to die for! The owners are super nice and run a great business! They gave roses out to all the mothers as they left and even gave me one even though I'm not a mother. It was a awesome experience, and now dad wants to go back for Father's Day brunch!
5	Wow! I've been here a few times, and I've been missing out.All the appetizers I've gotten have been great. The jerk baby back ribs were amazing! I've had the shortribs, the oxtail, the jerk fillet... all those entree's were great. How did I ever miss out on the fried chicken!?! The cornbread was out of this world. This is my favorite place to eat in town, sometimes there is a wait for dinner, and I've always had to wait for a table for brunch. But it's worth the 20 minute wait time. Great food, great drinks, and awesome service. 5 stars all the way.
5	Jalapeno Bacon Eggs Benedict?  WINNER!Better get here right when it opens or you will be waiting awhile as their brunch here is amazing. I mean I can only really vouch for their Eggs Benedict, but the waiter was so awesome that he allowed me to get half classic, and half jalapeno bacon because I wanted to try both.  Both were amazing, and that bacon; man it haunts me!I haven't tried but I hear they have bacon in their Bloody Mary too!  I believe this is a legit brunch spot and intend to come back and try more menu items!  Excited!
5	Loved this place! Came here on a Saturday for brunch. I got a Bloody Mary and my hubby got mimosas Both really good! For brunch I got the flautas which were very delicious and my hubby got the pork hash! Can't wait to go back !
5	This place was incredible! Where do I begin? Travis, our waiter, was perfect. He was informative, polite & gave great service without being overbearing.  The presentation of the food was so colorful and pretty. The prices were not high considering how much attention to detail this little gem has in store. The menu is full of variety and after taking Travis' suggestion to order the chlaquiles, my palate was HAPPY!  A perfect highlight off the strip after spending too much cash for average meals on the strip. Totally worth the drive... an amazing brunch!!!
5	The food is always great and the owners and staff provide exceptional service and make you feel very welcome. Also, the decor is very inviting and comfortable. I can't imagine any way it could get any better.
2	I thought this place was just okay. I had the fried chicken and it was not that special. I hear the brunch is good. I might give that a chance someday.
5	This place is out of this world delicious. I highly recommend the ribs for an appetizer; they are fall off the bone delish. They serve a basket of fresh made breads that are unique and very tasty. I ordered the jerk chicken salad, it could have used more flavor in my opinion, but it was a huge portion and everything was fresh. The crowd was a combination of younger fashionable people sitting at the bar, but families and people of all ages eating dinner there too. Great modern, clean atmosphere. A little on the spendy side but well worth it.
5	Loved this place! Came here on a Saturday for brunch. I got a Bloody Mary and my hubby got mimosas Both really good! For brunch I got the flautas which were very delicious and my hubby got the pork hash! Can't wait to go back !
5	This place can get very busy, especially on holidays and Sundays, but it is well worth the wait. We came here on Mother's Day and were told that there would be a pretty lengthy wait, but ended up with a table within 30 minutes thanks to Bryce at the front door. The atmosphere and decor are very chic, but comfortable. This place is exactly what we need more of in Vegas, which is why it is so popular.
5	Recommended: Wasatch White Ale, Pesto Torte, Mac and Cheese With Truffle Oil, DW Homemade cornbread, Braised Oxtail, DW Fried Chicken, Pan Seared SalmonIt's not just delicious, it's genius!  We've been here several times and tried something new each time even though it's tempting to just get the same great stuff over and over again.  The menu is that good. The dishes are crafted: everything is deliberate down to the garnishes.  Clean your plate without shame.
5	We were trying to find a place to have dinner and stumbled upon DW Bistro on Yelp. So many good reviews, we had to check it out. We arrived around 5 on a Saturday night and there were not many people around, I'm guessing the long waits people describe are during brunch. Anyway, we were seated in the back and met Luis, who was an amazing server. (I am really big on service.) We ordered 2 infused drinks from the bar which were awesome. Waters were kept full. Yummy bread basket came out. And best of all, our 3 year old's mac n cheese came early for her. The macaroni and cheese almost made me wish I had ordered it myself. SO good. I ordered the chicken curry with couscous and my husband ordered southwest pork with eggs. Both so flavorful and large portions. I am famous for putting tons of salt on most everything I eat but didn't need or want to add salt to anything to we had here, it was perfect as it came out. As if I wasn't already in love with this place enough, we then tried the carrot cake. Obsessed. I'm already excited to go back. Love this place!!! It is worth noting that while we were there  every single server was a ridiculously good looking male. I know that has nothing to do with anything...just throwing it out there. Lol
5	Delicious! I had the pork bowl which was delicious and had a generous portion, I took half of it home. Their homemade ice tea was also delicious, with a twist of Caribbean flavors. My friend had the pan seared salmon ( I try to refrain from ordering salmon when eating out because it's so easy to make at home ) but their salmon was delicious as well, a slight twist on the rice (saffron and lemon?) our waiter was also a highlight of the visit, extremely courteous and friendly! Will definitely be coming back for brunch
5	I have been here three times now and every single visit has been amazing! I heard about this place from a coworker and decided to give it a shot. It's very modern looking inside the restaurant and has a very fun vibe to it. The wait staff is very attentive and knowledgable. So looking at the menu, they have a very unique list of dishes. The first visit I ordered the New Mexican green chili cheese burger. Now when it comes to any type of chili, ESPECIALLY New Mexican chili I am super picky. All my family is from Albuquerque, and my grandfather actually grows his own red and green chili, so I know authentic New Mexican chili. DW Bistro did not disappoint and had the real deal. I was in heaven! Getting to eat good green chili is something I look forward everytime I go visit my family, and now I have a place to go to while I'm not over there. I ordered my burger rare because most places over cook their meat. DW on the other hand made it true rare, which not to their fault, was a little too rare lol. The burger was nothing short of amazing though. I've also tried their flautas, enchiladas (special of the day at the time), and the Jamacian chicken curry on couscous. Now let's talk drinks. I'm not a fan of bloody marys, but due to the fact that they add two strips of bacon and a whole pickle as garnishment, I might order it next time. I usually stick to the Jamacian mojito, and boy do they make it strong. They also have a wide assortment of beers from the Caribbean. I keep hearing about their brunch on Sundays, but going anytime is a good time. My only negative comment about this place is the ginger candy they give you with the bill. Yuck! Lol
4	The best food I've had in Vegas off the strip. The oxtail was great, just avoid the bones. Also, ask for all the extra Jamaican sauces on the side.
5	Love Dalton, Bryce, and fam! I wish I could spend more than 4 hours with you and your restaurant.Waittttt, I probably have! Xoxo!
5	I've been here once and it was an amazing experience. Not only did I have good company, the food was amazing. It's not cheap. They have vodka that sits/stirred/mixed/refrigerated with fruits that taste amazing!So, you're basically drinking pure vodka and it doesn't even taste like it in the least! They were about $12 for one. So, dinner for two was about $70-80.It is definitely worth the visit, but I need to try out their brunch menu and give it a shot.
5	Jamaican Latin fusion?! I never would have thought of it. The BF took me here last Saturday, and MAN OH MAN, was this place amazing! We ordered:BF: New Mexico style Slow Cooked Porkme: Shrimp Scampi over linguineappetizer: Jamaican Baby Back Ribs They give you really big portions so we were happy to bring home lots of leftovers. All of the food was great, but I must admit, the BF's dish was the best! The slow cooked pork had a fried egg on top  and it was served over rice. I'm spoiled, so I got to eat my food AND some of his. By the end of dinner we both struggled because we were so full, but the food was so darn good we didn't want to stop eating!The service was great. Our server recommended that we come back for the brunch, so that is definitely on our to do list. When we mentioned that it was our first time to the restaurant, he told us to wait because he had a little something for us. He brought us a slice of Jamaican Carrot Cake.O.M.G. This is unlike any carrot cake you have ever had. It had macadamia nuts, pineapple and covered in white chocolate shavings. The frosting wasn't like the overly sweet cream cheese buttercream that you usually find on carrot cake. This was much lighter and really creamy. The carrot cake had something else that I couldn't put my finger on (it's been driving me crazy because I can't figure it out...Cloves? Cardamom?) Whatever it is, it is totally worth the drive to Las Vegas. I am so bummed that I can't find anything like this cake in So Cal. Guess I'll just have to make more trips to Vegas ;)
5	Whenever I am in Vegas next; hopefully sooner than later, I don't care if I have to pay a taxi from my hotel to take me here...I'M GOING! This place was fantastic. We made a reservation for brunch on a Saturday for six of us, although two people in our party were running late. Even though they were pretty crowded they cordially let us sit down and didn't make us wait until our whole party was there. About a minute after being seated we were greeted by one of the most cheerful waiters I have ever encountered--I forget his name but he has red hair--and offered us some drinks to start with while we wait for our friends. I have two words for you : JAMAICAN MOJITO. You may want to wait a bit before driving after this one but WOW. Our friends ended up taking a little longer than we expected but our server showed absolutely no frustration or rush for us to order. I'm usually a faithful eggs benedict bruncher, however I ended up going with the jerk chicken and waffles. Well, as soon as it arrived I knew I would not be leaving hungry...it was HUGE. But it ended up being great because the others at my table realized how delicious it was and had some bites! The syrup is sooo deliciously flavored and it's the perfect combo between sweet and savory. We were so mesmerized by our meals that even though we were stuffed we couldn't help but order desert! (Only one for the table though). Can't wait to come back, maybe even for dinner! Nice bright, sunny and welcoming atmosphere for brunch though.
5	I came here for dinner with a friend and I absolutely loved it. I don't have Caribbean cuisine often, well, hardly ever so it was a nice change and twist of flavors for me. I've come to find that "Jerk" anything is pretty much an awesome flavor. The interior design is adorable. The colors are bright and open. Although it's not a big space in the main dining area the orange splashed on the walls makes it appear more open. The furniture is cute and the hanging starry lamps and nook area with seating as well as cabinet fixtures - all cute, if you're someone that appreciates the environment you dine in. They also have an outdoor seating area which I noticed is very popular and has cute lighting as well. For drinks my friend and I each had an iced white pomegranate tea. Sooo good! It's super light and fresh. There are so many delicious sounding items on the menu so it was really hard for us to narrow down our choices. We ordered the calamari to share - perfectly cooked, it was tender and had the perfect amount of breading on it. We also shared the spanish chorizo and shrimp. The chorizo pieces were okay, a little chewy but still good flavor-wise. The shrimp pieces were fairly large for the dish and really good! For dinner we had the grilled jerk chicken with seasoned vegetables, rice, and a side of the Mac and cheese with truffle oil, bacon and mushrooms (this side is a huge portion!). All of our dishes were well-made and absolutely delicious. The best part of our dinner was the decadent house made carrot cake slice with white chocolate pieces. Free for all first timers that dine here. It was such a nice treat! We ended up talking with the owner of the restaurant a lot, Bryce. As he came by and checked up on us more often than any other owner of a restaurant I've ever met. He is so sweet and made sure we were comfortable the whole time and doing well with our dishes. We also chatted about a restaurant I frequent often in boulder city near my home, so I felt he knew his stuff. I'm really glad I took the time to drive out to this restaurant! Will definitely return soon, this time for their popular brunch specials!
4	I absolutely loved this place. True it's waaaaay off the beaten path (meaning far!) but TOTALLY worth the drive! I had the Ox Tails and was not disappointed. The atmosphere was totally trendy but the staff was extremely nice and the food was served very quickly.I would definitely and do intend to go again, the next time I think I'm going to round up some of my family members and have a good time.
5	Stopped in here for my final meal on the way to the airport (maybe 10 minutes away), and it was fabulous! Both indoor and outdoor decor are updated, and you could tell who the regulars were as they were greeted by host and manager/owner (not sure which one?) with open arms. Although the clientele made me a little nervous with their designer purses, the prices are completely reasonable, especially for the food you get.For lunch, I had the couscous salad with perfectly prepared ahi tuna. It was incredible. My mom had the jerk chicken salad which was also good. Throughout our meal, we were check on a good amount and waters were always refilled. We probably should have stated that we were in a hurry at the beginning because they are willing to let you take your time. However, once we voiced this, they were attentive to our needs. Only downside is that I couldn't take leftovers! It was a big salad and could have easily been split into 2 meals.
5	Conveniently located extremely close  to the salon I work at. The management is so lovely and attentive.And the food is on the same level as the amazing customer service. We recommend all our guests to try out DW as we know they will not be let down!
5	Hidden little Summerlin gem - one of our faves! The staff is so friendly & accommodating. Bryce (one of the owners) is always walking around to check on the guests. The food is amazing - don't miss the calamari if you like spicy or any of the bowls. The salmon is fantastic too. DW is the best restaurant in Summerlin, if not all of Vegas.
5	Trendy, upbeat but loud interior. Not the place if you wish to have dinner conversation. Owner and staff really friendly and helpful and menu interesting and diverse. The portions are large but when they say spicy, they mean spicy so watch out. Definitely order an extra side of their rice and beans. The jerk chicken was a bit dry but my companions surf and turf was excellent.
4	I like this place, it's so convenient because its so close to my house, the problem is that lately it gets so crowded you have to wait hours to get seated,and they don't take reservations, I like the pastry basket and the cheese , I ate the chilaquiles and they were really good not that spicy, my husband ordered chicken and waffles and they were not bad but not good either.I like that they have a small patio and decor is my  favorite, definitely coming back , if I can get a table of course!
5	Ate there today for the first time. It was awesome. If I'm going to have brunch out, I want something unique and yummy, with healthy options and a twist of class (quality too) - that is what we had at DW Bistro. Service was great too. Loved the pastries and the pomegranate iced tea. I had the special eggs Benedict, with the jalapeno bacon and chili's. Two others in my party had the oatmeal. I was surprised to see how good that is also. I tasted my friend's and it was unusually good.  We will go back, that's for sure.
5	We love this place! We eat here several times a week and we've loved everything we've tried! Whatever you do try a cocktail, you will not be disappointed!
5	This place is so wonderful! The food is delicious, the atmosphere is very relaxing, and the service is top notch. You can expect great food, laughs, and delicious cocktails as well. The management is the best! Very friendly. I Would recommend this place to anyone who wants to see what a great restaurant experience is all about! If you are visiting, or just looking for a local hangout. This is the place you want to be. :)
5	Order without fear. Everything is wonderful!
5	Food and service is amazing here!! My friend and I had Travis as our server and he is the best!! He kept checking in on us and made sure we were doing good. The ambiance is very relaxing especially in the late afternoon for an early dinner. I had the jerk chicken scampi and my friend had the braised short ribs. The carrot cake was amazing too!
5	This place has been on my food bucket list for quite sometime now.  I finally had to opportunity to try it and I'm so glad I did!  The restaurant has a wonderful ambiance and the decor was nice and welcoming.  Our server was Travis.  He was awesome and was very attentive to our table.For dinner, I had the braised short rib.  It was sooo good that I couldn't put my fork down!  It was served on a bed of their daily mash which went so well with it.  My friend and I decided to split the carrot cake.  It was perfect.  Not too sweet but full of flavor.I can't wait to try this place for their brunch!
5	Tried this place out because of all the awesome reviews and my friend kept telling me to go! I'm sure glad I did because DW is awesome. Upon walking into the restaurant my friend (Sheila A.) and I were a little bit confused because you immediately see a couch and a wooden cabinet, I honestly felt like we walked into a furniture store. Caught me a little off guard but then we saw the host and on the other side of the wall of the entrance was the bar. I notice the interior is modern (bright orange walls) with a few accent pieces wooden distressed furniture. We were seated and introduced to our server Luis. Calamari was our appetizer of choice and a few minutes later here is comes. I liked the taste of the breading and it was different, but Sheila did not expect what we were served. Luis asked us how it was going so far and as much as we hate sending things back to the kitchen, we sent it back and opted for flauntas instead. Luis was very accommodating and did not make this an issue at all. We were served the flautas, OMG they were amazing. I like to think of these as taquitos, but made with chicken. The tortilla that was used was delicious, I don't know if they make their own, but they taste just like Cafe Rio's tortillas and everyone knows Cafe Rio has amazing tortillas. Onto the entrees, I ordered the bow tie pasta with chicken, which this was really good too. The veggies were really fresh, I even love the fact the string beans were perfectly cooked because they still had the snap to them (I could tell they used the shocking method to cook them). Sheila ordered the slow cooked pork with egg. This dish had a little bit of heat to it and the dish itself was hot (temperature wise). Pretty good too, I could tell there were a number of spices in this dish. I think Sheila was sweating a bit from eating this dish, haha! Finally we were served a complimentary piece of the carrot cake, probably the best carrot cake I've ever had! The cake didn't have the typical cake texture, but was a bit more rough (in a good way). Possibly due to the amount of carrot they put in it. I also love the white chocolate shavings they trim the sides with. The best part is Luis said it was on the house since it was our first time at DW. This restaurant is truly something special. We need more spots like this around town because this restaurant has personality and serves great tasting food. Although the price point is a little higher, it is worth it. I will add that this restaurant is a wonderful option for a special occasion dinner or an intimate date. Finally, Luis was an awesome server, more people who work in customer service should be trained like him because he went above and beyond to make our experience at DW enjoyable. I will recommend DW to anyone and everyone. Yumm.
5	What can I say - I would eat here every single day if my body could afford it. I come here with my girl every Tuesday, and not once have we been disappointed. We always get the New Mexico green chile cheeseburger.. With sweet potato fries.. My mouth is salivating as I type this! Their iced tea is to die for, as are the Bloody Marys. I recently came here with my boyfriend and he got the filet, which he was impressed with, and he is fussy when it comes to food. Servers are amazing, always attentive and super sweet. Ill be back next week. Hopefully sooner.Oh! Get the carrot cake. Just get it. You'll thank me later I promise you.
5	First time here Wednesday night. Went with a friend for dinner and drinks.She knew what she wanted before we even sat down and with our server, Justin's, help, I picked out my entree. Both were AMAZING. She had the salmon with couscous and I had the oxtail with mashed potatoes. Everything was cooked perfectly and the presentation was beautiful. It came out in a timely manner and piping hot. We also had a couple cocktails that were really good. She had some sort of raspberry martini and I had their thyme lemonade with berry vodka. My drink was suggested by a guy who worked there named Nick. He was really nice and stopped by our table a few times to check on us and chat a little. The only disappointing thing was our dessert. I'm a HUGE Red Velvet Cake fan and this one fell WAY short. The cake lacked flavor at all and the sauce on the plate was really overwhelming. We are going to try the carrot cake next time for sure!Over all:great atmosphereamazing foodwonderful staff and serviceCouldn't ask for better. (Minus the red velvet cake. Haha.) I'll definitely be back to try their brunch!
5	So you drive into the parking lot of a random strip mall and see a restaurant with "Bistro" in the name. Based on my personal experience, that normally would mean that the restaurant would need to be avoided.But that generalization certainly does not apply to this place. This establishment is one of those rare gems where you can achieve three- to four-star restaurant quality flavors at a one- to two-star price.We came with a large party of 9 for lunch, and everyone was satisfied with their choices. My personal favorites were the couscous salad, which featured perfectly seared and seasoned ahi tuna as well as a perfect level of acidity in the couscous, and the Jamaican curry chicken, which had the right amount of spice countered with a seemingly endless variety of greens. Certainly, fresh ingredients are clearly the focus at DW's.Not many folks would expect such quality for entree prices identical to those at Applebee's.Drinks are also tasty and generous in terms of their alcohol/cost ratios.The atmosphere is hip but very informal and relaxed. Servers are cordial, attentive, and have a keen sense of humor.If you are visiting Las Vegas and have a car, do not hesitate to drop by this restaurant if you need a break from that casino prime rib or buffet special.
4	Finally got to try the much touted DW Bistro today for brunch!  Loved the decor and atmosphere (it was loud in main portion of restaurant but we were seated in the other area which was great!).The service was top-notch- all of the servers were attentive and personable.  We started off with drinks-3 of us had the pomegranate iced tea- ( Re-Fresh-ing! )-my husband asked for a Guinness beer.  Server earned brownie points for asking whether my husband would prefer a chilled or room temperature glass.   Two of us ordered the Grilled chicken sandwich with jalapeno bacon, lettuce, tomato & chipotle mayo accompanied by the DW salad or sweet potato fries (I chose the fries).  It was a perfect sandwich!  The fries were delicious and I am usually not a fan of SP fries.  My husband ordered the Chilaquiles  (white corn tortilla with chicken, Chilaquiles sauce, cheddar cheese, two eggs,  pico de gallo, lime infused sour cream, avocado tomatillo sauce and queso fresco).  He loved it but did say he would have declared it perfect if it had chunks of avocado instead of the sauce.  Our fourth person had the Caesar salad with chicken (whole romaine served with crostini, shaved parmesan, and DW signature Caesar dressing)- the server asked if our friend would like the romaine chopped beforehand- nice touch.  All of the food was plated beautifully (and had I not seen the over 500 pics already on Yelp I would have taken pics myself but my resolution for the year was to quit annoying my friends by insisting on photographing their food!)We finished the meal with the  famous Carrot Cake.  It was beautifully presented and as good as every previous Yelper has claimed it to be.  I saw several other items I wanted to try so we will be back!!!  I have to say that the food and concept seems similar to Honey Salt but if I had to choose, I would pick DW Bistro!
4	Talk about trying little of everything. GOD BLESS fellow yelpers in life! It was Suzy H birthday so rounded up few yelpers too go out and celebrate. Most of us was the first time or least for me it was so went in with open mind open palate! Did I need both for my first visit. Thankfully with other yelpers all on the same page got too try little of everything. The apps ohh my gosh between all of us just about order the whole menu and the kitchen sink. Talk about some amazing apps from the jerk oven roasted baby back ribs, jerked fried calamari, pesto torte, and couscous salad with seared ahi. The SIZE is no JOKE at DW Bistro! It not just about the size but the quality of the food without doubt stood out for me. The baby back ribs could have order whole slab be totally in rib heaven. The meat just fell off the bone, moist, and flavor had nice jerk hint citrus flavor then later get the spice kick in. Jerk calamari might look different (hell of dark) but that from the jerk seasoning tasted awesome. Pesto torte fan of the creamy goat cheese with the seasonings in it! It not so thick goat cheese but creamy enough that places perfect spread on flatbread crackers (out of the two the lavosh is the only way too go)! Talk about lot of cheese it felt like effiel tower of cheese! Couscous salad like fact that it was cooked al dente, nice mix of vegetables and seasoning in it, and the seared ahi on top was nice compliment too the dish. Every single plate looked cool. Nice clean plate, not overdone with the decorations, great portion, and let the food stand out by itself.My entree ordered the jamaican curry chicken bowl. Talk about monster bowl. It was enough too feed two. Plus after all the apps had it was more then daunting too think about eating the whole bowl. The curry sauce itself was da bomb. It had nice curry seasoning throughout the whole dish. LOVE love the fact that it had so many different vegetables. All nice size cut vegetables that after sauteing everything can still distinguish each vegetable eating in the bowl. The chicken was cooked perfect nice moist decent portion in it. Break it down more vegetables then chicken. Am all good with that ratio. If your in the mood of chicken bowl or bowl DW is the way too go.CORNBREAD........It deserve whole paragraph by itself!!! Not many places in Vegas been that has good true cornbread. DW heads and toes has the best cornbread. The crust is divine, hot and moist inside, again talk about monster portion, and the honey butter that the key. Sooooo Good! The service was fabulous! Our waiter was on top of it all night. I had too leave early for hockey game. He was more then happy too ring up just my check. Rest of the yelp gang stayed for desserts. The decor is very modern with one artists work through out the restaurant. Someplace so close too my house never realize why it taking me this long too find it. Happy able too find DW on top of fact helping celebrating Suzy H birthday icing on the cake!!! Sure plan on coming back again.
3	Went during brunch with my boyfriend & another friend. I ordered a New-Mexican Style Slow-Cooked Pork w/ Over-Easy Eggs, Tortillas & Rice. It was a generous portion but I don't know if it was the hot weather or not, I couldnt finish it! It was way too spicy for my taste buds & I like spicy. I had a Mimosa as well to quench my thirst. Didn't do the bottomless though. My boyfriend ordered the Jerk Chicken & Waffles, which he enjoyed for the most part. The waffles werent anything special and actually dry but paired with the chicken is delicious.My friend ordered the BLT, which I didnt try but she says it's probably one of the best BLT's she's had in a while.I give it a 3 because I wish there was more menu items to select from. One of the Yelpers here mentioned how the flavors of all their food is a little "monotone" or something like that, which I completely understand now that I've tried the place. I think every dish you could order could possibly taste the same? If that makes sense. The prices were so-so & the atmosphere was alright, couple flies here and there because the outdoor patio was connected to the inside dining area, The service was friendly though & the ambiance was welcoming. I guess I'd have to try this place a second time, perhaps for dinner & I'll have better ratings for it.
5	Definitely a must go to restaurant. It has a nice chic look to it. Food is amazing and the prices are unbeatable. It's a little far out from the strip but worth the drive. My new favorite spot to eat at in Vegas. Looks like this place is here to stay :)
5	My sister flew in from St. Louis just in time for lunch.  We arrived at DW Bistro around 1.30 pm and the restaurant was full.  Luckily, a table for two opened up.  The decor is light, airy and modern. We started with a refreshing carafe of St Germaine elderflower, sparkling wine and club soda.  Perfection!  We each had the DW signature salad.  The combination of the greens, candied nuts and goat cheese form a perfect union topped off with a delicious vinaigrette.  Upon recommendation from our awesome server, we split the jerk chicken sandwich.  They had me at jalapeno bacon - YUM!  Full from our delicious meal, we took a slice of their carrot cake to go.  OMG - the best!  The cake was light and super moist with bits of ginger.  The cream cheese icing was covered in beautiful white chocolate shavings.  So happy that our sisters' week in Vegas began at DW Bistro!p.s. the Jamaican ginger candy that came with the bill is AWESOME
4	The Sunday brunch is reason enough to head to DW. Just be prepared for the long wait times. The food is excellent and you can't beat $20 all you can drink Mimosas!
4	Came here after putt putt and was really hot. Was greeted by this very cute guy who kept my water glass filled while I waited for a table. Very good service from him, loved it!Finally got a table and sat down. I love the menu, the food all sounds so good, but finally settled on the DW Nicoise salad. My date had the Jamaican curry chicken.I loved my salad, the dressing was divine! I really liked the tuna, but the server never asked me how I wanted it cooked so it came out rare, which I never eat. It was okay, but I would have MUCH preferred medium rare. I dislike hesitating before every bite because I don't care for the rare taste. It wasn't bad, but I could have enjoyed it more had it been cooked a tiny bit longer. The fingerling potatoes were really, really small too. That's too bad, because I really love those. The salad was great, but it really needed those two things to be an excellent salad (bigger potatoes, tuna cooked longer). My date had the curry chicken bowl and it also had a choice of couscous or rice and he didn't get offered that either, they just brought it out with rice. He would have liked it better with the couscous. As it was he barely touched it. The service is great as far as refills, etc. But they fall a little short on the actual customer service and what they really want. I don't like to have people assume about what I'll eat. Oh well, it's a great place, I really like it and would highly recommend. Just read the menu and know your choices!
5	I love this place! It has an amazing vibe with a wonderful staff and delicious food! What more could you ask for? The owner came to our table to meet us and was such a sweet person. He made us feel very appreciated, served us personally, and gave us a complimentary cake for desert. I've only tried brunch here so far but it is wonderful, from the presentation to the taste. I can't wait to try dinner! It gets pretty packed in here so you might have to wait for a table but its worth it. I'm so happy this place gets so much business! It's great!!
5	Love this place! I heard great things about DW and finally had a chance to experience it for myself. Luis was such a great server and made everything on the menu sound so good I wanted to order one of each. I'm glad I didn't because the portions were well worth the money. I ordered the Jamaican curry chicken and the first bite was good but then I noticed that every bite I took, the flavor got better and better. Accompanying it with a pomegranate iced tea that although a little sweet for my taste, it didn't detour me from asking for a refill. Luis surprised us with an amazing carrot cake covered in shaved white chocolate and said it was the only way to experience the entirety of this fabulous new gem. I will definitely be going back for more. Can't wait to try their brunch items.
5	I went here for dinner over a year ago and it was very good, but have not been back since (due to proximity) , yet keep hearing about their brunch.  Made the 20 minute drive this morning.... and it totally lived up to the reputation.  Service was FIRST CLASS from host to server, and the unique dish I had blew me away.  I was highly impressed at the attention to detail from their efficient text message waiting system, color scheme, music, training of the server, presentation of food/mimosa, but especially the uniqueness of the menu.  I am a very avid cook, and not easily awed with many dishes... I was taken by surprise with an "omelette" that had so many flavors I couldn't believe it.  Only knock I have on the place is we sat by the bar and it was so busy people were standing right on top of me and bumping into me while eating.  If you go you won't be disappointed, just ask for table away from bar.
4	This was my first time visiting this bistro and it was very good. The service was on point, my water glass was never empty! That's one of my biggest pet peeves because I drink a ton of water! On to the food, everything looked so good however my whole table ended up ordering the special halibut and it was almost worth the 35$ a plate price tag. Being from California I'm used to the sea food being less expensive so that was my only qualm. It was do good I could eat it every day! I personally didn't care for the calamari appetizer, the flavor was ok but the squid was a little chewy for my taste. I have to say this is a great little bistro with an excellent staff and great menu. I must note that I called about bringing a small cake in and they wanted to charge me $2 dollars a slice to cut it! I thought that was absurd when restaurants on the strip only charge .50 cents a slice. Either way, I will be back once my bank account recovers!
5	Amazing! We had a private brunch event. Food was amazing. Staff was polite and professional. The owners are beyond friendly and helpful. This place is great.
4	I have been looking forward to dinner at this place as it was recommended by two of my friends. We came in as a group at 6 PM on a Thursday evening without reservations but were seated immediately. The space is on the small side but was tastefuly decorated with a warm and contemporary flair. Our server was extremely attentive and informative with regards to the daily specials and hot sauces. We ordered the calamari with Jamaican spice as a shared appetizer, and this was my favorite dish of the night. The dish had a mix of sweet and savory, and it was full of flavor. Several folks in our group (including myself) ordered the New Mexico slow-roasted pork over rice for their entree and were surprised by how spicy it was. It had a good amount of heat and came in huge portions. I would definitely come back to this place and order the calamari again, but I'll probably pass on the pork. While I wouldn't say that the pork dish was bad, I was finding it less enjoyable of an experience to finish my meal because it was just too much food!  They have several other dishes that look more promising. Overall, the service is awesome and the food is pretty tasty!
5	I'm reviewing this restaurant all the way from San Francisco because- its just that good. I moved from Vegas four months ago and have missed DW every single Sunday brunch since. The service is insane good. The owners are super involved and recognize return patrons- so refreshing! The food- even better if its possible- chicken and waffles are THE BEST I've ever had. Bottomless mimosas, and spicy bloody Mary's are cherries on top. I travel a lot. This is one of my favorite restaurants in the country.
5	Great place hidden in strip mall. Food is delicious, service is great and ambience is young and trendy. If you are looking for Sunday (or Saturday) brunch, this is the place to go. Bottomless mimosas: Check!And you have to get the chilaquiles if they did not run out!
5	Have you ever flown first class? or have gone to a spa and got pampered? Well, at DW Bristro you will get a combined experience of being pampered by fulfilling your taste buds and the service of first class. The place is inspired by the taste of Jamaica, Hawaiian fusion and Latin food. Love this place. A must go for great service, cool atmosphere, and super delicious food. The owner of this place DW is genius.
3	You can read others positive reviews I'm want to list the opportunities. After spending 15 years managing restaurants I can spot the opportunities within two minutes of being there. Only in exceptional great restaurants does this change -why? Because the staff is well trained and cares about the success of the restaurant vs a staff just going thru the motions until their shift is over. Arrived for Dinner at 5:30pmOpportunities: -Server had too many tables and his service was lacking. Too long to greet us. We were first timers and nothing was explained about what was on the menu. Bussers had to be told by a manager  to bring his 3 tables bread. This should of been a clue to the owner that he was in trouble and needed help. The server seemed to be MIA a lot. One of my biggest pet peeves - the server failed to meet the 2/2 rule. Always, always ask your table within 2 bites or 2 minutes of receiving their food if everything is ok. Food 4/5 - Dover sole was overcooked. Atmosphere 4/5 - No music playingService 3/5
5	Great atmosphere when we dined inside.  The staff was so pleasant and we met the owner.  The Jerk Chicken Salad was amazing. Great place if you want spicy food and there were the only place nearby open until 11pm.
1	I would have liked to review DW Bistro but after a 30 min drive we were disappointed to see it was closed.  The YELP page said it was open, not the case!Update your ecommerce world
5	Simply the best breakfast / brunch place in Vegas.  Well of the beaten path, this gem is a fusion of utterly fantastic & friendly service and deliciously unique food.  Personally, I'm a massive fan of the Sunday brunch w/ $20 bottomless mimosas.  Be prepared to lose your entire day because you will never reach the bottom of your glass.  I simply cannot say enough great things about this place....
5	I own the Laser Hair Removal Salon in the plaza (ivy laser salon) and I have the pleasure of eating here everyday. I joke with the staff that they have drugs in the food because I'm addicted. The owner Dalton, the manager Rudy and the main bartender, Eric are all amazing!Now to the food:My favorite appetizer is the signature salad with goat cheese (a lot of it!) and caramelized pecans (so delish!!!)My fav entre is either the braised short ribs with the mash or the turkey burger with the mango chutney. They're both so well-seasoned. My mouth is watering just typing this. My fave dessert is hands-down the carrot cake. In fact, I ordered a whole cake for my grand opening and all my guests were hooked!My fav drink is the pomegranate iced tea (I dont drink alchy but they have an amazing bar menu too!)overall its an amazing restaurant with an amazing vibe and an even amazing menu! Being originally from LA, I'm very well-versed in these types of spots.I highly recommend it for any time of the day.. including an amazing weekend brunch... but get there early, the line becomes super long!
5	I loooooveee DW! :) I've been here for lunch a couple of times, and oh boy it never disappoints. GREAT food & drinks. Servers & owner are very friendly. My ever favorite lunch item is the chicken curry with rice. but also I've ventured in getting bowl of the day couple of times, & those are awesome as well.Everything I had, from appetizers, salads, or bowls are good. They also have these great sauces (or hot sauce...) that isn't your typical tabasco, that goes well with everything! So make sure to ask for it. Although their food doesn't need it I think it adds other dimension to the flavor.I am still yet to try their brunch which I've heard is bomb but is always busy. DW is definitely one of my favorites!
5	Had brunch with a friend Sunday (her first time) and as always, you can never go wrong with the pastry basket.  My personal favorite is the goat cheese and guava turnover fresh out of the oven!  We had the breakfast sandwich and vegetable omelet with pomegranate iced tea which were all wonderful.  The place was packed and we just wish we saved room for their infamous carrot cake!  Next time!
5	Excellent food, I eat here at least 4 times a week.. have yet to try something on the menu that i havn't liked.. the Jamaican jerk infusion on some of the choices is amazing.  Their cobb salad is off the hook.  Turkey burger is amazing too.  Place gets packed sunday.. people are waiting outside to get in.  So come early
4	Great service!Great decor!Great food!Great time! Went with a bunch of my girlfriends for a birthday dinner, and we all had a great time! The wait staff was very friendly and fast! I had the short ribs and liked it but felt it needed a little more flavor something was missing either salt or a seasoning it just needed one more thing, but I would def recommend it and get it again (prob just add salt myself) the daily mash that came with is was DELICIOUS and the vegetables that came with it, eehhh I could of done without. Other menu items ordered was the salmon (which I had a taste and LOVED! I thought it was perfectly cooked, crispy on the outside and perfectly moist on the inside) and fried chicken (my friends didn't like it). All in all we had a blast and I will def be back . OHHHHH I can't BELIEVE I almost forgot to mention the Jerk Calamari TO DIE FOR! I would eat this everyday! Even non calamari and non seafood eaters at our table LOVED IT!
3	I really wanted to love this place. By all the reviews that I read and the pictures of the decor and food it seemed like something I could see myself wanted to go to often. We went on a sunday for the brunch because well who doesn't love bottomless mimosas and bloody mary's? We got there about 15 mins before they opened and there was already about 15-20 people ahead of us. We were immediately seated and ordered out bottomless goodness but I guess they forgot? Because we had to ask 3 different times for our drinks. I got the hash which wasn't really a hash and it was so spicy I could barely even eat it because my bloody marry was also very spicy. The husband got the DW bowl of slow pulled pork over rice, he really didn't like it he said it was all "mushy" he wished that there were different textures. Now, I did try his....BUT because the bloody marry, hash, and DW bowl were all so SPICY it all tasted the same. =[ Next time I plan on trying the french toast because the lady next to me got it and I couldn't stop staring at it. OH yeah and also I want to try the bread basket it looks legit!! I MUST give this place another chance it's so cute inside and I loved that the owner was walking around to all the tables refilling mimosa's (which I would get instead of bloody marry).
5	Is this a 5 star restaurant? NO. But for what it is - a casual elegant neighborhood restaurant - I definitely give it 5 stars. The menu is creative and original and every item I've tried has been excellent. The staff is friendly, professional, eager and helpful. My water and soda glasses never got below half full (it's a desert here so that's a biggie). A very good dining experience and quite reasonable prices.
5	On our trip to Vegas, I found amazing reviews for this spot. We didn't want to do the usual buffets and this was perfect. We showed up about an hour and a half before they were closing on Sunday, quoted us 40 minute wait, but we were seated in 10 minutes. I ordered the spiked lemonade and fried jerk chicken with waffles. My boyfriend has the Jamaican mohito and the pulled pork bowl. We shared the highly  recommended carrot cake. Everything was extremely satisfactory and we mat go back before our short trip is over.
5	If you live on the other side of town, DW is well worth the 25-30 minute drive you will take to get there. The food and service is great!I haven't been disappointed by a dish yet. Looking forward to trying another dish on my next visit.
5	It was my first time :) yes!!! Carrot cake was really awesome!!!  We got complementary red velvet cake as well - good not as good as carrot cake :)  We ordered house salad, mac & cheese, short rib and seasonal veggies - everything was great. Not only presentation but also food itself. I am not a kind of person who chat with servers much  but our server was very friendly and continuously checking our tables. Awesome  meal and very friendly people! What else do I need more :)
3	This is far from where I live but I come to this part of town every once in a while since there are some good eats here. I must say I was pretty disappointed with this place. Not worth the drive for me.There was a 35-40 minute wait at 1pm and they don't take reservations. What? This place must be good...no! We got seated at the patio and it was a beautiful day to be outside.Since I was warned about the jerk chicken and waffles by other Yelpers, I thought about getting the tomato and goat cheese omelet but that seemed boring and I could get that somewhere else. So, I told our server I wanted to try the New Mexico-style slow cooked pork omelet but he stopped me from getting it when I told him I don't like spicy food. I ended up getting the DW Nicoise and somebody else got the New Mexico pork omelet. Both dishes came with a side of fruit.DW Nicoise:Pan-seared fresh tuna, greens, mangoes, Haricot vert, olives, fingerling potatoes, hard-boiled egg with mango and Dijon champagne vinaigrette. The tuna was great and so was the dressing. But I've had this salad elsewhere and it was better. This was just ok. 3/5New Mexico-Style Slow Cooked Pork Omelet: Pork in NM chile and jack cheese with rice and egg on top. A bit spicy but tolerable. The pork was tender. I'm glad I didn't get this. Not my favorite taste. I appreciate our server's warning. 2/5I don't think I'll come back. The menu either has items that are too safe and items that are exciting but not good. The service was good.
4	Yummy drinks for brunch and delicious pastry basket. The eggs Benedict has a nice twist and the potatoes are very tasty. I can't wait to go again for a special occasion.
3	Great place. Outstanding service. Our server knew everything about everything on the menu and made sure to make our girls night out awesome. I had the oxtail and it was fairly delicious, but I expected much more flavor. My mind wasn't blown as I expected to be by previous reviews. The specialty cocktail was yummy, but again, I wasn't wowed. The carrot cake was good and worth the indulgence! 3 stars for me. Maybe my expectations were too high? Dunno. I've had more amazing food elsewhere in Vegas. I do however recommend this place as their menu is original, inventive, and different. Thumbs up!
5	What can I say that hasn't been said before? This place just get's it! The food is obviously great, but it's the experience that I thrive on. I love the way that Dalton (DW) controls the dining room and sets the tempo. He walks through the restaurant like he's entertaining a dinner party at his home. The ability of table touching and making every guest feel like they are a part of a party is an art unto itself. The servers all know their s--t. As a fellow business owner, that is so indicative of a well oiled machine. And I see the same staff over and over which usually signifies great management. DW Bistro is doing Las Vegas proud by demonstrating how far the restaurant scene has come in suburban LV. Kudos!
5	Just ate here with my girlfriend for a fun date, and wow such a cool little place. Awesome atmosphere, friendly employees, and great food. First came out  different types of bread with chile-lime butter, so good and unique. She got the chicken flautas, which I had never had before, and it was good. I got the grilled chicken, garlic....served on Bowie pasta, which we both thought was amazing. Last we got the carrot cake. It was amazing and super rich. We left completely satisfied, the food was roughly 15$ a plate, the total for 2 people. (1 entree, 2 appetizers, desert, and two sodas) was $51. Great place definitely going again.
5	This review is only for their Sunday brunch. I'll have to add a review for lunch and dinner after a few more trips. Ok, let me start by saying UNLIMITED MIMOSAS! You can't go wrong with that. You can opt for just champagne, but I don't like looking like an alcoholic at 10 am on a Sunday. But who I am kidding when I drink 8 or 9 regular mimosas? The food during brunch is excellent!! Always ask your server for their specials, which is what I end up ordering. One of the specials I ordered was the special eggs benedict, which consisited of a potato cake instead of a muffin and topped with their green chilis. SO FREAKING GOOD! My only complaint is that it just didn't seem like enough food for $16. Maybe give me a bigger side of potatoes or add another benny. Who knows, maybe I'm just being a fatty, but the others at my table who ordered the benny seemed to have the same consensus. Their BLT is also amazing. Thick cut peppery bacon served on Texas toast and served with sweet potato fries. Next time I think I'm going to have to try the vegetable curry. I had a small bite of it and it was excellent. Service here is spot on. Our server MARCO (I'm sorry for calling you Cesar, I blame the mimosas and Vanessa) is outstanding. Always refilling our drinks, making sure we have everything we need, and lastly having the patience to handle our rowdy group. Hats off to you sir!Tip: come early! The wait for Sunday brunch can be horrendous. I've always been lucky and have never waited more than 20 minutes.
4	I plan on revisiting DW bistro often, now, as it is close to my house, the ambience is super trendy, and so is the food. Also the food servers are top-notch, they are very enthusiastic and cater to the patrons.The only downside is the somewhat limited menu. Also, when we arrived, the hostess told us it would be 30 minutes to be seated. There were three or four empty tables that we could see from the hostess stand- and it was after 1 o'clock on a Wednesday afternoon, which I thought was weird. But we waited. Then we were sat after five minutes   ???
4	I don't think it would have ever tried its place on my own, because I don think I would have ever found it. I was asked to go for brunch from a friend and fellow yelper, who was going a on vacation for a month (a going away brunch). I did not know what to really expect after looking at the menu online. First let me say that there were 12 of us. We didn't not have a reservation, it's first come first serve. We got seated right away with no wait time. For bunch they offer specials and bottomless bloody Mary's or mimosas. I had to work or I would have been down for the mimosas. I ordered one of the specials, a twist on eggs Benedict. Instead of muffins they had spicy potato patties. To drink I ordered a cappuccino, and let me say it was almost as good as the ones I had in Europe. My food came out hot and looking great. There was so much on the plate. My first bite was so good, I did not want to put my fork down, but I did ( at least a few times to say how good my food really was). Looking around the table the eggs Benedict must ave been really yummy sounding because 6 of the 12 people ordered it. Our waited did a fantastic job in getting overtones order correct and keeping our water and mimosa glasses full. He was very attentive to our group and also his 4 other tables.The price was a bit more then I thought it was going to be but it was well spent after trying the food and the great service.  I WILL BE BACK!!! And I will try more yummy foods.
3	One of my oldest bookmarks...finally checked!It was a very busy Saturday afternoon...and there was a considerable wait.  Parking was a little difficult as well...busy shopping area.I was quite a bit bummed out that they don't serve the LUNCH menu on the weekends...only the BRUNCH menu at any time of the day.  Really wanted to give the burger a spin :(So instead, I went with the New Mexican-style Slow-Cooked Pork ($12): Simmered in New Mexican Red Chile, Over-Easy Eggs and Rice. They warn it's spicy, but I didn't find it very spicy at all. It was super tender though, and had lots of flavor! I enjoyed it :)Also tried the DW Nicoise ($16): Pan-seared Tuna, Olives, Haricot Verts, Fingerling Potatoes, Heirloom Tomatoes, Sliced Egg, Fresh Mango & Dijon Champagne Vinaigrette. Good overall, but it wasn't outstanding.  I don't think I would recommend it.Prices were ok and portions were good.  I guess I just wasn't overly impressed enough for the bump in review.  Might have been too hyped up for me personally.Pics:
5	I don't really give 5 stars but this place is on point. Seated immediately, welcomed with a level of professionalism I rarely see.  Server introduced himself immediately, told us the specials and was on point for every occasion. Water filled, suggestions on point, food was delicious. Every aspect of the experience was above my expectations. Appetizer was great, charizo with shrimp. Main entree, bow tie pasta with filet mignon. Dessert carrot cake. Everything was made in house and you can tell it was made by a professional chef. Food had balance and presentation was high end. DW Bistro has a new regular.
4	Good food.  Lots of choices.Very loud due to the construction of the dining room.  It is difficult to have a conversation across the table.Service was slow, but adequate.  I will come back for the food, but the ambiance is lacking.
5	Tried this restaurant based on the recommendation of a co worker fusion Carribean and New Mexican Cuisine, the flavor and the presentation were really good. A good hip place to dine, and something new due to the fusion cuisine definitely a must try. Service was good as well.
3	Items selected:Sticky Bun and White Chocolate Blueberry Scone with House Jam and ButterChallah French toast with fresh strawberriesJerk fried chicken & waffles served with DW signature maple syrup; breast of chicken atop lightand crispy waffles sprinkled with orange zestCarrot CakeCoffeeOwned and operated by Bryce Krausman and Dalton Wilson, DW Bistro had been on my list of places to dine in Las Vegas for two years but with my visits largely limited to the strip or around Christmas when they graciously give their employees much needed time off it was not until my fateful interview trip that I finally made it to the Spring Valley restaurant, arriving just after the restaurant opened after an early morning flight from Phoenix.  Large and airy with light spilling into the room to match the bright attitudes of the service team I was seated almost immediately on arriving at a table in back per my request and after perusing the menu decided to do what I often do with a menu so tempting; over order.  Coffee in hand and copious refills to follow my meal started off with a pair of pastries including a tender sticky bun and an unfortunately slightly dry scone that livened up slightly with a touch of butter and jam and moving right along my main plates would arrive shortly thereafter, each proving larger than anticipated.  From the smoky chicken atop a crisp yet pliable waffle and onward to the dense egg-bread topped with fresh berries and bathed in fruit-tinged syrup it would be hard to decide which dish I preferred as both were good but neither were 'best of genre' but unable to resist the signature carrot cake (not gifted to me as many have claimed on their first visit) I must say that this dish truly is special - one of those rare situations where reinterpreting a classic shines a whole new light on the dish and puts something pedestrian on a pedestal, the dense spice cake rife with pineapple and coconut served in three layers separated by light cream and flecked with white chocolate.
5	This is my favorite neighborhood spot in town. They do everything right, service is impeccable, menu is not too extensive and every dish is excellent.Started with the Spanish chorizo with shrimp and followed with the Jamaican curry chicken and both dishes were amazing!I highly recommend this place for lunch, great atmosphere, friendly staff with great service.
5	Great find in my first week back to vegas! Thanks yelp. The decor was very miami with the tangerine, white and lime green colors... Felt very fresh. The food was amazing. I had tge turkey sandwich: which was a staff reccomend. I tryely cant wait to try many of the other items, nice variety on the menu... It was packed for a Friday afternoon around noon. I can see why. My fave in vegas do far. I will be back. Service was quite amazing as well. Got to try a carrot cake for being first time patron. Cheers to that!AWESOME place.
5	Everything I put in my mouth is HEAVEN!, randomly choose this place after i checked out Yelp, was totally blown away. The ambiance is so adorable and modern yet chic.  I had the couscous salad with ahi ( mmmmmmmm) GET THIS, my boyfriend had the jerk chicken and corn bread... I AM IN LOVE WITH THEIR CORN BREAD!!! then we also got the truffle mac and cheese..... I was in absolute heaven every time I dipped my fork into a new dish, each bite seemed to get better than the last! They even bring you a surprise desert if your a first timer!! This place is a must  must must go to!
5	Everything I had was absolutely spectacular. From my eggs benedict special with hatch chiles and potato cakes to the veggie curry to the chicken and waffles with oranges, I was such a fan.I will say that my special was kind of ridiculously priced for the amount of food I got. It was delicious but I did not think two teeny little eggie benedicts needed to be $16.The service was great, especially considering the LOUDMOUTHS at our table :) :) I would definitely recommend the brunch, but you do have to get there early because there is a straight up Disneyland line to get in to the brunch. Mimosas are ordinarily the tits, but since I was going to yoga and then work, I abstained. Definitely get the all-you-can-drink as it's a way better deal.
5	We went back for my second time about a month ago. It was, once again, awesome! My girlfriend and I saw a couple people with the Bloody Mary's, so of course, we had to try them. They were GREAT, very yummy! I typically have to request mine to be spicier than typically made, but theirs was perfectly spiced for me (probably spicier than preferred for many). It had a "salad" as a garnish (haha!) because it had a pickle, a an olive, a tomato, and a slice of bacon in it.I chose the same thing I had the last time (eggs Benedict with jalapeno bacon). Once again, EXCELLENT! Service is always friendly and fast. DW is one of our favorites for our irregularly scheduled brunch outings. We still continue to try new places (for us, anyway) around town.
5	Looking for pretty boys and fashionably hip people? Bring a hearty appetite as you'll get your fill of eye candy, social lubricant, and of course, delicious grub.I wouldn't come here for a hangover Sunday brunch though, as the room with the DJ would be a nightmare to your already throbbing brain. The staff does make sure that your glass is always filled though if you went the bottomless mimosa route.A++ would come again. The staff is fabulous. The food is orgasmic. The drinks keep flowing. The boys keep flirting.
5	I'm live in Los Angeles but I spend a lot of time in Las Vegas and I will say that the food here in Vegas is super over rated including most I the restaurants on the strip. And it seams like the locals here have no idea what good food is. Now that I've completely made myself sound like a total jerk I will say that this little bistro here is awesome. It's so far away from the strip so it's locals only pretty much. I think I'm babbling here, must have the awesome drinks I just had. Just come here and you will be happy.
4	This year, I've had the opportunity of eating brunch, lunch, and dinner here thus warranting an updated review. Overall, I love the location. It's less than ten minutes from my house and it's within walking distance from my parents' house. Extremely convenient. Also, parking is simple and it's easy to find. Can't ask for more. The food is different, delicious, and fun. Mostly simple and fresh. The atmosphere is hip, upscale, but still casual. Great for a quick lunch or a fun date night. Service is inconsistent. I've had really wonderful service and I've had just okay service. Everyone is really friendly and great. However, I felt they were too overwhelmed while busy during brunch and everyone needs to learn to be more aware and not ignore tables (no one would stop at our table or take our order until I stopped a hostess and we didn't get our seasonal fruit, even though everyone else around us did). And they kept hitting our chairs - I'm never sitting in the middle of the restaurant again.My go-to brunch options:NEW MEXICAN-STYLE SLOW COOKED PORK OMELET ($13): Great flavor in the pork with the New Mexican Red Chile and that's what really makes this dish, plus, the eggs are so fluffy! Finished with jack cheese. The breakfast potatoes are all right. Sometimes they're good, sometimes they're flavorless. Not cool. I'd eat that pork any time and on anything though. JERK FRIED CHICKEN & WAFFLES ($15): The chicken is moist and the batter is great, but the jerk spices are VERY spicy! Thankfully, you have DW's signature maple syrup to cool you off. The waffles have a good batter and the crisp is good, but it's also a bit dry. Hard to eat a lot of it. DW NICOISE ($16): Wonderful assortment of fresh, delicious vegetables (haricot vert, fingerling potatoes, cherry heirloom tomatoes), fresh mango, hard boiled egg, and pan-seared fresh tuna. Brought together with a bed of greens and dijon champagne vinaigrette. Really great. FRESH BLUEBERRY & WHITE CHOCOLATE SCONES ($8): Really moist and flavorful. Delicious!Lunch selections:My favorite lunch selection is the DW BLT ($12) with jalapeno bacon, yellow heirloom tomato, lettuce, and chipotle mayo; served with sweet potato fries. Really delicious! If you want a light lunch option, the DW SIGNATURE SALAD ($9) with baby field greens, caramelized pecans, orange segments, seasonal bell peppers, goat cheese, and balsamic vinaigrette, is nice and a great price.Dinner favorites:DW FRIED CHICKEN ($19) has the same jerk seasoned flour, but unlike brunch, it's served with housemade cornbread and jerk cream gravy. The cornbread is moist and gravy is delicious. Pretty spicy as well, so beware. VEGETABLE CURRY ($14) that has seasonal vegetables and served with rice or couscous. Really good. JAMAICAN CHICKEN CURRY SOUP ($7) is made with New Mexican green chile and jalapeno bacon. It's thick and filling. PAN SEARED SALMON ($22) is served with guava beurre blanc and DW house rice. Salmon is well-prepared, flavorful, love the sweet beurre blanc and it completes the dish. The only dish I've ever disliked was the JERK FRIED CALAMARI ($10 for half order). Jerk seasoned flour with a sweet chile glaze and sweet hot peppers. The calamari was not fresh, the size of dimes, and really tough. But with only one bad dish, I call dining here successful.Also, make sure that you ask about their desserts because the menu is forever changing and always seasonal. Always delicious too. Most recently, I had their PUMPKIN GOAT CHEESE CAKE. So, so good. Great cinnamon, pumpkin flavors with punches of goat cheese. It had a graham cracker crust and dulce de leche topping. Deeeelicious. Grab a slice while you can!Brunch is really popular because of their bottomless mimosa option ($20). They're extremely generous with the champagne and your glasses are constantly being filled. Once, we went when they opened at 10 am and it was already packed! So, weekend brunch is great, but tread carefully because it is VERY busy. Also, it is the one time they don't take reservations. I would recommend sitting at the bar. I had a wonderful experience when I did that.
4	Hmmm. I've been back a few times since my initial review and I debate with myself if I really like this place. The food is hit or miss. The dishes they hit out of the ballpark with are amazing and the flops really flop. I've been here for breakfast/brunch as well as for dinner and on our most recent visit, I was less than impressed with their New Mexican-style slow-cooked pork bowl. The flavors just weren't dynamic enough. It was spicy, but bland which seems weird. The jerk fried calamari was the star of our meal. Just the right sweet to spicy ratio. I have enjoyed a number of their breafast dishes on previous visits, but nothing has stood out as something I need to come back for regularly. Service has been hit and miss on my visits to DW as well. Service is always friendly, but can drag at times.When someone asks for a nice brunch spot, I almost always suggest DW Bistro, so I know I will be back, but I can't say they are the 5-star experience that I had on my first visit.
5	Perfect food perfect theme perfect presentation perfect classy dining high class 5 star feeling love this place just left the restaurant
4	I've only been here for brunch but it by far one of my favorite places! I love breakfast/brunch food. The staff is always friendly and helpful but be prepared to wait for a table. They have unlimited mimosas, a patio and good music. It's decorated to be sleek, current and overall contemporary. I haven't had anything on their menu that I have not liked so far!
5	Great place to hang out, great food, and great service! The only thing that I hope they'll change is going back to chill music for brunch on the weekends...last time I was there, it was club music and that's the last thing you wanna hear when you are trying to unwind from your week!But great place altogether!
5	I was very impressed by everything I had from the salad to the entree. I passing by and running errands in the SW and stumbled upon this tasty restaurant thanks to other Yelpers. I'm very glad I stopped in. I dined alone the day I went so unfortunately I did not get to try more food items which I saw being served. Everything looked and smelled wonderful. I had the chorizo shrimp, a salad and the truffle mac and cheese. It was absolutely wonderful. I also had the pumpkin cheesecake and that was awesome as well. The portions were plenty so I got to take some food and desert home. I was looking forward to eating it the next day. It was just as good the next day the only downside is I had to share with it with my hubby. Can't wait to go back and bring my friends and family.
5	I had the best bacon and the best pulled pork ever all in one place. That deserves 5 stars. I tried everyone's food: The chilaquiles(mild), BLT, jerk chicken & waffles (spicy), slow cooked pulled pork(mild), and washed it all down w/ jalapeno bacon bloody marys(spicy)Keep in mind i love me some spice, so if i warn you that something is spicy, you better belive it. We were all picking at our dishes long after we were stuffed saying, "i'm full, but this is so good i can't stop eating." No one finished all their food. The only thing i could say was negative for me was the music. there was a dj spinning at noon. A tad early for club music. Heard the "what is love?" Remix from Night At The Roxbury. Not my taste, but the food was so delicious they could play Polka music and i would still come back.
5	My impression was what's an amazing restaurant like this doing in a small SW strip mall? This place should be in the Bellagio I'm serious! Absolutely amazing all around.Definitely take the time to come eat here,You will fall in love with the place..DW BISTRO
5	First-This place is fabulous and fierce and so is the owner...Second- I'm a fan for life because I love a hands on owner...he was all over the place and came to  check on how things were...Third- try the small pulled pork with potatoes and eggs over medium...in the spicy side but not overwhelming... My lady hates jerk chicken but she was very impressed with the jerk chicken and waffles...my friends had more Hispanic style dishes chilaquiles and a type of eggs Benny ...all banginThis place belongs on the strip with a waiting line that is very long... Very proud that a venue like this is so close to where I stay and situated in my beloved city of Las Vegas.Thanks DW
4	i love brunch. this is such a cute little place for brunch. it reminds me of any cute cafe in LA. its crowded and packed. their signature mojito is strong! its still yummy with fresh strawberries in it. Their curry is delicious definitely a must try. The chicken and waffles is their one of their signature dishes. The chicken has a great jerk flavor, but the waffles left me wanting more. i didnt think it was sweet enough, just meh.
5	The green chili burger is the best in all of Las Vegas.  Yes, you read that right.  The best burger in the whole city.  The side salad that comes with the burger instead of fries is wonderful.  The turkey burger is also very good but be warned that it's a little spicy.  The seared tuna salad is a great choice  The patio outside makes this a nice place to kick back and enjoy a meal with friends.  I haven't been for brunch yet and I plan to try a bacon bloody mary very soon.  I have ordered take out quite a few times and it's always neatly packaged and just as ordered.  Great iced tea.  Adding another soup to the menu would make me happy.
5	My man and I agree that this place is legit. The interior is swanky and modern. Lots of white and orange, with cool panels of micro suede fabric walls that are a bit plush. The customer service is superb. The waiters take the time to have small conversations here and there. They check on you enough to not be annoying and interruptive. I ordered the Jerk Fried Chicken with waffles. It was a generous portion. My man ordered the Mexican stew with eggs on top. We both had no complaints and pretty much devoured our plates. The only thing I wish was improved was the waffles. I like when the exterior is a bit crunchy. We liked that they brought out little complimentary fruit cups before our meal. The prices are very reasonable. We paid below 30 bucks! We will definitely come back to test out their other menu options. Caribbean/American fusion. We appreciate unique menus.
5	I've been meaning to write an update forever.  Despite my mediocre first visit years ago, I did go back to try lunch, and now this is one of my favorite places for lunch - I actually crave it!   I've tried a good portion of the menu, and have never had anything that I disliked.  Brunch is also excellent!  It can get pretty crowded, so you may have a wait at prime lunch or brunch time, but it is worth the wait.  They have definitely improved over the years.
5	The interior in this place is really nice. I just moved to the area and a friend told me the food was amazing and he was right. We started with the chicken flautas and I had the fried chicken. It was so flavorful. Also the customer service is awesome. Thanks
5	Lunch, brunch or dinner, you can't go wrong with this place! First off, the owners are super nice and put a lot of time and energy into the restaurant. That says a lot! Where do I begin? I love the Caribbean fusion that's brought into every dish that makes it unique from anything you've ever had. Not just a BLT, but a BLT with jalapeno bacon... YES! This is a great place for lunch, with a number of sandwiches and rice bowls to choose from. I feel like I've had just about everything on the menu, just pick something, it will be delicious. Dessert, make sure you order it. The cakes are all amazing and at a big portion size - perfect for sharing. And I can't forget my favorite tea: Pomegranate white teaBrunch, you might just be spending your entire weekend afternoon here. Bottomless mimosa's along with chicken and waffles, melts my heart. Brunch is a must-have here.
5	First time I went to DW I was blown away!!!  Customer service is outstanding everyone is so happy and helpful.  Food...   The best breakfast I have ever had here in Las Vegas, the Chilaquiles are my personal favorites and the bottomless mimosas .   Definitely coming back and will bring as many of the 300 co-workers that relocated from San Francisco.   See you next Sunday!
3	My co-worker recommended this restaurant as she brings all 'out of towners' to DW Bistro.  I tried the brunch today and found the food YUMMY! We were greeted at the door very cheerfully by Bryce (co-owner) The menu was so awesome I was torn about what to choose..which means I will have to return.  One disappointment was the co-owner Dalton, although very visible, catered to one table only.  The service was good, prices were nice,  upbeat atmosphere and I even received a hug when departing.
5	Best brunch in town. They treat you like family. They borrowed me a sweater when I was cold! Veg Curry is my favorite--I'm a fan of DW bistro for life!
5	This place is beyond amazing. I come here often with my boyfriend and the food is out of this world, the customer service is on point, and everyone needs to stop by when they have their endless mimosas! Any time we have gone the owner is always there in the mix helping out and talking to guests. He clearly cares for his business. Whoever does the hiring for the location should also get great praise. All of the employees are very polite and professional. You'll never have an issue with someone not checking up on you as they truly cater to their customers. If your a local or just visiting you need to check this place out. You won't be disappointed!
2	service was really slow.....took me about 45 minutes to get my meal...unacceptable. Was getting up to just leave...food showed up as i was walking out. By this time im so annoyed that i cant help but be critical of the food..but regardless the food was not up to par. I ordered eggs benedict.What is the deal with the hollandaise sauce? you guys have a shortage or what? I felt like i was being put on half rations at a POW camp...eggs were hard not done properly,over cooked ,potatoes were cold. Ordered coffee,took 10 minutes to get to me,did you have to go to juan valdez house to get it? your 10 feet away from the coffee,shouldn't take that long.coffee comes no cream or sugar..another 5-7 minute wait,coffee getting cold by the minute,again unacceptable.This place is very she she,which i don't mind.But instead of spinning records and being pleasant overall..I would take a serious look at your ticket times,your service in general and the freshness of the food being served,on a side note the jalapeno bacon was tasty.Anyways  ...until these issues are addressed this place is not worthy of anything approaching 5 stars..no way.
4	We enjoyed our 1st experience!  You will too! If you love desserts, I dare you to try the red velvet cake!! :oP
5	We've been coming here since it opened, I simply love the Jerk Chicken. I"m glad we tried it long before the "hype" because I can easily say it's one of our favorite, unique go to places.I try & stick with locally owned places in LV, and I'm thrilled to say DW stands up to their reputation.
5	My friend and I got off to a semi-late start on a random Thursday this week, so we decided to search Yelp for "brunch" in Vegas and see what we came up with. We were looking for something off the strip, since we also wanted to try and grab some geocaches, so DW looked good. Though we discovered they were not serving their very nice-looking brunch menu (brunch is weekends only), the lunch menu was available.Both of us decided on the couscous salad, which comes with really delicious jerk-seared ahi tuna sort of draped on each side of a little mound of couscous, peppers, and goat cheese. It seemed to be a popular item, as we saw lots of orders of it come out of the kitchen--and rightly so, as it was delicious, not to mention beautiful.The waiter was really great and quite friendly, and when he discovered it was our first time there, he brought us a really tasty slice of their delicious house carrot cake with cream cheese frosting on the house.I would definitely come back here again, assuming that I have transportation--it's quite a trek from the strip, if that's where you're staying, but well worth it.
5	Very clean, modern restaurant with a laid-back vibe. Reggae music was softly playing in the background and I loved it. Our server Luis was extremely knowledgeable and really seemed like he loved his job. He was animated and passionate about the food when describing the specials; he made everything sound so good, and it wasn't. It was GREAT. All our dishes quickly came out hot, well-presented, and well-seasoned. Super delicious. The cocktails were stiff and fruity. We ended our meal with the carrot cake and it was make-your-toes-curl good. This place is awesome. Tell all your friends.
5	I went here on a date and I got the Jamaican Jerk Salad which was amazing! I'm not a huge fan of spicy food, but the muted flavor of the goat cheese and dressing and the sweetness of the mandarin oranges on the salad balanced with the spices on the chicken seamlessly.  My date got the Mexican Style Slow-Cooked Pork (pictured) loved it.. The portion sizes were bigger than I expected (which is awesome) Our server Louis was the man and he explained the menu and specials perfectly and gave us a brief history on the restaurant which was really cool to hear! Great table service, never an empty water glass. My date wanted Sierra Nevada which they didn't have, but Louis suggested a different beer they had which he really enjoyed! Yay Louis! We also ordered the carrot cake which was to die for! Louis told us they have an in-house pastry chef! We will definitely be back! Seriously a great time, perfect date night! We'll be back for bottomless memosas!
5	DW Bistro is amazing! The food is delicious & the staff is super friendly & polite. The different cocktails they serve are always quite savory. I have been here numerous times & I don't get tired of the vegetable curry with couscous. The tingy v is also my favorite cocktail. The menu here is quite different than other places & that is a good thing because they have a wide selection of food & vegetarian options. This place deserves beyond 5 stars!!!
5	Went for my birthday and was impressed. Great staff, drinks & food. Can't go wrong. The braised short ribs are wonderful as is the sangria and nightly special mahi mahi. Sumed up the night with the lemon lime pudding. What a great night.
5	The food was great and I can't wait to go there again. Had dinner and the presentation was beautiful with edible flowers.  The food was locally grown and very fresh.
5	FINALLY!  I had the opportunity to check out DW Bistro :)  I've heard so many amazing things about this place and wanted to check it out.  The location is pretty far from my house, so this was special.  On my MLK weekend, thought this would be the perfect opportunity for a great brunch joint.  Walking up to the restaurant, I noticed that it was centered in a really nice strip mall.  Far location, however, seemed super worth it!  The restaurant is super modern.  Clean colors makes for a very trendy location :)  I feel so dirty walking into a white place LOL.  One of the major focal points of the restaurant is the bar.  Super nice.  The bathrooms were clean and made me feel like I was at a spa retreat.  Our server was super nice.  He was helpful.  I wish he told us his name so I could give a shout out, but oh well.  We started out with bottomless mimosas for $20.  Trust me, that's the best deal ever.  And bottomless...they NEVER let it go dry.  Always coming around and refilling the glasses.  It was super worth it.  For brunch, I got one of the staff picks, the Jerk Frid Chicken and waffles for $15.  Huge pieces of chicken breasts, fried in a jerk spice seasoning, on top of waffles and served with DW Bistro signature maple syrup.  The chicken was spicy and savory, garnished with a little orange peel shavings.  It was packed with flavor and so delicious.  The waffles were big, yet super fluffy.  The syrup was refreshing and unlike any other syrup I've had.  It went well with both the waffles and chicken.  Such and amazing and well thought out meal.  Definitely a take home item, unless you come with a super big appetite.  I HIGHLY RECOMMEND this dish!!Looking for a great brunch joint?  Try DW!  It has quickly became one of my top picks in the city.  It's worth the drive.  It's modern, it's trendy, it's awesome!  Thanks for a great morning, DW!!
4	A great neighborhood find! Three of us went in Saturday night for dinner - pleasantly surprised that there was no wait, especially since they don't take reservations. Great selection of specialty cocktails and beers. We started with the jerk calamari - absolutely delicious, just the right blend of spicy and sweet. I had the DW Fried Chicken - yummy! I will warn you that the "dusting of jerk seasoning" is pretty heavy handed so be prepared for some spice. My dinner companions had a steak dish and the jerk shrimp pasta. Both were good and much less spicy but still plenty flavorful. The service was good. And I loved the decor - so fun and totally makes you forget you are in a strip mall. We will definitely be back!
2	Pros: "All Day" Mimosa deal, perfect for us functioning alcoholics. I went on a Sunday so I'm not sure if this deal exists every day of the week.Awesome servers; friendly and on top of their game.Cons: 45 minute wait for a table. It was like waiting to get into a nightclub. The general vibe of this place is trendy and pretentious. I felt like I showed up to an American Apparel party uninvited.If you do not want to get the "All Day' mimosa deal (around $20something bucks), one mimosa is $13.00 and it's tiny. I totally expect those prices on the strip, but a local's place? Come on. (The bartender did not tell me about the "All Day" deal until I was charged for one mimosa. They should be in the habit of letting people know about the deal once a mimosa is ordered, if you ask me. But nobody has)The food is alright (not amazing), but again, the prices are totally outrageous. Definitely not worth it. Next time, imma point my Ugg knock offs in a different direction.
5	Went here for lunch today after hearing good things through word of mouth, I had the smoked Turkey panini and my boyfriend had the sandwich of the day which had chicken breast and an array of delicious ingredients. We were SO pleased. I will definitely be back, I can't wait to try what else the menu has to offer!!!
5	Eat here, eat here, eat here and eat here. This place is the jewel of the city. Unique jerk seasonings, complex flavors, good wine and a terrific wait staff and guess what else - the food is a bargain! Really don't miss it!
5	Went here for the first time and it exceeded expectations! The food, drinks and service was AMAZING. Luis was our server and was very knowledgable on the menu and ensured we had a great time. When our food arrived you could tell it was freshly made and original to this restaurant. There were several people in the restaurant but it did not appear in the service.. Our drinks were never low and all of our needs were taken care of. Absolutely deserves 5 stars!
5	I've lived in Vegas for 3 years now. I moved from Los Angeles, where BRUNCH is on everybodies Sunday Funday list. I haven't found that until now. DW Bistro is the PLACE TO BE. In a city full of Tackiness and B*llsh*t! I have found a place where I'm proud to take my friends and family to!!! The service is nothing but exceptional. Everyone is happy to here. The employees are friendly and Beautiful. The Jerk Chicken will blow your mind and the mimosas are champagne with a Drop of OJ (as it should be.) We did not want to leave and our waiter kindly asked us to step outside and continue to enjoy our bottomless mimosas. We were more than happy to remove ourselves from the table and continue to enjoy the atmosphere, so someone else could have the pleasure of our experience. There's ons nothing comparable to this place and I will tell everyone about our experience. THANK YOU For keeping Customer Service alive and continue to keep your employes happy. It shows. You are doing everything right.DW and Ernesto are sweet as pie. Let's play more R&B and Hiphop after all Sunday is the Lords Day. :)
5	Incredible...brunch seating delay is always faster than they quote you in order to exceed your expectations.  If you're celiac, there really are options... the kitchen is smart, the staff is educated, the owners are fabulous.  If you're a local and this isn't a regular brunch spot for you, clue in. It's one of the smartest non-strip restaurants in town and everyone can learn something from their operation.
1	We wanted to like this place but it failed our expectations. After driving 25 mins to get there, my boyfriend & I were seated at a very wobbly table, we moved to another table, which was also very wobbly. I order the slow cooked pork bowl ($12). It was a lot of food & the flavor was good, but after eating the top layer, we noticed the only reason it looked like so much was because more than half the bowl was just rice.  He ordered the New Mexican chili chicken enchiladas ($12). When they brought both our plates out I couldn't believe they were the same price! My huge bowl compared to his 2 sad little enchiladas was disappointing. The enchiladas came w/ just a very small bowl of plain boring white rice. After his first bite, it just kept going down hill, BOTH ends of BOTH enchiladas were burnt. We told our server but he didn't seem to care to much. I found it funny that even after our complaints, he asked if we would be wanting dessert. Uh No! First & LAST time at DW Bistro.
4	Went in there the first time when the owners were in.  Sweetest guys ever, one of them even hugged me because he felt bad I just moved from California. They made is a free surprise dessert. Food was delicious. The only reason I did not give five stars is because the second time I came in, the owners were not there.  There were a ton of people working but my girlfriend and I were pretty much ignored.  So the owners may need to stay there 24/7
5	Delicious. Simply delicious. I sat at the bar and the bartender Michael provided really good service. Had the Jamaican chicken and curry, the haricot vert/tomato side dish and the couscous/seared ahi salad. Everything was spectacular.  A little heavy handed on garlic and the bar was kinda a mess but overall, I love everything about this restaurant.
5	Short review: DW Bistro is amazing. If you enjoy food, you can't go wrong here. Don't miss out.Longer review: This is one of only two restaurants in Las Vegas that I can honestly say I love every item on the menu. From the Jerk chicken and waffles on the weekend to the DW Turkey Burger for lunch, everything is delicious. The specialty drinks are wonderful as well, many of (if not all of them) are hand crafted and taste great. Although be sure to pace yourself, even if you can't taste it, there's quite a bit of alcohol in some of the drinks.The ambiance is great, it's a very trendy restaurant and the people who frequent it are very hip as well. The service is always done with a smile and it seems like the employees truly love working here. Many times I've had full on conversations with the bartenders during my lunch.If there's anything negative to say, it's realizing I won't be able to cook anything nearly as good as some of the items I've had here. There's also a bit of a wait during the evenings, but it's pretty much worth it.DW Bistro is amazing. If you are on the west end of town, make sure to drop in. You won't regret it.
5	I've lived in Vegas for many years & I can't believe I didn't come to this place sooner! The food here is truly amazing as well as the service/atmosphere.. I highly recommend this local spot and I will definitely become a regular!
5	Came here for the first time on valentines day and definitely won't be my last. Our server was Travis and he did an amazing job handling everything. We will be back!
5	Best brunch place in town. Drinks, entrees, and pastry basket so good. I can't say enough about DW Bistro. If only I lived closer to this place, I would go there more often.
5	This is one of my favorite places here in SW Vegas. The Mac and Cheese is CRAZY good.And the chicken is addictive.Everything is so fresh. On the lighter side The seared AHI TUNA salad is an excellent choice.The service is top notch also, feeling like a 5star restaurant with 3star prices. Go to DW BISTRO. You will not be disappointed.
4	Excellent options, top of the line service, and they definitely aim to fill you up. Give the biscuit a try. It's pretty good. Also, love the all white and love the bar design. Very elegant and sheek.
5	Food is really good here but you should try and make a reservation because it is very popular!  The service is always good as well!
4	One of my favorite restaurants, but we had a very overcooked steak last night after asking for medium rare. The ahi salad was bomb though as was the service.Oh well, i'll give it a pass - they are usually super on their game at this place. Sad news - we were told no red chile for awhile because of a recall- damn!
5	Delicious!!! I love the entire staff! Service is FABULOUS And food is FANTASTIC!! Best Brunch in Vegas! Bottomless mimosas are kept flowing. We always order off the special of the day menu. It's never a disappointment, and always fresh.
5	This place is close to my work so I am guilty of frequenting it a few times a month. The salads are excellent and one of my favorite dishes is the veggie curry. The vegetables are crunchy and the all of the flavors in the curry make my mouth do a happy dance. The serving sizes are relatively big and the prices are fair.I did the Sunday brunch a few weeks ago, however the chicken and waffles wasn't to my liking. I like the concept but the waffles were a bit dense and the chicken was a bit over fried. I will go back to give it another try but will definitely be ordering differently.
5	Great place to bring clients. The music is the right volume to hear people at you table but allows the other table conversations drown out. The water never went more than half full, which is a big plus as I usually drink my weight in water when I am out to eat! Our table shared the goat cheese appetizer, delicious! Marco was amazing as was the other staff - it's a repeat for sure
3	Unquestionably different taste of food. Welcoming service and atmosphere. Long wait for table but technology they used was impressive. They text you when your table is ready so you don't need to wait close-by. Not a fan of their special syrup nor blueberry macadamia pancakes. Chilaquiles were different but yummy.
5	Love this place! Bloody marys are to die for! Blueberry scones, I die again! I love to frequent this place during lunch and always get their DW bowl of the day, it's always different and better than the time before. The service is beyond great.
5	Finally did Sunday brunch!  And was it worth the wait...literally!  We arrived around 11:30 am and waited out front for about an hour.  We didn't mind as the weather was gorgeous.  They notify you via text when your table is ready.  I had the Bloody Mary...spicy and served with jalapeno bacon and skewered veggies - delicious.  We had a brunch-atizer - the pastry plate.  OMG, the scones were delicious!!!!  The plate included chocolate croissants, muffins, and goat cheese pastry.  We sampled all.  My friend had the oatmeal served with fresh fruit and toasted coconut.  She said that the leftovers tasted just as delicious on Monday am!  I had the veggie omelette that was also awesome as a leftover!  Our server Nick was FABulous!  Funny and super attentive.  I can't wait for Sunday!
3	If I lived in the region, I would make a point of eating my way through the full DW menu. (Actually, I'd move or shoot myself, but let's just pretend.) We stopped by during their Sunday brunch madness, found ourselves staring down an hour wait, and opted for food to-go on our way to the desert.The staff at DW is impressively competent and friendly. They're essentially wrangling a herd of ravenous socialites with the attention spans and attention demands of toddlers, and they do so admirably.Not surprisingly, we ordered Jerk Chicken & Waffles as well as the Jerk Pork Hash. Both meats were nicely cooked and the portions were perfect. If you're still reading, you're no doubt wondering why this isn't a four-star review. Two reasons:1. Their jerk seasoning is much too timid. You get the allspice, some herbs, and citrus (there's even some additional orange rind on the waffles), but the habanero heat is a no show. It doesn't move far enough beyond regular chicken & waffles.2. I am not a weirdo who carries condiments in my man-purse, but I'm officially designating DW as a B.Y.O.Syrup establishment. It's a sad moment when you find yourself wishing you could un-pour the sticky sweetness you just splashed all over your waffles and chicken (for the record, you cannot). You know that irrevocable moment when you dump way too much brandy or Grand Marnier into your recipe and convert the whole dish into a boozy mess? We've all done it, and we'll probably do it again. With luck, DW only did it on the day we visited. The syrup was odd, overbearing, and unfortunate. You have been warned.
4	Perfect spot for Sunday Brunch for Las Vegas locals! The music makes you feel like you are at a party and the energy puts a smile on your face. For just $20, you can get all-you-can-drink mimosas which is totally worth is considering one drink is $12! The menu doesn't include many traditional breakfast items which forces you to try something new! The chicken & waffles are to die for. I also enjoy the Jamaican pork hash and the Jamaican style omelet. The menu & sauces available are all Jamaican which you won't find anywhere else in Las Vegas!
4	I could almost call this a nice gem, in the suburbs. I came here for lunch, on a Wednesday afternoon, with a friend. Prior to coming here, I had read some reviews saying how they sometimes get so packed, that even at 1pm, there is a fairly long wait. Upon arrival, i was actually getting a little scared considering i had to park on the south end of the parking lot and walk over. LUCKILY ! Nope, no wait time XD super lucky i was told by my friend. I called her my lucky charm :P haha Decor is very different. "Clean" and bright, yet simple. Bright colors with live vegetation (live flowers and containers filled with fruit) and decor. Different lighting and textures. It was quite nice on the eyes. Really different from what you'd usually see in a traditional restaurant. This restaurant is based on the traditional Jamaican/Caribbean flavors with New Mexican cuisine. I don't know much about New Mexican cuisine but what i remembered of Caribbean is their huge use of spice (flavors) and SPICE (HEAT!) A lot of reviews had talked about like the New Mexican Style slow-cooked pork, or chicken and waffles (not traditional chicken but JERK chicken!), or other things. We were seated in the side room (to the right upon entry). Super nice waitress and briefly described how their items are on the spicier side but can be changed, if preferred. HECK NO!  bring it on spice XD ! hahaMy friend and I ordered two things, and shared off each other's plates. She had ordered the New Mexican Style slow-cooked pork, whereas I had ordered the Jamaican curry chicken. I was actually amazed by the portion size. I am not a small eater, i couldn't even finish half. Ended up having to box up BOTH orders because BOTH were only half eaten. AND we shared ! LOL BOTH were served in a bowl (obviously since it was under the "DW House Bowls" section) but the best thing... BOTH WERE PIPING HOT ! YES ! New Mexican-style slow cooked pork (simmered in New Mexican red chile with two over-easy eggs served over rice) - $12VERY heavy and hearty dish. Comes with two? three? small tortillas on the side. This is how i described it to my friend. "It is a dish where is good on a nice cold night, sitting next to a fire, with a book". Heavy and hearty to keep you warm through the cold night. Good idea right? Perfectly cooked over-easy eggs on top, spilling its rich ooey gooey goodness over the slow-cooked simmered pork in red chile. Spice level, mild? There IS a bit of spice in it. Would prefer a bit more but it wasn't bad as it was. The meat was tender and pulled apart fairly easily. The included small tortillas allow you to make these small burrito wraps yourself. Another thing i told my friend... "if only we had some like corn salsa, sour cream, shredded cheese.. this would be a YUMMY burrito !" haha =X Jamaican curry chicken (sauteed seasonal vegetables; served over rice or couscous) - $12 In comparison to the slow cooked pork dish, this dish is light and bright. Light curry flavor, with little to no spice, but refreshing from the sauteed seasonal veggies that give it a bright flavor amongst the curry taste. It's a pretty good combination. Veggies were like cubed zucchini, green beans, two different types of mushrooms, etc  The chicken is a little overcooked, so a little tough (considering it was white meat as well). Still pretty good though. I later regretted asking for rice over couscous. I wonder how it would have been with couscous. Very curious now. Overall. Pretty good experience. $12 for a bowl i cant even finish? Pretty good ! Flavors are good. Would like to try other things next time. Little additional uhm... thing.. haha (lack of vocab coming to my head at the moment)... the boxes they give you to pack leftovers... THEY ARE STURDY AND MICROWAVABLE ! (super chinese but most likely reusable) XD
5	I can't get enough of this place!!! Love going there a few times a week. Lunch, dinner and the brunch on weekends AMAZING!!! I have had pretty much everything on the menu and each and everything is delicious!!! Whether you want to sit at the bar and have one of their incredible cocktails or sit on the patio and get some fresh air. A must go toSpot on the west side!
5	We arrived in Las Vegas in search of the best burger for myself. The bellman at The Orleans, Jeremiah referred me to DW Bistro.The term Bistro had me somewhat apprehensive because I had never though of Bistros for Burgers. This place is the place for the best burger in Las Vegas, I had the New Mexican-style green chile cheeseburger.To describe it as phenomenal would be an understatement, hot, juicy, wow!! Let the Chef, as I always insist, cook it as he intended it to be best, which turned out to be medium. I ate this work of art with the DW Salad and had this all complimented with the  DW Bloody Mary, Yum!! My wife had the Jamaican Curry Chicken on white rice and my Trini Girl loved it.She opted for the Pineapple Ginger Beer to go with it.We also had as a starter,The DW Spanish chorizo with shrimp which was a veritable festival for the pallet.We completed this holiday with the Carrot Cake and it too was great and not too sweet.All the staff conducted themselves in a very professional manner and we were fortunate to have Luis walk us through this Beautiful, Delicious Flavor Journey.It not far from the Strip and believe me when I tell you, IT IS WORTH IT!!!
5	This is one of the best places to eat a meal, meet amazing people, receive stellar  5 star service and drink a few too many mimosas on Sunday.  With its roots in New Mexican cuisine, DW Bistro has a little something we may have tried before but with a twist.  Their chilaquiles are some of the best I have ever had (I grew up in Austin, chilaquiles are everywhere).  I am hard pressed to name another place that creates them any better.  My second favorite dish is their calamari; you can't order this at brunch but don't worry, their dinner is just as delightful.  For my fellow wine drinkers, their wines are on point, always changing and reasonably priced. This is a great date spot or a fun place to have dinner/brunch/drinks with friends.  The atmosphere is fun, energetic and yet comfortable.  Do yourself a favor and try both dinner and brunch here.  I can promise you, you won't be disappointed.  For other recommendations on dishes, feel free to PM me.
5	Highly recommend this place! The pork was perfectly cooked!The service was also great.
5	My first time here was last Thursday and it was the best! I had the chicken curry, I could tell immediately it was prepared fresh. Most curries from Thai restaurants have a stale taste to them that cause indigestion, this one didn't have that taste and was absolutely delicious. I'll definitely return.
2	Eeeek!! Here's the deal. I've known about DW Bistro for a LONG time now and have been dying to come on a date night, but never got around to it. I constantly see the reviews in my Yelp feed because I live so close-by, so I was really excited to finally try it last Saturday. My husband and I went with my sister-in-law before the Xtreme thing, because we had to have a sophisticated dinner prior to blending in with Las Vegas's most obnoxious crowd at Desert Breeze Park. Our server may have been the tastiest part of the meal (that was piggish, I know, but he was seriously HOT) and so friendly. It seems like the tables he was serving were all regulars, several of them with women. I bet they all ask to be seated in his section for some eye candy. MOVING ON! We started off with the jerk calamari. When they brought it over to us, we were really surprised because it was a pile of black, wet, calamari. It was calamari drenched in their jerk sauce which ended up being way too salty, and soggy. The squid inside however, was high quality, not chewy, and tender. I just wish it wasn't in that sauce. Sadly, this was a recommended appetizer. For entrees, we went with more appetizers. We ordered the flautas, turkey sliders, and chicken curry soup. The flautas were tasty, but sadly not tastier than ones that I had at a hole in the wall Mexican take-out place in California. The turkey sliders that everyone RAVES about were so underwhelming! My SIL took a photo and put it on IG, and she had 15+ comments talking about how much they love this thing. I found pieces of the chutney to be bitter (orange peel possibly?) and the burger itself to be tasteless and dry. I just didn't understand the hype of this thing. It came with no veggies either which I found disturbing. It was just a brioche bun, turkey, and chutney. Lastly, the soup that everyone on Yelp talks about was a nice sized soup loaded with chicken and veggies. However, I found the seasoning to be on the strong side. I loved the consistency, which must have used a lot of coconut milk to make it so creamy. Perhaps it was an off-night, but the food was not up to my expectations. Things were over-seasoned and I wouldn't order any of these things again. I really really want to come back (to spy on the hot waiter) and try their brunch because that seems to be where the real magic happens! The inside is beautiful, the patio looks perfect for a Spring day, and the environment lively to make a small or large party feel comfortable.
5	Wow!I gotta say that this was a totally unexpected experience from start to finish. Get your taste buds ready for a new adventure. Service was great, food was awesome and we'll definitely be back for moreAppetizer- jerk fried CalamariEntrees- braised short ribs w garlic rosemary parmesan mash potatoesJerk fried chicken w cornbread& honey w gravySide- truffle mac n cheese w bacon (the best tasting item)Desert-Jamaican carrot cake Everything was awesome and paired well with one another and can't wait to eat there for brunch
4	Stick with beer.  Their red wine selection over-priced.  Calamari was amazing!  Ordered the Fried Chicken and Braised Short-Rib to split.  While the short-rib was just okay, chicken was wonderful!  Won't split the chicken next time!
5	Fantastic brunch.  I had the chicken and waffles.  I've had it in the past in other areas of the country and been unimpressed, but DW's C&W were great.  The chicken was very well cooked and the waffles were ok.  And, of course, the bottomless mimosas were also quite good.
5	Amazing place with great food and service. One of the best burgers I've had. Brought us a sample of a carrot cake that was incredible. Can't wait to check out brunch!
2	I thought that the reviews on Yelp were a good sign of things to come ( or eat ), but, not so much. I will say that the service is excellent, from hostess to busser to waiter. We started with the jerk calamari app, it was different, but just ok. The entrees we had were: Jerk chicken breast ; was good , Salmon with guava burre blanc sauce ; was ok , Green chile burger ; was the only really  good food ! Here's the bad part, calamari app was a bit on the greasy side. Then when I asked what size salmon came with entree and he said 8oz,  but actually was 4 maybe 5 oz. for $22 ?Listen, I don't mind paying good money for good food, but if it's going to be small portion, it better taste REAL good, this wasn't worth the money.  Then the rice that was served with entrees was half under cooked and the seasonal veggies needed seasoning. They tried replacing under cooked rice with mash potato, but that needed seasoning too. They did comp part of our meal which was really nice of them to do. I would give 2 1/2 stars but yelp doesn't have 1/2 stars. I think I have to come back for the brunch, maybe then I'll get the 5 star food I see in the reviews.
5	The ambience is always beautiful, the food fantastic, the staff is friendly and fast. Everyone is always very attentive and they all seem to know the menu well. I have been here a handful of times and everything I get is always great!
5	Best breakfast in LV. Jerk Chicken and Waffles, New Mexico slow cooked pork omelet, Jerk Chicken benedict, and carrot cake w white chocolate shaving. Everything was AMAZING. My friend got the bloody mary with bacon and that was tasty too. The lines get long but it's worth it. It's off strip and the locals all know about it.
4	It has been a few years since my first review of this place and my opinion has drastically changed. I would now say that I enjoy this place. I usually order the Jerk Fried Chicken and it's amazing! Very enjoyable and I will be back again and again
4	Went for brunch and we were seated right away although there were people waiting ahead of us. I saw this happen quite a lot there. Maybe I looked hungry...We ordered the $10 pastry basket, I couldn't help but notice ours did not have the same variety and amount of items as others which was strange. I think they gave us the smaller portion by accident. The ambience was great I loved our server, the music, decor and overall vibe of the place. Mimosas were yummy, I opted not to go for the bottomless however the waiter topped off my glass twice. Which was oh so kind and made for a fun trip to target after brunch. Then jerk fried chicken eggs Benedict and the jerk chicken and waffles were winners. They were delicious but I will probably order the curry cous cous next time its still favorite of mine but I'm happy I tried something new. Their chocolate cake is divine, everyone talks about their carrot cake but oooohh girrrrl try the chocolate cake.
2	I had to update my review bc unfortunately the last time I went there I had HORRIBLE SERVICE. I went there for brunch and was treated really badly by our server. He paid us no attention, did not do things in a timely manner, slammed down my orange juice causing it to spill,  and worst of all when he finally decided to refill my coffee he spilled some on me, and WALKED AWAY! are you kidding me? HOT COFFEE ON MY PANTS.I was so mad I couldn't even speak. I work in the industry myself, so I know how to behave in a restaurant. This servers actions were completely unwarranted I come here often and have really enjoyed it, but I just couldn't believe how I was a treated. .  I wish I had kept my receipt to call the manager to let them know who this person was. But I will say the food runner was very kind and did go the extra mile for us. Of course the food was good. But that bad server is something I just can't believe.
5	Yum, yum, yummmm!!! The sweet potato fries are TO DIE for. The whole place screams chic :) I LOVE LOVE LOVE this place :)
3	Oh DW.  I spoke so highly of you to my friends!  They trusted me and you let me down.  I'm not angry - I'm just disappointed; like a parent whose golden child just got suspended for smoking pot at the pep rally.  I've eaten here several times - mainly for brunch and always quite enjoyed the complete experience.  Service is typically great and the food is usually creative, tasty and reasonably priced.  Last night though...oh DW.  I feel like I don't even know who you are anymore!My friend and I went to celebrate her birthday, and I had talked this place up quite a bit.  Our main server was abrupt, distant and had horrible timing!  He constantly interrupted our conversations and had a knack for doing so during the juiciest parts of stories!  Come on man, we're trying to talk here!  He seemed impatient with our questions and our leisurely dining pace.  We both ordered the mahi-mahi special - which was 30 dollars a plate so I was expecting it to be delicious.  The fish was dry, the rice was dry, and the mixed vegetables were flavorless and uninspired.  Mahi-mahi is a hard fish to ruin, and but they found a way.  It just felt and tasted like a piece of fish I bought frozen at Smiths, thawed out and tossed in the oven with some olive oil and teriyaki sauce.  If I can throw it together myself, I can't help but feel bitter about paying 30 dollars (plus tip) to eat it at a place I usually count on for a nice dinner out.  The dinner was not a total loss - the other gentleman waiting on us (not our main server, more of a runner?) was incredibly pleasant and helpful.  Our starter was delicious - if you like a cheese dish to start, I must recommend the pesto torte.  Goat cheese, cream cheese, and pesto married together into a soft, savory tort make a fine start to any meal.  In fact, we worked on it throughout and used it to finish the meal as well.  The hostess who seated us was adorable, and as always the atmosphere of DW is nice.  I just don't know if I can trust them after last night's sad dinner.  I suppose, like the pot smoking teen, trust must be earned before they get Mom's car keys again.
5	I went here again for dinner last night and the food tastes better every time! I tried the couscous salad with seared ahi tuna on the side. It was delicious. I never get tired of this place and our server.. I think his name was Nick.. Mark? (I feel bad I forgot his name), but he was funny yet very professional. This place does not disappoint! MUST TRY!
4	Very nice staff. The food was good.  We had our 2 kids with us and they were patient. My husband had the lamb chops, but we're kind of small.  We want to try their brunch.
5	I just love this food here, and its so fresh and perfectly seasoned, its amazing really.  The owners have done a great job and are there every day.  Service is stellar, and the food is top of the charts, its a little pricey, but you get what you pay for at this joint.  Quality ingredients, Superb preparation, extensive details on each dishes presentation and a tasty finish.  I am hooked, I wish I could go more and slam my face into some killer carribbean grinds, its a little  fancy for some tastes, but overall, I think everyone should be able to find a home run here.  I love the salads, Ahi Tuna particularly, but everything is good.  5 STAR STUFF HERE!  as Daniel Tosh says at the end of his disclaimer...ENJOY!
5	The food here is absolutely incredible, we felt like it was a fluke the first time we came, but after 3 visits, it is consistently more than impressive!The environment is ok, it's an artsy unique feel, it's cool but for some reason doesn't feel congruent. The staff is ok, hosts have always been nice, wait staff is either really service oriented, nor non-chalant.BUT, the food makes up for any other short coming!
5	Their food is amazing and their service rocks! Wish they had a location in Henderson. ;)
4	Great Place for food ! I take clients for dinner at DW when we close on their homes ! Congrats to all those in south Summerlin I have worked with  and welcome to my neighborhood!
4	The service was impeccable. The staff and server were pleasant and accommodating. The food itself is a fusion of Caribbean as well as New Mexican cuisine. The dishes were decent and very unique. For example, the calamari here isn't served as what you are use to traditionally, instead it's smothered in a jerk sauce, a little too flavorful for my taste. The cous cous salad is ok nothing too special. The lamb chops were cooked nicely and beautifully presented. The sliders for me personally were the stars of the evening. I'm hoping to try the brunch soon!
5	I hung out with them at land rover Las Vegas at a wonderful event where they where showing there support.....Models for mutts ASPCA event..... If you are craving jerk flavor with a twist take the time to check them out!....The Red velvet cake is awesome:)
5	We were lucky enough to spend time off the strip for our vacation last October, and a friend who lives nearby recommended DW Bistro, and we were in love!Being foodies from PDX, we considered this place to be absolutely fantastic, rivaling and topping a lot of breakfast restaurants here. From the coffee to the Cuban Benedict, to the most fabulous carrot cake.  Each bite was savored for the beautiful flavors on the tongue, and sadness abounded after the last bite.  The service was attentive and wonderful, I was sad that we could not make it out there a second time before we left.
4	Yay DW!! Fun, cutting edge food, great drinks and friendly neighborhood service that locals love. My suggestions..try one of their fruit infusion cocktails paired with a DW bowl..YUM! Make sure to make reservations for brunch though!
5	The location is modern and airy. It was a nice day so we sat on the patio. Our waiter was very friendly and accommodating. First, it was windy so he moved is to a table that was out of the wind, next he brought out my toddlers food before the rest was ready and then at the end of the meal he brought her some berries since she couldn't have the hard candy offered at the end. He went the extra mile to make sure we enjoyed out meal. I had a turkey burger with chutney. It was spicy but the flavor was great. The lemonade was a bit too tart for me. The chicken curry was also very good.
5	I've never had a bad experience here. The service is always excellent, and the food is some of my favorite in Vegas. If you're interested in cocktails, they have some unique ones made with fruit-infused alcohol. My favorite soup I've ever had is here: the Jamaican chicken curry soup. It's a neon green like teenage mutant ninja turtle ooze, but has consistently had a perfect flavor.
4	The workers are so nice here and very attentive. I ordered the jerk pork hash and it was good, a bit dry but still had very good flavors. I came with my family so we also ordered the DW pastry basket and it was so yummy. The bread itself is light and fluffy and add it with chocolate and blueberry. It just made it even better!
5	This place is AMAZING!! Atmosphere was great, very hospitable people. My friends and I wanted to try something new and ended up here. The food is delicious, a bit spicy, but its mouth watering. Definitely a great restaurant to visit.
5	I spent 4 days in Vegas and so far I've found that these little places outside of the strip are cheaper, the service is better and the food is outstanding. This place has great food I recommend getting one of the specials or the jerk chicken salad. They have a decent selection of beer. Overall I'm very impressed and would highly recommend this place for anyone looking for affordable and quality food!
4	Caribbean cuisine at its finest.The wait time after order was taking a bit long, but our waiter apologized and gave us free white chocolate blueberry scone with house jam and butter. And that was impressive - I discovered that I like moist scones better. That was a good start!* New Mexical-style Slow-cooked Pork Bowl - Bomb!* Eggs Benedict with Ham - Thickness of the ham is perfect.* Jerk Fried Chicken and Waffles - Didn't like much. Jerk Chicken doesn't need to be fried and syrup was typical sweetener, not quality maple syrup.Overall, great quality of food and service.
2	DW Bistro is one of my favorite places to brunch. Working in industry I love recommending hidden gems in the Valley. There were three of us calling ahead to check when their last seating was and they told us to be there before 2 and we made it by 1:45. When we arrived we were coldly greeted and told there was no more seating for the day. We were taken back seeing as we just talked to them 10 minutes prior. It has changed how I feel about one of our favorite places, now we are taking our business to Honey Salt.
5	This a truly amazing one-of-a kind spot. The food is all prepared with super fresh ingredients and is so delicious I'm already planning my next visit. We started off with the Jerk Fried Calamari and this is the BEST calamari I have ever had in my life, it had fresh banana peppers and the sauce was super tasty. Dinner was amazing and we we're treated as first time guests to the most amazing piece of carrot cake.  We look forward to our next visit.
5	Some good friends of ours recommended that we should try out DW Bistro. Although it's on the other side of town from where we live, it was very worth the drive over there. We were greeted by a very friendly hostess who showed us to our table. It was a beautiful spring day so we, like the rest of that nights guests, sat outside on the porch - which was really cozy. The inside was really nice too, so when the summer heats up it will still be a very nice place to visit. Our waiter, upon hearing that this was our very first visit to DW Bistro, took very good care of us. He gave us his recommendations, and if we had any questions about the menu, he patiently explained them to us. We ended up trying the jerk fried calamari for an appetizer (1/2 portion was more than enough for two), and then went for the New Mexican slow pork and pork jerk shoulder. They were both very tasty, but our favorite was the New Mexican bowl. The portions were huge, and we brought home plenty of leftovers for the next day. When we had if shied the waiter brought us a complimentary carrot cake since this was our first visit. We will definitely come back for more!
5	Amazing! Chiliquiles are heavenly. Jerk chicken and waffles are a no brainer. Bacon bloody marys are delicious!
4	Went to DW Bistro for a late lunch. Our server was very friendly and prompt. I remember the Bloody Mary being more flavorful than what we got, so bummer on that. But, the food....OMG the food!!!! The food here is incredible. I got the vegetable curry over couscous. I rarely order vegetarian but thought I'd go for it. And I am so glad I did. This is a real contender for my favorite dish in the history of ever! The curry was perfectly flavored and the mix of different veggies (heavy on the mushrooms...yay!) far exceeded my expectations. So good!The BF ordered one of the daily specials: bowtie pasta in a marsala sauce with chicken. He loved the dish! The bite he allowed me to have was seriously good eats. Glad we beat the crowds as this place tends to get quite packed. But once you taste the food, you'll understand why. Would highly recommend!
5	Try this place for the first time today, it was very good, with very good flavor. I had the turkey panini, with roasted red peppers and sweet potato fries. I will definitely be eating here again, and the prices are reasonable also.
5	Second time having lunch here, really good food, great guest service. I know if a few restaurants that could use a lesson from the ownership here. Can't wait for next location to open. Keep up the great work
4	After trying their chicken flautas and various other dishes at a charity event I wanted to give them a try. I came here with my cousin and he ordered the chilaquiles and I ordered the turkey burger with their house salad. We also ordered a white chocolate blueberry scone because I am always intrigued by places that make their scones in house. The scone was made well but it was a bit too sweet with the white chocolate, the powdered sugar on top, and then also with the sweet berry jam it came with. Our entrees were brought out very quickly despite every table in the restaurant being full. I enjoyed my turkey burger but once again it was too sweet. The chutney was good but their was too much of it and the raisins were unnecessary. The house salad was spot on and I wished I had a little more of it. My cousin said his chilaquiles were average even though it was recommended to us as one of their house specialities. I was impressed by the taste of the food and how quickly they were able to put food out with the amount of people in the restaurant.
5	This place is amazing!  Mom daughter date so we just tried a little of everything...definitely will be going back!  Quick little tip though...Get there 15 minutes before opens at 11 weekdays and your lunch will be pretty quiet...Fills up fast and noisy inside.  We sat outside and it was great!  BTW...The staff is so attentive and nice!
5	Best brunch place in Las Vegas!!  Food is always tasty and I have tried almost everything on the menu. Service is great - always friendly and happy to help. This is a must go to restaurant!
5	We came here about a week ago and I still have this place on my mind. At the time my boyfriend wasn't able to eat gluten for a little while and the waiter was super helpful and nice to talk to. So we both ended up getting the specials of the day. His was a rib-eye steak with scallops and asparagus and I got the fish of the day which was an Atlantic cod over rice and vegetables. Oh my goodness, so delicious! I'm pretty sure it was the first time my boyfriend and I didn't have any leftovers to take home :)For dessert, he decided to get the lemon pudding because of the gluten thing and it was sooo delicious. It comes with dark and white chocolate truffles and fresh berries. I got the carrot cake which was really great. They say that it's a home recipe and I savored every bite. Oh and be sure to try the tea they have. I regret that I don't remember what kind of tea it was but I'll check when we go back. This place is definitely a little more pricey than we're used to but it was completely worth every penny. The food was fantastic, I loved chatting with our server, there was very little wait time for everything, and it's so comfortable there. If you get a chance, eat outside!
5	My friend and I had the lunch specials. mine was filet bowl with a spicy sauce. My friend got a filet sandwich. Both were very good. We then had dessert, I had the carrot cake and he had the red velvet cake.Our waiter was Nick, he was a really good waiter, nice and when we had questions he was able to answer them.
5	My team left the strip to dine here, and support a locally owned restaurant.  Yelp! Reviews were right, this place is fantastic.   Little on the spicy side, but they do offer no spice options.  Drinks were awesomeDinner was awesome Dessert was awesome
5	I'm no Shakespeare so I'll keep it short.Great food and beautiful patrons. It's obvious why this place is so popular.
5	Amazing atmosphere! Love the cocktails and the truffle bacon mushrooms mac and cheese is amazing
5	Love our neighborhood locale! My family has frequented DW since it first opened several years ago. We eat there as a family, enjoy date nights there, meet friends &/or business associates at DW, and enjoy takeout, typically on a two-thrice monthly basis. The atmosphere is relaxed & bright (love the orange & white motif), the service friendly & timely, and most importantly, the food phenomenal and unique. We feel at home whenever we go as the staff is welcoming & accommodating to our ever changing requests. Overall, a superb & much appreciated change for Las Vegas!!
2	There is one reason why I gave this place the extra star, the food here is excellent, although I do suggest getting it to go due to the lack of good service. But I'd rather spend my money elsewhere where the business cares about the customer, afterall we are the reason they stay open. Waiters/waitresses need to know their boundaries as to what type of remarks to have to say to their guests. Obviously in this atmosphere neither their front of house staff nor the owner cares what we think of how they treat us. I had invited my best friend here for a lovely lunch and instead had an overall bad experience. We were very disappointed in the service and how the owner handled it...I just won't be returning.
5	Amazing casual bistro. I was told that the Exec Chef is Jamaican & raised in New Mexico -- which explains the wonderful SW/Caribe flavor fusion. Outstanding food, reasonably priced (about $12/lunch & $16/dinner) w/ample portions. Slow-cookd New Mexican Pork is amazing as were other dishes we tried. The Standout is the Jamaican Carrot cake. It's  PERFECT. Not too sweet, chewy w/ coconut, pineapple & carrots w/ light as a feather cream cheese/white chocolate frosting. This place is a Vegas gem. In addition the staff was incredibly friendly, knowledgable, and attentive. I think this is the first restaurant I've dined in where every staff person I encountered seemed to love their job, and sang the praises of the food, the owners, and the chefs. I most definitely got a very positive vibe from my visit and that is not always plentiful in this biz --- especially partnered with incredible, affordable food. A definite must for those who want to avoid the glitz of the strip and tire of hotel dining... Do not leave without trying the carrot cake... It would be an epic mistake!
3	Dine here at tuesday lunch time. Atmosphere very modern nice. Menu wise very simple and straight forward. We order chicken salad, spinach appetizer, jamaican chicken curry. Salad & appetizer was tasty and delicious. But curry wasn't taste good as what I was expected which I eat one scoop and my wife had one. I was wondering the vegetables were not fully cooked on curry and chicken was not seasoned well (salt&pepper?). Im giving 3 stars becuz of service. Restaurant seems new management which they doesn't seem organized.... However, I would come back if management settle down a bit or probably iy was slow on lunch so they went slow down?
5	This is my go to place in Las Vegas and has been for several years.  We eat here a few times a month and have never been disappointed.  The service is always great! For starters we always order the calamari.  I have never even liked calamari until I tried it here. It is a little spicy and sweet.  I just can't stop eating it. (As a tip, this does heat up nicely in the microwave the next day so we always order the full size instead of the half and take the extra home. I even ate it with scrambled eggs for breakfast one time and loved it!)I love the infused vodkas and rum that they offer.  This varies seasonally.  There is usually my favorite, the triple berry.  At times, my waiter will suggest blending 2 different fusions for a nice surprise.  Yummy and strong martinis.My meal is usually the salmon with rice and veggies. The fish is not fishy or spicy at all.  It is so tender, juicy and full of flavor.  I just love the seasoned veggies so much that many times, I will skip the rice and ask for double veggies. My son usually orders the special of the day.  I don't believe that he has ever ordered from the menu.  The special does not disappoint. The best were the pork chops.  If you are there when that is the special, you have go to order it! Many of the specials are spicy. If you don't like spicy food, just let your waiter know. They can adjust that in most meals.I recently sampled the oxtail from a friends plate.  It was very good.  It just melted in my mouth.  It was paired with garlic mashed and veggies which were also delicious. No spice, just full flavor.Dessert is always required for me at DW.  My personal favorites are the carrot cake and lime pudding.  The carrot cake is island style with coconut and macadamia nuts.  OMG! The lime pudding is unlike any that I have had before.  It is Dalton's secret award winning recipe.  It is light and refreshing and served with fresh berries.  The portion is just enough to be shared.  You will want to savor every bite of this.
4	JERK!  Yes, the flavor of Jamaica. It's in 30 percent of the menu.  That said, what's a group of hungry, foodie poker grinders to do?  Order every "jerk" dish of course.Side note:  this is not a Jamaican restaurant rather a contemporary neighborhood bistro.  Large portions, good prices, and friendly off Strip service.  Hits and misses on flavor and preparation but overall a great value.The jerk seasoning, a good spice blend with pronounced allspice flavor that lacks the fiery scotch bonnet peppers heat and floral pepper taste.  Sadly it results in an earthy taste not often complimented by the other ingredients.The run down:Jerk oven roasted baby back ribs with grilled pineapple and a buttermilk ranch sauce - Tender but very earthy in flavor.  The pineapple provides much needed acidity.Jerk fried calamari with a sweet chili glaze - Pass.  Oily, soggy, and a sticky mess.Couscous salad with jerk seared ahi seasoned with a herbaceous pesto, heirloom tomatoes, goat cheese and a hint of truffle oil is refreshing but the fish is previously frozen.  All good, it's natural flavor is obliterated by the seasoning.DW fried chicken with cornbread and a jerk cream gravy - Southern cooking taken a little too far south.  Jerk seasoning has a burnt, dirt taste once deep fried.  Flabby dish.Jerk lamb chops - Excellent.  Cooked to temperature.  The jerk seasoning enhances the natural game and mineral flavor of the lamb.Jerk filet - Very good.  Like the lamb, cooked to temperature while the seasoning enhances the mineral flavor of the beef.Jerk chicken breast - Flavorful but slightly dry.  The orange glaze does not pair well.Overall, a solid neighborhood bistro with a twist.
4	Absolutely love the menu selection, Jamaica meets Mexico contemporary flair here and my personal fav is the jerk filet. Nice comfortable atmosphere perfect to dine with family or friends, or just to grab one of the mojitos filled with fruits and bursting flavor.Assigned four stars due to some service issues, but not a let down when the rest is just perfect! Cannot wait to return again soon!
4	The best Chicken and Waffles I've ever tasted!The jerked rub on the chicken is great. But the spiced clove and Meyer's rum infused maple syrup puts it over the top. Too bad the waffles aren't crispy as described on the menu or these guys would have 5 stars. The staff was totally on it!  They must have filled our ice tea and water 8 times while we were there. And sitting outside in the Vegas summer heat, this was awesome!Tip: for brunch, go on Saturday morning if at all possible to avoid the line around the corner on Sundays.
5	So glad this place is in Vegas! I don't know what I would do without it! I eat here literally 2-4 times a week, I get the same thing the Turkey Panini for lunch!!! Seriously i'm addicted to this thing. And even if the food sucked I would still go there because everyone who works there is awesome, especially the owners! GO!
5	Great food, great service!
5	When I want a nice dinner and don't want to go to the Strip this is the place to be. Everything I've had here is really good or incredible. Standouts are the jerk calamari and salmon. I tend to order the same things so haven't yet ventured the whole menu and would love to check out brunch one of these days when I can handle some daytime drinking. I think their infused vodkas and other liquors are a nice addition to the bar considering they double as decor in the huge glass jars with colorful fruit in them. However, there was a time I tried a pineapple-infused vodka drink and the fruit flavor was only a minor note in the cocktail. Maybe it wasn't submerged long enough? That's about the only negative I can think of.  Servers here seem genuinely friendly and like their job which is a plus.  The SW side of Vegas def needs more places like this. Upscale-ish, unique & fantastic food without breaking the bank.
5	I heard about DW Bistro a few years back when a friend of mine (after eating there for the first time) decided to get a tattoo of a piece of their Red Velvet Cake. My wife loves RVC, and we had DW Bistro on our wish list of places to eat. Last night we were finally in the area and decided to check it out. Service gets an A++. Entire staff was friendly. There was always someone to refill our drinks and clean up throughout our meal. Food was excellent. My wife had the fried chicken, and I had the veal parmigiana special. I had the pomegranate iced tea (amazing) and my wife a beverage. Every bite was bursting with flavor. I have not had a meal where it seemed every bite was calculated and created to give the eater such a flavorful experience. Of course we had the Red Velvet Cake for dessert. We were skeptical going in, because my wife's favorite dessert is her grandmothers RVC. Not to disappoint, we both loved the RVC. It was a neat twist on an old classic. The cake was moist, icing was creamy, and the white chocolate surrounding the top and sides was to die for. Hats off to the chef at DW Bistro.It was a Friday night. We were there at 6pm, and good thing because as we were leaving a huge wait building up. Our bill was $100 with tip, and well worth very penny. I highly recommend DW Bistro, especially if you're looking to have a nice night out with your wife/husband/significant other.Bravo DW Bistro! We'll be back!
5	I have now been going here for several years. The food is excellent, the service is excellent, the restaurant it's just an absolutely wonderful place!
5	So I've never had a bad experience here.  Food is consistent and excellent.  Portions are generous.  Try the slow cooked pork bowl with the eggs over rice.  Wow, like tantric sex for my tastebuds.  Love coming for brunch as well.  Bottomless mimosas can be dangerous but oh so much fun.
5	Everything here is delicious and the servers know their stuff... They always recommend something I love and are very knowledgable about the plethora of sauces on the tables.  My husband and I go here to treat ourselves to date nights and we're never disappointed. The pesto torte app is our favorite!!!!
5	Ive been here for brunch a couple times and have enjoyed it immensely. Bloody Marys are YUMMMM, Service is awesome and its very clean and the decor is pleasant.Jerk Chicken and Waffles is some of the best in Vegas. Spicy and sweet and te hot sauce choices are much welcomed and appreciated!
5	My hubby and I love this place great food and service are favorite is the peanut butter cake it is to die for !!
4	The wife and I love to go to this place from time to time. The decor is modern and clean and the food is great. I must admit that we have only ordered a few things off of the menu but they are so good we are scared to venture to much on the menu. The fried chicken and the lamb chops are the gems of this menu. I also had one of their infused vodka martinis the last time we went and it was great. We hear that the brunch is equally amazing. Love this place.
5	We've been to this restaurant several times at different times and the food is always tasty.  Its a place we take all of our out-of-town guests to because of its menu diversity as well as accommodating seating arrangement, perfect for adults and kids.  The decor is modern and comfortable with some eclectic art and light fixtures.  Most items on the menu are tasty but all of them involve a jamaican/latin fusion vibe.  But don't let that scare you if you are not into spicy foods..the spices are flavorful without being overly exotic tasting.  For Sunday brunch, chicken and waffles as well as chilaquiles are a must.  they alsoFor lunch, def go with the try any of the sandwich specials of the day.  I had a wonderful grilled chicken sandwich with pretzel bun.  For dinner, give jerk fried calamari, braised short rib, and the filet a shot.  The red velvet cake for dessert is pretty bad ass.This place gets pretty busy so be prepared to wait a few minutes, especially for Sunday brunch.
5	Great location. Great food. Great staff.
1	Make sure not to sit at the bar and have a guy named Anthony be your bartender/server. The guy is a complete douche and will just argue that you are wrong and he is right when something is wrong with your order. Worst service I have ever had and it was for a take out order. I can only imagine how bad it would've been if I dined in. Also forgot two of the items with my to go order. Won't ever be going back.
1	Worst service ever. Anthony at the bar is the worst bartender. His rude comments just kept coming the whole time I waited. I Made a take out order and was told it would take 15-20mins. Got there right at 20mins and was told it was almost ready. 30mins later it was finally ready and one meal was cold and the other one was completely wrong. So between Anthony and his comments telling me "no you haven't waited 20mins" and "I have your tab I can see how long you've waited" (which proved I was right and how long I really waited) and the terrible food we will not be going or ordering here ever again. Which is sad because we know the owners and have been coming here since it opened.
5	Every time I come to Vegas I am taken here by two of my really god friends and I must say this location has not disappointed us yet!  The decor is very modern and inviting, the service is spot on, the food delicious and finally the mimosas are really yummy and they don't hold back on the champagne.  On our last visit we enjoyed the assorted pastry basket and I ordered the chiliquiles sp?  I think that is going to be my go to from now on ...chicken, a great sauce, cheese, eggs ..the only other thing I'd add would be rice since I like to add things!  The last time I went I had the salmon Benedict and enjoyed that as well ...one of the things that stood out to me was how friendly everyone was and how the staff remembered a lot of their guests ...definitely going to keep going when I visit!
4	The bloody Mary tasted a lot like vodka that's a little too strong for me. Bacon and pickle were the bomb, service was top notch. Eggs benedict were yummy
5	Always great service and food. Be ready for jerk style food, if you haven't had it before.
5	DW Bistro is an awesome place for brunch Sundays! Even though the menu is a small selection, your palate will not leave unsatisfied. Very intense flavors all around. There is not a dish that wouldn't make you drool. I know, each time I have had brunch, I tried something different until I finished the menu. Service is great. I've never had any reason to complain or not like the way of something done by staff.
5	So went to this place for the second time during Sunday brunch. I must say their food was really good during brunch. The wait is pretty long so come early. The staff was friendly and service was on point. The Jamaican jerk chicken and waffles were tasty. The best was their chilaquiles super flavor flavorful and delicious. Bottomless mimosas can't go wrong
5	My favorite place to go out for dates, social encounters ;) , and business meetings. This place has good food, and NOT ONCE have I had a bad service experience. You can always count on seeing beautiful people in this trendy / cheap cheque hangout.
5	Yes!!! I have dreams about their couscous ahi tuna salad and find it to be the most perfect lunch imaginable. And can you say bottomless mimosas for weekend brunches? If not then you better learn because you'll never want to go anywhere else again! Love the place. Love the people. Love the food. And love the mimosas!
5	By far my favorite brunch spot in Vegas.  DW understands what it takes to run a successful business!  Exceptional service, the food has always been amazing and you can't go wrong with bottomless mimosas!  Whenever I have friends or family in town, I'm sure to take them here as it never disappoints.
5	Awesome joint. World class service. Eclectic mix of foods and flavors with a wide unique beverage variety (e.g. "jerk" bloody marys). plus, anywhere that serves RED STRIPE beer is an automatic 5 star venture. Service was prompt and polite with fantastic customer responsiveness. Due to the earthy and rich flavors, some dishes may not appeal to all, like a clove and rum-infused syrup for waffles. First time diners get a dessert on the house...home made carrot cake was our treat and was to die for. Definitely coming back.
5	A MUST in Las Vegas. This place is friendly, fun, inviting, and the food is DELICIOUS! So different than the typical reataurant. What's great is that you can tell the fun vibe of the workers too. Such great atmosphere. Came in for lunch by myself and got the star treatment from Anthony and Tyler.
5	Oh how I LOVE this place!! Hands down, the best local brunch in Vegas.  The menu is fantastic and every time I go for brunch, we always order the scones for the table.  My favorite brunch item is the chicken and waffles, but I have also had the pancakes, french toast, eggs benedict, and when I have gone for the lunch hour, their curry, salads, and sandwiches are wonderful.  I honestly can say I have never had a bad meal here!  Everything is gourmet, exciting, flavorful, and way above the average restaurant menu setting.  The chefs play with flavor and spices and everything comes together deliciously.  Bottomless mimosas are a must, but the Bloody Mary's spicy bite and fancy toppings of bacon, olives, and a pickle are a better choice for those who avoid champagne in the mornings.The staff is fantastic, attentive, and so friendly!  They are always hosting fun party themed brunch hours and are really a joy to be around. The decor is great, bright, fun, inviting, playful, and super chic. A perfect spot for lunch with a group of girls! I would suggest DW to almost anyone!
5	How is it that I have not written a review for DW yet??!!  We have been there over a dozen times and it is about time I share the awesome dining experience that we always have!!  This is one of our favorite Brunch places and we love their food AND all you can drink mimosas for $20!!  DW is a fun place, a little swanky, yet completely comfortable!!  The service and Food are always GREAT and we love the variety of the menu!! The food has a wonderful West Indies/Caribbean spice that will leave you wanting more!!  There are so many great items on the menu....but here are a few of our favorites - -- Chicken Flautas - quite possibly my favorite thing on the menu and a dish that we get every single time we dine there-- Eggs Benedict with cognac infused sausage - DELISH and comes with a little side of potatoes-- Jalapeno Bacon - you must at least order it as a side (they also make their BLT's with it and it is AMAZING too)!!-- Fried Chicken and Waffles - The chicken is juicy and tender and the waffles are light and crisp-- Chilaquiles - First time I ever tried them was here and it was very good!!  Have had them since at other places, and this still reigns supreme -- Drinks - Make sure that you try their Bloody Mary's - they are good and have all the fruit and veggies and a nice slice of Jalapeno Bacon in it (they also used to have a Habanero stuffed olive that they would put in there too, although I think they stopped that....but be on the safe side and check to make sure....don't make the mistake I had and innocently just pop one in your mouth) and their Homemade Marinated Vodkas and Rums!!!
4	This place gets busy, but service runs smoothly and not a long wait for your food either. The pulled pork omelette was good and filling. Chicken and waffles to my opinion was okay. Seems like everyone comes here for the cocktails, maybe I will try that next time. Too early for me to drink.
5	It was our first time coming to DW, my wife and I were absolutely blown away with the amazing food and even better service! Ordered the short ribs, pulled pork bowl and got the Jamaican Carrot cake for dessert! Ask for Luis
5	Thank you to Luis for his amazing service! Right from the beginning he made my husband and I feel welcome and answered any questions we had about the menu and the history of DW Bistro.My husband and I had their margaritas, pork shoulder bowl and short ribs with mashed potatoes. The food was TO DIE FOR. We told Luis it was our first time at DW and he even gave us a special carrot cake dessert to sample. If we could give this place 6 stars we would. We will certainly be back and we will be requesting Luis as our server!
5	First off Brennan was our server and he was great!! I heard there burger was good and it was.. I really liked the salad and the Mac n Cheese. Everything was great, I will for sure be back..
5	First time here and I was totally in love with this place. the modern looking inside the restaurant with bright warm color really gave us a good appetite. The owner has a very good taste as I can tell from lots if details, and the restaurant is also very clean. I always check the restroom as well when I try a restaurant, it turned out to be lovely and clean. For the food and service, absolutely 5 stars. You better go there and try them urself. They also have cocktails, yah!!!
1	I'm not sure why anyone would come here for bunch!! The wait wasn't that bad for a Sunday, but after waiting for 30 or so minutes, the host sat us down at a table with another couple we didn't know, which wasn't so bad because the table sat 6. So after looking at the menu which I thought was pretty small and simple for all the hype about their brunch. The waiter took our order before the other couple, we started off our meal with a warm fruit bowl which was inedible. Then the other couple received their meal before us even though we ordered  way before them, so after mentioning that to the server he came back a few minutes later with cold food that had to be sitting there waiting to be picked up. So overall I would not ever go back to this place ever again.
5	My favorite restaurant ever! I wish I could give DW Bistro a million stars. This place is absolutely the best. The food, staff and the owners are incredible. (Ask for Luis! He's the best server there!) I've been here so many times I've lost count and I don't know why it took me so long to write a review. I've tried almost everything on the brunch, lunch, dinner and dessert menu and nothing has been disappointing. My favorites are the jerk chicken and waffles, turkey burger sliders and the seared lamb chops. I could go on and on, but you get the point. Visit the restaurant, you won't regret it!
4	I met a group of Yelpers at DW Bistro to celebrate the birth of the one and only Jessica M. Sadly, DW Bistro does not accept reservations for Sunday brunch, and we had a LONG ASS WAIT of 90 minutes. Thankfully once we were seated, everything was great. An automatic 20% gratuity was added to our bills, which sometimes results in sub-par service, I am happy to say that was not the case with our group. Allison S.  and I decided to split two dishes because we were struggling to decide what to order. We had the chilaquiles as well as the special pulled pork eggs benedict: The eggs benedict was very tasty, you could tell that the english muffins used were made in house. I would have prefered a little more hollandaise sauce, and overall I felt that it was a rather small portion for the $18 price tag. The chilaquiles were fantastic. Not the most authentic chilaquiles I have had, but still so delicious. And a rather generous serving for the $15 price tag. I started out with a bloody mary ($12), which I enjoyed. A few members of our group went with the very tempting bottomless mimosas for $20, I had things I needed to get done later in the day so I could not be that indulgent. Instead, I ordered a latte after my drink, but it never came out, That is the sole service hiccup that I know of for our large group. I don't think I will subject myself to the uber-long wait for a large group to have Sunday brunch at DW Bistro again anytime soon., but the food was excellent so I am sure I will be back sometime soon to try some of the other items on the menu.
3	It was fellow Yelper Jessica M's birthday and it was decided that we were going to check out DW Bistro. Since we were a large group of about 10 (All of us Yelpers) we tried to get a reservation. But we were informed that they "Don't do reservations." So it resulted in an hour & a half wait!! If it hadn't been her bday I totally would have gone some place else. There was no real place to sit down and wait either cause there were to many people already waiting.We were all starving and thirsty by the time they finally called our name. We were seated at a table in the far back of the restaurant right next to the bathrooms and the kitchen. I was so happy when the waiter came around to fill water glasses and take drink orders. I really wanted the bottomless mimosas like the majority of our group ordered, but I was on a tight budget. Instead I went with a not to spicy Bloody Mary. Yum! It came with crispy bacon, green olives, a wedge of lime, and (my favorite) a dill pickle! Jessie B and I were sharing a menu and could not decide on what to order. Everything on the menu sounded good cause we were so hungry. When the waiter came back out we asked what were the specials for the day. Jessie and I immediately looked at each other and said we so need to get the New Mexico pulled pork Benedict with spicy Hatch Chili Hollandaise sauce. Dyanna L and her man Brent over heard us and asked if we wanted to all get different things and share. I was all in! I love getting to try ALL the things. So we decided on the Special Benedict, Chiliqulies, and the New Mexico pulled pork Hash with scrambled eggs. Wow! If I could rate the food alone I'd give them 5 stars. Let's start with the Benedict. The English muffin is homemade which I loved. It also was very light and fluffy. I could cut through the muffin with my fork and normally that doesn't happen. The English muffin was piled high with tasty pork and topped with poached eggs and had a dab of spicy Hollandaise sauce on each egg. I wish it had more Hollandaise sauce cause the little bit that was on there had a great spicy flavor. It was served with maybe 6 pieces of potato and a cup of fruit. (Which was tainted with pineapple. Not a fan.) Next the Chiliqulies!! Omg yum!!! If you've never had Chiliqulies it's like a breakfast nachos. I loved their enchilada sauce! It really tied the whole dish together. By this time I was starting to fill up!! I did take a couple bites of the pork Hash. The pork meat was tender and full of flavor. I enjoyed the spice from the Hatch chiles. Vanessa N offered us all a taste of her Veggie Curry. Yummy! I really enjoyed that. Now let's talk service. It was pretty spotty. The waiter seemed almost annoyed that we were there. He asked if we wanted more drinks and Jessie asked for a vanilla latte, but it never came! When Niyen was asking our waiter if he could have Jessica's bill put on his bill the waiter acted all in a huff about it. Jessica was given a free birthday piece of Carrot Cake that was soooo good! As long as Jessica had a good time at her bday brunch is all that matters. But I was way disappointed in the rules of "no reservations" and the waiter with an attitude. Since DW is on the other side of the world from where I live I wouldn't go out of my to stop back in. It pains me to give DW Bistro 3 stars cause the food was a 5. Perk up DW!
4	Oh DW, why must you be so far far away?! And why must you only be open for, four, short little hours on Sundays? I guess when it's that good, you have this option. Overall, I would say DW Bistro, is THAT good.My most recent experience was my second time dining here. The first time just me and my other half, but this was a group of ten. It is safe to say if there was not a crazy wait time, I would give this place 5 stars. They do not accept reservations, but often seem to get large parties. Considering they offer bottomless mimosas, I could see why. I went against the mimosa and chose the DW Bloody Mary which comes with olive, lime, a pickle spear, and 3 slices of jalapeno bacon. It has a bearable kick, and could be considered a meal in itself. Among our table I tried the jerk chicken and waffles, the eggs benedict served with NM style pork, pork jerk hash, a caesar salad, chicken flautas, and the vegetable curry.  My personal favs were the flautas, the actual chicken on the waffle dish, and the curry. Never would I had thought to order curry from here, but oh man I am grateful Vanessa N. kept shoving it down my throat cuz it was freaking delish! My first trip was superb customer service. And with the group, I would say almost the same. I noticed a couple things that went missed, but nothing too major. And with a loud group of 10 obnoxious Yelpers, (who may have been tipsy), I cannot complain about the service we received. It sucked having to wait over an hour to be seated. But great company made the time pass. This is a solid choice for some above average New Mexico style comfort food with a kick. I hope DW decides to expand. I would love to see another location in Henderson somewhere.
5	Extremely friendly service. Loved the food. I told my server that I thought the ginger mint tasted good and she gave me a handful to take home! She went above and beyond!
5	My family has been here a couple times and have never been disappointed!!!! The food is amazing and fairly priced, And the service is also great!!! Get the jerk calamari and the jerk lamb chops!!! Brunch is great too!!!
5	The service was great and the food was even better. Light but filling, tons of flavor and so fresh!
4	First time here, and very impressed!
1	This place is too trendy for its own good! My party of four walked in d w bistro around 12:30 hoping to indulge in the bottomless mimosas and a fulfilling brunch. We were quoted a 45 minute wait time & told by the host that we could start at the bar and as long as we had our glasses at the table they would refill them all day. The four of us retreated to the bar where we fought to get attention from the bartenders for a solid 15 minutes. Once we got the attention of a bartender we were told that they were no longer selling mimosas. Another guest commented that they heard the bar was out of glasses so we continued to wait for other tables with glasses to leave. We then tried reordering mimosas and were told that they were no longer selling them as it was after 1- even though a bartender had just given a new glass to a guest that he appeared to know.  We went back to the host stand to clear up the confusion as we had already been waiting for 30 minutes hoping to get a drink. The host then checked back with the bartenders who told her the same thing she had told us. No one apologized for our wait or the miscommunication so we left disappointed. This visit was particularly upsetting because I was visiting in town from LA and I drove 30 minutes out of the way to come here because of the excellent yelp reviews. I can't attest to the food but the service is a NO.
5	The first time I came, I was so blown away with the food I had to come back! Best carrot cake you have ever had hands down!
4	This place is yummy. So far I've had the veggie sandwich and the turkey panini. Both are delicious. They have a variety of hot sauces if you are so inclined. My only complaint is that it is so loud. Other than that it is great  place for lunch v
5	I never write reviews but this DEFINITELY deserved one. Came a week ago the day I arrived and came back on my way back out. Incredible food, ambience and great service and staff! Love it! I'll be back in a couple weeks!
5	Exquisite place I am definitely coming back.  My amazing boyfriend picked this extremely delectable restaurant.  He and his mother visited here on a different occasion.  He was correct in his tale of the food...delish!
5	The decor is absolutely adorable and so unique for the Las Vegas area. We were greeted by a lovely hostess and taken to a table outside. Everything from the servers to the bus boys were wonderful, but the food was the best part. I had a turkey panini with a beautiful salad on the side, and my husband had a green chile cheeseburger that was (almost) worthy of my home state, New Mexico. We topped off the wonderful meal with a (complimentary) piece of Jamaican carrot cake, which was delicious. This is our new "go to" place for lunch, and we can't wait to check out their dinners.
3	Ate their a few times and the last time was very disappointing.  The food I got was burnt and I was told that this was just the seasoning.  Boo.  Go there for the cake/ sangria, and perhaps lunch, but dinner was a let down.
5	Great food, great atmosphere, awesome drinks... a nice place for a trendy brunch with a nice mix of cool people.
5	It is rare to give a place 5 stars for me! Let alone write about it the same night. Yes, this place exceeded my expectations and I had to tell everyone right away! From the moment we called ahead to see how busy it was to the moment we said our goodbyes were way beyond satisfied! No wait, perfect service, delicious food and refreshing drinks. Everyone was attentive and the place was clean! We ordered their favorites, pork chops, Mac n cheese, couscous salad, short ribs, Jamaican jerk calamari and chicken. All were simply mouthwatering. The pork chops were huge and juicy with the right balance of flavors. Definitely sharing portions! Their bread basket had a variety to choose from. Now to the drinks; pineapple infused martini, gin and tonic, and  this citrus drink (I forgot the name) were all so yummy...try em all! Just have a DD ;).Our service, especially Nick our server, was impeccable. Nick was one of the most knowledgable and attentive servers I've ever known. He knew his menu, and everything he recommended was spot on! I could tell he was a food junkie like me, and described all of his best meals like I would. They were so accommodating to my one year old boy and offered more of the tiny muffin bread he enjoyed. We are definitely going back to try their brunch. Hope our next visit is just as amazing as this one! Wished they opened another place near the GVR area.
5	We found our new favorite brunch spot! I have never seen so many beautiful people gathered in one place as DW Bistro for Sunday brunch! Seriously unlimited mimosas and a show you can't beat that and to top it all off the food is delicious! Even though it was crowded when we arrived we were seated quickly and the staff was very nice. We hope to go back very soon!!
5	First of all, hands down one of my best dining experience at this place! As soon as we walked in, they already had of table ready to go. (Mind you, we called ahead to see if there was a wait ten minutes before).Our first time here, the waiter, Nick, was great! Told us the specials, what his favs were, and gave us positive praise for choices we made in the menu. From the variety of bread, to drinks, to appetizers, and entrees. We were satisfied! Too bad we REALLY didn't have any room for dessert :(The bartender was so kind to let us try the fruit infused alcohol too! Yummy! Try the pineapple martini (he read my mind and had it made just as I told to waiter).It was a Saturday night, the place wasn't crowded, which was nice. However, this place should be packed! Must Go Place! Bookmark it and go!FOOD: Great!SERVICE: From the front end to the back, it was awesome!Can't wait to go back!
5	I was invited to DW Bistro for lunch without knowing about the restaurant and immediately was impressed by the atmosphere and setup.  I asked my buddy for a recommendation and he told me to try the DW Turkey Burger.  At first,  I thought I could get a turkey burger anywhere and I wanted to try something new,  but I took his recommendation.  When the meals came out,  the presentation was on point and the turkey burger sure didn't look like a traditional one.  It came with a nicely baked bun,  Turkey cooked to perfection and a seasoning or topping that I couldn't explain in words.  I truly can't wait to go back as there were a lot of items on the menu that I would love to try.  Tip-We went to lunch at 11:45 because my friend knew that it gets packed during lunch time. Try to arrive at or before noon to beat the lunch crowd,  but if you have to wait,  it is well worth it.
3	I had heard good things about DW Bistro, but never really wanted to try it because I'm very picky and Jamaican food wasn't very appealing to me. A good friend suggested this place for brunch, so I finally gave it a try earlier this month. The ambience inside is nice with bright lights and artwork on the walls.The first bad sign was when I looked at the menu and didn't really see anything I wanted to eat. For me, its not good when a menu is complicated! I remembered seeing pictures of shrimp scampi and mac and cheese here on yelp. But unfortunately, those were on their dinner menu. I decided to try the jerk fried chicken and waffles. I asked our server how spicy it was and he said that it was pretty spicy. Then I asked him if they could make it mild and he replied "No, we don't mess with the levels of spiciness." My friend and I thought he was joking at first, but unfortunately he was serious. I was surprised, since most restaurants will tone down spicy foods if requested. Plus, that made me wonder if everything really was prepared fresh? Then he asked "you don't like spicy food? Are you from China?" I wanted to say WTF does that have to do with anything?? I decided to keep cool and replied "no." Finally, he suggested the Jamaican curry chicken for something more mild, so that is what I ordered. Our food took a while to come out, but when it finally did, they made everything look pretty. My chicken curry wasn't spicy as promised. However, they were stingy with the chicken and it was kind of dry. They also went overboard with the vegetables. At the end, I got tired of digging through all those veggies just to find the chicken and rice so I stopped eating. Of course our server made a comment to me saying "oh, you didn't like it?" Umm, does it look like I did?? I can't remember what my friend ordered, but he enjoyed his food. Like I said, I am picky. :P We decided to share a dessert. My friend asked our server what he recommended, and he replied "Well, we have an excellent carrot cake but she (looking at me) doesn't like carrot cake." What a smart @ss! Then he looked at me and said "was I right?" Lol, he WAS right. We ordered a slice of their peanut butter pie. It took a very long time to come out, but it was delicious and the highlight of my meal!! The only weird thing about it was that they put raspberry sauce on the plate, which we both agreed that it wasn't a good mix.Would I come back again? Probably not. If I ever have to, it would only be for dinner! Warning: watch out for their smart @ss servers!
5	I ate here one time and the meal was amazing. Has been awhile so plan on going back soon and then maybe I can give a better and more thorough review.
5	I just can't being to express how much I love this place and the people that work here.
5	DW Bistro is truly the restaurant that most downtown restaurants strive to be, yet this gem is tucked away in a shopping center in the SW. The crowd? Cute. The food? Incredible. The drinks? Never ending. My friends and I frequented DW this summer every Sunday to partake in their unlimited mimosas for $20. Not only is their good crazy good (chicken and waffles are out of this world), but the vibes you pick up from here are amazing. You'll always bump into someone you know, and the owners keep it nice and personal by filling your drink themselves. Obviously the wait is a killer, but I assure you it's worth it.
4	Absolutely LOVE the food, the service, and the drinks! I am so glad I have found this place and now live closer since I moved to this side of town! Absolutely try it out, you will not be disappointed in the meal.
5	We had the most wonderful experience at the Bistro... Hip cool, but casual atmosphere, excellent service, and some of the best food we've had in awhile. Definitely try the couscous salad with ahi. Damn good. I can also recommend the Manhattens... We had a special entree- 2 filets wrapped in bacon, and it could not have been better. We'll be back soon!
2	I love the menu here!!But I don't love the service. I asked for a dessert menu twice, and it never came. By the time they came with my check, I finally got offered the dessert menu. I was just aggravated at that point and said "No, thank you". The food took a while to come out and our server did not check on us at all and I'd already finished my drink and wanted a refill didn't get one until about 20 minutes later. We also did not get our bread until after our meal came. I felt like they were just more preoccupied with other things and not enough on their guests. The atmosphere feels somewhat stuffy and a little pretentious, too.  DW Bistro should focus more on being service oriented and less on being hip. However, the food is delicious. Sadly, I won't be back.
5	Great food, great cocktails and great service. Staff was super friendly and accommodating.
5	Unique culinary expressions with a New Mexico meets Jamaica flavor in a trendy, up-scale malleable environment including patio, bar, and table dining fashioned for relationship-building and relationship-sharing. Come here to meet other people of a like mind. Make new friends over some appealing libations and luscious culinary treats. This establishment appropriately includes the term "Bistro" as part of its name, and the "Bistro" vibe is as evident and obvious as it is workable. That is to say: go with the flow, relax and ease into things, absorb your surroundings, shake hands with someone new, step out of your comfort zone of the static, stoic, serious, sultry dimly-lit jacket-and-tie lounges and feel the energy of this place.  This venue is incomparable within the Las Vegas culinary community.  It doesn't have to be perfect. It is. As is. That's the greatness of it all. An example of a dinner recently: House Salad: a sprinkle of goat cheese complemented by the candied walnuts over a delicious selection of gathered greens and accouterment.Side of Fried Chicken (1 piece): a crusted chicken breast deep fried with a kick of spice. Just right for that "craving" sized portion as an appetizer, maybe to split!Lamb Chops: Recommended medium rare to medium. The jerk seasoning graces the tenderness of the quality meat.A selection of fresh bakery treats accompanies every meal with an inspired spread.  A respectable and varied wine list and an admirable selection of beers and a half-dozen or so cocktails of the muddled-over-ice variety. First time visitor? You get a piece of cake! Just ask.  "Pickapeppa"-brand condiments on every table. The chef-inspired creations are of higher quality than you will find at most establishments in Las Vegas. For example, veal with pancetta and gravy over braised greens and pan-fried potatoes on special was a luscious cut with just the right amount of heat. The story of this restaurant is worthy of recognition: a Jamaican-born immigrant growing up in New Mexico with a passion for food partnered with a business-minded shaker-and-mover. If you are looking for something else other than that, something else than an independent restaurateur experience, something for discounts or assembly line or union or blandness, just go somewhere else and leave this underappreciated hard working group of wonderful people to the folks that appreciate them for what they are: a strong contribution to the local Las Vegas community. Good date night experience. Good business meeting experience. Good hang out experience. Good eats. Good drinks.
4	Went for brunch with some friends and the food was great!We had a blast! This feels like an awesome local secret...but clearly the word is getting out! We waited about 90 minutes for our table. From what I ma understanding, this in not uncommon on the weekends.Here is my tip-If you are going for Brunch. Have a tiny snack before you go, or grab something from Starbucks across the plaza. And go with friends that you really want some chat time with! Then it is a perfect Sunday Brunch!I have heard that Dinner is amazing, and not the same scene that Brunch is. That will be my next visit to this awesome, tasty little place!
5	This place is the best! I can't even remember how many times I've been here. The staff is fabulous! You can tell that they are happy to work there. You won't sit through your meal without a few table touches from either your server or the owners. So rare of many restaurants nowadays, so refreshing to see owners care about their product and customers. One of my favorites on their menu is their Truffle mac and cheese with bacon and mushrooms. This side dish blows my mind. The best mac and cheese ever! Please take my word and order it. Their jerk fried calamari is also excellent. All of their desserts are great except for their red velvet cake. It was incredibly dry and disappointing. I'm going to give them the benefit of the doubt that it might have just been a bad day for them. I ordered this at night so it might have been the last piece of a cake that has been out all day. Regardless, it would be unfair to give DW anything but 5 stars.
5	Great cuisine with the service to follow. We enjoyed the Sunday brunch. Tasty mimosas and as a special request I ordered the salmon bowl. Deliciously prepared, usually only on the lunch menu but thankful they made a special order for me. Try it, but get there a bit early, it gets pretty busy but you wont be disappointed.
1	You would have to be able to enjoy extremely spicy food in order to eat here. The majority of the menu is made up of dishes that are covered in a very spicy jerk seasoning, many of which the meats have been marinated in and thus cannot be altered. I've been here numerous times and almost every dish I've tried has been above a 5 on a scale of 1-10 (10 being the spiciest). It's been a year since I've been here prior to tonight and this will have to be my last.  We came tonight because my husband loves spicy food, especially Caribbean spices. So, we thought we would give them another try. Especially since they've maintained such high ratings on yelp. Rare ..and shocking!  The reason why I haven't returned in such a long time is because I found something odd in my burger patty that really grossed me out. But anyways, that happened last year and I never said anything so it's too late now. The reason why I'm giving them a 1-star today is because the food was horrendous! Even my husband hated his dish! I ordered the special fish of the day which was Blackened Cod. The waiter highly suggested it and even noted that it was on the mild side. It was served on top of some veggies that weren't so bad with a sauce on the side which I liked the flavor of but consistency was off. The only thing is my fish came very rare which I did not like at all. I ate a couple bites from the outside but once I cut deeper you can see where it wasn't cooked. I'm not sure if that's how it's supposed to be but it did not sit well with me. I had to send it back which I HATE doing and I almost NEVER do because I don't know what goes on in the kitchen. Sending something back can sometimes send the wrong message to the kitchen staff so I'd rather not take my chances. Some people can take it personally or just be having a bad day so no thank you, I'd rather pay for bad food.  I also don't want them to think I'm complaining for a free meal, that's a bum move. Today, I kindly told our waiter I liked by dish but just wanted the Cod to be cooked a lil' more. He took it back without question. When it came back it was better but still I wasn't enjoying my meal. It ruined our dinner because by the time I got my food my husband and kids were done. To make matters worse my husband hated his dish more than I hated mine so he only ate 1/3 of it because he was starving and left the rest behind. He had the pulled/shredded pork which the description didn't match it very well being that there only chunks of pork on top a rice bowl. We both thought his dish was spicy but had no flavor. Beside the bland kick there was nothing. The dessert was good, per usual, but nothing spectacular. In the end we ended up paying $74 and walking out (my Cod alone was $32). What a rip!Oh! ..and the kids Mac n cheese was so bad my kids didn't even eat it! It had an essence of burnt flavors and some dark specs mixed in with the sauce that seemed as though it was cooked in a pot that was previously burnt and not thoroughly washed. I don't know but my senses are usually on point..
1	I don't see the hype surrounding this place. My friends and coworkers are obsessed so I've had both the lunch and dinner menu and I'm sorry to say the emperor has no clothes. I'm not a picky eater and don't expect perfection, just better than what I'm going to do at home if I'm paying $15+ a dish. For lunch I had the jerk curry chicken bowl. I am a huge curried chicken fan, being of West Indian descent, so I was excited to try this dish. The curry didn't taste like much of anything and the boneless chicken was overcooked and tough. If you make your curried chicken right, the meat should be very tender and infused with the curry flavors. The night after a different group wanted to go for dinner. We had the plantain app, it had chunks of salt in the sauce that took away from the flavor of the cooked plantain.  I shared the garlic chicken on bowties pasta, cornbread, and Mac and cheese with ruffle oil, bacon, and mushroom w my friend. Again, the chicken was tough, though this sauce ok. The cornbread was inedible! Omg I don't even know how it was made to taste like that but it was not good. The mac and cheese, which is a side, was better than the main dish but not a reason for me to return. We also had the red velvet cake which was very pretty to look at but dry AND turned our tongues/mouths red after a few bites from the dye used - I know that's how the red coloration is obtained but I've never been dyed by this type of cake before. Overall it's a cute place to go for people watching and a drink (I didn't have any but again friends raved) but I will not be returning anytime soon nor will I bring visitors. I'll go if friends want to go and hopefully will find a well made dish worth the $14-$22 (not bad if it was good) but otherwise  I will be avoiding this place. I'm very surprised at the food quality here because so many picky people I know love it.. Maybe DW is banking on the majority of people not being familiar with Caribbean cooking and therefore able to get away with mediocre efforts but if you are then you will quickly see through the smoke (of the kitchen?! JK!).
5	Top shelf dining experience for under $100 per couple! Dinner for two...1) App: Plantains with cayenne and honey 2) Dinner: Salmon 3) Dinner: Oxtail4) Dessert: Pumpkin swirl cheesecake 5) Two glasses of wine Total: $90The service is 5-star and the food is exceptional! Great decor and location! If you want great service EVERY time...just ask for Louis! He is the man and never disappoints! Awesome recommendations and always has the meal on the table quickly and efficiently!
4	Wonderful service and even better experience with what was being served. The pumpkin spice goat cheesecake was ridiculously good.
5	Great local spot to get some Caribbean and American food fusion cooking!First, they make some nice fresh ice teas here.  Very refreshing.Onto the food:Grilled plantains with honey - Very tasty, actually sweet and with a kick of spice to it too.Jamaican Jerk Chicken Salad - Awesome!  The salad has a great citrus dressing with the fresh mix of vegetables.  The moist and flavorful jerk chicken is like icing on top of a cake!Butterfish daily special with spicy aioli and fresh vegetables - Butterfish was grilled perfectly and melts in your mouth.  The grilled vegetables and roasted potatoes compliment it well.Vegetable curry with cous cous - The curry is a bit sweet for my taste but that being said it does pair well with the vegetables and cous cous.Chicken bow tie pasta - Overall the dish is pretty good, the best part is the pasta, vegetables, and sauce.  The chicken we had didn't have much flavor, but the pasta sauce helped carry it.Jerk Chicken - The jerk chicken here is great, very moist and flavorful.  It does lean toward the spicier side, but I love spicy dishes so this was a great dish in my opinion.Desserts here are always a joy:Goatcheese Pumpkin cheesecake - At first it worried me that the goat cheese would overpower the pumpkin, it's definitely there but not as strong as you would think.  Pretty good for the most part.Chocolate peanut butter cake - This is pretty awesome!  The peanut butter mousse is great and provides a lighter flavor to match the more dense chocolate cake.  Great taste!Red Velvet cake - This wasn't bad, but a bit on the dry side for my taste when I got it.Carrot Cake - Awesome!  Very flavorful!Chocolate cake - Very decadent, but not bad.  I love chocolate so all those layers of chocolate just gel very well.Service is really good here too, very attentive and they are all friendly.On Sunday they have a popular brunch, typically it's super busy so set aside some time to wait for the brunch.  Occasionally they do themed brunches there too.
4	We came here for a birthday lunch for my friend and it was the perfect place for this get together. My friends had eaten there before, but this was my first time. We ordered a few cocktails, mine was a mimosa. I thought the mimosa was perfectly portioned from sparkling wine to orange juice ratio. We all order salads, they all just looked so delicious that we couldn't pass them up. I ordered the Jerk Ahi Tuna Salad. I love spicy so it was perfect for me. My friend however, ordered the jerk shrimp salad and was wayyy to spicy for her. The only thing that was disappointing was the strong smell of cigarette smoke fuming off our server. This was very off putting! Everything seemed so clean and fresh that that scent sort of ruined it for me whenever he came over. Luckily my friends couldn't smell it, thought they were both sitting towards the window, and me the outside. I would love to come back here for bunch sometime.
3	So I have been here in a while so we decided to head back. So we got seated and we ordered around 4 or 5 entrees and told the waiter we will do family style dining. Ordered the pasta which was really good as usual, also ordered the branzini which was really good, tuna couscous salad also good, fried chicken was not crispy at all it was soggy the taste was good but again missing the crunch. So we are eating and the bus boy just comes and grabs my brothers plate and fork... WTF we are still eating hello!!! So my bro asks for the fork back... So we are about finished now and all of a sudden there is a heavy stench of sewer. It stunk so bad!!! They opened the front doors to get the smell out then it was freezing in the restaurant. The hostess was so cold that she had a scarf around her head and face. We asked the waiter what's up with the smell. He said the AC filters have to be change, but I knew that they were cleaning the grease trap!!!
5	I literally never have a bad time when I come here, can't believe it's taken me so long to write a review! Well I just went here this past weekend for my friends birthday brunch and had the bottomless mimosas (as always) and had an amazing special! Our server (for the life of me can not remember his name) who we have all the time informed us about the daily specials. I ended up choosing the eggs Benedict with filet. HOLY MOLY, the best eggs Benedict I ever had. It was a tad pricey at $25 but the size of the filets were very nice. The steak was cooked to perfection, though the eggs were poached hard and I don't really care for that too much. But still awesome! The staff is so friendly and the owners are so welcoming and make it feel like we are in their own homes. I don't come here as often as I'd like but when I do, it's the highlight of my day.
5	5 stars is not enough!! The food is great! The staff is wonderful!! Perfect place for a business lunch, brunch or just having a great meal with friends!!
4	I like it
5	Although this place is pretty known for their party vibe Sunday funday brunch (where the wait can be hours); I prefer coming on quiet nights. The ambiance and vibe is wonderful. The decor is gorgeous. I love that this restaurant is somewhat tucked away, making it feel like a hidden little treasure. The food is amazing, my favorite being the Jamaican curry chicken bowl...it's very filling so I usually end up with a doggie bag. The complimentary assortment of bread is fantastic. Service has been consistently friendly. I adore this little bistro.
4	Try the Chicken Salad Sandwich. It tastes low calorie and just like your mother used to make it. The restaurant gives a very at home feeling and little appetizers make for a complete picnic.
5	2 words for you: UNLIMITED MIMOSAS! For only $20 too! That said, I don't recommend coming here for brunch if you have to be sober and productive later in the day ;) The staff is great, the food is amazing, and did I mention unlimited mimosas?! Just plan to wait for a table cause their Sunday brunch is really popular-not just for the mimosas but for the atmosphere. Plus it's a local joint run by locals so it has that special flair to it.
5	I absolutely love this place!!The food is delish. Brunch on New years day is PJ themed. So fun and so chill.
5	What can I say that hasn't already been said?Knowing how crazy Brunch can be (DW does not accept reservations on Sunday Brunch) we went around 11am to eat. This turned out to be a perfect time because all the 10am "Brunchers" were on their way out, so we did not have to wait for a table. Shout out to our waiter Nick, who made our experience amazing. He was very attentive and gave great suggestions.  I will not comment on the food, because its pretty amazing! and you can read everyone else's reviews.Nick explained all the sauces on the table, as well as sent us complimentry Carrot Cake for dessert. We were stuffed! but not complaining of course!  Tip: If you're on a budget, ask how much the specials are before you order. My boyfriend ended up getting the special filet breakfast burrito but we did not realize how much it cost until we got the bill. Overall, the experience is great! Can't wait to try DW Bistro for dinner.
