2	I've eaten here before, and it's never been great, but NEVER has it been this bad. The first thing I want to mention, is that I have very little tolerance for heat. As in, their regular salsa that comes with the chips is on the 'just-a-bit-to-warm' side.Started the night with mini-chimis. These were OK texture wise, but a small dip into the sour cream obliterated all pretense of flavor.My Grande Margarita arrived sans alcohol. I didn't order a virgin, but there was either no alcohol in it or so little that there was no sign of buzz on a 6 hour empty stomach.I ordered the Carne Asada, which normally comes with salsa and hatch chilies. I asked for them to hold the hatch, however a few bites into it - when it finally came out -  the intense heat hit me. I rolled back the cheese on top to see a healthy serving of hatch underneath. Yeah, no. Half my virgin Grande Margarita later and the heat finally started to subside. To boot, the steak had been boiled and over cooked. When we informed the waiter, he was very apologetic and removed it from the bill.My partner ordered the white sands chimichunga with a side of hatch. (yeah he's a heat nut) Since it's fried and smothered with sauce, it was fairly obvious that it had been sitting awhile given it's sogginess, lack of temp and the beginnings of film on the cheese.My son's grilled cheese and fries were hot. (painfully hot actually)The waiter was nice but food was poor and service was very slow, which is why I'm listing at 2 stars.If you MUST have Arribas, spend the gas and head to the one in Scottsdale.
3	Nothing was especially bad here, but neither was anything notably good.  I suppose they brought refills of salsa & chips without asking, which was nice.  Portions are rather modest in size, and prices are a little high for what it is (entrees here).  Drink prices were very reasonable though.  Just doesn't have a nice feel to the place, cleanliness and overall vibe.  Feels like a Spring Break party place except the patrons are older.
1	I went here to check it out and have the microbrewed beer, and I'm just glad my stomach still works. They have to have the worst beer I have ever had in my life, and I have had over 190 different bottles of beer. I had the pilsner, and I knew from the start that it was going to be terrible. It came as a cloudy medium dark gold color. Pilsners are supposed to be light gold, clear, and crisp. This was the exact opposite, and I thought of it as a confused hefeweizen.After I mangaged to choke that down, I tried the amber ale. The color was pretty good, so I was hoping this would be better. NEGATIVE. It had no aroma, and when I went to taste it, it tasted just like the pilsner. I had my girlfriend try both the beers too, she also agreed with me. Bottom line, don't ever try the beer there.
4	I like arriba. Huge margarittas and fresh hot chilies. Salsa comes to your table in mild, medium, hot and bean with unlimited chips and salsa refills. Food is good.
4	They give you bean dip with your chips and salsa here and sometimes that is the only reason why I choose to eat here. I heart chips and salsa! I have never had a bad meal here and the fish tacos are really good. After looking at all the other reviews I am obviously the minority when I say I heart Arriba!
5	I dont get the reviews, I love this place. I get the "White Sands Chimi" and its fantastic. Its just the right amount of heat with a great flavor. The food is always very good and I have been going there for years. Try anything with the hatch chilis, thats where the flavor comes from.
1	Ugh. They have some good commercials for this place currently playing. Unfortunately...that's where the "good" stops with this place! Everything was terrible from the service to their food, I think their Diet Coke even tasted horrid. We ordered their Mexican Waffle with ice cream..they actually made Eggo's taste good, which is not saying much. Frost bitten and just ewww. If a 6 yr. old doesnt want dessert...something's wrong with your place. I will NEVER go here again and if this saves even one person from eating here, I feel I've done my job. Do yourself a favor and don't go here, it's disgusting.
5	My in laws, from New Mexico, love this place.Seeing how it is focused on "New Mexican" cuisine, I think that alone says alot.Quite frankly, I liked the food better than most "Mexican" or local restaurants here in Las Cruces - which says something as well.I had the Rio Grande Enchiladas with carne adobada - smothered in queso fundido - it was awesome!No one at the table had a complaint, we had nothing but compliments for the food.  Also, interesting and encouraging side note - the waitress said when she was hired, part of the training was to have the wait staff try ALL dishes on the menu.  Seems like common sense, but not having worked in the industry (unless you count Taco Bell and a sub shop in high school) it seems that many wait staff in many restaurants display an ignorance of the menu that really leaves the customer scratching their head.
3	Once again, we were out and about, my mother-in-law and I, running errands.  Lunch time comes and we are always ready for a bite.  In the mood for Mexican?  Oh yea, I was.  So we headed to Arriba.The server welcomed us with chips, salsa, and warm bean dip.  It was really good.  Gotta love a Mexican restaurant that serves bean dip on the house.Thursday is chimi day.  Buck, ninety-nine for a chimichanga.  Such a deal.  I had mine with the green sauce (mild).  The chicken was shredded and very tender.   It was huge, but I ate the whole thing.   Oink.Great place to grab a quickie meal.
2	Was a bit dissapointed after reading reviews here! I had the fijitas, wife had tacos. Didnt think the inferno  (green hatch chili)was all that hot!!!The Taco meat was not spiced bland. Best part of the meal was the bean dip and chips even the salsa was nothing great!!! At least the beer was cold   ut at 13.00 a pitcher it better be!!!
1	We made a stop here yesterday.  We took our seats at the bar and the bartender was very busy watching soccer on TV.  There were dirty dishes all over the bar.  The a/c was very cold so we moved to the other end of the bar which was much better.  I ordered a beer and my lovely wife had ice tea while we munched on chips that had good flavor.  I looked over the menu and was surprised to see most of the appetizers were priced in the $9-$12 range.  We decided to split the Chicken Quesadilla.  The bartender asked if I would like Sour Cream and Guacamole with it and I responded "yes":The plate came out in about 10 minutes.  The Quesadilla was one flour tortilla folded in half.  That to me is really a half of a Quesadilla not a full one.  Especially for $8.99.  The flavor was okay, nothing special.  We finished eating and asked for the bill.  That was after the bartender pulled himself away from the TV.  I took a look at it and was shocked.  We ordered one draft beer, one ice tea and one Chicken Quesadilla and the bill was $22.89!!!!!    I then realized that the adding Sour Cream and Guacamole added $1.49 and $2.49 respectively.  That is the way they make a $8.99 appetizer turn into a $12.99 appetizer.  I was not impressed with the food of the cleanliness or the service here.  We will not go back here or to the new location in Goodyear when it opens.
1	First mexican food I tried in Arizona it was bland and tasteless! Really, I was extremely disappointed and this place was recommended!!  It was pricey for dinner and so not worth the money, I have to say I may try it again maybe I ordered the wrong thing!!  Lovely atmosphere, friendly staff but husband and I both were disappointed, we both had something different.  I see the commercials and wonder where they were when I was there.  How can you mess up tacos?????
5	Salsa and pollo con queso are my favs! Always Great food and friendly service! Come for their lunch deals before 1130am on the weekdays!
3	Having spent over 10 years in New Mexico I was curious to try this place. First impression... Not a bad lil restaurant. Went to the bar to order some to go lunch. I ordered the Mini New Mexico Enchilada. I requested Red Chile. Bartender was like red sauce? "Um yes please." LOL So I get it home. The food is good. However, just because you use Hatch Chile does not make it authentic. Lil Anitas in the Burque blows this place out of the water. The brewpub I always used to live at, Turtle Mountain... Their New Mexican cuisine kills this place. They use Bueno Chile. So, ya the food is touristy good. I'd go again. However.... Just cuz you make Tex Mex food with Hatch chile, that doesnt make it authentic.
2	We typically love this place, especially on Sundays because kids eat free! However today we walked into a nearly empty restaurant and were told we'd have to wait 10-15 minutes. Obviously they didn't have enough staff to support the number of tables but the hostess was rude and having to wait when the restaurant is empty seems ridiculous. Then our food took forever to arrive.  After about 20  minutes of waiting for our food we were about to leave when it finally arrived.  Everything was ok.  Not bad as the food here is typically pretty good.  Management needs to figure some things out.  I will say our waitress was pretty good.  She checked on us often, apologized several times and was very attentive to our needs.
4	Great green chili, help is usually good. always been pleased
2	The other night my husband and I came for a date night. My husband has always been big on this place but, I haven't. We always leave disappointed, this last time topped it off for me. We were sat and someone came up to us and got our drinks. Okay 20 minutes passes....no drinks. I flag a guy down and tell him and he says oh sorry I'm actually your waiter what do you want to drink. I was calm. Said my drinks  again seeing if he'd apologize. Of course not! So than! I try to say were ready to order and he already stormed off..... Fifteen minutes more we get drinks and I really wanted an appetizer but, didn't want to be there all night and realize i was glad I didn't order, their appetizer prices are entree prices. I believe that a plain cheese crisp was 5-6 bucks! Crazy! I ordered a pollo con Caso or something its similar to valle lunas fundidio.... (says my husband who was waaaay wrong) and asked for carne asada and was charged 3$ extra.. By the time we got it 30 minutes later. It was cold and the meat tasted like hamburger meat! Ewwwwwwww! I got one refill the whole time we were there.not by choice... I  was so upset and thirsty already ticked off I waited another 30 min for my bill! My husband asked for the 99 cent margarita and even pointed it out that the people next to us had it.... And he got a huuuuuuge one and then we told them it wasn't what we ordered and still had to pay for it my husband had two sips maybe because it was strong and he didn't like the taste! I finally had to hunt down the manager...I had to explain the situation....he didn't apologize just brought me my bill,.....didn't even comp us for the crap service food or wait times and we left. Glad to say I didn't tip! No way! Another thing e hostesses shirt was like see through and loose...she didn't leave any room for imagination and their outfits are cheesy anyways! Don't go Here! Pay the extra few bucks at Valle Luna or macayos.......
3	Ok...so its your standard Mexican food with a very nice Mexican atmosphere. I like that they have pictures of all the dishes on the menu...considering I have a hard enough time with the food names. Except Taco...we all know what that is. But here is what I like about the place over others. The service! Our server was super nice and fun and quick and attentive. I told here I was a salsa junkie and she kept me supplied...and I do like their salsa. its fresh made as are the chips. The margaritas are really really huge and very well made. So,,,if you want an inexpensive, a-ok mexican food with exceptional service....I recommend Arriba!
3	We frequent this place and I just have to comment on the service by the manager the last time that I was in. I ordered the White Sands Chimichanga (usually scrumptious) and it wasn't anywhere near the exception that it usually is. For some reason the meat was not that good. We mentioned it to the manager and she was quick to take it off the bill. We weren't expecting that or inquiring for that reason, we were specifically wondering if there was something about it that had changed, which she mentioned that they haven't changed a thing about it. She was exceptional and took it off the bill no questions asked.The food here is always good (minus this instance) and I will continue to go back regardless of my latest experience with the food.Besides, kids eat free on Sundays... hard to beat that!
4	First, I would llike to say that I love spicy food and Arriba's delivers. My favorite is the White Sands Chimichanga which is covered in the best queso fundido sauce I have ever experienced. This dish probably should have 2.5 to 3 peppers next to it to let you know it is spicy. I also like the Hatch Chicken Especial and the Pollo Al Diablo. Yes Diablo means it is muy caliente! Charro beans are great I could make a meal of these with a tortillo to sop up the juice. The rice is fluffy and has good flavor. Although I pour some of thier delicious salsa ove my rice, cuz that's how I like it. The bean dip is also excxellant. I usually fill up on chips, salsa and bean dip and can only eat half my meal, but thats ok, because I get a great lunch the next day. I always have this meal with a Grande Patron Margarita with Grand Mariner floated on top. 2 of these makes a great happy hour anytime of day. My only con would be the Carnitas, great flavor but not much meat.
3	A good choice for Mexican food
2	Today was the 4th or 5th time my wife and I have gone to Arriba's at Arrowhead.  We were excited to find this place because we had lived in Albuquerque for 5 years and had grown to love real New Mexican food and Arriba Mexican Grill is advertised as just that, New Mexican food with real Hatch green chili.  Hatch chili's are so good, they are additive!  I just have to have a chili fix every so often and there's not other New Mexican restaurant around excite this place. The first couple of times we went to Arriba's; it was great, really wonderful.  The food was great, the wait staff was attentive and it was the next best thing to real Albuquerque food you could find in all of Phoenix.  Then it seemed like this place started to take a turn for  the worse.  On our third visit, we were promptly seated but guess what - we sat at our table with menus in hand for 20 minutes!  Seriously, there were only about 12 tables with people and at least 6 wait staff but for some reason, we just never got to place an order.  So, we left and on the way out I told the girl at the check out that no one ever came to take our order but she didn't seem to care.  She must have been having a bad day and it would be easy to see why, evidently this restaurant was without any organization what so ever and she was having to put up with unhappy customers.Well, a few months later, my wife convinced me to to give it another try so we returned and ate the usual stacked enchiladas.  It was OK, but still not as good as that first couple of times we were there.  But today, I am convinced that the Arrowhead store is fast hitting the skids.  I had my usual enchiladas but something was missing.  As I said before, I go there to get my chili fix and today was as good as any for real Hatch green chili.  Normally, the beefy stacked enchiladas are loaded with chili but I guess the cook was having a bad day today - he / she forgot to put any chili's on the enchiladas.  Not putting chili on my enchiladas is like a sin - I would rather be slapped in the face than have the chili left off my Mexican food.  It's like getting a cheeseburger with no cheese (or meat).  It's that serious!When the waiter checked on us, I asked if there was a shortage of Hatch chili this year - of course there wasn't (I was being a smart ass) and I told him my food was bland - no bite or heat to it at all.  I told him that the only difference in their food and any of the other 20,000 Mexican food places in Phoenix is this place was supposed to have green chili and my food was not what I expected.  It was just ordinary Mexican food.  In all fairness, they didn't charge me for my meal and the manager was very nice and said she would talk to the cook about this matter and I believe that she was genuinely sorry.  I will probably go back - it is closer that having to drive to New Mexico but I would suggest that you ask for your chili on the side just to make sure you get your fix.
4	Sunday breakfast!  And it is not jammed packed like every other breakfast place on Sunday morning.  I ordered the green chili with eggs and it even came with pancakes, yum!  Service was great, especially because they were not busy out of their ears and the atmosphere is very casual and very clean.  I enjoyed going and will return again for sure!
5	My fiance is orignally from New Mexico and ever since we've been together (5years) he always always talks about green chiles and how much he misses new mexico style cooking. Me being from California Ive only had mexican food that's been Cali-forni-a-ized, although a year ago my fiance started school in AZ and him and his mom (who also is from new mexico) found this place and fell in love with it.  They told me about it and so on my next trip down to AZ I went and Aye Dios Mio its magnificante! I love! this food, and not only that but their margaritas! WHOA! After eatting a meal like they bring you its hard to finish it. They bring you chips and salasa and BEANS with Green Chilies in it omg the beans are soooo good you forget all about the salsa. The only 1 bad thing was when I went one time and they had $1 margaritas during happy hour they tasted as if they were virgin margaritas, I know sometimes I dont look myy age so I asked the waiter if it was a virgin and he said no, and I said to just take it back and get me a big one then cause the 2 ppl I was with as well as myself didnt taste a drop of alcohol in that thing, But with that being said I still gave 5 stars cause Ill go back anytime!!!
3	Margarita was great! The chips and salsa was good! my husband loved his dinner but I had the fish tacos and for me it was just ok. I  decided to go out of my comfort zone and try something different and this choice I wasnt pleased with..I will go back and try something different but I wasnt so pleased with my choice! The waiter was great and helpful..
4	Tried breakfast here, and was not disappointed. I had   Huevos Rancheros Stacker  Two eggs, green chile and corn tortillas, stacked New Mexican style. Served with beans, country potatoes, two buttermilk pancakes and flour tortillas. And a Strawberry Margarita. Everything was great.
5	This place is one of my favorite Mexican restaurants.  I love that they serve spicy bean dip with their chips and you don't pay extra for it.  I get the same thing every time I go, the White Sands Chimichanga.  It's spicy and tasty.
2	I have given this place a few tries and on my third was the last straw. I don't want to be too harsh...... but this food is just too hard too stomach, no flavor and not fresh, will no eat there again
4	We have been eating at Arriba's for many years. Their style of Mexican food is different from the rest of the restaurants. They claim to be New Mexico style. I am not sure exactly what that means since I have eaten a lot of Mexican food in Albuquerque and it is not like Arriba's. The real difference is Aribba's food is much hotter.They have several dishes with Hatch Chilies in it. This is what I come for. I love Hatch Chile. I used to bring suitcases full of Hatch Chile from Albuquerque, grill them and put them into the freezer. Some times the chilies are a little hot other days it can be really hot.  Much of the time the chile is not that hot even though they will warn you when you order anything with Hatch in it. You can tell when the food enters the mouth just how hot it is going to be. Before the food touches your mouth you get that, this has the best flavor and it has not even hit your tongue yet.  Your next thought is this is going to be painfully hot. Water does not help. Four different times I have had Hatch that was almost to hot to eat. Take a bite, wait 10 min. before taking another. Unbelievably good. Unless you like it hot order something that does not have Hatch in it. They serve corn chips with three sauces. Bean (This can be pretty hot at times), Salsa (This is usually pretty tame), then the hot sauce. It can be pretty hot but not near what the Hatch is. They have daily lunch specials that are very reasonable. Every year they bring Hatch Chili in and roast them for you. Take them home put them in the freezer and when you fix you some soup put in a piece. Very Good. My favorite dish is the Chicken Especial. I am giving them 4 stars. The food deserves 5 stars the service at times is spotty. They seem to go through a lot of waiters and waitresses. Service is about a 2.5. Give them a try! There are several of them around town. I have only been to the one at Arrowhead.
4	Good food. Friendly service.Cant wait to go back! There is a place in PHX that has spicy Mexican food!! WOOHOO!!! The waiter was new and you could tell...actually, there was a few new waiters. I read that they do have a revolving door here. Honestly, who cares as long as I get good service and good food at a great price! Chips and 2 types of salsa when I sat down. The bean and cheese dip is YUMMY! my chimicanga was YUMMY! My drinks were always filled and the waiter didnt overly bug us!This may just be my favorite Mexican food!!!
4	The food was like.... Whoa!   the Long Island Iced Tea is a little on the small side though. I would like to see a "fish bowl" size Long Island next time I go in. service was very good even as busy as it was on a Sunday. I had a GROUPON for it all too!!  for my first time is I would say I'm a fan!!!
2	I have eaten at arriba several times over the last few years and its usually the same.first of all,I don't know how the hostess even still has a job.she's rude,never smiles or says hello when you walk in.she just looks you up and down and says "how many?" In a monotone voice.when its always just me and my boyfriend.what are you blind?then she always no matter what, manages to seat you directly next to the table with screaming kids and babies even when the restaraunt is empty.and she always picks the smallest most cramped 2seater in the house.I understand if it's busy that it's her job to seat according to the flow of the restaraunt,but even when it's dead she does this.we have to ask to switch tables everytime we go there.and no,I have never done anything to piss her off.don't even know her.I just recognize her cuz she's been there forever.anyhow the food is usually pretty good.the bean dip is excellent.the service usually always sucks though.you have to wait forever for drinks and refills even when its not busy.I did actually have 2 good severs there once and was impressed,but usually when I go,I expect bad service.there's even worse service at the bar.I've actually have sat down,got ignored and had to say "hey can I get a drink"again,it was not busy,so no excuse.the bartenders always too busy watching t.v. to acknowledge you.also,most of the servers look like heroin junkies.no lie,missing teeth and everything.no wonder the turnover rate is so high.but I will say the foods not bad.
1	No stars! Walk to the restroom and see the salsa and so called bean dip sitting on the counter with the dirty dishes and other cleaning equipment. I should have left then. Seriously on the cusp of calling the health dept on them.
5	I had been wanting to try Arriba for awhile. I am not a big fan of chain Mexican restaurants. My cousin was in town to assist me while recovering from a surgery. He mentioned he wanted Mexican food. He graduated from the Scottsdale Culinary Institute and is a food snob, so I am VERY careful when I suggest a place. Arriba was in the list of Mexican places when I checked Yelp on my phone. I had been wanting to try Arriba  and so I warned him that I had not been there before. They did not let me down.Chips - Hot when they came to the table (I like my chips served like that!).The hot sauces and beans that come with it were good as well except the tomato based sauce - tastes like canned tomatoes. Luckily they have others to dip the chips in.Ordered some Chili Verde on the side to see if I liked theirs. I did. Very much. Great with the chips too. I had the enchiladas with the three sauces.  Excellent!He had the seafood enchiladas. He loved them. He gave me a portion to try. It was very good.
4	This particular Arriba's is always dark. I have been here twice and the service is good, the chips are addictive and the food is yummy. Although I have never come during happy hour, I hear that there 99 cent margaritas are pretty good. I do know that their steak tacos and very well seasoned and delicious as well as their nachos. So if you are in the area, stop by and try during happy hour. Maybe one day I will finally make it. Also, turn on some lights!!! lol
3	OK...but why are people flocking in here like it's the best Mexican they have ever had?  Maybe it is for them, but I've surely had better.  Ordered the fajitas.  That was an experience:  I don't think I've ever had meat cut into different sizes like that before when I ordered fajitas.They were ok, tho.The hard sour cream that sat in a clump (what happened to soft, creamy sour cream?), the watery guacamole, the sloppy cut fajita meat that needed more spicing and definitely needed a better grade of skirt steak all added up to a big, fat meh from me.Meh.
2	This is my second time here. I thought I'd give em another try. This visit really isn't different than my last one. I ordered a Green Chile cheeseburger. The waiter had to advise me it'll be hot. Lol ok whatever. So I finally get it. The presentation of the food looked half assed. Very sloppy. I take the top portion of bread off... There's hardly any green chile on it. I ask for a side of chile. It shows up. The green chile was hot. Which is good. It tasted straight out of the can tho. Gross. I'm sure they get Hatch food service cans or something. My girlfriends meal wasn't much better. She got The Green Chile Chicken Especial or something to that extent. The presentation of the food was horrid. It was a conglomeration of rice, beans, and cheese. With a little boat of chicken soupy something or other. She said that it was too salty. The food isn't New Mexican. It's Tex Mex style food using Hatch Chile.
1	We were so excited to try this place, and were completely disappointed. The food was the worst Mexican we have ever eaten! My husband had chili colorado, that was dried up beef chunks in a bland sauce that tasted like canned chili. I had fish tacos that were flavorless, and the fish was undercooked and tough. The waiter never even bothered to ask how our food was. We will never go back and do not recommend.
4	We love going to this restaurant for lunch or dinner.  The chips, margaritas and food are Deliciouso'
1	This is my second review of Arriba Mexican Grill in Glendale and I'm sorry to say, this will be my last because I am not going to return to this place again.  Again, the stacked beef enchilada's were void of any flavor at all!  Although the food presented well, I mean, it looked good but my goodness, it was just terrible.  The bland meat was simply browned in a skillet without any flavoring at all and then shoved on to a corn tortilla and then covered with what was supposed to be red chili sauce.   There was supposed to be some of those world famous Hatch green chilies mixed in with the meat as well but again - zip, nothing.When our waiter finally came by I asked for some chili on the side and a beer thinking I could salvage this mess but after a long long wait, still no chili and no beer.  Finally, my wife caught his eye and a few minutes later I had my request on the table but it was no use, this meal was dead. What a disappointment.  I know this restaurant can make pretty good New Mexican food but something has changed at this store - either the manager is cutting corners by saving money on spices or she is just incompetent because this place is capable of better service and better food, I just haven't seen it in a long time.  What a disappointment.  I was anxious to leave this bad experience behind but it wasn't that easy.  No check.  Again, poor service - then at last, after about 15 minutes our AWOL waiter finally shows up with our check and we are at last able to leave our 1/2 eaten meals behind.
5	Arribas is me and my hubbys 'place' :) the staff is friendly, the food is yummy (not authentic Mexican but very delicious), the price is reasonable and the place is clean including their restrooms.
4	OMG! The margaritas are the size of your head. Too bad they're not legally allowed to doggycup the margaritas cause you can't finish it all. Check out their weekday daily specials. They have 99 cent tacos. You have to wait awhile to get in. Thankfully, the outdoor fish pond helps to mesmorize you while you wait. Parking is tight.
5	Excellent New Mexico style food, great hatch green chile.
3	They have a daily special. We came on a Thursday and the special was a Chimichunga for 2.95. When the waitress asked if we wanted rice and beans and o yes how about guacamoli? Well the 2.95 special turned out to be 42.00 with tipfor 4 people. Granted we were remiss in not asking if the extras were included but in a mexican restaurant beans and rice always seemed to be included. Food was good but if you are on a tight budget beware of the daily specials.
3	Love the lunch specials.  The food and service is average.  I don't get all the menu's though.  We went for lunch the other day and we were each given 5 different menus with different items on them-to only find out that we actually had a few were different.  It was confusing and a little ridiculous.
5	I love Arriba Mexican Grill.  I get the White Sands Chimichanga literally every time I eat at Arriba.  The chips and salsas are delicious.  The Pollo Con Queso and Posole are also super tasty.  I go to school in Tucson and every time I come up to Phoenix to visit my family I HAVE to go to Arriba!  Also, since there is no Arriba in Tucson I like that I can purchase jars of Arriba salsa to enjoy while I'm not in Phoenix.  I would definitely recommend that everyone tries Arriba Mexican Grill.
1	I've been to the Scottsdale location and was really impressed, so when some friends from out of state came into town and wanted a good place to eat we decided to take them here. I was horrified afterwards! We had two tables in our party, one table had great service and no issues. Our table however, took over AN HOUR to get our food! The server only came to our table twice in that time to check on our drinks, and said he would discount our ticket but didn't. We told them in advance our table would be on a split check but they put it on one check.The food was also not very good, which added to the frustration of the evening.  One of the guys we were with was completely apalled when he saw the "mandatory gratuity" already added into the check and demanded it be removed because the service was absolutely horrible! I'll drive the 45 minutes to Scottsdale if I ever feel the need to go to Arriba's again.
2	Food was ok, Would of had a better experience if the big black roach wasnt making his way up the wall behind my sister. When we told the waitress about the roach she went and killed it with a napkin and then asked us....that didnt ruin anything for you guys did it???
5	Awesome food!!! Their White Sands Chimichanga is the best!!!The staff is very friendly and professional. Never had any problems with service or the food. The restaurant is clean and a good ambiance!Just ate there tonight with my folks and had excellent food and service...as always!
5	Excellent food and service!! The staff are really friendly and professional. Anything you order is going to be good! Their White Sands chimichanga is awesome!!!!
5	The best Mexican food anywhere!!!!Start off with a trio of salsas and chili bean dip with fresh chips...We have had several entrees and they are all good. Chorizo fundito and shrimp Monterey are off the hook. Mango margi yum like a drink and desert in one, worth every penny! Service was excellent and friendly!
4	Happy hour after 9pm with 99 cent margaritas and half off appetizers is what brought us in to this restaurant after Glendale Glitters.  Waiter was an ass but warmed up to us after a bit. The flaming queso dip was again; not real cheese.  What is it with restaurant trying to pass off processed cheese food with spice and call it queso.  I would much rather pay more for the good stuff than order something like this crap.  The rest of the meals and dishes were great.  Pretty over priced for what we got, but it was tasty.
4	Pretty pricey but consistently good food. The breakfasts on Sunday morning are rather nice and they have a clown that offers balloon animals and face painting for the kiddos. Not the same old mexican food that you will get from other area restaurants, Arriba's serves more New Mexican fare than traditional tex-mex.
4	Some of the best New Mexican food that I've ever tasted. Friendly staff, tasty beer made on premises, and very clean restrooms.
4	The food looked exactly like the photograph and everything tasted great. From the bean dip to man course everything was both pleasing to the eye and pleasing to the belly.  The service was very good as well.  Definitely our go to place for Mexican food.
3	Stopped into this Arriba today for their Wednesday Lunch Special, consisting of a big bowl of substantial, warm tortilla chips, a cup of Salsa Roja, a cup of  warm bean dip and a big platter with a Machaca Taco, Cheese Enchilada, Spanish Rice and Refried Beans.  The background music played too loudly for my taste and the table service was amateurish, but all the food was delicious and fabulously inexpensive at only $4.99 for everything!     :-)
1	Alright, I've been to Arribas before and it was always just "okay". However, this was the worst experience I have had before at any restaurant. I had a QT drink that I brought into the restaurant, not even thinking. Our server was getting off and we would have a new server. As I was in the restroom, I was informed by my friends that the new server tried reaching for my drink really awkwardly and they had no idea what was happening. They told him I was in the RR and would be back shortly. Right when I come out I'm getting bombarded by him telling me I can't have any outside food or drink. He was very flustered and you could tell he didn't really know how to handle the situation. I told him that it wasn't a big deal, handed over the drink and proceeded to sit down. Now, this wasn't the big deal. I felt that this situation was handled in the worst possible way. If this was such a big deal, the manager (who had greeted us and directed us where to sit) should have told me that I could not have the drink. By placing the responsibility and urgency on the server, he in turn got very flustered. I felt bad for the server.We did not order any food and my friend paid for her drink. On our way out I talked to the manager.This was the most unprofessional manager ever. He denied seeing us walk into the store. Would not listen to what I had to say, and turned the story so that it was the servers fault. This manager wouldn't even listen to me or my friends when we explained the situation! Very very horrible customer service. Needless to say, I will never be returning and I will not refer anyone here.P.S. The menu has so many pictures nothing stands out. Everything looked the same and it was a very difficult menu to "read".
5	My favorite Mexican food restaurant. There is one in Goodyear as well but I actually drive out of my way to come to this location (food is better here for some reason). I usually always get the cheese enchilada meal and its always amazing, chips and salsa are so good too (and rather addicting!). Always look forward to eating here :)
2	Nothing special. Unimpressed with the salsa (I've had jarred that is better). The four people in our party tried the Sour Cream Chicken Enchiladas, the Chicken and Beef Enchiladas, the Burrito special, and the Tacos El Carbon. Nothing terrible, but nothing to write home about either. Tasted bland and pre-packaged.
3	Street tacos are not good but salsa and chips are awesome as well as taco salad! Atmosphere is ok and manager was willing to give a replacement meal for the nasty street tacos!
4	99 cent margaritas during happy hour? Sign me up! Sit in the bar whenever you can, service is much better. Hit and miss in the dining area, I've had a few awful servers here, but the food and drinks are so good I can't stay away! Try the machaca and eggs!
4	We have been to Arriba's several times now and yesterday for brunch was really good.  The food is fantastic, waiter friendly.  What made the experience so awesome was even though they forgot the appetizer that my son had ordered but apologized and came out with it pretty fast! We had two different waiters and the second was really up on things.They constantly asked " do you need anything"?Love the fundido sauce and walking out the door they all said "thanks for coming, have a good day".
3	Though the service was pretty good, the food was just alright. The place is pretty dark inside and our table didn't have a light over or near it so we were unable to really see what we were eating. Nothing stood out as being particularly delicious - though I will say the Pozole was pretty good. They're "hatch" style is not as hot as I expected (unless of course you eat the chilis themselves!).Overall just a-ok...
2	Well what can I say.   The food is fair.. I do have a major issue with the service.  There is no excuse for waiters that decide to memorize the order and not write it down.   Of course, the order was messed up.... no appetizer!  No tip!    I did discuss it with the manager upon leaving and he did insure me that it is not store policy and they're suppose to write out.  The manager was nice about it.
1	Do not ever forget to drain the ground beef before you put it on the Mexican pizza!  Attention to detail is imperative when you are running a busy restaurant next to a popular mall and this place missed the mark when we went there.Sorry for the low mark, but I will raise it if someone from the restaurant acknowledge this review, because I know, this could have been an isolated incident.
5	Love love love this place, been going here since they opened!
1	WARNING! PLEASE READ!I was so astonished by how bad the service was here, not to mention the RISK that I made a yelp account just to warn others. Coming from a native New Mexican, I will echo what so many people here giving the one star reviews have said (and if you read on you'll see why), the service... I came here for mine and my girlfriend's one year anniversary. It was suppose to be a special day. We are both originally from New Mexico so the idea of being able to order the food we grew up on sounded great. We were very excited to go here, but that was very short lived... As I walked up there were two girls and one very young boy at the front counter. I saw they had a very nice patio and asked if we could sit out there. They said that it might be a problem, that a party would be coming and when they got there we would be asked to "leave." I found her choice of words very odd and the other girl tried to explain we would have to relocate. I looked at my girlfriend, already with a bad feeling about the place and asked if she wanted to stay, which she did. Now this is when things get important, remember this: I said "I guess we'll eat inside." and the girl replied "Okay, I'll seat you in the bar then." I looked at her crooked and said "Um, no...? Is there a table in the dining room? We don't drink or smoke..." I looked around and the dining room had plenty of tables, not even half full. The girl sighed and grabbed some menus with haste, then took us to the very back, in a gloomy little corner and tossed them down on the table. I was amazed and almost walked out but my girlfriend was still excited some how.I will say, our waiter was very friendly but he was a terrible waiter. It took him well over 10 minutes after my drink ran and me having to actually get up (flagging him down didn't work) and ask him for a refill. About 5 minutes after that, I finally got one, the thing is... There was something INCREDIBLY strange tasting about my drink. It was non alcoholic, a simple glass of water that tasted like swamp water. I gagged and spit it out. The smell of it was FOUL. To add on, the food was VERY mediocre for being in the $10-$15 a plate range. It was very bland and the spices weren't done quite right in my opinion. Again, coming from some one who grew up in New Mexico. The entire time, the manager kept giving us these odd looks, staring us down and making us feel uncomfortable. I thought it was all over, but it wasn't...I had a family member pass through Phoenix and decide to eat here, they told me their story a bit too late however, I should have checked with them first knowing they've been through here. He told me that when he went here on a trip, they insisted on sitting him at the bar because he was alone and were very rude about it. They would not sit him at a table, even though he didn't want alcohol, only food.The place is very poorly managed and that makes me very sad. I wish my great home state was better represented here in the Valley of the Sun. PLEASE BE WARNED, before eating here. You will be treated terribly and who knows what they might do to your food (or drink) if they don't like you.
1	This was the most disappointing experience that I have had as a diner.  Sunday night is "children eat free, with a paid adult entree".   My granddaughter, who is almost eight years old, and I sat for a good ten minutes before the waiter ever said anything to us, and then he only stopped long enough to tell us he was busy...AND he had a bad attitude!  So when he took my order, I asked for two single tacos for the child.  Oh but he could not do THAT! I had to order the child's meal and then order and pay for a second ala carte taco. so, okay, fine...whatever it takes, the only thing she would eat is the two tacos!!!!!! An hour later we were STILL waiting for those two damn tacos, and my simple entree! By this time the waiter's attitude had changed to contrite, and the manager was an ASS.  A second manager, and the waiter were far more conciliatory.  As far as I am concerned bringing a child to Arriba Mexican Grill on a Sunday night is a huge mistake, even if they do offer a "Kids eat free" come on.
1	Pay attention to the poor reviews on here, because they are spot on.Our party of four had an awful experience. For starters the server was not happy to be there and not attentive to our table. There was a problem with the Coke, but he brought us out nasty tasting Cokes anyways. We told him that the Coke was off and he told us that there was a problem with the machine. That left us wondering why he brought us the Cokes when he knew they were bad. It only got worse from there as we waited forever for our food. It was seriously over an hour after we ordered before our food arrived, and when it did it was cold and wasn't made properly. We had to send it back because of that, but when they brought out the food again it seemed like it was the same food that had probably been microwaved as my friend felt the taco shell. It was really gross and we had to speak to the manager as we were not going to eat that. He disappeared on us for awhile, but he finally came back and apologized and removed the bill. We were still disappointed though, because it was a waste of time and we left hungry.
1	HORRIBLE SERVICE!!!! Very very slow and not attentive. Chips were never filled and drink refills came slowly and only when asked. Our waitress disappeared for long stretches at a time. The food was ok but not great. The rice was bland and the kids meals came about five minutes after everyone else.
1	Highly disappointed after insisting we had to go here. Chips were stale and sent back twice. No refill on ice tea. Order was improperly served to table. Taste was way below the standard we are used to there. Our server had a horrible attitude. Spoke to manager on the way out and his response was: what would you like me to so about it? I was floored. Very rude and probably will not return.
2	Stale chips, horrible salsa, bean dip was NOT edible. Two stars for mediocre food, and service. Plus margaritas were good, pitcher of Cuervo gold margaritas. Meals were overpriced, $10.50 for a taco salad, which wasn't very good, $11.50 for two chicken tacos, with 2 slivers of chicken in them. Save your $$ buy some pre-mixed Jose Cuervo mix, warm up some frozen burritos, add some pace and canned refried beans.... That will much taste better!
1	Been a while since we have eaten here.Steak Fajitas not worth $15.49...served luke warm, over cooked  charged for extra tortillas and a few slices of jalapenos...sever Joaquin, ignored us for 15 mins when we arrived and was less than friendly or attentive...won't be back...too bad Arribas use to be much much better...
4	My cousin and I go here whenever she's in town.  I like this place a lot and for their price their portions are enormous.I've often heard other say they have long wait times of 30 mins or so, but my cousin and I have tended to be pretty lucky in the sense that we're always seated the moment we walk in.  I don't recall ever waiting once.  Then again it's always the two of us, I'm sure if we had a big party it would be a longer wait.  And we're also always willing to sit next to the bar or at the bar if it means getting seated faster. Sitting at the bar and eating my food isn't going to kill me, it's not the end of the world.  You can still see the person next to you and hear them talk.I'd suggesting calling by phone and making reservations before leaving your house to drive there.  If the average wait time I see for larger parties is 30 minutes and it takes you 30 minutes to get there, then it should work out just perfectly.I see a lot of negative reviews on here, which it's been 4 months since I've been here but I'm surprised if it went down hill that quickly.  For now I'll still say I'll go back when my cousin is in town next month.  Perhaps I'll update my rating then.
1	Mexican food , aimed at white people who aren't familiar with real Mexican cooking. And the prices have increased , or at least it feels like it's gone up.
1	We went here today around 5 o'clock on a Saturday. There were six adults and three children. The chips (some soggy) were cold and uneventful. The bean dip and salsa - complementary, we just okay.  The tea was okay. The margaritas that my friend had was lacking in flavor and booze. The Shirley temples were sort of flat and just okay.  The crispy cheese crisp was alright. The cheese just sort of reminds me of melted candle wax. There's nothing special or flavorful about any of the cheese. Chicken taco was bland and boring, boiled chicken, with no flavor. The beef taco was okay. The food was not hot. It came out just warm. The refried beans were just alright. One of our friends had the fried ice cream. The picture on the menu makes it look really big. But in reality it's very small.We liked going to the Arriba on Camelback, and we were expecting good service and pretty flavorful food like we get there. This Arriba was very bland and unsatisfying. I will avoid the place. Maybe the Camelback one is still good. But this one just tastes like boxed macaroni and cheese. Everything had pretty much no flavor.
2	I am only giving an extra star cause our waitress was very friendly and helpful but I was not happy with the food. The plates came out super hot like couldn't touch hot but the food was lukewarm. And I also didn't like that we ordered our food and a few minutes later it was brought to the table like it was sitting under a lamp or something. I will definitely not be back here again.
1	If I could give this place negative stars I would. If you want a bean burrito definitely do not order the Sierra Mixed burrito.  Though it says it contains beans, it does not. Set scene: five seconds after we sat down with our faces buried in menus our waiter Joaquin asks if we are ready to order. My friend tells him no, this is our first time here so we need a few minutes. He explains that the spicy dishes have one, two or three peppers next to them to signify the levels of heat (duh). So he leaves for a while, comes back and takes our order. We got the chimichanga plate, taco salad, kids bean and cheese burrito and the Sierra mixed burrito. For the chimichanga we were asked red or green sauce and for the Sierra mixed burrito we were asked red or green chile. So about a half hour later (mind you this was 8pm on a Tuesday, not busy at all) we get our plates. The salad was good, the chimichanga was meh, the kid seemed to like her bean and cheese burrito but when my friend took a bite of the Sierra mixed burrito a look of pure disgust fell upon her face. She opened the burrito and what appeared to be wet canned alpo covered in red sauce fell onto the plate. No beans. Just "beef". Now I realize many may recognize chile as meat but all the other burrito type  items on the menu clearly state chicken beef or pork. Also as I mentioned we told the waiter we had never been there before so he could have specified that the burrito is nothing like the menu describes (no beans). When he came to check on us my friend said umm did I read this wrong, it has meat and no beans???  This is where Joaquin's customer service skills really shined. He laughed and said well I asked you if you wanted red chile or green chile. Then he told us this happens all the time and it clearly states on the menu your choice of meat. Well, the menu also clearly states that it comes with beans and that isn't the case. "Sierra Mixed Burrito- giant soft flour tortilla stuffed with beans and your choice of red or green chile. Served with rice and your choice of beans". Lies. No mention of alpo at all. Here's a thought Arriba, maybe if this happens all the time you should change your verbiage on the menu instead of insulting and arguing with your customers. So my friend sent the burrito back and opted not to get anything else. Joaquin ignored us for the duration of our stay until he brought us our check after we had been sitting there not eating for about 20 minutes. We flagged down the manager because we didn't know if we were suppose to pay up front or at the table. At that point the manager was apologetic about the burrito but still argued that the menu is clear on what it contains (no beans). Obviously the manager knew about the burrito incident but at no point decided to come to our table and see if there was anything he could do. All in all this place sucks. We are new to Glendale and were looking for an authentic Mexican restaurant like they have in Salem, Oregon (props La Hacienda). So to sum it up, if you want shitty service and mystery menu items you should definitely go to Arribas. Otherwise go to Chili's, it's way better.
2	Fish taco included a sardine sized piece of fish a lots of Cole slaw and pico. Two obviously production tortilla to finish the taco. Two tbs.  Beans. Good margarita s though.
1	I used to enjoy coming here. But man, what happened? Did management change, because everything was awful. The host was rude. Our server Brian had attitude and didn't seem to care about our needs. The food was meh. My friend ordered a house margarita and it tasted like pure rubbing alcohol. So she sent it back and said she didn't want a different margarita. The manager came over and tried to get her to buy the more expensive margarita because it would taste better. I'm sorry, but shouldn't the manager just bring her a complimentary margarita because she was unhappy with her previous one? He lingered longer trying to get her to buy one. The waiter didn't notice our drinks needed to be refilled, so we had to keep reminding him. I ordered some spicy chicken tacos-- the chicken tasted like it had been marinated in Frank's Hot Sauce, yuck! I also asked the manager to put the chicken in corn tortillas instead of the flour tortillas. They charged $2 for doing that!!! What the heck! I've never experienced that. My friends enjoyed their food though. No one was friendly and the manager just seemed clueless. I won't ever be going back.
5	I haven't been to this location in about a year, but last time I was here the food was da bomb! The spicy beans are beyond delicious. I always get the cheese enchiladas with rice and beans. Queso fundido is delicious. Pretty good Mexican food to say it's not California or Mexico who has the best Mexican food around. I will give them credit, it's not TEX MEX...still confused about what that even means? LOL
1	Okay let's see where shall I begin... lol. I haven't been here in years bc of the lack of quality in their servers and food so we decided to give them another whirl why I do not know!! Our server her perfume stunk so bad I wanted to leave my chicken chimi. Never again will I be back!
3	The food here is mediocre at best. The frozen margaritas on happy hour won't even give you a slight buzz. I had the avocado chicken soup with sour cream. Sour cream was lumpy and smelled bad. Chicken tasted undercooked. The dos Equis was the best part about this place.. Oh and the waiter was super friendly and attentive. If I had to rate him alone I would give him 5 stars. 2 stars for the food and margaritas. 5 stars for the cold beer and waiter! Makes it a 3 star..
2	When we entered the wait staff was sitting in the entry and we stood there for awhile before we were even acknowledged. They did not even say HI. We were seated and again no notice we were there from anyone. About five minutes and the waiter dropped off stale chips, salsa, and bean dip at the table. We ordered water (DO NOT ORDER) even with lime it was awful. The food was average. I do not think we will be back.
1	A pick up with many items missing.  Including tortillas for tortillas for fajitas.  Would of been excellent but couldn't drive all the way back for tortillas n sour cream defeats reason we had it pick up
3	Mmmm... Our food was delicious. Service on a Saturday night on the other hand was a little slow. But understandable because it was busy. With the guacamole we ordered we had a total of 4 dips and it was hard to choose which was best. They we all great. My husband preferred the spicy bean dip, but I'm sure I'll regret that choice later. I got the hatch chile relleno and it was pretty spicy but tasty. I highly recommend this restaurant. I'm sure we will be going back.
1	Garbage! Don't waste your time or money. Went on a week night with out 4 year old daughter and got sat right by the bar, drunks were everywhere, 2 at the bar and 2 tables near us. Staff was rude and not helpful. Spoke to the manager who was even worse, apparently our bad experience was our fault.  Food was the worst I've ever had, check took forever to come, my husband was in the service industry and I manage a retail store and I realize that people have off/bad days but this was the entire establishment. We have over the years lived off of tips and NEVER have not left a tip. Our server did not get a tip, I tried to explain the reason to the manager who could care less. Buy a frozen meal at Winco and save your sanity
1	Was a big fan until yesterday. Hot sauce used to be the best, now just tasted like tomato sauce. Food was awful, they're only excuse was that they are training new chefs. Sadly, we will not go back.
1	I used to visit this location years ago and always liked the food. Today was the first time I'd been there in years and will be the last. We ordered the mixed burrito which was okay. Also ordered the kids beef taco and it was extremely greasy, give you a stomach ache greasy. My daughter also disliked the beans. Not to mention the worst service, our server checked on us once. He didn't even refill our waters. Needless to say we won't be back.
3	I've heard nothing but good things about this place but I didn't think it was great. The food was delicious, I ordered New Mexico enchiladas with an egg. However, the service was horrible. We waited a good 10 minutes before someone came to get our DRINK order.  And I had to wait a few more minutes for them to refill my drink.
1	If I could give 0 stars I would. After making a reservation for 2:30 we were told they were busy and we would have to wait for a table. We were offered a table in the dining room but were told it would still be a small wait, we wanted to watch the playoffs so asked how much longer if we split into the two open booths. The general manager Allyson Howell then stepped in and said there would be a wait do to the big party just sat. I asked how long she said 10min, we said that's fine we would wait. We were sat about 10min later. The server came to one table but not our other. After waiting awhile we asked to talk to the manager which was Allyson Howell. We said we had been waiting and she said, I told her (pointing to me sitting at the other table) that there would be a wait. I replied yes a wait to be seated not to be served. That clearly made her upset and she said back I told you you would be waiting. I once again stated why did you seat us then. She then said if you like you can leave. Really? I'm being asked to leave because you are backed up? Mind you I am there with my sister and brother in law, our 3 kids, and my husband. My sister said to her is this really how you are treating your customers as the manager? She said all of you get up and leave now. So now I ask for a refund of a gift card I purchased for the prior week. She refused and said we must leave restaurant. At this point she left to the back of the restaurant. I had asked to speak to her again since our party had left. The server said she would not come back out or give us her managers name. My sister and I eat here every Monday. When I call to order to go the employees know my name by what I order, this is how often we come here and have never been treated this way!
