4	I second bob r.'s assessment. This place is a super family restaurant - really casual atmosphere. Humongous Calzones, and of course the kids loved the pizzas. I recommend trying their 'White Pizzas' Dee-lish!One thing I really look for when going out is good service and Florindino's was superb, our server was friendly, happy and really took care of my kids - With service like this and good eats on top of that (and a fair selection of adult beverages) This is definitely going to be put on our 'regular' list.
5	I work less than a block from this place and go here all the time.  The food is good and there is always plenty of it...  A very nice local watering-hole and family restaurant.  The lunch specials are the best.  I can eat till stuffed and get out the door for less than $10.  The lunch specials are popular, so there can be a wait to be seated.  I love the baked spaghetti here so much that my wife and I had this catered for our rehearsal dinner.  We fed 35 people for less than $300, and everyone really enjoyed the food.I HIGHLY recommend this place.
3	The patrons here look like they are all on the same bowling league. Now before you think I'm being snotty, there's something very comforting about a blue collar, good food, family restaurant.I've had the baked spaghetti and it's delicious. The wine selection isn't very good, but they serve cold beer.I would recommend this place for a lazy week night dinner.
4	It's a small place, kinda crowded, but not in a bad way. Best calzones in town! Service is usually good and the prices are very reasonable.
4	Casual atmosphere, quality food, friendly staff, decently speedy service.I first came here when I was in high school and it was great even then.  Now, it is a frequent work lunch spot.  It's slightly small and generally packed and lunch time, but waits are never horribly long.Your typical menu of pastas, salads, subs, but the thing they're famous for is their monster calzones.  SERIOUSLY, you must come here and try one.  The crust is lovely, the fillings are always flavorful.  And they are just HUGE!So do yourself a favor and bring your friends.  This isn't the place you'd take your significant other, because it's lacking in atmosphere.  But if your main objective is to chow down on calzone, you'll be satisfied.
5	The cheese and the pepperoni on my mini pizza glisten, taunting me to dive in. I scarf down my pizza in a matter of minutes and rub my belly, thinking, 'I'll have to do a few more crunches tonight but it was well worth it.'This is the usual battle I have when I go to Chandler's Floridino's for lunch with the gang where it's always a struggle to avoid the calzone, which is seriously the best calzone I've ever had in my life.  Floridino's is one of my favorite lunchtime destinations because the service is good and the pizza is dyn-O-mite. And you can get a  mini pizza and a drink for under $5 during lunch time. Lunch doesn't get any better than this.
4	Comfort food at some of its best. Portions are huge for the price you're paying, and the calzones are absolutely monstrous. If you can actually eat a whole calzone by yourself, you're a hungrier man than I.There isn't a whole lot of seating, so consider takeout if you're in a hurry to eat or need to feed a particularly large group.
5	I have to say, its so nice to find what I consider, a great family resturant.   They have a great menu selection, and the atmosphere is relaxed and warm. Great family dining.Being that its an italian resturant, I feel that they serve all of the great traditional italian food, with out the "chain resturant" feel.   Calzones, Pasta, pizza, salads, etc.  Great full menu, with lots of selection!  They also seem to have quite a variety of wine to choose from as well!!  I love it!Now mind you, I only had a greek salad when I was here, so my experience with eating off the menu was limited, but it was tasty, none the less.  Its a great casual enviroment, and the resturant seems to be well kept and clean.  Warm, friendly staff members, with a lovely atmosphere.
5	Decided to try this place based on Yelpers reviews.  I've lived by it for almost 10 years, driving by it on a very regular basis yet never venturing in.  Oh stupid, stupid me.  How many years I have wasted ...We went at 5:30 on a Saturday night and did not have to wait for a table, although it picked up slightly by the time we were leaving.  Service was fast and friendly.  On my first visit I tried a white calzone (with eggplant) on recommendation by a neighbor.  It was FABULOUS and, as all others have said, HUGE.  I had to take 2/3rds home (which I reheated and devoured the next day).  My 6 year old son, who is a very picky eater especially at restaurants, did not order his usual pizza or spaghetti, he decided on the pasta alfredo with chicken ... and after two bites declared he wanted to eat dinner there every night.  He too took 1/2 home.After speaking with another neighbor who raved about their pizza muffins, we decided to give them a try.  I called in an order to take out.  The bonehead kid I spoke to on the phone (who is probably a junior college football player) told me he could eat 6 or 7 of these things, so I ordered a dozen and a half not realizing that they were about the size of a Ring Ding.  Basically they take a ham, ground beef and sausage pizza, roll it like a jellyroll and slice it up and bake it like cinnamon rolls.  They serve them with marinara on the side for dipping.  However, my son ate one and my husband ate 4, leaving me with 11 pizza muffins.  Thankfully they reheat very well.  This is definitely a new favorite.  Soooo yummy!Did I fail to mention the prices are GREAT???  Amazing lunch specials and the kids menu prices are also fantastic.  And 1/2 dozen pizza muffins are less than $4.00 ... that's a great dinner!We will be back again very soon ... and on a regular basis thereafter.  After all, I need to make up for lost time ...
5	I'd give this place 4.8 stars, but only because there is nothing special about the atmosphere, it's really plain.  Other than that it's perfect.  The only thing I've ever ordered there is the calzones, because they are amazing.  I've heard from others that everything is great though, especially the pizza muffins and the bazooki dessert.  Being a calzone fan, whenever I go to a restaurant that has calzones, that's what I will get.  Floridinos' calzones tie for rank number one currently, and I've had calzones from about 10 different restaurants.  These ones are really big!  This time I got a ham, pineapple, and ricotta calzone.  I can usually tell the food is great when I close my eyes while eating it because it is so good.  My friends say it looks like I am making out with my food.  The service was great and quick, I was surprised at how quickly they brought our meals out, and I was in a group of 8 (That said, it was around closing time so they had less customers and probably wanted to get rid of us...something that can be advantageous at most restaurants).  Also, they have a lot more space as they recently added 2 good-sized rooms.  You can't beat the prices here either.  I got my 3-topping giant calzone for less than 8 bucks I think.  A very friendly and attentive wait staff.Insider's Tip: They have some amazing lunch specials, Mon-Fri, 11-2.  The best is a 2-item calzone with a drink, only $5.75.
2	I must've come here on a bad day considering all of the other glowing reviews. I've got two things to say about this place: a) It's very affordable.b) Up until I visited this place, I thought pizza was like sex. That is, there's no such thing as bad sex. Well, the Floridino's pizza just kinda laid there.I should probably try it again, even though my first visit was underwhelming. One more minor note, this place also has a full bar and it's the first thing you see when you walk into the place. Not sure why that survey question has been answered differently by every other user.
5	This is, as far as I'm aware, THE casual Italian place in Chandler. There's been more than one occasion where myself and a group of friends can't decide what to eat, and have gone here by default. We all get calzones (which are a bit greasy, my only complaint), which are always huge and hot. There are plenty of choice for the stuffing, so everyone gets something they like. They've just expanded to add a new dining area, which was good since before we'd occasionally have to wait (gasp!) for a few minutes to seated. So no, don't go here if you want fine wine and fancy Italian dining. But do go here otherwise.
3	Been here about five or six times.  OK food. OK service. No Italian beers on tap and not that many in the bottle.  OK atmosphere.  Just wish they would replace the worn out padding in the booths. Wouldn't hurt to adjust the booth lighting so you didn't feel like you were the guest of honor at a KGB interrogation.  My wife loves that giant cookie and ice cream dessert thing.  It's an old stand by kind of place that you can count on for a good meal with decent service.  They do a good business here and are busy everytime I drive by.
4	I usually get the food here takeout, and have only eaten in once.The pizza is very good, and better than what you'd get form a delivery place.  The calzones are gigantic, and well worth the calories. The white pizza is one of my favorites, but don't sleep on the red sauce pies either. The pepperoni is great, tho every once in a while it has a bit too much sauce.
4	If you know of a better chicken ceasar salad, then please let me know, because Floridino's makes my favorite.  One of these, and a couple of their pizza muffins, and I'm a happy boy.I also love their thin crust pizza.  And talk about affordable lunch specials!
2	First of all, I've never lived or been to NYC so my review might not be helpful at all to the ultimate pizza lovers.  I usually like Papa Johns or Round Table Pizza so that should tell you my lack of expertise on pizza.  Now, if you still want my review, here it is...it wasn't my favorite.  Would we go back? Probably, NO.  If you want good Italian, try Vincitorio's.*Shrimp Scampi Pizza......yeah...no, it definitely wasn't for me...it was more like hardened pasta and tiny, pre-cooked shrimp on bread.*Calzone - pretty good.*Decor - I'm definitely not used to the "authentic NY" style....
2	Popped in the other day.  My wife ordered the spaghetti and meatballs, and I got me a chicken caesar salad.  Where to begin?Lets start with portion size.  We weren't looking for some hefty size portion, but if this was for a grown man, they would have laughed and said thanks for the sampler.  The meatballs were pretty small too, and probably came from a restaurant supply house.The sauce tasted exactly like they opened up a can of crushed tomatoes and heated it up.  Very bland, no flavor or visible herbs/seasonings.  I'm not a gambler, but I would bet this was a purchased sauce... and being a family owned business, this was quite unexpected.My salad came out quick... too quick.  My chicken wasn't hot.  It had been sitting around a while.  That made a big difference in taste.  In my opinion, Floridino's has a great chicken caesar salad... BUT only if you get fresh chicken.  Specifically ASK for fresh and hot chicken!  I will.As we walked out, I noticed a boxing gym in the same strip mall area.  I gots ta check that out.
4	Driving into the packed parking lot, I knew I was in for a treat. And even though the place was jam-packed AND had some private party going on, everything was great.Being new, I asked the server -- and my dining companion -- for a recommendation. First impressions count! I received the calzone, which was as massive as advertised. Then again, all calzones are pretty massive. Now, it's hard to screw up a calzone. These guys don't go for fancy. Good bread, normal ingredients and sauce on the side. It was delicious. My dining companion ordered something strange called "pizza muffins", I think. Very odd. Very tasty.I ate half my calzone and took it to go. My kid ate it the next day and wants to know where I got it. But he took my leftovers. So until he pays his own way, I just may hold that information from him.
5	Yummy Italian. Inexpensive.  Not too much seating though. Pizza rolls & calzones are awesome!! Would be a great place for lunch too!!
5	LOL I must have been in a food euphoria when I wrote this as I referred to my "husband" whom I was already separated from and divorcing ... weird.In any event, I've been back several times since and am addicted to their amazing baked spaghetti with meat sauce.  Always take 1/2 home but it is soooooo fantastic especially with their garlic "bread" which is basically pizza crust.  I love this place!
5	Great food, good service and a very affordable lunch. I would recommend the lunch special calzone.
1	Wow. I'm not even going to wait until I'm done before leaving a review. I just placed my order, 30 minutes after sitting down.11:35 - Sit at a table for 8 an order drinks. So far so good.11:39 - Things were going alright when we had a table of 8, but when a few more people showed up to attempt to give Floridino's some money in return for a quick lunch, all hell broke loose.11:41 - There was a room next to us with a bunch of empty tables. "You can't sit in there. We don't have a server in there." Screw it, we picked up our drinks and moved in. If they can serve us at that table, they can serve us one table over in this other room.11:45 - We asked to see the manager.11:50 - "We can get you drinks in here, but not food. We have to wait for a table to open up out there. Then we can serve you."11:52 - Someone who looks like a manager peeks into the room and leaves. We still haven't spoken to a manager...11:55 - "We don't want to overwhelm the kitchen." (Hmm.. If you didn't want to "overwhelm" the kitchen, maybe you should have taken my order 20+ minutes ago...)12:05 - They're taking our food orders in the Forbidden Room. I guess they're not as allergic to accepting our money as they led us to believe.12:32 - Just received my food in the Forbidden Room. Pretty much exactly an hour after I got here.You suck, Floridino's.
3	Some times life happens at you get more patrons than you can handle.  How you deal with it speaks volumes about your establishment.  Unfortuantely Floridino's just fails in dealing with a crowd.  If you have more than 4 people in your party look elsewhere.  The food is however very good.
4	Good food- okay service ( depending on server)- great portions ( except lunch menu). I have introduced some friends to this little eatery and they have all loved the :-pizza muffins-calzones-lasagnathose are definitely the best as the other dishes are just okay. All in all- for the reasonable prices and great tasting italtion foods...it worth the calories and the savory bites!
4	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):8 Food8 Service8 Atmosphere10 ValueOnly been for lunch, but the lunch calzone is suhweeeet!
5	Mmmmm Floridinos! The calzone is the most amazing thing on the menu and I have yet to find a comparable calzone anywhere else.  In fact, I ate the whole thing and then felt so guilty that I had hike up to Siphon's Draw the next morning.  Fair trade off, I'd say!Our group of 4 also enjoyed pizza muffins and salads, and all left happy and full.  A great, local pizza joint!
4	Floridino's is one of my go-to places in Chandler. I've always received quick and friendly service, and their prices are great. I took one star off of my review because their sandwiches aren't very good, but that won't stop me from coming back and ordering other items off of the menu. Their breadsticks are a must-have!
1	Average quality, barely, and lacking in taste and originality. The chains, which I'm no fan of, beat this place easily. There were a lot of families here... they must have cheap kids menu or something.
4	Ordered the calzone lunch special. Wow! It was big! It even came with a soda with free refills.Crispy crust and just the right amount of cheeses and sauce. Yum! Definitely a good deal.
3	Extremely average. I was a little disappointed based on the yelp reviews.I just got a small pizza to go for lunch and here are my overriding impressions:-The pie itself was incredibly underwhelming. It could have been something from my old university cafeteria. Really greasy, cheese that slides off the base crust, and a decidedly rubbery crust.-Located in a strip mall in a part of town that time seems to have passed by. This isn't necessarily a bad thing, but the theme is continued inside the restaurant. Just uninspired.-Understaffed... maybe. I stopped in at 2pm, and there only seemed to be one person serving the entire dining area. That said, he helped me as quickly as could be reasonably expected.Now, it's true, the prices are pretty good. AND I didn't try the calzones which so many here have raved about. In any case, I'm not motivated to return here any time soon.
5	Fast service! If you want to grab some fantastic food like a calzone or pasta and have limited time! This is the perfect place for you! People with 30min to an hour for lunch it's perfect! They also have my favorite local brew SanTan brewing co sunspot gold, goes well with the calzone! Scotty, two to beem up! Yummy!
5	Had another Great Quick meal here. The calazone with mushrooms' olives & ricotta Cheese. Delicious! As luck would have it they were also televising the EPL Arsenal Vs. Tottenham Hotspur match. I lingered here alittle while longer to watch. While enjoying the game, I had a few good blonde ales from a great local brewery and really enjoyed my calazone. This is a nice little local place to eat great food on the go and enjoy a few surprises as well. Cheers!
3	Was busy but very quick service. The crust on the calzone was great but the inside was just average. Had the deluxe with four meats.
4	Giving it a 4 stars cuz I fell in love with the pizza muffins.  Yeah I said it  I love these things that remind me of a really good cinnamon roll  only made with pizza dough and toppings.  Yummy..  Our waiter was very nice and our food was delivered in a timely manner.  The salads looked good, didn't order one and it's a good thing.  I was stuffed after eating half of my calzone.  Yeah they are pretty big.  Hubby got the ziti with meatball and he really liked it.  Better then our other favorite place that's just up the street from here.  My calzone had a lot of mozzarella cheese but very little ricotta but the fresh tomato and spinach made up for that.  The red sauce wasn't the most spectacular I ever eaten.  Next time I might try it inside my calzone and see how I like.
3	Try the pizza muffins.  They were awesome.  Other than that, I can't say much else about the restaurant.  It is very low key and has a lot of customers from the neighborhood.  This is a good place to knock down a few beers and grab some snacks (i.e. pizza muffins) after work.
3	Because of my Chinese background, I've had a lack of some serious food initiations... ie.  I never tasted a Pop-Tart til college, and I never had pizza rolls until here.This is one of those restaurants the local neighborhood likes to eat at, and if you aren't a local, you'd only swing by b/c there is something you extremely like.  We are definitely the latter and this is our order for 2 people:  1.  Pizza rolls (comes w/ ham & sausage... a sliced up calzone w/ less chesse)2.  Antipasto Salad3.  More pizza rolls for taking home ...
4	This restaurant is in my "hood" and I had heard good things about the pizza muffins so I had to give it a try. It was busy on a Friday night but we only waiting about 10 mins for our table.  The servers were on top of things as far as I could see.  Our server was at out table in two seconds taking drink orders.  Since it was our first time there I wanted to look over the menu.  He gave us sufficient time and then he was back, took our order, and salad and breadsticks for my daughter arrived in about 5 mins.  The pizza muffins were right behind........ahhhh....these are like crack to me.  I'm instantly addicted!  Little wheels of pizza dough with chesse and ham, fresh and hot and gooey.  YUM!!!!  I should have just made a meal off the pizza muffins but I had to try the pizza.  My daughter had a Jr. Pizza with her favorite topping, black olives.  She gave it a big thumbs up.I tried one with sausage, salami and mushrooms.  The dough was soft, cooked to perfection and has a nice flavor.  The toppings were generous.  It was good and I took the rest home.  It seems as thought everyone there were regulars, locals.  The service was fast and friendly. I thought the prices were very resonable. When we were ready to leave my daughter needed a to go cup for the rest of her drink.  Our server kindly obliged and brought her a to go cup.....filled with more of her drink!  We will be back!  I'm sure I will be craving pizza muffins very soon!!
4	When I saw pizza muffins mentioned in other yelpers reviews I had to check it out for myself.The boyfriend and I headed to Floridino's for a late lunch on Sunday. It didn't take us long with the menu because we were there for one thing - pizza muffins of course! We ordered a half dozen and a caesar salad.The food came very quickly but when the server put down the muffins I was surprised. While they looked great, they did not look like muffins. I was expecting a popover type thing. This was more of a pizza roll cut into slices. But like I said, they looked good so we dug in. Each slice is loaded with cheese, sausage and ham and it's served with marinara and ranch for dipping. They had a good flavor and were very filling.The chicken caesar salad was good too. Lots of chicken and croutons, which I like. We got the small and it was plenty for two people.In the end our bill came to $10!! (We didn't have drinks) Only $10 for real? Awesome! There aren't many places that aren't fast food where two people can get full for $10. What a killer deal.
4	Pizza Muffins! If you go here, order a dozen. They're pinwheels of ham, sausage and cheesy goodness! You wont be disappointed. TRUST!
4	Tasty pizza- lunch size 7" pizza and a drink was only $4.25.  Service was extremely efficient- great for lunchtime.  Very busy om a Friday afternoon.  You can add a small salad for only $1.50.
4	Good food, cheap, family owned.Not much atmosphere, but the food and the prices make up for it.
2	I heard good things about this place. We picked it up for dinner one night. I had meat raviolis. Tasted just like Chef Boy r D from a can. Yuck.
4	I had a HUGE Meat Calzone with a Coke. Price was reasonable.
2	Stopped into Floridino's for lunch with 3 other friends today. I've been here a few times in the past, and today I wanted to try something other than the pasta. We were put on the list for a 20 minute wait, which I thought was reasonable, as the place seemed pretty packed for lunch. No biggie.Got our seats easily within the quoted time, and sat down and ordered a round. We got our beers very quickly, and also were brought waters without asking, which was nice. Our waiter did not seem like he brought his "A" game, or even his "B" game today, as placing our order seemed forced and uncomfortable. We waited about 15 minutes for our food, which I think was pretty normal, as there were three calzones, and one sandwich. The food was fantastic, and when we asked for more marinara, the waiter brought us some right away.When the check came, the waiter simply dropped off what looked like the check and immediately left. About 5 minutes later he came back and we asked for him to split the check. He took the check over to the bartender, and had the bartender split it, which I thought was rather strange, and looked very upset about having to split the check. Another 5 minutes, and we got the separate checks back. I got up to get my own box while waiting for the checks because who knows how much longer it would have been.Food - Fantastic. The calzone was amazing. And more than I could finish.Price - Very reasonable. With tip it was $12 for a calzone and a beer.Service - Bad. It seemed as though either the waiter hadn't waited tables before, or just really hated us for showing up. I'm giving two stars based on service. I could easily see giving 4 stars with a good waiter.
4	Two words: huge calzones. Okay one more word: cheap! This place is good quality neighborhood Italian food.  I have heard the lunch specials are great too. I did try the pizza rolls - they're awesome but definitely not the healthiest.Its been busy every time I've stopped in to pick up my order. Have never dined in. According to other reviews the bar is friendly.
5	Best calzone around.  Great lunch menu.  Able to support large groups well.  This is a locally owned community friendly restaurant.  Did I mention the calzone?  Nom. Nom. Nom.  Awesome to see fixes to large group service.  Have had multiple large groups on busiest times recently and the service has been FLAWLESS!
4	My first choice for a "way-homer" pizza.  (That's a pizza I pick up on my way home from work.) Since Floridino's is in my neck of the woods, I will call ahead before I start my commute home, order my usual (double pepperoni, mushrooms and sausage), and swing by to pick up my pipin' fresh pie.Have always been pleased with the quality of the pizza here, in particular, the crust. This pizza works best when slightly reheated in the microwave. The crust retains that perfect chew.Judging from other Yelper's reviews, I should stop by and dine-in sometime. The pasta and the pizza muffins look worth the visit.
3	In regards to pizza, this place is a solid 3.  I'd rate them a bit higher if they had delivery, but they don't.  It's probably the second best buffalo chicken pizza in the Chandler area(Rush Street is #1).  Their side salads are probably some of the best side salads you'll find at a pizza place.Overall, good size pizza for a good price.
5	The food here is great and they have several reasonable lunch specials.  RIght around $5 gets you a drink and personal pizza.  Service is good and if you sit at the counter, you can bet that Mike or Chris will be there to greet you.  I would definitely recommend going here.
5	I love this place. They have delicious pizza, pasta, and beer.  I don't know what they put in their pizza muffins, but the thi
5	The pizza muffins are to die for :)
3	I went here on high recommendation... I was told that I would want to move from Scottsdale to Chandler to be closer to this restaurant. Well... I am not moving. I did enjoy it though.First off, I ranked this place a 3, but it's very nearly a 4. My only issue was the grease. Their food is greasy. It's tasty, but greasy. We ordered a small pizza, famous breadsticks with cheese, and baked spaghetti. The baked spaghetti was supposed to be the best thing I've ever eaten. It was good. The breadsticks were good - it would've been nice had we known the baked spaghetti came with breadsticks - we wouldn't have ordered a separate side.The table was filled with mounds of bread and cheese. We ended up needing 2 or 3 to-go boxes. I had to soak up grease with napkins. The peperoni was flavorful though. The pizza was delicious. It wasn't the best I've ever had, but it was good. Nothing was bad about this place - it's very much an authentic classic pizza joint. The place was clean (didn't check out the bathroom though) and smelled of pizza. The staff was nice (though they forgot the meat sauce we ordered with our pasta). If you live in the area, it's a solid choice. If I lived nearby, it would be on rotation. I won't be going out of my way to eat here, but I will eat here again. Nearly a 4 star rating here. I only wish I didn't feel like I just ate a lump of fat and washed it down with a glass full of grease.
4	Ordered for pick up.  I tried a white pizza which I enjoyed and a pepperoni for the kids. Pepperoni was a little greasy looking but a lil dab of the napkin and it's just fine. Besides it's pepperoni theres bound to be some grease.This place was very busy when I stopped by that night. Looked like a great place to go to with a friend to have a beer n watch the game or even to bring the family and friends out for dinner.
4	Grew up just a few blocks away from this place and never went in.  Don't let the outside fool you!  Tasty, family-friendly pizza joint.  Seems to be a family running it.  Food was above average and the service was great.  Even the pretty picky stepdaughter enjoyed it!We went for plain cheese because my New Yorker husband always has to start with a plain cheese "pie."Give it a try!
4	There's a reason why this place is jammed pack every single day at lunch.  They simply have fantastic specials - they offer very large portions at incredible prices.  Last time, I was there, I think I ended up getting two slices of pizza and a drink for less than 5 dollars.Recommended!
4	if you are looking for fine dinning italian and like speciality pizzas or creation, this place would prob be just a 3.  if however you are looking for a good italian place to have a pizza, a calzone or some nicely cooked wings, this is the place for you.They have giant calzones.  come for lunch for their lunch special, a two toppings of you choice calzone and a drink for like 6.25 :)  Had their pizza and its pretty good too, it does not taste like a chain pizza like dominos and papa johns.  freshly made with good ingredients so its hard to mess it up :)if you come here expecting olive garden, u will be pleasantly suprised.  if you come here expecting chain store food, u will be impressed.  I think because they get so crowded at lunch, it kind of makes it impossible for them to keep food and reuse them/ reheat it, and the ingredients will always be fresh and not sitting in the fridge for so long.so, dun expect this to be a palce to move to chandler to, its not that great, but its very good enough to make your choice to move to chandler bearable and adds variety to your choice of places to eat over in the chandler area.
5	After discovering this homey restaurant i fell in love with it and cant eat there often enough! Their pizza muffins are to die for and the service isnt just regular ole service, they make you feel like your part of the gang!
4	This evening we decided to embark in to a local take out adventure. My wife and I had an incling for Italian. About a mile away from our home in Chandler we are always driving by Floridino's. We decided to give it a try.My wife had the raviolis with meat sauce and I ordered the baked spaghetti and asked that they add a chicken cutlet into the bake. I also asked if they had any good appetizers for us to share, the gentleman on the phone recommended there pizza biscuits so I figured I'd give them a try. The cheese raviolis were tasty and the meat sauce was rich. My chicken spaghetti bake was very cheesy. The chicken was a 3+, not garbage but could have been a bit moister. I was very impressed with the pizza biscuits; they were very greasy but thats probably why they were so good.Overall we were really impressed with the food and the order was prepared in about 15 minutes. I definitely plan on including this place in our everyday choices of regulars we enjoy.
4	We have driven by here numerous times and always see a somewhat FULL Parking lot,, We decided to try this place out.. Figured 1. Get pizza, if they can do pizza right,, we come back..Wife got Egg Plant Parmigiana.. Service Excellent, Wait time for food, Great, not too quick, but not too long.The Food: Pizza was fresh, and the bottom had a light Crunch which i like.. I often put pizza on a frying pan to get that crunch with left overs.. Not the best pizza by far, but in the top 5 i would say for Chandler..Egg Plant Parmigiana, Wife loved it, and has ideas on making her own version... Egg Plant isn't really one of my choice plates, so i wont say yay or nay..Prices were a little high, close to what you would pay at Olive Garden, Red Lobster (not that i go there), or similar places.. for the variety, i will come back, but if i just want pizza, the budget will decide, and for these prices, i will easily go to NELLO's instead..Great restaurant,... I would recommend but be specific on the expectations.
4	Great lunch, go early very busy.
4	Ate the Deluxe Calzone and it was delicious, not to mention big. Prices are very reasonable. I plan to go back.
5	I thought I had a find, but look at all the prior reviews!   I just don't understand why they aren't all fives.   Maybe because this is a family style place and not a yelpie-yuppie date night joint.I live too far away to visit regularly and have only been the once.  The wife, kids and grandkids all loved our varied orders and the pizza is outstanding with a just-right hint of yeast.If gas prices ever come down again I will be making special trips to this place.
5	Hands down the best manicotti in the valley and for more than fair price. If not in the mood for pizza or pasta the oven baked, open faced, super steak sandwich is absolute spectacular!!!
5	Our family has been going here for years!  Kids love the calzones.  They taste great and they are HUGE!  I love the Pizza Muffins.  Great family atmosphere and the service has always been very good.  Great food at affordable prices!
5	This place is like a time warp. You know in E.T. when they go out, how dated and weirdly old timey everything looks? That's how this place looks. Certainly not a place to go when you have to impress someone, as it is clearly meant to be a comfy family-style restaurant. But I am a family style kind of gal so this place was right up my alley. The food is tasty, plentiful and affordable. We had the greek salad, large pizza with green peppers, and manicotti with meat sauce. The greek salad was your standard greek salad, kind of overpriced for how much you got and I would likely pass on salad next time. The pizza was huge and delicious though, and I was pleasantly surprised to see that instead of little strips of green bell pepper, they finely diced the peppers so you get pepper in every bite. A slightly floppy, awesome NY style pizza. The manicotti was very rich and heavy and far too much for one person to eat on their own - I should have known better, considering it was stuffed to the gills with an awesome cheese mixture. The meat sauce was flavorful and had a bright tomato and fennel taste. Service is fast and efficient (though leaning on the perfunctory side). The restaurant is clean with a dive-y kind of atmosphere, but I wouldn't have it any other way. You really get the feeling that you are in a well-loved neighborhood spot.
4	Today we had a going away luncheon for a coworker at Floridino's. Most of us ordered off of the luncheon menu. For around $7 the items were a great value. Even though they were slammed at lunch time and we had a large group, we had excellent service. I had the two item calzone with sausage and ricotta. It was just ok. I just thought it was dry and didn't have a lot of taste. On a previous visit i had the Pizza Muffins. They were awesome! I would highly recommend those instead of the calzone.
5	This is one of my favorite Italian places! The prices are right, the food is oh so good, and the service is great!  I usually order the pizza muffins as an appetizer and get a white pizza calzone... yum!  If there is room leftover the desserts are fun too!
5	Great place! And cheap!
2	The guys from work and I used to come here quite often.  They used to be super busy and the past couple times they haven't been as busy.  They also changed something up in their recipe (different cheese I think) and it wasn't for the better.  To be honest,  it's not a place I will frequent too often based on their recipe change.  They still have great service and great prices though. Hope they revert to the old recipe whatever it was. It used to be a winner.
5	Love the calzones
4	As everyone else said the calzones are great!  Gets busy during lunch, but they seem to be used to it.  $7 for a calzone and a drink is a great price too.
4	Good food
4	What's OK:  I don't go to places like this for lasagna, pasta, or your typical generic Italian dishes.  They are usually a waste of an order 90% of the time anyway, and Floridino's is no different.  Those dishes are just fine.  The pizza is... OK.  Sandwiches... not bad.  The good here is value.  The prices are what they should be when you go out somewhere and order a plate of spaghetti.But you aren't going to order that anyway, right?  What you need to get is an antipasto salad, some pizza muffins, and absolutely a calzone.  I'm not coming here without getting a calzone, they are great.  Combine that with the reasonable prices and locally-owned, family friendly atmosphere and I'm a fan.
4	The BF and I went here tonight and it was AWESOME!!! This place is a cute little family restaurant that has comforting food for extremely inexpensive. We shared an individual salad, which was fresh and had an abundance of cucumbers and tomatoes...also, the house italian dressing was very tasty. We got an order of breadsticks, which were good, nothing wonderful, but something I would get again. Then we shared a calzone with pepperoni and ricotta cheese that was very good. The calzone crust was golden and delicious and the sauce was also very good. But you wanna know the best part? Our very filling dinner cost 12$. That's right. 12$. That is crazy ridiculous! We will definitely be back here... this may be our new go to pizza place, so hooray for that!
4	I've been here a few times and its just ok for me.  My mom calls this joint "the white head place" because its chock full of seniors. But if you qualify for the senior discount and you have your coupon for buy one get one that is pretty awesome. Adjust expectations to just ok and you will not be disappointed. The service is good, its clean, the food comes relatively quickly. I'll continue to come here.
3	Yummy pizza! Their portions are a bit small for the price, but it usually tastes pretty good. Can't wait to try their breakfast menu soon!
3	I was a pretty big fan of the pizza muffins, the pizza was decent but not outstanding.
3	I was there last night for a group event and in the plus column there's the service, the huge private room and the service. On the minus side was the bathroom. I'd rather the bathroom smell of clean because it's clean than reek of aerosol deodorizer because it's not.I can't say much about the food as we only had the choices provided, which were good. Someday I'll have to try the calzone everyone raves about.
4	The pizza muffins are fantastic - get those and an antipasta salad with a glass of wine and you will be happy!!!  The antipasta salad has lots of vegi's, salami, cheese, and a fantastic italian dressing.  The pizza muffins are rolled up pizza dough, sausage or ham, cheese, and they give you 2 dipping sauces with them.  The pizza and pasta are also good at Florindino's.  Great mom and pop family local Italian restaurant that you must try.
3	Good prices, decent food. It should be noted on the menu that there is meat in the pizza muffins, but it is not. As a vegetarian, this would have been vital information to know. My calzone was alright, nothing special, but I might return for a pizza. Will update when I return.
5	Every meal that I have had from this restaurant has been fantastic. However, it is no exaggeration to say that I'm absolutely addicted to the pepperoni pizza muffins! I would eat them over pizza any day from any restaurant. Although it does make me sad, it probably is a good thing for my waistline that I now live on the west side of town!
3	After reading multiple Yelp reviews on this business, I decided to come here for the greatest hits: Pizza muffins, Calzones and Antipasto salad.I thought the pizza muffins were interesting and a great alternative to bread sticks or garlic bread. They were loaded with TONS of sausage and ham and came with 2 different dipping sauces. Although a little greasy and re-heated, I appreciated the novelty factor.On to the entrees, the small Antipasto salad (5.99) was absolutely filling for a one person meal. I didn't find it any different from any Antipasto salad I have tried before, but I think people love it for the dressing - which had flavor but A LOT of oil (more than half of the total dressing). The ingredients were fresh but there is nothing out of this world about iceberg lettuce and dry mozzarella. The calzone was larger than a newborn baby and hotter than Phoenix in the summertime. Although the corners are mostly (if not all) bread the taste was very good and overloaded with tasty insides. The spinach ham combo my friend ordered was pretty satisfying and this meal could easily be split in 2 for tasty leftovers... if you can stop eating.I found the teenage staff to be friendly and cheery but the bathroom needs massive help. Only one stall and really unpleasant smells, the female employee who had just left the bathroom as I entered left wet paper towels on the handles of both exit doors... covering the entire area for me to hold on to and pull. Just.... disgusting, especially from an employee who should be trying to keep the establishment clean and good looking.All in all, good but not great. Its pretty affordable so if this is your price range, I think you can make it work and still have a tasty meal.
3	It's a pretty mellow and middle of the road Italian resturant, it's not great but not bad either. Server was nice and the food (basic spagetti) was good. Atmosphere is definitely family friendly but a little loud for my tastes. Good middle of the road spot. I'd recommend it as a family outing that's not nearly as expensive as Olive Garden.
5	Steady. Good food. Great prices.I have had many calzones and they have been detrimental to my health.If I were to choose one to end my life, I'd choose Floridinos.Not that it's unhealthy, it's just my lifestyle. Don't judge, I like flavor and flavor is not salad.
4	great prices and we really enjoyed the pizza muffins.
4	I really like this place. The food is consistent and high quality, and the prices and service are excellent. They are often busy and the actual restaurant decor, etc. is nothing special, but you are there for the food, right?
5	Great food and great service. I eat their pizza muffins on a weekly basis. They are great when served with their ranch sauce. Yum
5	This is my place for great thin crust NY style pizza. Fast, cheap and super yummy. My whole family loves this place. We usualy get a cheese pie and a sausage pie. Both are 18'' $13 for the cheese pie and an extra two dollars for the extra topping. We get our pizza here every Friday.
4	This is not my first review of Floridino's.I was very close to never eating here again after being served "understuffed" calzones 3x in a row.  The outside corners contained nothing the last three times I dined there.The saving grace for this restaurant is the Pizza Muffins.  They are excellent.  The pizzas are really good as well.  I'll stick with one of those two when I go there.  My daughters love this place, so I can't avoid going there.  I gave an extra star just because my kids love their food.Step your game up, Floridino's!  Do some quality control with your calzones!
5	Here we go again.... well it started with as an office party as do many of these places we go too.  So we were in a rush for lunch (only have an hour and the bosses were eating too).  The staff nice and friendly very helpful and had some pretty good jokes at times.  We were a party of 10 and we all want our food and drinks FAST, and FAST is what we got... This place ROCKS... food was very good and the portions were HUGE, they have these little pizza rolls that are made like cinnamon rolls they were really tasty... I always order the Calzones because I can't even finish one and there really good.  The food came out Hot and fresh and fast as can be.  3 different folks helped to bring it out, so that we could all enjoy our meal together.  5 stars...  I would have given them a 6 if there was one.  Oh and did I mention, we all paid separately and that was not a problem for this guy he was knocking us out.Clean, descent parking, friendly staff and good food ... "fa-get about it""Emoneyblue Approved"
5	If I didn't live 20 minutes away, I'd be here at least once a week rather than twice a year. Excellent food the cheese is marvelous.  I dream about it. Calzones and baked spaghetti with meat sauce is the best I've ever had. Not to mention the prices, under 10$ !!!!!! The service, is okay because they"re so busy busting there chops. Good atmosphere. People aren't there to judge but to EAT!
4	A new date night spot! Me and my husband were looking for a good Italian restaurant besides Olive Garden and we were VERY happy we found Floridino's. We ordered the breadsticks with cheese and they were some of the best I've ever had. For our entree's we both ordered calzones and like a previous reviewer, we too thought they were "understuffed" but still very good. The prices are reasonable and the staff is friendly. We'll definitely try them again and hope our calzone's are a little more stuffed next time!
4	Solid mom and pop Italian restaurant!!
5	My favorite pizza joint! Great lasagna.. Salads, breadsticks, and top notch desserts
4	Kids eat free on Wed. We usually go on Wed, therefore. They are often packed at dinnertime.At first, I had a hard time finding something I liked--I didn't like the pizza, and I didn't like the fact that the salad was full of iceberg lettuce. I finally found my favorite--their alfredo pasta primavera with chicken. My hubby and son like the pizzas, and my friend loves the meatball subs. I haven't tried a calzone here, but I hear they are good. The bread that comes with the pasta is wonderful, as long as it's not cooked too long. We mostly get great and friendly service here, and they have coupons in various places. Found one in a Mexican free newspaper that my hubby got. Found others on the Chandler town calendar you can get at the library or parks and rec. Other good things--our 1yr old likes tomatoes, and they let us order just tomatoes for him. We've never been charged extra for a bowl of cut-up tomatoes for him.  AND the cookie sundae? mmmmm...fantastic. Baked chocolate-chip cookie w/ vanilla ice cream and whipped cream and chocolate sauce on top, to share.Also, there are TVs with sports on scattered throughout, as well as at the bar area (where you can also sit and eat).Something to improve on: often they forget to ask if we need a high-chair or booster seat; then we have to ask and I feel like I'm imposing because they are always so swamped.
4	So much food for the price. Great variety of Italian food, salads, pizza. The atmosphere is very family friendly, although they do have a bar seating area. Very friendly staff
5	Total fan for life.My car battery died en route to pick up an order I placed, and it was well after Floridino's closed when AAA completed my roadside assistance. I sped over there to see if they'd still be open so I could at least apologize in person, and lo and behold, my order was still there, AND they remade it since my fiance called to update them what was going on. Superb service, food was awesome when we finally sat down to eat. We ordered a small side salad (I think they upgraded me, another kudos),  a half dozen pepperoni pizza muffins and a calzone. The pizza rolls were buttery, just enough cheese and a great chew, and the GINORMOUS  calzone was inhaled in 1 sitting by my fiance. Take it from an angry, pizza lovin' New Yorker, this is yummy stuff with outstanding service. Support your local joints, come visit Floridino's!
4	Now this is the real deal of a local pizza joint with flavor.  Another review stated the calzone is not completely filled with stuffing at each corner, that is still true..a lot of wasted space and I don't care to eat simply cooked dough.  I too most likely will refrain from this menu item, but all else, well you cant go wrong and for my military buddies they have a military discount.I'll be back...
5	The boyfriend and I wanted pizza for dinner, and a quick Yelp search showed a highly-rated pizza place practically across the street...there wasn't even a second thought.  And we were not disappointed!  We had a margherita pizza and coke, and got out of there full and happy for less than $15.  Service was good; they weren't very busy and the server was attentive and available.  The restaurant had a good "pizza joint" vibe.  The banquet room off to the side looks like it would be a great area for large groups or parties.  There was a lot more on the menu I'd like to try, everything looked great.  Definitely going back!
5	I forgive their crowdedness always because it's so good. Last night my child's school had a fundraiser there (read: damn good excuse to go back) and since it's less than a mile from her school, we rocked it after I picked her up. Pizza muffins are always the thing ordered no matter the group, and I love that they have at least one local San Tan Brewery beer on tap mostly always, and it was only $2 a pint! When I go, I always get the Calzone. The two item calzone is how I roll and I am a traditional ricotta kinda guy; they sure do load it up, so I always order that. If we have 2+ people we like to also get the antipasto salad, which is always made fresh and tasty with ingredients that seem to be picked daily. Tonight my daughter had the ravioli from the full children's menu and her mother said it was quite tasty, too. Unless you have a large party for the party room, there's usually a well worth it wait, but last night we noticed they're remodeling so I bet they're adding more seating through a previously sealed off area. Go team!
3	This was my first time eating at Floridino's. Since it was my first time I just ordered the Spaghetti and meatballs. I have to say that the taste of the food was very decent, though I have had better. But the portions are on the small side. My wife is 5 ft 3 in and weighs 98 lbs. The portion was enough for her, but I am 6 ft 2 inches and I could have eaten double what was served.The meatballs are about the size of golfballs and you only get 2 of them, the taste was again decent. All in all the food is good, they just need to serve larger portions. I am not sure i would eat there again due to the lack of value on the portions. Really, how expensive is pasta?
5	Floridino's has many good attributes, including their service, their location, and their innovative dishes. The servers engage us and show real interest without sacrificing speed or quality. Floridino's is located in a low traffic strip mall so there is plenty of extra parking spots for when they are crowded. I have never experienced a time where I drove around searching for a parking spot. I simply pull into the lot and can find a parking space that is widely available. Floridino's has two delicious and unique dishes: calzone and pizza muffins. The first are the Pizza Muffins, an appetizer better described as pizza rolls. Bits of sausage, ham and cheese are rolled up in fresh-baked pizza dough and paired with a side of pizza sauce. The other must-have menu item is the calzone, which ranks among the best, and probably biggest, in the entire Valley. Out of any venue in Arizona, I believe Floridino's does an excellent job at being a one of a kind, Mom and Pop's restaurant.
2	Just an average restaurant. With the exception of the baked spaghetti, which is fabulous, the food is not very good. Pizza is tasteless because the dough is unsalted. Salads are watery and mostly iceberg lettuce. Decor is plain. Looks like the interior of a diner more than that of an Italian restaurant. Service is good, although nothing special.
5	So their customer service isn't an A+... their food makes up for it. I am talking taste-bud explosion! If you have not tried a Floridinos Pizza Muffin you have not lived, my friends. Long-Live the Pizza Muffin!!!!!!!
4	The pepperoni muffins are magical!
4	First and foremost the food was good and the wait staff friendly. This was my first time here so I went with a couple of menu items that received raves on Yelp, the pizza muffins and pizza. I was a little disappointed in the pizza muffins, maybe because of all the hype I was expecting something that could not be achieved by a pizza muffin. It was good, but not a must have good. You might want to order these for small children as their dinner, or order them before you leave so you could pack them in the kids lunch for school. The pizza, a large special, was one of the better pizzas that I have had. It actual had dimension; one might say layers of flavor. This will be one of the pizzas that I will start ordering instead of delivery because the place is so close.The restaurant was casual and very open and was just a little too loud for my liking. It was very busy when I went at 7pm on a Sunday. Take a suggestion from me, and use the takeout.
5	I've been going to Floridino's for a few years, but I wasn't a huge-huge fan until they started making buffalo chicken pizza muffins. They're wonderful. Now I understand why my family dragged me back so often. The pizza muffins are great. Floridino's has good salads and decent pastas, but the pizza muffins are to die for.
4	I've been back a couple of times recently since my last review.  They've raised their price slightly on the lunch special, but the calzones have been much better.  Whatever they changed originally, must have been corrected.  Still a great dine-in lunch for the price and the service is still very good.
5	Two words: Pizza Muffins.This was one of the first restaurant I tried in Arizona when I came out to school.  As I'm from Chicago, I'm semi-critical on Italian food. Floridino's is simply to die for.  Good for broke students on a budget, you can get 6 pizza muffins and a side salad for $6. I've had some of the pasta there too and it's delicious.  Definitely check it out!
1	I'm going to be honest here.  This is my third terrible experience this week eatting out. And this is one of my FAVORITE places. Its one of the few great locally owned restaurants that has diet coke. The baked spag and pizza muffins are amazing. 2 of my all time favorite foods that I can only get here.  But I feel the need to report a problem.  This is the second time this has happened sour cucumbers in the salad. I know I'm a pain in the ass  because I always ask for extra.  And the service is great in this place. One of the best in the city. But this is the second time this has happened.  Once I can understand but twice.  There is simply no excuse.  And too top it off tonight our eggplant was raw. I know it was busy and accidents happen but the cucumber thing really angers me its gonna be a long time until I go back. I feel very guilty giving this place one star but I'm upset.
4	Definitely try the pizza muffins! The interior reminds me more of a family restaurant, say like a Denny's, rather than an Italian restaurant.
4	I love this place. Always fairly busy. I can't resist the pizza muffins, and now they have a few new types I need to try.Usually get pizza , so I can't vouch for much else. Very nice non chain place.
4	I went here and had a wonderful calzone and cookie covered in ice cream!The calzone was huge.  The place was clean and family oriented with plenty of space between tables.  It was great for a group dinner!Service was good.  Will definitely return.
3	Good simple American Italian food. Prices are great. Service is pretty fast. Avoid Wednesday night as it's Lowery organ test night. Loud old-time music. Not sure why.
5	I grew up in Chandler and have been going to Floridino's since I was 8. I always loved it, but now that I have a family of my own -I appreciate it even more. I've been to all the italian chains and they don't compare to this neighborhood joint. Can't get better pizza anywhere. Their pasta dishes are so satisfying, but the pizza is my favorite! Addicted to their spumoni ice cream and their cookie dessert. We're a family of four and we eat like little pigs for under $30 bucks :) that includes dessert and we always take home pizza!
5	Just got back from lunch after church on Sunday. It tells you something when the place is packed and people are waiting outside.This place is a gem in a fast food world populated primarily by chains serving the same ol' stuff. This is a legitimate neighborhood eatery churning out food not found anywhere else...yahoo for diversity.This was my 3rd time back and I had never tried the pizza muffins and decided to give them a shot. Oh baby, an order of those and a salad is a GREAT meal! Unfortunately I ordered a calzone to split with my wife....too much food! But, was it ever good!Everything has that handmade, mom and pop look ...and taste...to it which is delightful.I may even go back for Senior night if I can find one of the BOGO coupons out there.Definately a place to put on your dining experience list. Highest praise!
5	Excellent food and prices! The lunch specials are fantastic. All the employees are super fun and give your experience and comfortable, familiar feel. I love eating here!
5	This place is Chandler best kept secret...but the word is out!  You might wait an hour on a weekend if you don't get there early...but it's worth the wait!  We love to come here for lunch or breakfast...the staff is great, the food is out of this world!  You have to try their pizza muffins!  Our favorite is the buffalo chicken ones and we love their Greek salad, but everything on the menu is amazing!  For desert, they have the Italian cookie, although they call it something else, but it's so yummy and the prices are great!  We love this place!  It's one of the few places our whole family can agree on...
5	Floridino's has really good food! I usually enjoy the ravioli with Alfredo sauce and it is awesome. The owner used to be a customer of mine at my old job and was always so nice and friendly.
4	The margherita pizza was delish!! My friend had the pizza muffins with jalapenos, YUM!  Nice family place but we went with friends and stayed for two hours, didn't feel rushed at all.  I will definitely eat there again!
2	This is the second time I have gone and Will be my last. Now I am sure that there is discrimination..... They see you waiting and serve others, they ask you to take a seat and you just sit there,  everything in spurts, one by one...waiter does not stop to acknowledge, just dropped off food and kept going. Had to wait for check. I am Mexican.
5	The pizza rolls at this place are absolutely to die for. I live in Seattle, every time I visit my boyfriend in Chandler we make at least one stop here. We usually create our own dozen with bacon, ham, and pineapple.110% recommend.
4	This a review for the location on Guadalupe and Baseline.  It doesn't seem to be on Yelp.  Anyway YUM!  The second we walked in my mouth watered it smelled so good.  We were sat down immediately and the service was great.  The salad was eh but edible.  The pizza muffins were divine!  We ordered six and they brought 8 which is always fun.  We devoured them with the yummy Bruschetta type sauce that came with it.  In addition we got cheese ravioli with meat sauce and chicken fettuccini alfredo and breadsticks.  The breadsticks were good though a little dry for my taste.  But in general  YUM YUM YUM!!!  The best Italian I have had in the Gilbert/Mesa/Chandler/Tempe/Awatukee area by far!
4	Good Italian. great fresh pizza sauce and dough! me and the wife order the sauce and the dough by itself on occasion cause it's so good and only 3 bucks! then we add our favorite quality ingredients. we love it here, and visit occasionally.The good things that Floridinos does is that they have some good fresh food: bread, pizza, sauces, pastaSome not so fresh things we stay away from seems to be the chicken in any form, it tastes good, it's edible, just not fresh. Have not tried it all the food but you'll figure out your likings if you go here regularly. You notice that a lot of things are just heated up in the oven when ordered making food a bit soggy and pasta a bit dry and crunchyThe customer service here is awesome! Smart people, nice, quick, you name it. Service is great.To go orders ate great here to. I love getting orders to go all the time
4	Great pizza, with fast delivery.
3	Started off with OK service the waiter we had was pretty rude and inappropriate. Other than that the food was really good my husband and I both ordered calzones (which were enough to fill up four people). I would recommend going to this place for fast Italian food but not the service.
5	My family and friends and I have been eating here for a long time!  This place is never a let down.  The food is top notch, the service is excellent, and the employee's treat you like family.I have never had a substandard meal nor bad service.  You don't want to miss the Pizza Muffins.  Honorable mention goes to the Deluxe Calzone and the Antipasto Salad.  The pizza is really good too!
5	Great prices and great food!   This is definitely a place I would go back to.
1	Well my daughter and I went in for lunch. We arrived at 2:13pm. We were seated and the table was not too clean. The hostess came over and asked for our drink order. I asked which lunch specials came with a drink she then informed me that the lunch specials were over at two.  I told her I thought the lunch specials lasted till four. I asked her if they would honor the lunch specials since it was only 13 minutes after two and was told no. I explained to her that I would leave if I didn't get the special, She shrugged as if she didn't care and we walked out. The sad part is that I eat at this place three maybe four times a month. The food is great and the staff is always friendly. I'm really disappointed. I hope they were happy that Wendy's got my $16 for lunch.
5	I miss your pizza muffins and I miss your calzone's.  Great place to slip in to watch the game.  I miss you.
4	I've never had a bad experience at this place, and I've been coming here for over 10 years now. As you've already read, the pizza muffins are AWESOME and the calzones are huge. Great atmosphere and great prices. Also have a small bar if you're trying to catch the game.
1	I had the regular spaghetti with marinara and meatballs. And the meatballs were good with the sauce but the sauce alone with the noodles was HORRIBLE the marinara sauce tasted like packaged ketchup from in n out! If I were you I would just order the Alfredo like this old man was raving about in the restaurant or have the famous baked spaghetti but I've had way better! I'm never going there again customers were giving me weird looks... So overall my experience at this restaurant was uncomfortable and the food tasted like a frozen meal cooked in a microwave! Do not eat here!!!! I'd rather eat a gas station mexican breakfast burrito
5	This place is absolutely amazing and family friendly. For any new customer, I recommend the pizza muffins!!
4	My family LOVES thsi place! It's the only place my husband will get pizza from. We often do take out. Orders are ready in about 20 minutes or so. Pizza Muffins are AWESOME and so are the Calzones!  Great atmosphere when dining in as ewll. Definately recommend it to others!
5	The more that I frequent this place for my love of the pizza muffin, the better experiences I have had. Perhaps someone was just having a bad day? Either way.... pizza muffins mmmmmmm....... 'nuff said. :)
5	We eat lunch here at least once a week. This place is always crazy busy and that's because everything is delish! Take a friend and split a deluxe calzone and a spicy chicken salad. Everyone raves about pizza muffins and they are great too. I don't know anyone who has had anything they didn't like. Prices are really reasonable too.
4	Try the pepperoni muffins and custom calzones.
5	My wife is from Chandler and every time we come out here to visit her family I always look forward to grabbing a calzone here. Also can't forget about the pizza rolls for the drive back to San Diego. I'm hooked to both of  them so much I've never really tried anything else. Anyways, highly recommend the pizza rolls!
4	A very homy place, really a pride of Chandler. Nice and accommodating service crew from the moment you step in to the time you finish your meal.Two signature food you must try: the calzone and the pizza muffins, there is a third one and it is already inclusive with the two orders and i'm talking about their marinara sauce which is just a bomb of greatness. As you try these flour-based items, take the time to taste the richness of their fresh baked bread, yeah, it's that good.Bread and tomato - if you can't enjoy its creations on an Italian restaurant, then i say look for another one because these are the very basic ingredients that make an Italian cuisine unique. Try their spaghetti with meatball and you'll know what I'm talking about.The place is almost always packed, so be be patient and be rewarded with a delicious meal. They have Seniors Night, Kids Eat Free and Lunch Specials, at any rate i still consider their pricing affordable and reasonable. Buon Appetito!
4	This Is a great place to get some quality italian good without breaking the bank. With prices of their plates usually around $7, this is a great restaurant to go to if you want to get the most bang for your buck. Portion sizes are great and the quality if the food is also very good. Not super fancy or anything super special, but it is quality food at a great price.
1	Great service! terrible food, a shame.  The Ceasar salad had the wrong type of lettuce, wrong dressing. Came with tomatos!  Lasagna bland and mushy!  And why. The Tv??!
5	First timers and just fell in love!  The pizza rolls are to die for and we just had cheese this time. Spaghetti and meatballs, butternut squash ravioli and salad...wonderful!!! And we will be back!
2	The place is always packed. I don't get it? I've been there twice in the last two months and both times have been less than impressive. Overpriced for the puny portion sizes. And salads are sliced iceberg with toms and cucs plopped on top. At least the waitress was great.
5	This is probably our most liked small Italian restaurant, and I can't remember over the past 6 or 7 years when we ever walked out disappointed in the food or the service they provided.  Although we have tried about everything on the menu over the years, their Pizza Muffins, Greek salad, and cheese bread seems to be a family favorite.    My favorite is their ravioli for a dinner size, or their Italian sandwich with a side of spaghetti for a slightly lighter portion.  Their Calzones are huge, pizza is great. Just makes me hungry thinking about it.  Whatever your taste, I don't think you can go wrong here.  Priced right.  Highly recommended for keeping me and my family so satisfied over all the years.
5	you cannot beat Floridino's for value for the dollar.  Awesome food and great service.
5	A huge two-item calzone with a drink lunch special is delicious and a great deal. Great service too! We love Floridino's!
1	The food here was really bland, I'm not sure why there are so many good reviews... And yes, we tried the pizza muffins! Maybe I was expecting a real Italian restaurant but it was extremely casual. For example, the salad is iceberg and the dressing comes in a to-go container with a lid, and they use the red plastic baskets for everything.  Not what I had in mind! I wouldn't recommend going here if you're looking for great pasta!
5	I have been back a few times since my first review. The first time I must have had a bad day or the cook did. The pepperoni pizza here is the best in Chandler. Staff is very nice and efficient.
5	Let me start off by saying this place is poppin!  Whoa...  I met some friends there on a Friday night at 8pm for dinner and the place was packed!  Next time I'm going to make a reservation for sure!We all started off by ordering the pizza muffins.  And just as I read on the reviews from other yelpers, they were delicious!  Full of flavor, delivered hot to the table and the marinara sauce was a great addition to the muffins.  They brought out ranch as well, which I thought was a nice touch as most individuals choose to have ranch with their pizza products.For dinner I ordered a calazone.  It was made well, it was reasonably priced and I topped it with some extra marinara to add a little more saucy flavor to mine.  It was a big portion and I took 1/2 home.This place will definitely be a place I frequent for some italian food in the neighborhood.I highly recommend coming by and trying out the food here!
4	Food is very reasonably priced and also pretty good quality. They open at 11 and have some great lunch specials. Definitely worth a dine!
5	I cannot believe I have lived in Chandler for 20 years and I haven't been here before today. The place was packed and the food was great! The service was very good and the place was clean. We ordered pizza, calzones and pizza muffins. Prices were fair. We will be coming back, for sure.
2	Worst Chicken Parm ever (including frozen meals) but very good pizza.  I give it 2 stars. If you are an Italian place it is not acceptable to have terrible Chicken Parm...Sorry
5	Real good italian food. Their lunch specials are such a great deal and you can't go wrong with any of them. I especially love the complementary bread they give you with your meal.
2	I highly recommend trying the pizza muffins (both the original and the pepperoni). Unfortunately, our experience was overshadowed by EXTREMELY poor service. And on the night we had out of town guests? We won't be back...
5	Can I just say I freaking love this place! If it were socially and waistline acceptable, I would eat here every single day!!! Their junior pizza&drink special for $5 is unbeatable! Those pepperoni poppers are so delicious too! Always packed when I come in there. I seriously am going to drag my boyfriend there tomorrow now haha
5	Fantastic food, good service, at a great price.  Highly recommend eating here.  Only thing--they don't seem to take reservations, so plan accordingly!
3	Sorry...I don't see what all the  fuss is about. I found the food to be fair. IMHO they use a lot of convenience items in the kitchen.To the ownership, good food doesn't come out of a box.or a canThe service was very good
2	Meh! After reading the reviews and the number of times the wait was an hour or more, I expected much more. The pizza was not much better than Dominoes. The pasta was ok, and the service left a lot to be desired.
4	Don't judge a book by its cover. On the outside and even inside this restaurant isn't exactly aesthetically pleasing. The place was packed and people are everywhere. They have more tables then they know what to do with. Don't give up though the food ends up being worth it. The wait really wasn't that long for being a Friday night at dinner. Waiting is somewhat of a cluster though. You have people all over the place waiting. It was a cluster for sure. They should work on that. Once seated our waiter was friendly and accommodating. We all heard the pizza muffins were to die for and they lived up to that for sure. I wish I would have just eaten a bunch of those for dinner. They ended up being better than my main course. I wouldn't be surprised if you were full after those though. I ordered a pizza and it was decent, but nothing worth ordering again.  The people I was with ordered the calzones and absolutely loved them so next time I will have to get that. They seemed a little small for my hunger on a Friday night but not if you ordered the pizza muffins before. Overall this place was pretty good though. Definitely get a good amount of food for what you pay for. I will come back.
4	I was in town for business and wanted a pizza/pasta type of establishment for lunch.  I found this place via yelp and it was a great success.I had the primavera alfredo and a small pizza (personal size).  Both were just what I was looking for.  Very family-friendly, casual.  Service was very good, and they were busy on a Friday lunch crowd.I would definitely recommend this place.
4	Service is great, waitress is fantastic.  Pizza muffins are a perfect idea, you could just have those and be happy but you would be missing out on a great pizza.
4	Great place .  Our favorite Italian restaurant since moving to Chandler in 2002.  GREAT service, wonderful food, huge portions - everything's good - especially after they expanded their floor space.
4	They have my kind of casual service.  Never overly happy- in your face- bombarding service.  Your waiter asks if you're doing OK a couple of times and if you need anything after that, you just tell them. It's a small place, so they will always be near by.I always enjoy this honest to goodness Italian food.  I've had the eggplant, the fettuccine Alfredo, calzone and the Sicilian cookie dessert . . .all amazing!
3	Floridinos was OK.  The atmosphere is definately nothing to write home about, but I somewhat expected that.  We started with the Pizza Muffins and some "famous" breadsticks.  The pizza muffins were outstanding!  If I ever came back, I would eat only these!  The breadsticks were definately not "famous", they were nothing out of the ordinary.  I ordered a white calzone, which was pretty good, but I thought it was very strange that a chopped up breaded chicken patty was used for the meat?  This place makes it's own handmade alfredo sauce, but we get pressed meat on a patty when it comes to chicken?  Very Strange!  The calzone was average, with way to much dough in proportion to the filling.  One dining companion got the Egglplant Parmesan, and said it was terrific, the other got a salad.  The salad was pretty disappointing as it arrived in a very small bowl, and again was filled with a chopped up pressed meat breaded chicken patty.  The highlight of the evening was the Sicilian cookie dessert, this probably redeemed the whole meal.  It was SO good!  A warm half-baked cookie topped with ice cream, whipped cream, and hot chocolate syrup.  Next time around, it would be pizza muffins and cookies for me!
5	Been going here since I was a kid, it's soooo delicious! I usually order the Ziti Alfredo pasta with added veggies, comes with a large size of freshly baked bread. Mmmm!! My boyfriend gets the lasagna and says it's "the best he's ever had" Oh and you HAVE to get the pazooki (large warm cookie pie with ice cream on top) at the end. My sisters and I use to fight over that thing, it's so dang gooood
4	Their calzones, salads, and pizza muffins are great!!! There pastas are okay, nothing special but still good. The atmosphere is very quaint and intimate. Perfect banquet room for a party or shower (I have been to both there) and the pricing is very good. The staff is always friendly as well. I have been going here for about 7 years and I will continue to go!
3	As some one who has been coming here for years, I can tell you the items on the menu are hit and miss. My family loves the baked spaghetti, pizzas, calzones, pizza muffins, and eggplant parm. I've had several of there other pasta dishes (eg: alfredo) and was not a fan. You just have to know what to order from there. The pizza and calzones are awesome!!!!!!
3	I really like their food. I recommend the calzones and the pizza bagels. Pretty good price for one person and its very filling. I would have given this four stars but the service is kind of iffy. Sometimes the service is really good and sometimes it's eh.
5	Been here 4 times and every time the food is 5 stars all the way just wish they were closer to us.  They also have great lunch specials
4	Went with a group of 11 people and as far as I know all of the food we ordered was spot on!Of course, we tried the pepperoni muffins and they are pretty freakin good... I ate 3 or 4 . The reason I took off one star is because the Italian wedding soup I ordered was not hot... At all. I didn't send it back because it was edible and I was hungry. I also noticed the stopped refilling drinks after the check was paid... Worth going back for the muffins but nothing else I tried (soup, pizza, chicken parm) was worth going back for.
3	The pizza rolls are pretty dern good. The calzone is just ok. We were told the meatballs and breaded chicken is not made fresh which is a disappointment to me. Its good but when going out, Id prefer fresh made ingredients. Its good for a quick and inexpensive dinner. Haven't tried the pizza. Husband has had the baked spagetti which is pretty good.
4	This place is awesome, I would absolutely return.The environment overall was OK. Nothing stood out but it was good enough to have a good eating experience.The pepperoni roll/muffin/whatever appetizer was delicious. It was not quite as good as the similar offering from Old Chicago, but it was still great. They had great deals on beer, which they served in a mini-pitcher. Wasn't even happy hour and I felt like the price was great.The table all enjoyed their food. I ended up ordering a pasta dish that was absolutely delicious. I would return again for that alone.
5	Always a treat. The only thing that I can complain about is how crowded it is, but hey that just means its good! We always get their pizza rolls with ham in them. They taste amazing and make amazing leftovers too. They alone are enough to make a meal. I've also had their pasta which tasted very good. I do wish they would make it a bit brighter in here, though.
4	The pizza muffins and caesar salad were both really good! The pizza was pretty good, too, but nothing amazing IMO. My only complaint is that the service could have been better. It was okay, but I felt kind of ignored in favor of the regulars. When I left, none of the many employees standing around said bye or even smiled, which I found odd. So don't go here expecting to feel very welcome, but at least you'll get pretty good food! I'll probably be back at some point, but maybe I'll get it to go.
4	We ordered take-out some original pizza muffins, fettuccine alfredo, and baked manicotti. All were delicious! The alfredo sauce was rich and creamy. The pizza muffins were a hit with my son who normally doesn't like pizza. We will definitely eat here again.
5	My girlfriend and me went to Floridinos on the weekend lunch time. We got seated quickly and our waiter was very friendly with us.I got the spaghetti with meatballs which is my favorite Italian dish and she got the penne with spicy meatballs. Needless to say, Floridinos never failed us again! As always, the dishes were tasty and with the right amount of tomato sauce. A weekend lunchtime well spent at Floridinos. We will be back
4	I've been here a few times and so far I can say it's the Calzones that keep me coming back..  I've had the various pasta dinners, which were ok.( not bad, but not great either).  However, I have been going lately about once a week with a coworker during lunch and their calzones are delicious every time.  Reasonably priced especially during lunch hours (5.99 for a two item Calzone with a drink). Can't beat that.  And every time I have really enjoy my experience from the service, staff, and quality of the food. I have recommended this to other friends and will continue to do so.  Definitely a good place to go and support a local business.
4	Great family pizza joint.  Liked the ambiance, fun and welcoming.  Had lunch...Food was above average.  Will definitely come back for dinner some time.
5	Favorite family Italian.  When dining for Six it can get pretty expensive especially for Italian.  NEVER HERE. Prices are very fair and portions are good.   Favorites are Pizza muffins and Calzone is best in Town.  Pasta dishes are great. Never disappointed and always satisfied.
5	Had this for a breif meeting and it was so great! The house salad dressing had so much flavor. &the chicken pizza rolls so tasty. Nothing not to love about this place.
5	I've lived in the neighborhood for a few years now and hadn't tried this place until recently. I needed an emergency pizza, and it is in walking distance for me. The pizza was really good, so my girlfriend and I decided to go there and try it out. It's a nice place, and they had the football game on, so I'm already liking. Then I find out they have Santan Sunspot Gold! Hello! Really? You had me at Sunspot! You mean I can walk 5 minutes and enjoy a Sunspot? OMG! If they can fill growlers I'll really flip out!  Ok, on to the food, did the pizza muffins, since I ate like 5, I'll say good! She got the 3 cheese ravioli and I got the antipasto salad. They were both superb. We got the brownie dessert, and went home and lapsed into food comas. My only small complaint was that the lighting seemed a bit bright, but the service was really good and prompt. The waiter knew the menu and was very personable. The gf is already asking when we can go back. So it's a winner. I also run into friends here and see a lot of them checking in. This will definitely be a new regular haunt.
2	This is a cool hangout spot if you're looking for a casual meal. I had the original style pizza muffins which were just okay, though they're what this place is known for. My calzone was a bit dry. Food is decent but not spectacular.
5	Super food and excellent service!  Our first time here but we will certainly be coming back.
4	I got chicken parm with ziti. I like this place for fast italian food. I usually bring it home and add seasonings though as can be a little bland. I like the free bread they give but ask for a side of marinara.
4	Great pizza good pasta. The pepperoni muffins and bar b que chicken muffins are the greatest things on the planet. They are so tasty. Staff is super friendly and helpful, they went above and beyond to make my 7 yr old daughter feel special.
3	My boyfriend and I got the special to go the other night. The wait was reasonable especially because the dining room was pretty full. The special came with a tossed salad that I was slightly dissapointed with because it was just a box of iceburg lettuce with what resembled tomatoes cubes,  but its ok I came for the pizza. The special also included cheesy bread sticks which weren't bad, but nothing to write home about and the sauce that came on the side was meh. But that's ok because I came for the pizza...Now the pizza was surprisingly tastey. Awesome thin crust and the toppings were plentiful. I would definitely come back for the pizza but probably leave out the extras.Side note.... I was pretty disappointed they didn't have wings, probably take away a star for that.
5	We LOVE Floridinos!  We have been eating here for 14 years.  We started eating at one of their other locations in Northeast Mesa (since closed) and now go to the one in Chandler (the original location).  I've always ordered the manicotti. It's delicious and I always eat half and save the second half for lunch/dinner the next day.  My husband used to eat the special calzone at every visit but has recently started trying new things.  The environment is casual and family friendly.  It's always busy and you often need to wait for a table.  You can call ahead to get your name on the list but they do not take reservations. Hands down favorites - PIZZA MUFFINS.  You will not be disappointed.  We go with the regular cheese muffins.  They are amazing.  Ask for a side of ranch and sauce to go with them.  Everyone raves about them.  We take many out of town guests and family members - definitely a hit.Second favorite - PIZZA COOKIE DESERT. heaven.  need I say more?  Our kids beg us to come here for special occasions because the desert is amazing.  I'm also a big fan of coke products and love that Floridinos has them!Bottom line, if you are looking for a relatively inexpensive, family-friendly restaurant, try it out. Kids eat free on Wednesdays too!
5	Great food and good service. Pizza muffins are to die for. I ordered the Fettuccine Alfredo with spicy pink sauce which hit the spot. Both of my friends had lasagne and had nothing but praises. I recommend Florindinos. Our waiter Randy provided great suggestions and was very attentive.
5	Take a walk with me. Close your eyes. Picture a cinnamon roll. Replace the dough with pizza dough. Now, replace the cinnamon with cheese and any topping you can imagine. Finally, instead of dipping this in frosting, taste the home made ranch and marinara sauce. That, my Yelpers, is a Pizza Muffin. Besides the Pizza Muffins, their Italian food is quite authentic. I have had a little of everything, and I have yet to find something I don't like.The staff is great. It reminds me of a Chicago bar where everyone knows your name, except they really don't know your name. They are extremely friendly and always willing to give you suggestions.For dessert, the pizza cookie is a must, and after all of that, you can walk instead of roll out of the door, I will applaud you.
2	Just went there for dinner again.  What happened?  Pizza was downright lousy.  Crust was awful-sausage not tasty at all.  Completely forgettable.
3	I've tried to like this place because I live close.  The prices are reasonable and the staff is extremely courteous.  But... I've tried numerous pasta dishes and found them all lacking.  The red sauce is too sweet, the Alfredo is bland, and the "pink" sauce tastes  somewhat like spicy nacho cheese.  Which might be ok on tortilla chips, but not butternut squash ravioli.  My advice: stick with the pizza muffins.  They're great!
5	First time here to benefit Wildhorse Horse Ranch!  Great food and service. You have to try the "muffins"!
5	Service, awesome.   Food, great.  Tried the special.   Great pizza.  Thin type crust, good sauce, and affordable for a large.  Parking is great.  Fast seating.  Just do it!
5	Stopped by Floridinos on way home from work for some take out. Staff was very friendly and food was excellent.  Ordered the pepperoni muffins and and the lasagna with a couple of meatballs and both were great. We'll be back again.
3	The food here is usually good. Pizza is fabulous! Eggplant was from freezer n def not fresh. Sauce is decent but from now on will only order pizza....
4	This place is the definition of that down home family owned restaurant. Have been here multiple times and service can vary. To get a true test of this place come during lunch time to not be disgruntled to leave during dinner rush hours. I have not had a bad meal here and take out is also a good way to go "call it in".
4	Solid, cheap, delicious Italian.  Good calzones, baked spaghetti, and Alfredo (don't forget to add chicken).  Excellent for takeout as well.
5	Yum!  Hidden Gem!  Service is fabulous, the pizza is best I've had in a long time! Baked spagetti will put you over the edge!
2	So many have raved about the food however I just don't see it!  I did not order the pizza which was the item that I was told to order.  Sorry, was not in the mood.  If your pizza is that good the rest of your menu items should be the same.  I ordered the eggplant and chicken parm.  Smalllll portions that was in no way homemade. The side of meatballs (that they charge an extra $2.00)  were out of frozen bag bag of mini meatballs that you can get in any freezer section!!!!! Even the "muffins" were so, so.  Olive Garden (really not a fan of) puts them to same!
