5	We parked here over Presidents day weekend and from the minute we entered the facility we were greeted with a very cheerful reception.   I have to say the service here is super friendly from the drivers to the ticket booth agents. The vans were new and clean.  I have parked in other lots but the thing that stuck out the most here was the service.  From the drivers, to the ticket agents.   Very nice indeed.  The driver picked us up at our car location.  When we got on the bus, the diver handed us a card that had our car spot information on it and a phone number to call if your flight gets in before or after hours.  We got in at 1am, so we called when our plane landed and by the time we got outside we only had to wait 2 minutes.  Not bad since we didn't even have to check luggage.  The van then drove us right to our spot and the driver brought our baggage out to our car.A+ service!
5	I purchased a Groupon for 3 days of parking for $11.  I was a little leery since it was off site, but was not disappointed!  Like the other reviewers said, I was met at my car and the attendant helped me with my bags.  Since they don't have to stop at all the stops at the airport, I got to the terminal faster than if I had parked on site!I was given a card with my stall number and a telephone number to call if I was going to be after 10p.  They were there within five minutes of getting to the curb and again, I was at my car faster than if I had parked in the East Economy lot.  Love the door to door service.Total for parking 4 days with the Groupon, $18, can't beat that!  Even if I don't have a discount, I will continue to park there as it is so much easier than parking at the airport for the same price!  Thanks!
5	We also purchased the Groupon for our spring break trip to Mazatlan. We were not disappointed. The gate attendant was happy to see us and we were met at our car and help with loading our bags in the van. We got a card with our parking spot!The van was soooo clean and fresh smelling!  Our driver was really nice. We arrived so quickly, better than parking ourselves. And our car was covered the whole time.Our return trip was just as smooth! We walked out the north door and walked to our spot and like magic a Blue Sky van appeared to pick us up. Yet again great service from the driver and back to our car in no time!The gate attendant was really nice and seemed pleased we were using a Groupon. He even gave us two one day parking passes to use on our next trip!We definitely will use Blue Sky Parking on our next trip! You should too!
5	I could not be happier to write this review of Blue Sky! I have used their lot since purchasing the Groupon in February numerous times (every time I have travelled since then, actually) and truly look forward to arriving at their lot. I have had nothing but EXCEPTIONAL interaction with the lot attendees, gate operators, and shuttle drivers - they are all stellar employees who genuinely care about their customers. I have used one coupon (printed from their website) since the Groupon, and each time I depart they give more coupons for my next visit. I feel so safe leaving my prized car in their well lit and patrolled lot. The bus to pick me up is always right behind me when parking, so never a wait or long walk to get picked up. Another great thing is that they give you a Blue Sky card with your exact parking space listed (fits into your wallet), so all you have to do is hand it to the driver - they actually drive you to your car, not just to a generic bus stop across the lot at midnight (such as Sky Harbor has done in the past). Further, I have waited no more than 4 minutes (yes I time it) to get picked up at my gate. And we all know that rarely do you get to the airport in the recommended 2 hour in advance time frame, if even 1 hour in advance, so speedy service is just what you want! Not to mention the super clean, fresh shuttles. So nice to get into a vehicle in your nice business suit and be instantly cool and not afraid to sit! Their prices are right in line with any other decent lot, but this one is exceptional, and I always have some coupon to get a discount. Even I did not have the coupon for an extra $1-$3 off per day, I would still go out of my way to park here.I love Blue Sky!A
5	With my groupon purchase this was an amazing deal. Like the other reviews I was very impressed with the friendliness of the staff and new clean appearance of the lot and shuttle bus. The cashier gave me two free car wash coupons to use. I couldn't be happier with my experience @ Blue Sky!
5	I never though I would write a review for a "Parking Lot." I mean, let's be real, can you really get excited about parking? Well...YES!I first tried Blue Sky Parking in March of this year. And I've probably parked about 30+ days since, and I always love my experience. I think what makes Blue Sky different is their excellent customer service. So I can confidently tell you that anytime I park at PHX, I'll be parking at Blue Sky!
5	I had my first experience at Blue Sky this week and it was excellent. I was running late for my flight and thought that the garage adjacent to Terminal 4 might save precious time (but cost more). I pulled into Blue Sky, parked, was immediately picked up by the shuttle and had my bag checked in at Southwest about 10 minutes later. It was unbelievably easy and smooth. It actually would have taken longer to get to the garage at Terminal 4, find a parking place and carry my luggage to the elevator and then to check in. I will never use the garage again. Blue Sky every time for me!
5	Blue sky is a great place to park! We bought the groupon because we knew we would be flying out of Phoenix soon, and were a little weary at first, but were pleasantly surprised!!They pulled right up to our car to pick us up, and were very friendly and helpful. When we landed we waited less than 5 minutes for one of their vans to pick us up. Again we were dropped off right at our car. I would definitely park here again!!
5	I have used Blue Sky Airport Parking twice now (on two different Groupon-type deals), and I have to say that I was impressed by the level of service both times.  The parking lot is clean, safe, well-lit, and has some of the friendliest and most courteous employees.  I often think that customer service is nearing extinction, but Blue Sky makes me think twice--they are always there within a minute or two to pick you up, either from your spot or at the airport.  The people are pleasant and the shuttles are very clean and well-maintained.  They also have a AAA discount, which means parking for three days for a weekend trip only costs about $24.  That is amazing given their excellent customer service!  I highly recommend this place.
5	Let me just say that our experience with Blue Sky was fantastical! I was leery about airport parking at first. I have never done it and heard bad things in general about it. We usually take some sort of shuttlemobile that picks us up at our house and drives us there like Mr. Toad's Wild Ride. We had 6 people in our group this time, so driving to the airport seemed more economical. So I got this nifty Groupon a few months back and the deal seemed too good to be true. It wasn't. Everything and everyone met and exceeded my expectations. We arrived, and they gave us our assigned parking spot right away. We parked in the covered spots. As soon as we exited the car, the van guy was already loading our luggage into the van. The van was clean and minty fresh. Nice and cool on an AZ summer day. The guy was a good driver and got us to the right gate quickly. They gave us a card with our space # and said to call if we arrive back after midnight. As we were leaving the baggage claim area I called them and by the time we got to the waiting spot, the van was just pulling up. Now that's fast service! The guy quickly and courteously loaded our luggage, and when we got to our car, he even offered to load it into the car. What an awesome dude! We paid the super nice lady on the way out, and she even gave us a voucher for a free car wash. How's that for service? I was very happy with Blue Sky Airport Parking. I will use them again next time, Groupon or not.
5	I had a great experience with Blue Sky Airport Parking. I don't know if I just had great timing or if it was the frequency of their shuttles, but as soon as I parked my car there was a shuttle right there to pick me up. The driver writes down your row and parking spot # on a card for you so as long as you don't lose that card, you don't have to worry about remembering where you parked. When I got back from my trip, again, as soon as I walked out and got to the curb to wait for the shuttle, it was pulling up, so I didn't even have to wait. That was wonderful, especially when you're tired from a long day of traveling and just want to get home. The prices are reasonable, I purchased a Groupon so that was a huge savings, but they also let me use the $3 off coupon in conjunction with my Groupon since I had to park an additional day. I believe they also give a discount if you have AAA or are military.  The lot is still very new and clean. Well maintained with both covered and uncovered spots available. The covered spots were great, especially since the Arizona summers turn any car into an oven. The shuttles are also clean and well maintained. The drivers and lot attendants are also all very nice. The lady in the cashier booth didn't give me any trouble at all with the Groupons. I've noticed some places kind of give you a look when you pay with Groupons and coupons. They were totally cool with it and so checking out was very easy as well. Good job Blue Sky!! I'll be back!
1	I made a reservation online before parking.  If you made a "pre registration" the website shows a $3 per day discount for parking.  I registred and recieved an email and a reciept , of which i printed and brought to the lot.  When leaving, my rate was at full rate and was told that I needed to print additional pages from the website in order to get the discounted rate.  In this case, I wouldnt have pre-registered and would have parked on-site at the airport, as the lots are the same price.  Waited approx 25 minutes for the Blue Sky Bus at 11am to pick me up at terminal 2.  Travel often and have much better and more convienent service in the Sky Harbor West Lot.
5	Easy, quick, great parking experience. Lot is new and clean and feels safe. Will definitely use Blue Sky again.
5	Just used Blue Sky for the first time after buying a Groupon.  Couldn't have had a better experience.  i'm not one to rave about parking services but these guys really know how to deliver customer service. From first entrance into the lot, every encounter we had was just stellar.  The staff was friendly and efficient, we had ZERO wait time for drop off or pick up.  The lot is well maintained and appears to be very secure.  What a huge contrast to another company I had used for years (can't really even call them "competition" because they aren't even in the same class of service).  This other company always made me feel like they were doing me a favor by taking my money.  Surly attitudes from the cashier always left me cold and I was often left waiting and waiting for the shuttle. Thanks Blue Sky, you've got it right!  Keep up the good service and I will continue to be a dedicated fan and loyal customer.
5	I highly recommend this place.  Usually unless something is beyond exceptional, I won't take the time to write a review.  Blue Sky is perfect for multiple reasons.  First of all they are very easy to get to,  located right off the 143 freeway and university.  Next, rather than park in some dusty lot and then haul your luggage to a shuttle, you park in a clean covered lot and the shuttle will come TO YOU to pick you up.  Quick drop off at the airport.  Upon return, I waited no more than 3 seconds (this is no joke) for the shuttle and even though I was the only passenger on, he proceeded to take me back to my car, dropped me off and even put my luggage in my trunk.  The staff is incredibly friendly and could charge much more but the best part is...its also inexpensive!!! Quality, clean, friendly, fast and inexpensive...you can't ask for much more.  Blue Sky, I WILL be back! Thank you!
5	Loved it.  Got right into my space, was handed a card reminding me of where I parked (its like they know me!) and was promptly taken to my terminal.  On return, didn't have to wait more than 5 min.  The driver was polite and friendly and for those times I just can't get a friend to take me, I'll definitely be parking here.
5	Hard to believe employees can be chipper at 5:30am..but that is the case with Blue Sky Airport Parking.  This was my first park-n-jet experience out of Phoenix and I would definitely use them again, no question.  These people know what customer service is all about.  My flight home I had an unexpected delayed layover so when I finally landed all I wanted to do was go home.. absolutely no waiting for the shuttle...and I didn't even have to call them to come pick me up..they were just magically there at their little blue sign. A+++
5	I had a great experience with Blue Sky Parking. I purchased a Groupon and took advantage of their service last week. Everyone was extremely friendly. There was 0 waiting for a shuttle, and the friendly driver helped me with my luggage. Upon return, I had no wait at the curve outside terminal 3. The driver even put my luggage in my car for me. I will definitely use their services again.
5	Loved it! Their use of Groupon marketing has paid off because I'll be back every time I fly! Very friendly staff. Amazing customer service! Parking lot feels very safe. Pick up and drop off right at your car space. Easy and smooth experience. Highly recommend!!Tip: the "covered parking" is only an overhead covering not underground or anything so if I were paying full price I think uncovered would be just fine
2	I tried this place a couple of times after seeing it on Yelp. Honestly, their shuttle service seemed slower than my regular place. Nothing special going on here, at least to me. It's kind of in a strange place and I had to battle the construction on 143 to get there.Also, I asked about getting a corporate rate and they told me I do not qualify (even though I fly almost weekly). They did mention that they might consider extending me a corporate rate if I gave them my client contacts (I'm in the printing business). I couldn't even come up with a response but I do think that is somewhat unethical. I think I'll stay put with my regular company. They take good care of me. They gave me a dynamite rate without any questions. If it ain't broken, no need to fix it! Lol
4	I have been using Blue Sky for eight months now (Jan 2011 to Aug 2011).  I had an issue with them recently and the owner promptly contacted me and attempted to resolve it.  That exceeded my expectations!So kudos to the owner(s) of BlueSky who strive daily to keep it a great facility.
5	typically, i hate spending money on things like..parking. i think it's ridiculous how you can pay ridiculous amounts of money to park your car (like at SFO, BOS, or JFK etc). however, i've parked at blue sky 4+ times now (i'm the duchess!) and i'm a big fan! super quick to pick you up after you park and get you to the airport and i've never had to wait more than 5 minutes to get from the airport back to the lot. The lot is also super clean, well lit and you just feel safe having your car there!Oh! They also always have coupons/groupons/deals so look around and you should easily be able to find a deal for a couple bucks off a day.
5	I've parked here twice now for over a week each and I love the speed and ease of being here. The location is great, it doesn't feel as ghetto/sketchy as some of the others nearby Sky Harbor and the vans are clean and the drivers are very friendly. I always get covered parking... it seems like most of their stuff is covered. And their site is actually nice and easy to use too... All around win.I'm pretty much parking here all the time... no doubt. You should too.
3	I started using this parking site from a Group on I purchased on line.  Boy was I surprised; the service was great, fast, clean and nice.  You never have to wait any longer than 10 min to be picked up at the airport and only a few when parking your car.  I always use the covered parking.  The drop you off right at your car.  The new vans they use for transportation are nice and clean.  It is located close to the major freeways and is easy to get in and out.  There are many coupons for a discount out there; grab one and try them out.
2	my one time experience: Departed Wednesday morning had 3 shuttles in the parking lot picking people up, was great and fast, totally met expectations. uncovered was full, but they do not have a lot of uncovered parking and with the holiday totally made sense.Arrived back on Saturday during thanksgiving holiday. I called  their phone number like their card said for after 10 pm arrivals. I called at 11:26pm said a shuttle was enroute to terminal 4. called second time at 11:41 PM said they were really busy and the shuttle was enroute and a 2nd right behind. Shuttle showed up 5 mins later. This is after watching the parking spot, the parking spot 2, sky harbor offsite parking, and preflight parking shuttle pull and leave more than once. When the shuttle arrived roughly 15 to 20 people wanted to board, had to wait for the 2nd shuttle. A guy who wanted to board and didn't vented his frustration at the driver and us waiting, and said he spoke to the manager a few mins ago on the cellphone and got out of blue sky manager that they had 2 shuttles running that time. So everyone was sharing that they had saved money but it wasn't worth the wait.It didn't make sense they would run only two shuttles over the holiday, since more people travel then. I don't know more details, but the problem I had is when I see the other shuttles arriving and leaving and you don't see your shuttle. The takeaway on my end would be requiring customers to tell the shuttle service on arrival their return date, so they could staff the correct amount of drivers knowing when I return, then we would be waiting less after a long flight.
5	Good service all around. Safe place to park your car. Location looks brand new. Definitely parking my car here on my next trip. (I have two more groupon deals to use up)
5	It is easy to find off the freeway.  The place is big, and clean.  AAA members get a 2 or 3 dollar discount off per day, and for every 7 days you park you get a free day of parking.   The shuttle picks you up at your car and gets you to your terminal in about 5 minutes.  I would definitely use this place again, it was great and people were friendly.
2	You never get a second chance...right?  My intention was to cash-in the (2) days FREE I had accumulated for being a frequent user. Checked-in Fri 5:30p returned Sun 10:30p. Paid for covered parking and there is concrete dust allover my car, lol?!? Not a problem until I try to pay with the free passes and was charged additional $11.00...for "1hr over" according to Supervisor Donna. She sort of listened to my concern but said she was unable to refund my c/c ...really?!! Didn't care to ask for my advice re: suitable solution...no employee empowerment?  Or Bait-n-Hook pricing??
1	I purchased a couple of Groupons awhile back and have had great experiences up until this past Tuesday. After 3 days in Vegas, I was eager to get home for some rest. Upon check-out, I patiently waited for the attendant to check me out as he was helping an incoming customer with his intake ticket. When he entered the booth, I handed him my parking ticket and smartphone with my Groupon already on the screen. After thumbing through their book of Groupon customers, he found my listing, ran my ticket and advised me that it'd be $5 after the Groupon. I asked how much time I had gone over as I know I was only parked for 72 hours. He advised me, "40 SECONDS." I asked again just to make sure I heard clearly and he reconfirmed, "40 SECONDS." I inquired as to why I'd have to pay $5 for a mere 40 SECONDS and he said the computer automatically pro-rates the fees and there was NO way he could adjust it. I think it's absurd considering it took him a good few minutes to even process my check-out and was completely unsympathetic of the ridiculous charge. I just accepted a new job where I will be flying every week. I was planning on parking at Blue Sky, but now I need to find a new lot. Those measley $5 that they charged me just cost them a frequent customer.*Looks like I'm not the only one that has experienced this either.
4	I received a very nice message from the owner. I really appreciate his effort in researching the situation and defending his business in a polite and professional manner so I'm updating my review.  It turns out the attendant I dealt with that day misspoke-- I was over by 40 minutes. He must have been having an off day because I asked twice and even repeated back, "40 seconds," to him. Anyhow, I plan on giving Blue Sky another chance as all other experiences were good and the owner made a very valiant effort to make amends. All other business owners should take note when a less than desirable review is written by a customer. Thanks again, Blue Sky! I'll be seeing you again soon. Will update with a 5* if the next few visits go well.
5	I will never go back to standard airport parking.  Blue Sky Airport was a fantastic option (unless you're literally running to make your flight ..... it is a little tucked away off-site) and SO MUCH cheaper than on-site parking, especially when it seems you can always get $2 off covered or uncovered.  First off, there is an employee waiting at the machine where you get your ticket who radios someone else in the van.  By the time I put my car in park, there was a van waiting to take me to the airport and straight to my terminal.  No waiting for anyone else which can definitely add to your total wait time.  On the ride back to my car, there was a van pulling up as we left the baggage claim and, once again, no waiting for others (ie - to get a full van) before heading back to the parking lot.  Quick and easy payment and make sure you get your frequent parker card - 7 days parking gets you 1 day free!
3	The first thing to be aware of is that the address listed for this facility is not correct. The current (new) address is 3150 S. 48th Street, Phoenix, AZ. The inconvenience I experienced of having first gone to the published (old) address resulted in my giving them only three stars instead of four.Other than that, the facility was relatively easy to find, it was also very clean and easy to navigate. The staff were friendly and helpful and the rates are reasonable.Now that I know exactly where they are located I'm sure I will park at this facility again the next time I'm flying out of Phoenix.
5	I've never parked my car at an Airport parking lot for more than a few days so I was a little skeptical for leaving it for a full week while out of the country. But BlueSky parking was hassle free and had a very safe and reassuring feel to it! I highly recommend this place.
5	After parking with Blue Sky, I will never go back to parking at the airport. Blue Sky is cheaper and more convenient! A shuttle driver meets you right at your car, and gives you a paper with your exact parking space location so you don't have to hunt for your vehicle when you return. When you come back, the shuttle picks you up at the hotel shuttle area and delivers you right to your car. Drivers and staff have all been very friendly!Note: I did have to call the first time to find them, because my GPS couldn't find the address listed on the site - turns out that address isn't the best to use when finding them. I suggest using the "directions" link on their site, which will give you accurate directions to their location.
5	I normally like to arrive at the airport 2 hours in advance because I know the head ache of parking, luggage, checkin, and security.  When I arrived at Blue Sky the employees were extremely friendly.  The shuttle picks you up directly in front of your vehicle and gets you to the terminal in like 1o minutes.  When I got there I was amazed how easy this entire process was.  The return was just as easy.  I think I waited less than 5 minutes for the return shuttle to the lot.  They drop you off in front of your car and the rates are good too. Lastly the place is very clean and its a safe environment as well.   I will only use Blue Sky now for my airport parking.
4	The major thing I like about Blue Sky is how convenient it is.  I like the location because it is easy to get to from home or office.  It literally takes me less than 5 minutes to get to Blue Sky from my office and takes about the same amount of time to get from the lot to the airport.The shuttles are very clean and comfortable and they do come every few minutes or so.  The drivers are courteous and professional.  They give you the locator cards to ensure you will have no problems finding your car when you get back.  They will help you out with your luggage or whatever you need carried to the airport.  With this parking nirvana, there are a couple of dark clouds.  One dark cloud was that I was passed by at the airport by one of the shuttle drivers.  From what I saw, he did not get out of the center lane and just glanced over to see if anyone was on the curb waiting (I was sitting on the bench at the time) and just kept going.  Another shuttle came within a few minutes of that one departing and got me but I was perplexed as to why the other driver kept going like that.  The other cloud is based on the Cloud 9 card which gives you free parking after 7 visits.  After June 1, airline employees could not accumulate punches on their cards when parking with their discount.  I did find that quite handy.
5	First time at Blue Sky and wow what a great experience!  Have used the spotted one many times before but they do not compare to Blue Sky!  Coming from Scottsdale it is the easiest and fastest way to park at the airport.  All employees are awesome- total customer friendly experience. Nice Job Blue Sky!
5	There are a lot of options for parking at PHX, and it's clear to me that Blue Sky is the best.  It's not only because I get a free cookie at Paradise, or that they are the closest to Tucson.  It's mostly that they have a nice parking lot with covered parking, and shuttles that pick you up right from your car (with drivers who help with your luggage), and frequent shuttles that pick you up when you get home.  Icing on the cake is that their discount program is simple - reserve online and get $1/day off.  Keep your parking punchcard and when you get 7 punches, you get one day free.  No complicated loyalty programs to sign up for, etc.  I've tried some of the other parking companies and Blue Sky is by far the best.  The only place they could improve is to provide a bottle of water on check out, but I won't be too picky ;-)
5	Very easy and convenient location, upon arrival greeted promptly at gate and given voucher for free cookie from Paradise Bakery (airport location only) -score.  Was directed to parking and told a shuttle would be to get me shortly, they were there before I got out of my car.  We made a few other stops through the lot, then werre onb our way to the airport.  When I returned I left baggage claim and found their shuttle and jumped on.  Overall I had a great experience, wished the airport moved that smoothly.  The process was in an out. I payed and reserved spot online so I got a discount!
4	The parking and service are still great and I will continue to park and use the service.
5	If you need to park your car when heading out of town and don't want to pay the ridiculous prices at the airport, Blue Sky Airport Parking is definitely the place you should go! The pricing is obviously better at only $7/day and make your reservation and do a pre-pay online, you even save a few more dollars.You pull in and they direct you where to go, one of the employees follows you in on a golf cart and gives you a ticket at your car and then the shuttle follows him less than a minute later. It's completely direct and is amazing! Quickest service ever!Once I got home from the airport, it was super easy to find where the shuttle was to be picked up from and again, they dropped you off directly at your vehicle. I will never park at the airport again! Thanks Blue Sky!! :D
4	$9 a day in June '12 for me. But workers with good attitudes, fast service and I got a free cookie.  I'll use them again.
5	Used Blue Sky for the first time in July.  I have used several other offsite airport locations as well as Sky Harbor's off site parking.  Blue Sky is by far the winner.  They direct you where to go, the van to bring us to the airport was at our car before we even unloaded the suitcases from the vehicle.  No lugging suitcases or carry-on bags to a central pick up  point.  We arrived home late, they had a van to pick us up in less than 5 minutes after we called.  Pricing was very competitive ($7.00 per day with coupon from their website).  They also have AAA discounts.  I have used Sky Harbor's parking for the last time.  This is my new go-to provider for parking.
5	Super convenient, right off the 143 on the south side of University. Price is decent, and you get $2 off per day with a AAA card. You can reserve a spot online if you're traveling during a busy weekend and want to ensure you won't be left scrambling, though I've never had to.Just don't lose your ticket!
5	Cheap covered parking and the shuttles get you to the airport in minutes...if you book online you can get it for even cheaper.
5	What's not to love? Fantastic friendly staff, all with the cheeriest attitudes! Great prices, especially if you book online, or are a friend on FB - loads of coupons and discounts. Easy loyalty punchcard system. Covered parking or open parking is available, and the BlueSky shuttle will be instantly at your side,  with your driver writing down your location so they can drive you straight to your car on your return. Location is very close to the airport, and easy to find. I won't ever go anywhere else now I've found Blue Sky.
5	BEST parking spot and customer service ever. Outside of getting a ride I won't park anywhere else.
5	The most enjoyable experiences I've ever had parking my car - for real!I have been using Blue Sky Airport parking now for about a year and a half after purchasing a groupon from them a while back. Located just south of the Airport at University and highway 143 its an easy spot to get to on your most-likely rushed jaunt to the airport!Now I know you're probably thinking what could possibly make a place to park your car so amazing - well let me tell you.When you're wanting to park your car at 4:30 in the morning for your 6:00 A.M. flight I'm usually not in the greatest of moods but the attendant at the front gate is always chipper and welcoming directing me to the right row for parking. The drivers are always willing to help you load your bags and give you your ticket for your return (just double check the ticket - there's been once or twice that they've written the wrong row...). A few of the times that I have used Blue Sky they've given me coupons for cookies at Paradise Bakery - now isn't that a pleasant surprise (seeing as I'm usually too rushed to eat before getting to the airport!). Besides all of the great customer service this place is very reasonably priced. You can opt for covered or uncovered parking and even reserve online ahead of time.Just any FYI - depending on which terminal you're flying out of it could take 5-10 minutes to get to your terminal so just make sure to budget that into your time!Have fun parking!
5	Just used Blue Sky last week for a weekend trip.  They were as efficient as last time.  Prepaid my parking on line.  Worked very smoothly.  I am definitely a fan.
5	My question is, why would anyone park anywhere else when needing long-term parking at Sky Harbor? We've found that it's a) cheaper than East Economy if you use their online coupons or are a AAA member, and b) fast than parking at East Economy. You pull into their lot at University and the 143, you're immediately greeted. By the time you get to covered or uncovered parking and get your luggage out, the shuttle is behind your car waiting to pick you up. They hand you a slip of paper with your parking space number. Hang on to this as when they pick you back up after your trip, all you do is hand it to them and they take you straight to your car. The shuttles are at arrivals/baggage pick up almost immediately -- far shorter than the East Economy shuttles. Park here! You'll never go back to East Economy.
5	I used to park at this place where parking was cheap - $5 a day and I got exactly that...cheap service. Finally I got fed up with that parking lot and decoded to give Blue Sky a shot. Good thing I did because they do not disappoint! Here's a brief synopsis of Blue Sky:*Courteous drivers who are always cheerful and have smiles on their faces.*Round the clock shuttles so there's one always bound to stop at whatever terminal you arrive from.*Clean and well lit facility that gives you the option for covered or uncovered parking.*The option for online reservations which gives you discounts!*A free cookie voucher at Paradise Bakery (who can resist a yummy cookie from Paradise?!).*They are ready with supplies in the event that your car doesn't start...think dead battery, no gas, flat tire, etc.If this doesn't convince you to try them, then I don't know what will. You gotta try Blue Sky! I promise you won't be disappointed! If you are, you will get a cookie for a consolation prize!
5	I've used them 6 times this year.  Each time I received excellent and very friendly service.  Pickup frequency at Airport is very good, even late at night.  Only downside was when I attempted to use yelp check-in offer.  The cashier thought i was from another planet.
5	I recall ranting and raving at how amazing this parking place was! How convenient and easy to use and FRIENDLY their service was. I would like to mimic the same sentiment if not more. I cannot say enough amazing things about Blue Sky Airport Parking. I know it's just a parking place... but the customer service is outstanding! The pricing did go up to $8/day for uncovered parking but it somehow still beats parking at the airport!
5	This place is great. The people who work there are really friendly and helpful and They're always quick to get you to and from the airport curb. And the facility is so nice compared to other airport parking lots I've tried in Phoenix. Definitely will be going back and recommend it.
5	I took this shuttle again today--coming home to Phoenix from San Jose, CA.  My car was parked 5 days.  Fast pickup at terminal 4, courtesous GOOD driving--not trying to text and talk on the phone like other shuttle company drivers (think SuperShuttle).  No reckless driving thank you.  I feel safe.  Most parking spaces are covered--you can ALWAYS get covered--without a reservation or being a special person or pre-paid like some lots here.  They are wide and big enough for my mini-SUV even if a 4x4 parks next to me--unlike most of the parking shuttle lots where they're so tiny you hardly have room to park a compact.  Service is courteous and efficient.  They honor AAA discounts and have a program for free days after so many paid days.  But mostly I love the service and the lot.  You can get uncovered parking too if you want, but this is AZ and I want covered.  I changed after trying others, and parking for 20 years in Deer Valley Parking, changed to Sky Harbor Parking, and it just got terrible.  Plus I wanted covered when I wanted it, not when they might have a spare space for me--next to Hummer in half my space.  I have parked at Blue Sky every time I travel ever since it opened and I love it.  Keep doing what you do RIGHT EVERY TIME!I just came home tonight after 5 days, and I'm leaving again in the morning--going to Blue Sky again for 6 days this time.  No where else for me, when I get this level of service. and a great lot too.  Convenient and close too.
5	I read the reviews on Yelp and thought I would give these guys a try. All was as stated. Very nice facility, nice staff, easy location and timely. I have used other lots around Phoenix and this is my choice in the future. The difference in price is sooo small it is not even worth talking about. Yes, I could save a few cents elsewhere, but I have been elsewhere and the savings are not worth it. Trust me, pay 50 cents more and use this place. My wife was much happier with me at this location as was I.
5	WOW!  Blue Sky just moved it's pick-up location to Door 1 at terminal 4...de-planed,, went down the escalator and there they were!  Great driver, Colin...great service...have been using the facility for about a year and it keeps getting better...if you reserve online , there is a dollar a day discount!Seamless service...no waiting for the van to be full...just airport to car lot!!Give them a try!!  What a great Compnay and great employees:
5	I've had to park at a lot of different airport parking companies and blue sky is by far the best in Phoenix. They have the kindest employees there and I felt well taken care of as well as safe. The driver Collin should be employee of the month!  I was very impressed by him and his driving skills. Great company!
4	Cheap, friendly, timely...can't ask for much else.
5	Excellent service both coming and going, including getting back to our car after a 10:30pm return flight arrival. We highly recommend!
5	If you're coming to Sky Harbor from the East Valley, this is the place to park. Easy on/off the 143. Safe, well-lit lot. Very clean, well-maintained vans. Really friendly helpful drivers. Coupon for free cookie in the terminal.It's the first-class portion of every airline trip I make.
5	This was my first time using off airport parking and with Blue Sky, the experience was great!  Everyone was super friendly from the moment I pulled into the parking lot.  The shuttle ride was much shorter than using the airport open air lots to Terminal 3.  Shuttle drivers were great and even helped me load baggage into my car when I returned.  Fabulous experience!  Thank you!
5	I'm surprised I hadn't yet written a review of Blue Sky! To echo everyone else, I've decided parking at the airport is less stress free than trying to get a ride. I'm paranoid about the availability and shuttle wait time of using the airports lot, so I've used Blue Sky 2-3 times so far and have had a great experience each time. I make my reservations online and the whole process is a breeze.
5	I parked here for the first time this past weekend and found my experience to be very positive.  The staff was friendly.  We barely waited for a shuttle to or from the airport.  They offer covered parking---which is a must in Phoenix!  The lot seemed safe and secure as well.
2	After reading all the positive reviews on Yelp, I was very interested in using this company for airport parking. When I went to use their website to make a online reservation, I was warned their website has a invalid security certificate from 7/18! . I called the manager Donna who was very polite on the phone. Although, the only information I received was the "the IT guys are working on it"   and was told I can bring a dollar off coupon when I come in. Part of the convenience of using a company like this is to make your reservation online so you can save time! I'm sorry to say I  will not be using this company in the near future.
5	I park here at least a few times a month, and I just love it. I've only had to wait a while once, and that was when the airport changed which door shuttles were allowed to pick up at in terminal 4--after 20 minutes, i called and the informed me of the change. Not their fault.Nevertheless. They are always quick, friendly, and their structure is nice, clean and secure. I also love the fact that I can schedule online and pre-pay...i'm always in and out without any troubles at all. I would absolutely recommend this location to everyone needing to park long or short term--especially if coming from the east valley.
5	Is it possible to genuinely LOVE a long-term parking lot?  As it turns out- YES!  Blue Sky Airport Parking is always fast and reliable, and provides flawless and friendly service...I've parked here over a dozen times and every single time, the shuttle is behind my car, ready to swoop me up before I even get my bags unloaded from the car- at which point, the friendly drivers jump out to get my bags for me :)  I always plan on bringing a little cash with me to tip the drivers- since I KNOW the service will be excellent!  The trip to the airport is very fast and their entire operations function like a well-oiled machine...the free cookie coupon is a nice added touch and the "frequent parkers" punch card is great for a free day of parking after every 10 days purchased.
5	I park here regularly and it's always a good experience.  I've never had to wait more than 5 minutes for the shuttle, they don't drive around the lot until every seat is full, drivers are courteous and so are the cashiers.  Last time I misplaced my ticket and was a little frantic but the cashier simply asked me when I had arrived and rung me up accordingly.  These guys are the bomb.
5	They do a great job transporting people! The best part is the free paradise bakery cookie!!
5	Honestly I did not expect much from an airport parking location but man does this place deliver.Very secure and clean location with extremely competent people. We were running behind when we got there and boy did everyone step up to keep us on track. I don't like leaving my car anywhere for extended periods of time other than at home but I felt very comfortable leaving my car with Blue Sky.I would have been happy with competent people and a secure location but the free cookie at Paradise was a nice extra touch.
5	I know I've already review Blue Sky Parking a couple times, but after going here EVERY WEEK for the past 10 months, it really deserves to have another amazing review from me! The staff is amazing and super considerate, there are even a couple who know me when I drive up and are super friendly. Their service is definitely top notch and I will never park at the airport again! Thank you Blue Sky for being so awesome!!!
4	I used Blue Sky for the first time recently and I was overall very happy with my experience. The parking was very reasonably priced, and the lot was secure and very easy to get to as it is south of the airport. if you are coming from the east valley you don't need to navigate the airport on your own at all. Drivers (and customer service agents) were quick and efficient and friendly and the vans were clean and didn't smell funky. There were a few things I wasn't a fan of, though. First, while it's great that a shuttle arrives to your car to pick you up, I found that they arrived literally 10 seconds after I pulled in. As there were other people on the bus waiting I felt extremely rushed as I gathered up my luggage and made sure I had everything I needed before I locked up my car. (To be clear, the driver himself wasn't rushing me. I just don't like to inconvenience other people and make them wait because of me.) Anyways this isn't the best feeling to have as you are about to board a flight out of town. If you are easily flustered my best advice is to be very prepared before you pull in. There is an office complex right across the street so I think next time I use Blue Sky I'll pull in there quickly first to get situated before I head to the lot.The other thing that bothered me was how they direct you to the lane you are supposed to park in. I'm that weirdo who likes to stalk out parking spots for the ones that are next to curbs or small cars. I know this makes me sound crazy, but I'd prefer to park where I want and meet the shuttle at a central location. Going back to my previous comment, this would also give me the freedom and time to make sure I've collected all my belongings as well. Obviously their current system is extremely popular with clients so I don't see them changing it any time soon, and I don't blame them at all for doing it this way. But it would be really awesome if they had a small pick up area up front for people like me. I would be 5 star happy if I had the freedom to park wherever I want and the ability to meet the shuttle up front!
5	This is for sure one of the best parking facilities,  I have used. Very secure location, there is always someone ready to pick you up and drop at airport.  Additional perks like free cookie, free car wash and Groupon deals are also awesome. I can confirm that even though they are off site they do get you quickly to airport. Lot is very easily accessible from 143.
1	Called to ask which good to exit and was told there was a driver waiting. 30 seconds later, I walked out as the driver left me standing.  Called again and was told another driver was on the way.  15 minutes later, thy arrives.  Not happy at 1:25am.
5	When is anyone ever compelled to write a review about a parking lot?? Well, this one really sets a new standard. A once dreaded experience of searching for secure parking and getting to the airport on time has been turned into an experience where the normal hassles are eliminated. They offer covered parking. Spaces are not crammed together. Shuttle driver helps you with your bags immediately and pulls up right when you park (no wasted time - perfect for a commuter who is normally cutting it close to get to the gate). The icing on the cake is really the Paradise cookie voucher - a sweet treat to top off the experience. Again, when do you get rewarded with a free cookie just for doing something as mundane as parking your car?
5	I was so impressed with this company! I Made an online reservation for $8/day for covered parking. Christmas Eve morning I drove in and was directed to a spot immediately. Within five minutes the shuttle picked me up from my space and was at the airport in less than ten minutes-amazing!  The workers were very nice as well. Great service!
5	Super convenient.  The bus picks you up right by your car (no wait at all) and they load your luggage for you, and drops you off curbside...what more do you need.  Wouldn't park anywhere else. Highly recommended for families traveling.  No need to rent a cart or hurt your shoulder dragging luggage.
5	I honestly never thought I'd be writing a review about a parking lot, but this place takes airport parking to a new level! It could not have been any easier -- they pick you up right at your car after you park; then it's a short ride to the airport. Not to mention, they give you a coupon for a free cookie at Paradise Bakery! On the return trip, they drop you back at your car, you pay and go -- very painless -- and I felt like my car was very safe there while we were away.There's a coupon for $8/day uncovered or $10/day covered, so be sure to print that out before you go, or pre-pay for the same deal. Not bad pricing for a great experience and peace of mind while you're traveling!
5	I've said it before on your FB page and I will say it again-we will never park anywhere else but Blue Sky Airport Parking. Fast, courteous staff, clean lot, clean shuttles and safe/secure parking! Love the loyalty parking program and the AAA discount!!Thanks for providing great service!
5	I LOVE Blue Sky parking. LOVE. I travel at least twice a month, and whenever I have to park at the airport, I use Blue Sky. You should too, here's why. First, they have amazing customer service - every shuttle driver is super friendly and helpful, as are all the cashiers. Second, everything is still pretty new / in great condition - the shuttle, the parking spots, etc. Third, they are inexpensive! One of the best priced airport parking spots. Fourth, the shuttles pick up from the airport very quickly, I don't think I've ever waited more than 10 minutes, normally less than 5 minutes. Finally, you get a coupon for a cookie, yes, a cookie! OH - and they have a good customer loyalty program.I previously used the Parking Spot, but Blue Sky is leaps and bounds better. Try them out the next time you need to park at the airport! They have a coupon on their website, and often have even better deals through facebook/groupon.
5	Using Blue Sky was a smooth and easy experience.  We didn't realize that when we purchased our Groupon that we needed to put that info in on the website when reserving our parking spot, however, the cashier on the way out was extremely nice and gave us a punch card for a free day in the future to make up for the difference.We left one of our cars here for six days while getting married in Florida.  The shuttle picked us up right at our car when we dropped it, and the return shuttle dropped us right back at our car on the way out - really excellent service and FAST with the bags and drop.  They are close to the airport, so the shuttle ride is short and the drivers were professional.  We will be using them again if / when we need to drop a car for a vacation!
5	We booked a reservation with Blue Sky parking for one of our cars so that we didn't have to get a ride to / from the airport for a recent flight we took. The online reservations were easy to make and we purchased a Groupon for $2 for a single day of parking. Finding the location was easy and as soon as we parked and began to take suitcases out of the trunk, a shuttle pulled up right behind my car and was ready to whisk us to the airport, no waiting! We arrived at the airport about 7-10 minutes after parking and they dropped us right to where our airline check-in was located.On the return trip, the location we were supposed to pick up the return shuttle was a touch confusing, but once arrived (only about 5 min) it was easy enough to get on board and back to the lot. The drivers both to and from the airport were very friendly, quick and efficient with everything and made the whole experience a breeze.When we went to check out, the cashier explained that the reservation hadn't just been confirmed, but paid for when we reserved it, so we couldn't use the Groupon we purchased. However, he was nice enough to give us a "free day" card for our next visit, since we wouldn't be flying again soon enough to use the Groupon deal without it expiring.Overall: AEasy to use, convenient on-line booking, quick and easy service to / from the airport and friendly staff.  Will definitely use when we fly again!
5	I LOVE Blue Sky parking.  Once you are parked there is a shuttle right at your car ready to help load your bags which is far superior to having to drag your bags across the parking lot to get to a bus stop like at the airport.  They have a punch card so every 8th day is free which is a nice perk for someone who travels often.  If you book online and prepay it is a little cheaper.  I would strongly recommend Blue Sky to anyone having to park at the airport.
4	Good place to park close to te airport easy to get to, busses are clean and personal is very professional
5	Fantastic customer service, great drivers, affordable prices. Not even two minutes after we parked in our covered spot, the shuttle was there to pick us up & drop us off right at our terminal. Once we retuned home, the wait for the shuttle was less than 5 minutes and got us to our car within 10 minutes max. The cashier was incredibly friendly & allowed us an additional discount on top of our coupon AND groupon. Fantastic experience, will definitely park there again and again!
5	I have parked here twice now and each time I had an amazing, painless experience. After a long day of traveling today, I was so energized after interacting with my gregarious and positive driver, Joe. Joe really brightened my day and I was so impressed by his service and friendliness. All of the other employees were extremely friendly and helpful as well. I will definitely park again!!
5	I have had nothing but stellar service and friendly staff when I have used Blue Sky. This last trip, yesterday (5/14) I was in such a hurry, that I actually left one of my bags in the parking lot when I left! I didn't realize it until I was almost home and got a call from Danny (Denny?) letting me know that they had it and would hold it inside for me. If I had parked at Sky Harbor, I doubt I would have gotten my bag back... I was so impressed by their service and hospitality. I will never use anyone else. Look for the deals on fb and Groupon... You will pay the same or less as other parking places, and get soooo much more.
5	Holy cow this place is absolutely amazing!  From the guy who welcomed is as we got our ticket to the guy who drove us to our airline.  Just unreal customer service. Clean, safe, secure, fast, friendly, covered parking and smiles for days from employees!  AMAZING!!!  Nice job!  Keep it up and thank you for the fantastic service!!!
5	This place is awesome!! Friendly staff and great service. Literally takes less than 5 minutes from the airport, always has some kind of groupon offer available, picks and drops you off right in front of your car. Will be happy to use them again
5	Have parked there before as well as with other companies. However, had to be at airport at 4:30 AM!! and was worried about what the service would be like at 4 am in the morning.  I was very pleasantly surprised with their efficiency at 4 am.  I drove in and the young man jumped out of the booth with a bounce in his step and a smile on his face and grabbed the ticket from the machine and handed it to me and welcomed me and directed me to my assigned parking area.  As I was driving down the row, the shuttle came around the corner and was waiting for me before I got out of the car and again a smile and a 'how are you' as if it was 4 in the afternoon!!  Incredibly impressed with the service and hope their employer apppreciates them and compensates them appropriately for the night shift and their great attitude!!!
5	Makes travel almost painless.  Easy to find and they pick you up at your car.  Drop off is at your terminal.  People are very friendly and helpful.   If you follow Groupon,  you can buy a discounted rate.  Covered parking is so much less that at Sky Harbor Terminal parking.
4	Great experience, never have had a problem and they give Yelp discounts. Yes!We've used Blue Sky many times and the service is pretty straight forward. Almost all the spaces are covered, a clear plus for those 110 degree summer days.  For the most part, it takes about ten to fifteen minutes from when we park our car, to when get off their shuttles bus. Pretty quick!So, yes "we're a Fan"!
1	Not the place to b at 4 am. Watched 5 shuttles roam around while being told we can't get one but the one for our station,nEVER AGAIN!
5	Who would think that you could be impressed with an airport parking experience?? Next time you need to park at the airport, you've got to try Blue Sky Parking. I was a skeptic and didn't think they could impress me enough to use them instead of just using the Airport parking, but they did. Their parking lot (covered and uncovered) is easier to access than the airport economy lots, their parking lot is very clean and maintained and they have great security to keep your vehicle safe. Most important is their customer service. We used them this past week. Before we were even out of our car, the shuttle was pulled up behind our car and the driver was loading our luggage. It took about 5 minutes from the time we pulled in to the parking lot to the time they dropped us at the airport curb. Once we returned, they picked us up outside the baggage claim doors (shuttles run about every 5 minutes) and had us back to our car - literally dropped us off at our trunk - within 5 - 10 minutes. All of their employees were very friendly and smiling - not the normal 'I hate my job' attitude I've gotten from most other shuttle / taxi drivers in my travels. The General Manager, John Warren, quickly responded to an email inquiry I submitted via their website prior to using their services. It was his prompt and customer focused response that convinced me to try them out. I'm glad I did. There is also a Groupon that will get you 1 day for $2. Try them out.
5	We travel 6 to 8 times a year to visit children out of state. We've used Blue Sky about a dozen times now, and will never go back to any other airport parking option, or to SuperShuttle. Blue Sky is reasonably priced, secure, clean and efficient. Every single employee -- no exceptions -- has been professional, courteous, prompt and very friendly. We get a coupon discount each time, we use their punch card, we get a free cookie from Paradise Bakery in the airport, and we get a voucher for a free car wash at Cobblestone afterward. Every visit! We park in uncovered parking to save money, but there is plenty of covered parking, should you choose. All in all, THIS is how every business should be run.
5	We switched to bluesy about a year ago and have had no complaints. It's easy to find, clean and safe, and they always honor their discounts. The drivers are always nice and helpful. Bill C was very friendly, got us to the airport safely and quickly, even asked which door we preferred.
5	I love parking here! They are always so welcoming at the gate and quick and helpful when you return. The customer service is great, clean, and quick. Plus you get a coupon when you park for a voucher for a free cookie at Paradise Bakery. There is nothing better than having no hassle parking and boarding a plane with a warm, fresh chocolate chip cookie.Park here and you will be pleased!
5	Great customer service, close to the airport. Pick up from the airport was a breeze and the pricing was great. We'll be using Blue Sky whenever we travel.
5	I wanted to see what parking options I had for a recent business trip so of course came to Yelp (my fellow Phoenix Yelpers are always so incredibly helpful!) I had an early morning flight out and late night flight back, and just didn't think I'd feel very safe in the airport's long term parking areas - they've always been a little scary for me when traveling alone.Enter Blue Sky. I'll admit - my first thought when I saw all of the great reviews was that perhaps, fellow Yelpers, you've been lead astray. 5 star reviews? For. A. Parking. Lot. This native New Yorker wasn't having any of it. Well you showed me, and for that I thank you because these guys really are that good!   From the happy smiles at 4am (happier than me, I admit) and instant pick up AT MY CAR - no dark, scary walks across sort-of-deserted lots here! - they really helped to start my trip off more relaxed than I've ever been when starting a trip. And no joke - I was at the airport in 10 minutes. On my return, I easily found the shuttle back and even with a full load of other people, still got back to my car in maybe 15 minutes. Other customers were so nice - it's like the great service from Blue Sky rubs off on everyone! Drop-off was right at my car door, and the lovely driver even helped put my bag in my car. Super clean and nice shuttles, excellent people - I'll never go back to regular airport parking again.
5	Love this place!  Makes parking so easy. They are totally organized & so fast to pick you up & drop you off.  The lot is easy to find, safe, clean & the people are actually nice to the public.  Never thought I would love a parking lot!
5	This is by far the best airport parking option. I have used Blue Sky the past 2 times I have traveled, the staff is friendly, clean, and very professional :) In addition there are ALWAYS coupons online and they allow you to combine groupon and coupon specials :)
5	I received flawless service from the beginning to the end...The Shuttle driver was extremely polite, as well as the cashier attendant.   I highly recommend BLUE SKY, and will certainly use their lot to park my car whenever I travel.
5	So fast and easy. Parked here for 4 days over Labor Day weekend. Paid ahead of time online and saved $1 per day. A van was there to pick me up at my car before I even got out. Got to terminal 2 in about 7 minutes. Pick up was a breeze. I got in at about 9:30pm and they said you didn't have to call for pickup until after 10pm but since I'm paranoid, I called anyways. They were there about 2 minutes later and I was the only one on my shuttle. At my car 5 minutes later. handed the girl at the exit lane my pre-paid receipt and the little card from the machine when I drove in and was on my way. No waiting time. Couldn't have been easier. Super easy to find off the freeway, even for this girl who just moved to Phoenix. I'll be using this again next week when I fly.
5	I was pleasantly surprised when I used Blue Sky for some recent trips because I wasn't sure how quickly they would be able to get me back and forth from the terminal.  There are a few off airport parking companies but this one is conveniently located right off of the 143 & University.Sky Harbor has made some drastic changes to their economy parking and it took way too long for me to get back and forth.  They send the shuttle over to your parking spot directly so you don't even need to work about hauling your luggage to a predetermined pick up spot.  Don't even both with going to the terminal because Blue Sky makes it fast, convenient, and has great discounts.If you book your space online you are able to get a discount and check your Valpak mailers as they have coupons in there as well.
1	I read the various reviews before selecting Blue Sky. I bought a Groupon and Prepaid my parking, even called them to check on how to book it with the Groupon which was not explained on the website. When I returned from my trip, while the bus driver was very efficient, the checkout attendant refused to accept my Groupon which was $2 for one day and additional days had been prepaid @$10/day. So I paid $2 for the groupon, and then had to re-pay for that same day another $10 for that Groupon prepaid day!! The attendant was extremely RUDE and did not acknowledge the fact that I had purchased the Groupon the same day I entered their lot!  I told him I had seen other reviews that had showed that they had not honored other Groupon coupons and he said he was unaware of that. That was my only concern in advance and sure enough they did it to me too! I wonder how many others are experiencing this Ripoff experience?! The worst part was not the $10 he insisted I pay, but his terrible attitude. BTW-This is my very first Internet review. I am outraged by #1 the fact they are ripping people off, and #2 Terrible customer service at checkout.
5	Best deal out there. Excellent, timely service and friendly staff. Often receive a coupon for a free Paradise cookie (don't need, but delicious) and a free car wash. Unbelievable deal if you score a $2 groupon deal...like getting paid to park.
5	John, the manager was amazing on the phone when I needed directions, super patient and kind. All good and smooth and reasonable and I loved them!
5	This is hands down, the best way to park at the Airport.  Very clean site that is conveniently located with no concern about safety like many of the others.  Lots of covered parking.  The shuttles are ALWAYS right there to take you when you park and never making you wait when you return.  The staff is super friendly and express their appreciation for your business consistently.  This is so easy and so reasonably priced at $11/day for covered.  Plus they have frequent parking cards for free parking.
5	Parked at Blue Sky for the first time a few weeks ago and couldn't have been any easier at half the cost of airport parking or taking a cab or uber from my apartment. Check out Groupon for a deal and pay ahead to save some more money. I parked in uncovered parking and had no issues, there are cameras all over and a high fence. They pick you up at your car and take you to your terminal and it takes all of about 10 minutes. I was a little unclear where they pick you up upon arrival back to PHX so I gave them a call and they were there within 5 minutes, I probably should've asked when I first parked but no issues there. Keep your ticket that they give you when you first park and they'll drop you off right at your car. Tip the driver too. I parked for 3 days (I think) and it was around $32.
5	This is my only airport parking company. Location - Not far from I-10 or Loop 202, I'm from a student in Tempe so it's location on university makes for a short ride home after a long flight. Lot - It feels fairly secure and offers covered and uncovered parking spots. Drop-Off/Pick Up - The shuttle runs frequently and I've never had to wait more than a couple minutes when exiting the lot or returning from the airport. Plus a coupon for a free cookie was included with my last couple visits. Tip: Book online in advance for a discount
5	I normally park at my office and take a cab or walk to the light rail station, but I had a red-eye flight, and I was traveling w/ DD, so I went with plan B; airport parking. I've never used any sort of long term airport parking facilities, so I did my research before deciding to use Blue Sky.  Luckily, I also scored a coupon in my Valu-Pak mailer just in time for my travels. GPS guided me to their lot without any complications.  Upon arrival at their security gate/entrance, I was promptly greeted by a uniformed employee, who kindly instructed me where to park and that I should wait at my car for the shuttle to come to me.  The shuttle came shortly after we parked but it was dropping off customers, so we had to wait @ 5 minutes or so for it to come back around to get us.The driver was courteous and he provided us with a card showing our parking spot #, and he instructed us to call the number on the card for airport pickup when we return (very helpful info since we were returning late).Upon our return, I called the phone number after I'd deplaned and the shuttle was there about 5 minutes after we arrived at the dedicated pick-up spot.  My car was found in good condition (no door dings found). Thanks to another Yelper, I was aware that I could use the Yelp discount in conjunction with the ValuPak coupon. I paid $29 for 4 days, which was a great deal. I wouldn't hesitate to use them again for my long term parking needs.
5	I parked here for the first time this past weekend and I have to say that I came away very impressed. Unlike some other places where you have to wait awhile for the shuttle to pick you at your car, they were there to greet me before I could even unload my bags and once onboard, I found the driver to be very friendly and cheerful. Upon my return, I arrived around 11pm and gave them a call. The shuttle arrived in less than 4 minutes. It was great, especially considering that when I used another shuttle in the past, I would stand on the curb watching all of the other shuttle companies coming and going, while I would still be there waiting 10 minutes later. I highly recommend Blue Sky Airport Parking.
5	Blue Sky Parking is the best way place to leave your car while you are away on holiday.  The staff is very friendly, and the shuttle buses are always ready to pick you up from your car and from the airport.I will never park my car anywhere else.Thank you, Blue Sky Parking!!
5	WOW! Just a great place. When you think of off airport parking, you immediately think of dirty large lots, dragging your stuff to a pick up area...not blue sky! They follow you your spot, put your luggage on the bus, really nice people!  I booked it for my wife last week and gave her a coupon, but she did not have my card. I followed up and one of the managers Denise was so nice and then followed up with a personal email to update me. Really like this place!
5	My first time using airport parking (really early departure and super late return) and I am SO impressed. First the price was right, making the reservation was easy as pie, and with the exception of one person (morning driver: didn't offer to help me with my bag...Not sure if it was because I only had one or because I was a guy but he never made any attempt to help. Come to think of it, can't remember if he spoke), everyone was personable, friendly, professional and kind! From checking in to leaving...HIGHLY RECOMMENDED and I will personally USE AGAIN!
4	We tried Blue Sky for the first time over Christmas, and all in all, it was a pretty good experience. I paid ahead of time, was guided to a parking spot, and the van was right there to pick us up. Coming back was not as great, as I had to call three times to get someone to pick us up. Then we stopped at two other terminals to jam more people in, before we finally got back to the parking lot. Everyone else was dropped off at their car first, and we finally made it to our car 45 minutes after initially calling. When leaving, the guy could not find our paperwork, so we had to wait there another 10 minutes before we were finally allowed to leave.
