2	So we've been hearing all sorts of buzz about Culver's.. the famous butter burger and frozen custard place from Wisconsin. So we piled in the car and headed out to Mesa. When we got there the place was packed.. we stood in line for 10 minutes before it was our turn. The service is very friendly and super helpful. We even ordered the flavor of the day, caramel cashew swirls and were told we could pick that up later so it didn't melt while we ate our dinner.. that was very cool!Anyway, you place your order and they give you a number so they can bring it out to you when its ready.. another nice touch. Well after we got our food, butter burgers, fries and cheese curds we felt well, kind of let down. The burgers here are alright, kinda greasy and lacked a good beef flavor. The cheese curds were also deep fried (as most on the menu) and were good but not as good as I was hoping. The crowd there.. it was like I was in Iowa or something.. definite Walmart crowd.. I sat there and watched this kid pick his nose and then proceed to fill his soda cup from the soft drink fountain.. uhm, yeah.. I just looked at my cup and thought about all the other people who touched that button.. suddenly didn't feel very good. We got our frozen custards.. eh, very very smooth and creamy but to me just tasted like ordinary soft serve ice cream. Cashews were salty and nicely roasted, a good contrast to the smooth custard but lack depth and interest in the overall taste of the frozen custard.I probably wouldn't ever go back here.. though the service is great and is priced well, I just don't think the food was worth the drive back out to Mesa.
3	So my roommate is from Wisconsin - it is an endless source of good-natured teasing. She's been yappin' about taking me to this Culver's since October.So like a good roommate, I went with her last night with a couple of our friends and I have to admit the ButterBurgers are much better than your average fast food joint fare. They also had a varied menu that included salads and chicken which was a nice surprise.Best reason to go though - the custard. Good burgers but it's still no In N Out!
4	Yum! Frozen Custard! I've been dreaming of it since I got back from a visit to Green Bay last summer ;)I was excited to hear that Culver's opened here in Mesa -- I don't eat their burgers, but it' s nice to have a place for frozen custard -- there are so few places for any type of frozen dessert in Phoenix (which is odd, considering how hot it is) and there are even fewer places for custard.When I went to Culver's last weekend, I had the  peanut butter cup custard -- it was delicious. My husband didn't really see the difference between custard and ice cream, so I had to give him the custard speech: It's really different! First of all, custard is so creamy, when you jab your spoon in it, it just sticks there. Custard won't even fall off your spoon. And it has a much more egg-y flavor, probably because there is more butterfat and more egg yolks in custard than in ice-cream. There's also a lot less air in custard, making it denser than ice cream. While Culver's was never my FAVORITE place for custard when I lived in Wisconsin, I have a lot of fond memories of hanging out at the place in high school, and I'm glad to see it brought here to the Valley.
3	Change is coming to Arizona.After years of being written off as a red state, a new challenger had emerged from the Midwest with the hope of turning us blue. In a challenging economy, the naysayers wonder if they will get very far. Others have ignored them as a bunch of hype, providing no hope to Arizonans and their diet. And by now, many Yelp Elite members have all but counted them out.But the people at Culver's have a different idea.They realized this race isn't about them or any other burger franchise in this state. It's about whether Arizona-at this defining moment-will continue down this same road of being dominated by Californian or Texas chains, or whether we will seize this opportunity to take the state down a different path--to forge a different culinary future for the dining scene we hold dear.And yet, in spite of all the doubt and disappointment - or perhaps because of it - many have come to Culver's Mesa location out  in numbers that this country has never seen, and stood for change. It stands reassuring, a familiar in a strip mall laden with an uncertain future, physically incomplete and a harbinger of an age of economic insecurity. But wait in line or sit in the drive thru and you will see that everything is made to order. And for some this means you will have to wait, and wonder if your window of opportunity is passing you by. But then a friendly face walks up to you and hands you what you have been waiting for.Culver's faces an opponent, In-N-Out, who arrived in California nearly eight years ago as a fast food hero, and earned an admirable reputation for a simple menu and independence from the franchise model.Yet the one thing that In-N-Out doesn't represent is change. Change is mixing ground sirloin and ground chuck into a single, uniform taste. Change is coating the bun in butter and then toasting it. Change is serving a burger where you taste this more than the sauce.Change is offering different sides than just French fries. Change is allowing combos not just with salads or even mashed potatotes but Dairyland Cheese Curds. That is the legacy of earlier progressives like Bob LaFollete and Hiram Johnson.Change is promoting your desserts just as much as your burgers. And change is being willing to eschew the safety of ice cream and the novelty of frozen yogurt for the consistency of custard. That is what change is. That is the choice this fall in Arizona.The same question that first led us to Yelp a year ago months ago is the one that has brought us back here.  it is the one we will debate from Anthem to Maricopa, from the East Valley to the West Valley- the question of whether this state, at this moment, will keep doing what we've been doing, or whether we will take that different path. It is more of the same versus change. It is the past versus the future. It has been asked and answered by generations before us, and now it is our turn to choose.
4	If you don't like Dairy Queen, just stop reading now... Are they gone now? OK, for the rest of us, Culver's is a family-friendly fast food joint, and their Butter Burger is pretty good. As other reviewers have mentioned, the burger is not the same as In-N-Out, but I get sick of the same old burger. I like some variety, and this is a good-tasting, fairly high quality burger. It's a bit unique because they butter the inside of the bun and press the beef patty until you get a slightly toasty outer edge on your patty. As for the sides, the cheese curds are not that great (A&W has better), but the onion rings are good. I haven't tried their crinkle cut fries yet, but I hear they're pretty good. Eh, from now on, I will just get a single Butter Burger and a small custard; that's more than enough food for one person!I will probably visit Culver's every month or two just to try something new from their large menu. The service is VERY good and VERY friendly, the restaurant is clean, and there is a nice LCD where they show sports games. However, you shouldn't bother coming to Culver's unless you like ice cream. The custard tastes a lot like soft-serve ice cream, but thicker and richer. The different flavors of custard mixes are fun, but avoid the brownie bits (eww!). On the other hand, the turtle mix was really good with all those nice roasted pecans.Give Culver's a shot. Just skip the sides and save PLENTY of room for dessert
5	Ambience: 5/5 (relaxing blue and white decor, always super clean, with quality tables and booths and televisions in the background, outdoor patio seating; it's a fast food burger chain, but it feels like a family diner, and that's a good thing) Food: 5/5 (ignorant chaps from the west coast will tell you that In-N-Out Burger is the best burger joint in the world; they are dead wrong; Culvers's butter burgers are made from the freshest beef, grilled to perfection with that oh-so-tasty char-grilled edges and a slice of Wisconsin cheese, topped with a toasted bun with a pickle on top; a burger simply cannot get any better; the other thing they are famous for is genuine, made-fresh-daily creamy frozen custard that simply is unparalleled; do yourself a favor and drive there right now, order a double butter cheeseburger with ketchup and nothing else, substitute cheese curds for fries, upgrade your drink to a frozen custard banana shake, and enjoy the best meal you will ever eat at fast food joint) Service: 5/5 (this is what fast food service should always be like; friendly staff who genuinely want you to enjoy your meal; efficient counter service in which they give you a number, cook your food fresh, made to order, and then bring it out to you; for fast food, Culver's has unparalleled service) Value: 5/5 (a little more expensive than other fast food joints, but it's still reasonably priced and the food is so much better than the competition that you are more than getting your money's worth) Verdict: there is no debate, Culver's is the best fast food restaurant in the country; they have the best burger (butter burger), the best side (cheese curds), the best dessert (frozen custard), and the best service; sorry to say it to all you In-N-Out fans, but Culver's owns In-N-Out in every category possible.
5	If you've read some of my other reviews you'll see a trend. Kohl's Department Stores.....Brewers spring training...... Yep, I'm a cheesehead. (But if you EVER actually catch me wearing a hunk of fake foam cheese on my head, shoot me. Really.) What can I say? I like Culver's. It reminds me of home. It's total comfort food. Got one of their Wisconsin Swiss melts. What other fast food joints offer burgers with Swiss on rye? The crinkle cut fries are always hot and fresh. And tasty. Culver's is known for their frozen custard. What Wisconsinite has not driven past a Culver's, looked at their sign, checked out the 'flavor of the day', and gone, "Hey, that sounds good!!", and quickly pulled into the parking lot? If you're from Wisconsin or the Midwest stop in for a Butterburger and some custard....it will bring back lots of good memories. Like another reviewer noted when he said he felt like he was in Iowa or something.....well.....that's the whole charm behind Culver's. You DO feel like you're in Wisconsin or one of the upper Midwest states. Granted I'm not the best person to review Culver's....I'm a little biased towards it. But if you want a 'different' kind of fast food experience and you've never been to the upper Midwest, it's a heck of a whole lot cheaper than flying there. Give it a chance....see if you like it.
3	You know if there is a frozen custard place anywhere in driving distance I will find it!  I'm tickled pink to find this one not far from my daughter's house in Mesa, AZ.  I even felt their quality was better than the ones's I had visited in the Mid-west and Texas, though maybe it was just cause I'd missed them.  Usually you won't catch me suggesting a fast food joint but we went here for lunch today.  I got the Pork Tenderloin sandwich which had a meat pattie way bigger than the bun it was on, perfectly breaded and fried with surprisingly fresh lettuce and tomato on it.  Daughter got a Deluxe Butter Burger with two patties and two slices of cheese.  It was good too.  She got a Reese's Peanut Butter "Concrete Mixer" drink for dessert, which I tasted and liked.  I got a Sundae with a scoop of vanilla frozen custard and Hot Fudge on top and it was so smooth and creamy, just like it should be.  I hope to get back there again before I leave but even if I don't at least I got my fix today!(4/19/09)5/1/00I couldn't resist stopping here on the way to my motel.  I decided to try the "Walleye Basket" which was the daily special.  The fish was good and it was a thick piece and the breading was nice and crisp but it was very oily (10pm, end of the day) and the fish had a slight cod liver oil taste so I would probably not order it again.  The mashed potatoes were okay, about on a par with KFC, maybe a little better.  The Daily Flavor of Frozen Custard was M & M Mixins, which turned out to be a chocolate-vanilla mix with M & M mini's in it.  I would have liked it better without the candy.  The frozen custard was delicious as always.  They locked the doors and stopped letting people in before 10pm closing which I thought was not cool, especially after seeing two little boys be disappointed when they found out they couldn't get any frozen custard.  I guess the teenagers thought if they started closing before 10pm they could be out the door at 10.  That's not how the restaurant business works though.
2	The place looked good from the outside. Yet, as I ordered one of their burgers, I was disappointed. The beef patty was very thin and soggy. The fries were, in addition to sharing the sogginess of the burger, a tad cold. The place was packed though--so, it must have been one of those orders that did not hit the mark. I am not sure I would go back.
5	A few years ago I discovered Culver's while visiting my sisters in Austin. I fell in love. When I learned they were building one within a 10 minute drive from my house, well, I can't describe the feeling. It's actually a good thing that they aren't closer or I'd probably weigh about 20 more pounds than I do.Anyway, Culver's has perfected the hamburger. Who else but a midwestern fast food chain would come up with the concept to dredge their hamburgers in butter before cooking them? They aren't those frozen uniform-sized patties either. My personal fave is the Swiss Mushroom variety but they have lots of other options as well. I hear the salads are good too - I just like the burgers too much to order anything different.And their frozen custard is truly food of the gods. If you've never had frozen custard, you are in for a treat. It's like ice cream, but even more creamy with a slightly firmer texture. I tend to lean towards the turtle sundae which is assembled to perfection - vanilla custard topped with caramel, fudge and pecans.They also have some very creative flavors of the day, including cheri amour amaretto, turtle cheesecake, bananas foster, caramel cashew, chocolate covered strawberry, apple pie... the list goes on and on.The best part is that the prices aren't but a tad higher than you'd pay a McDonald's. Our family of 4 (which includes 2 teenage boys) can usually dine there for about $30 including dessert.
4	Two facts:Culvers trumps In N Out.Whoever compared Culvers to Dairy Queen is bonkers. they don't even compareI have been hearing this dumb commercial about 'being culverized' on KTAR and all I could think was how dumb it was that we were getting commercials for places we don't even have.ha, i was dumb. we do have a culvers!!! and i am now in love.reasons why it's better than In N Out:-while I love In N Outs meat patties, their cheese selection sucks. at culvers you pick your cheese- american, cheddar or swiss (i hate american cheese which is the only cheese offered at In N Out)- They have red onion, i love both onions but red is way better-I like their hamburger patties just a bit more than In N Outs(both are good)- Culvers shakes and custard are totallllllyyyyyy better than any milkshake In N Out could ever make.- I love all the options of burgers you can get at culvers! including bacon and if you dont want a burger their chicken strips look pretty awesome i am so excited i heard those dumb commercials and looked them up!!!!!!i will say that In N Outs fries are way better than culvers.  but that's it.
4	Culver's is an unusual place.  From the road, it looks like another Dennys or (gasp) Waffle House kind of joint.  For years I drove past frequently and assumed that's what was going on inside.  Not true, it's actually a more of a fast food joint, but with a massive menu containing more traditional items you'd sooner expect to find at Dennys, plus a ton of dessert items.  It has a large seating area, and is relatively clean.  Employees are friendly and efficient.  Those last several traits you won't find at your local Mickey D's.They brag about their "Butter Burger" being the cat's meow.  Gotta disagree with Sam - it's NOT a better burger than In-N-Out, but it's still pretty decent and of course there's a ton more stuff on the menu than the mighty king of drive-thru burgers offers.  Tonight was my second visit, the first time having the aforementioned burger, which I liked plenty, then tonight I opted for a creation called the "Wisconsin Double", which sounds more like something on the menu at a seedy Oshkosh massage parlor than at a restaurant, but I digress.  Rather than a tag team of local masseuses of questionable character, it's actually a patty melt-type of thang, with 2 of the better-than-decent hamburger patties slid between slices of grilled rye bread, topped with swiss cheese and grilled onions.  No additional greasy stuff (mayo, thousand island artery cloggers, etc) added to muck up the formula. That sucker was pretty damn good, and not your run-of-the-mill fast food fare.  For a side (to complete a "basket", consisting of entree, side & medium drink) I opted for the cole slaw, which was just barely OK.  The greens were fresh and crispy, but something about the dressing just didn't do it for me.  Last time I was there I opted for the mashed potatoes (Brak LOVES mashed potatoes!) and they were great.. not sure wth I was thinking this time.  Lesson learned.Didn't have a dessert tonight, but last time had some sort of lemon ice concoction, and it was great.  Lots of interesting desserts on the menu, including something called the "concrete mixer", which sounds frighteningly unhealthy, but is probably very tasty.All in all, a solid 4-star experience, and receives Brak's coveted seal of approval.  Give Culver's a shot, I think you'll be glad you did.
3	My husband and I took my 2 teen sisters here a couple weeks ago & maybe my expectations were too high after reading all the great reviews, but I thought this place was seriously over-rated. The food and service were just average, comparable to most other burger joints. We got burgers, chicken tenders, and onion rings. I prefer the onion rings at Sonic to Culver's. We also got the "concrete mixers" for dessert and again, very average. I will say I was impressed by the nice women's restroom :D
5	For a fast food burger, this place is TOPS! Far superior to In'n'Out, which seems to be what a lot of people choose to compare it with. I guess it's like the whole Coke vs. Pepsi thing, except with burgers. And my choice is obvious. Tons of choices for toppings and condiments, fries are crinkle-style and tasty, and the selection of deserts is almost too much! Fresh food, friendly service, clean dining room and restrooms. Food takes a little longer than say, McDonald's, but it's well worth the extra minute. Give it a try, I think you'll be impressed.
2	The burger I had there was tasteless and had a weird texture. The fries were decent and their signature Rootbeer was delicious, but I've definitely had better elsewhere.In all fairness, I did not try their frozen selection, so I will definitely come back to give them another try.
5	Culver's gets five stars on their custard alone. If you've never had it before, if it's done right, frozen custard is like the richest, creamiest ice cream you've ever had. Being MN/WI transplants, the boyfriend and I were quite excited when Culver's opened up in AZ and have since introduce many friends to the joy that is frozen custard. Now, in WI frozen custard is quite common and Culver's actually lands towards the bottom of the list for custard places. But here in AZ, Culver's shoots right to the top. They have a nice variety for their flavors of the day and if you're not into that you can make your own sundae. They have shakes too and in the fall they have a pumpkin pie shake that is the best thing in the world. it really tastes like pumpkin pie in a cup.Their burgers are good, not my favorite. Surprisingly they have really good salads - I know, right? The boyfriend loves the cashew chicken salad and I adore the strawberry salad. They also have cheese curds which is great when I need a little bite of home.Their staff is usually very friendly too, which is a nice change from some fast food places where they barely say hello to you.So grab your Packers jacket and head over to Culver's for some dairyland delight.
4	On the suggestions I've seen here, we decided to head over to the Mesa Culvers today for lunch. I'm pregnant and have been craving frozen custard (yes, distinctly frozen custard, not ice cream). The menu of sandwiches and whatnot is what drew me in otherwise. I had a bacon cheeseburger (single patty) and some of the crinkle cut fries. My hubby had a basic cheeseburger, but opted to try some of the chili cheese fries. My daughter had a hot dog, side of applesauce and milk (kids meals also come with a coupon for a few scoop of the frozen custard). To top my own meal off, I got the Culvers Rootbeer (caffeine free). Hubby liked his hamburger and accurately (in my opinion) described it this way: Reminds me of when places like Wendy's and Burger King used to really cook their hamburgers from raw meat over real grills.. as opposed to what they taste like now, which is microwaved frozen cooked patties. They were seriously tasty! I really enjoyed my hamburger. Right down to the bun. I snuck a taste of hubby's chili cheese fries and they were really good, but nothing super special. However, i could see wanting to come back and have a basket of those as my meal. My daughters hamburger was served on one of the signature butter grilled buns, and it tasted awesome. But I should have remembered that she doesn't like grilled hot dogs. So next time we'll get her the chicken.. but this time she ate the applesauce and some of the crinkle fries from my meal and was pretty happy. On our way out we redeemed the coupon for the custard and she got a scoop of vanilla. I got a scoop of choc. and vanilla on a waffle cone. I REALLY wanted to try one of the other desserts (like a concrete or a milk shake) but I just decided to try the basic custard. It was so delicious! Just what I wanted.. that creamy custard type consistency (so different from ice cream.. less airy and icy and more creamy). I can honestly say that it's good that i don't live right next door to it. I would be there a few times a week otherwise!I signed up for their e-club and got a coupon for a free basket with the purchase of a basket but i forgot it. So now I know I at least have to go back for that! haha. With so much on the menu that I want to try, we'll definitely be back!
5	They make possibly the best burger on the planet....nuff said!
4	First timer for me, after hearing all the raves about the great food.  The double deluxe burger was VERY good--as good or better than In/Out but they are not as generous with onion as IN/Out is.  French frys can't hold a candle to IN/Out.  Will try their cheese curds or onion rings next time to see if any better. The custard was a big disappointment.  I admit I don't think I've ever had frozen custard before but I'll take DQ soft serve or almost ANY frozen yogurt over what I tasted on this trip to Culvers.
4	FInally, a little taste of Wisconsin has come to the valley! I remember two things about Culvers from my days in the north woods: it's really unhealthy and really tasty. So when I saw they had opened up in my neighborhood, I just kept on driving.It turns out that the menu isn't as unhealthy as I thought. It's still a variety of fast food (though definitely more high quality), but with a little planning you can find some good choices on the menu. The pot roast sandwich and mashed potatoes without gravy is less than 500 calories.Suffice it to say, I've only had the pot roast sandwich and plain mashed potatoes at this Culvers. Both are excellent. The pot roast has a fantastic flavor and always tastes fresh. The mashed potatoes are smooth and creamy. You won't even miss the gravy.
4	Love this custard. Its really one of the ONLY places in Phoenix for Custard. Amazing here in AZ there is no good ice cream to be found. I am definitely a fan or culvers however its not super close to my home. I love love love the Turtle Sundae.
3	Kind of like an upscale Dairy Queen, serving frozen custard creations, burgers, fried chicken, and anything else frozen or fried.  Their burgers are known as Butterburgers since they are thin patties cooked with a pat of butter.  I had some cherry cheesecake concrete and cheese curds.  The concrete was good, and was thick and rich, with chunks of cheesecake and small bits of cherry (more chunks of cherry would have been nice, but it still tasted great).  I wasn't a big fan of the cheese curds.  They are basically like a mini version of a mozzarella stick, battered and fried.  The cheese itself was a bit salty and I got tired of eating them after the 5th cheese curd.
3	The way my Dad talked about this place I seriously expected them to give you free lapdances with each meal. He serviced them and said their kitchen was one of the cleanest fast food kitchens he'd ever seen and then went on to blab for hours about how their food couldn't compare to anything else and they were going to change the way Arizona sees fast food.We came here as a family for dinner. The place was REALLY crowded and the line long. It's kind of hard to order because they make everything made to order (which is good I mean...yum fresh!) but that means you have to explain what you want in detail on every burger. When you're ordering for a family of five, that makes it kind of complicated. I thought their prices were a little high too but my dad insisted it was worth it. The burgers were really good. I was a big fan. The fries were whatever, but my dad ordered fried cheese curds and those were really tasty. Everything came out pretty quick but we discovered that we had been charged for an extra meal. So we ended up taking home a meal we didn't order because the line was so long we didn't want to complain about it. My family ordered frozen custard but I'm lactose intolerant so I held out. They said it was great though.I'd definitely come back here but not with my entire family. The ordering situation was just too intense and messy for me. If they're going to be as busy as they are, they should really have a better system.
2	I work not far from this place so of course I have eaten there because it is within walking distance. I was not that impressed. Their burgers, I feel, are too greasy and thing. The onion rings are just like any ordinary onion ring. The fries are okay. I have had a salad there and I wasn't that satisfied I ended up not finishing it. I could do better by going across the street to Carl's Jr.
5	This is some of the best ice cream ice ever had! It's like ice cream on steroids!!! My son and I got the concrete mixers. At buy one, get one free, you can't go wrong!
3	The Swiss burger was alright. I don't know about the fries though. It was hard to get a table in there.
3	They make an AWESOME milkshake. I also had their onion rings and cheese curds, which were tasty!
4	Have had one thing here and have returned multiple times for it.Pumpkin Pecan Concrete MixerSweet pumpkin goodness and their custard is great. It has the right amount of pumpkin, pumpkin spice, and is filled with whole high quality Pecans.Freaking YUM
2	I expected much more from this place.  I had heard exciting tales of succulent burgers cooked in yummy butter, and while I could definitely taste the butter, the rest was bland and poorly balanced.Fries were ok, but they felt like a cheap Del Taco knock-off.Service?  If you like a snotty heavy-set woman getting short with you, then it's great.  Culver's needs to hire some better folks, especially if they're trying to get their foot in the door here in Arizona.  They need employees who can think.  I had a coupon for a buy one get one free Double Deluxe, and they wouldn't substitute a cheaper burger for the free one.  Logic doesn't fly here, apparently.Oh, and whoever designed the parking lot is an idiot.  What a horrible, cramped design.  If you drive a big truck or SUV, good luck to you.I won't go back.
5	A true taste of the Midwest.
4	PFG for a lunch time burger.  I had the double with cheese and bacon with some slaw on the side.  Filled me up and gave me a greasy feeling all afternoon, but while eating it, I have to say it was really tasty.  Don't come here expecting to find burger nirvana.  Even writing this feels like I'm doing a review on a McDonalds or a Jack in the Box, but being from Hawaii and having never tried a Culver's butter burger before I'll give myself a pass this once.  Basically it's a fast food place that kicks it's burgers up a notch by adding butter.  If Mickey d's did this, they might have a law suit on their hands.  But I say as long as it's legal, the butter burger plays. 3.5 stars.
3	I got the frozen custard here, which is very tasty BUT I'm only giving them three stars because custard should have thicker consistency.I got the vanilla custard with butterfinger pieces and hot fudge - YUM :) The cool thing about the hot fudge was that it didn't melt the custard too much and had a really sweet flavor, which I appreciated.I also got to try the Andes flavored custard - which actually tasted like the candy and was green in color, most likely from the mint filling - it was definitely tasty.If you're in the mood for ice cream, this is definitely a good spot to head to!
4	Culvers is a great place! They have a large menu to please just about any one. I often suggest Culvers when I am trying to think of a place that will please almost any one. They have kids meals and old fashion dinners with items like pot roast and mashed potatoes. Culvers has nice salads also.The fries are not very good, better off with mashed potatoes, cheese curds or onion rings. The custard is alway yummy, maybe a bit too sweet but good. The fruit freezes are good. Overall, a nice place to get a low cost meal.
4	Most people who know me know that I love food and live to eat! Most people who know me understand that I am slightly eccentric. Most people who know me know that I plan my trips around what and where I am going to eat. So, most people who know me should not be shocked to learn that I drove to Arizona for a hamburger. What Carrie D? You drove to another state just for a hamburger? Are you crazy?Perhaps I am a bit crazy, but when I read about Culver's I absolutely had to try their burger and custard...so my partner-in-crime (Brian V.) and I booked a hotel, hopped in the Mini, and drove to Arizona. My BFF Forest W. just happens to live in AZ so we picked him up and headed to Culver's.Once inside I went all "fan girl" and honestly I think I freaked out the employees at the counter. They seemed genuinely shocked that I drove from another state just to try their food. After they figured out I wasn't dangerous they described the menu items, took our order, and volunteered to take our picture in front of the menu. They were very cool and alot of fun!We all had the Three Cheese Triple Butter Burger. Three smash burger patties with American, Swiss, and Cheddar Cheese. It was really good, but did not match the magic of Freddy's Steakburger or Steak & Shake. Definitely a solid 4 star burger though. My two companions shared the fried cheese curds and loved them, in fact Brian V. said he would go back to Culver's just to eat the cheese curds. For desert we all had the Flavor of the Day Concrete Mixer which was something involving chocolate custard and snickers...decadent crazy deliciousness! Thank you Culver's for not disappointing this slightly crazy burger fan. By the way, it would be awesome if you could open some stores in Southern California!!!
5	Amazing. Enough said.
4	One of my favorite fast food places, they always have good food (never had a sub-par meal).  Employees are always friendly, and the restaurant has always been clean.   They did however forget to give me napkins in the drive thru **a need when trying to eat in your car, so that is the reason for the star drop
5	So delicious.  The butter burger....WOW! and the Culver's house brewed Root Beer is the best I've ever had.  Tip:  The fries kind of suck, so substitute for the cheese curds!
1	Good food Horrible service!!!!!!!!  They need to have an intervention with a Dr. of Customer Service.  Management please step it up, help your staff be considerate and respectful.  No matter how good the food is if I receive horrible service more than once, you get one star.
4	I have ate here more than a few times and let me tell you if I can quote the great Samuel L. Jackson "This is one tasty burger". They are called Butter burgers but its only the bun that has the butter on it but it does bring out the flavor for sure. The burger is what they do best here along with the custard. The onion rings are also a great side to pair with the burger, they are thick and delicious. If you are going here for something else such as fish, chicken or salad they do that here as well but not as good as the burgers. One of my favorites places to cool down in the summer heat. Come here and grab a bite.
5	The best! Could eat there everyday!
4	I only had ice cream, and the burgers either have to be delicious or terrible from the looks of them. Lots of friendly people working.
5	Excellent burgers and their ice cream blows DQ out of the water.
5	After 10 years, I finally have my Butterburger fix. As good as I remembered it being in Madison, WI. That wonderfully beefy and nicely toothsome hand-formed patty. In-and-Out has nothing on you. DQ? Not even in its league... Culver's frozen custard is good, the cheese curds are as described... but the Butterburgers?? Out of this world!
5	When I first moved to Phoenix and then to the East Valley I was looking for new and different places to try.  I had never heard of Culver's.  I looked over their website and on one Saturday afternoon my daughter and I took a ride out this way.  We looked over the menu and I had one of their famous Butter Burgers.....Mushroom and Swiss, and my daughter had a grilled cheese.  The kids meals come with a one scoop sundae too, good deal.  Let me say that Butter Burgers are delicious!  I love them.  Their fries are good too but then I found cheese curds......OMG!  I am from California so I had never had these morsals of goodness before.  A Butter Burger, cheese curds and a root beer and I'm good.  But then the frozen custard.......YUM!!!  And a Concrete Mixer....wow!  And they run a special on pints to take home.  You can get 4 pints of custard for $8 and change!  Good deal!  They have a different flavor everyday.  Recently I had Pumpkin Pecan and it was delicious! The service is always fast and friendly.  I have never experienced anything but a smile here.  This location is about 10 miles from me and not far in the grand scheme of things.  I recently found out that they opened a new location closer to me!!  YAY!!  Forget those other fast food joints.  McDonald's pales in comparison.  Butter Burgers are fresh and soooo good.  And they have a variety of other choices.  They also offer fried chicken, fish and salads.  But note....this is NOT for someone on a diet.  This is where you splurge!  I love Culvers!!  Now if In and Out had frozen custard too I would be torn.
4	My family goes to Culver's about once every other month. I love the Butter Burgers and cheese curds (which I had never had prior to going my first time).  One time I did have the grilled chicken sandwich and I was very disappointed. It was dry and salty, not at all what I've come to expect from Culver's food. Every time we've gone the service has been great and everyone has been super friendly.
5	I fell in love with Culver's when I went in Wisconsin back in 2007. At the time, I had only tried the custard, which is absolutely divine! I went there a few times until I had to return home to Arizona. After a few years of patiently waiting, I found out Culver's was coming to Mesa! I was elated!!! Since then, I have expanded my pallete to their burgers, wraps and sides. I still think the custard is what makes this place special but their other food is good too. I love the fact that they have flavor of the day for custards. Totally amazing place and I would recommend to anyone who likes burgers, fries and custard.
5	Best burger in Mesa. Cheese curds are amazing. Grew up in Wisconsin, so when I get homesick... Stick with the basics, burgers, fries, and custard.
4	Been here twice. Service/ food delivery is fast. I always like how my burger is cooked. First time I had bacon cheeseburger, loved their fries. Second time I had kids meal cheeseburger and a separate order of cheese curds - they were pretty good. It almost beat Smash Burger ( my next fave burger place )... I also like their VIP card where in you get a free meal on your 8th visit. And having me and my husband ordered two different meals (one receipt) , they still stamped the card twice. Only gave 4 stars having no Culver's close to our house. Overall, worth the try!
4	The food is good. The custard is amazing. Clean and classy little Burger joint.
4	I can never complain about the food.
4	Custard is pretty good-but pricey for what you get-a la Cold Stone.Burgers are good-menu seems to be trying too hard to offer too many things to too many people. I like the cheese curds though-more places should have them.I'm told this is a midwestern chain, which explains some of it.The staff is almost eerily pleasant, and at first it was a little off-putting, but now I like it compared to the standard indifference you get at most places.
4	Smash Burger has just been smashed.
5	Got our order of 8 perfect!
4	You know, for a chain, this place is pretty amazing. My mom and I go here often when I take her grocery shopping. The staff is very friendly and super-helpful. I've had a couple of the burgers, and the pot roast. Who's ever heard of pot roast at a chain fast-food place? Culver's does it, and it's good! There are plenty of sides to choose from. The ice cream is actually frozen custard, and oh my goodness! They do a special flavor each day, vanilla, and chocolate, with various configurations and mix-ins available. Prices are reasonable. Worth it!!
5	This is the best place we have found for breaded pork tenderloin sandwiches!  They are amazing!  Their custard is well worth the price!!  Just like homemade and so many options!  Get a frequent customer card and get free custard AND a free sandwich basket after so many stamps.  Great place!  Highly recommend!
5	I love this place. So many options when it comes to side dishes.  Instead of just frys. As far as the custard goes. Their is many options you can do as far as topping. It's. It close to me but I don't mind taking the drive.
4	Love this place! Visited it for the first time tonight. I ordered cheese curds and a pumpkin cheesecake custard via drive-thru. Woahhhh, heaven! Employees were nice as well.Definitely shouldn't visit too often because I can already feel my butt getting bigger. Nice treat though :)
4	I loove Culver's! Their cheese curds are amazing! The people are friendly and everything on the menu is damn good!
4	Best burgers in Arizona!!  'Nough said.
4	Thank God people started opening Culver's franchises in AZ; I've missed them sorely since I left the Midwest.The food won't make you any thinner but wow it is delicious for fast food.  Favorite order is the Double Deluxe Butterburger Basket.Every location I've been to has very friendly staff and very clean eating and condiment areas.
4	Burgers are great!
4	It's what a burger should be.  Greasy dead delicious animal on a bun.  I always go with the double bacon deluxe, and cheese curds.  Their company root beer is good, and their frozen custard is too.  This is my favorite burger to eat when hungover.  The grease comforts my stomach.
5	Frozen Custard is very smooth, it's really good! They also have burgers that beat other fast food places. They have cheese curds that are pretty good but I cannot compare as this is the only place I have had them. The food here is not bad and the Frozen Custard is smooth and delicious!
4	CUSTARD ONLY ! ! !On my way home from work, I decided that I needed something cold and sweet . . . and so I decided to stop by Culvers for a custard.  Ordered the daily special . . . today's was Turtle Cheesecake (two scoops on a waffle cone) . . . OMG . . . it was out of this world.Here was my dilema . . . I'm now finished . . . I'm still not quite half way home . . . do I go back for another . . . Home won . . . but I will be back.There is only one problem with the Daily special custards . . . if they have a mix in them, like pieces of cheese cake, nuts, or fresh fruit . . . they are mosly on the top of the custard and not throughout . . . so when you get to the bottom of the cone, you ussually only have the base custard . . . still great . . . but sometimes you still want the extras.
3	Another great spot for burgers...The burgers remind me of BK or The Habit Burger Grill, due to its pickled taste. Aside from burgers, the sides are pretty good stuff. Cheese curds are absolutely delicious. The fries and onion rings are great, but nothing out of this world. The milk shake is pretty awesome. It sort of tastes like the one from...Habit Burger Grill.Wait...Dude, this place does taste like The Habit Burger Grill. Anyone else feel the same?
5	the food is really really great .........
4	Great burgers, not so great atmosphere!
5	I love this place.  The employees are helpful and courteous.  The food is amazing .  the custard is awesome.  Fill out the surveys on their receipts and get free custard.  you can also get free custard with the kids meals :)
4	The vanilla custard with a simple reeces is indescribable!
4	I was at my son's basketball tournament and I have a complaining teenager about being hungry. Found the closest place I could. I've always wanted to try Culver's burgers cause I've heard people talk about it. Anyways, order a single butter burger (doesn't sound too healthy) with cheese and fries. My daughter gobbled it up in less than a minute. I though the burger was pretty good. Juicy and fresh. Not bad. The fries were very crispy. Now I have another option when I have a burger craving.
4	Its from Wisconsin baby! of course its good!!! ice cream, burgers & root beer. Every once in a while I'm feeling Culver's so I'm glad they made it to town
3	Didn't leave disappointed, but not thrilled either.  Chopped steak was done really well, but the green bean side and mashed potatoes did not impress.  Frozen custard, though, can hide many restaurant sins.
1	This place is the epitome of trash food. It was disgusting. We ended up throwing our food out because the burgers were so greasy and the cheese curds were still frozen in the middle. The custard had a weird, slimy consistency. The fries tasted like freezer burn. Wow, fast food has hit a new low with this place! Never again.
1	So Incredibly disappointed at the total lack of any business sense they showed tonight. I went there with my 3 kids tonight and I forgot my wallet. I had a credit card in my truck that didn't work because I never use it, so I called my wife. They wanted to hold our food until my wife got there. I offered my I-Pad, and or truck keys as collateral and they still didn't budge. What a bunch of idiots. You've got a good customer who's in a little bit of a jam and he can't pay for his meal for 10 minutes and you don't just give him and his kids their food? Such incredible poor judgement. I was ticked off I left and we went to DQ instead.
4	Better than your average burger. It's worth it to go just for the burgers. Then add either the homemade rootbeer or frozen custard and you have 2 or 3 times as many reasons to go. The custard is awesome! The rootbeer is really good-somewhere between the sharpness of Barq's and the sweetness of A&W-a really pleasant compromise. My favorite custard it's caramel with strawberries. Give it a try you won't be disappointed.
3	Tried to find something to eat at 9 pm. Ended up in Culver's. Tried their butterburger value basket. Overall there was nothing special with their fries or burger. The burger tastes really similar to steak 'n shake's burgers. As for their fries, really plain. Pretty average fast food I would say.
4	Butter burger!! The fries are the only thing holding this place back. Onion rings are the way to go. I don't venture out on the whole menu.
5	This review is for the frozen custard only and holy crap, yes, FIVE STARS FOR CUSTARD.I've lived my whole life on the west coast. Do you know what we don't have nearly enough of on the west coast? Frozen Custard.I'd spent a few summers in Illinois as a youth and my favorite nostalgic fat kid memory is eating Culver's with my aunt. My dude and I were in Tempe to run a half marathon and what better justification for eating the most calorie laden of all desserts than a 13 mile run? We had eaten a huge lunch a few hours earlier, so we only drove through for custard (yes, this was after the run, hence the desire to sit in the car and eat). I got a scoop of vanilla and a scoop of chocolate in a waffle cone. Thankfully my dude got his own because once I tasted it I was NOT sharing.It's probably good we don't have Culver's in California. I suspect I would have some self control issues if I had all the time access to treats this delicious.
5	Hadn't been to Culver's in a couple of years, since I changed jobs and don't get out this way anymore. Nice to see they haven't changed. Frequented by seniors because it's a Midwest fave and for the good prices. Ordered the bacon cheddar butter burger (single) with curds and a drink for under $8. Lunch arrived in 6 minutes flat-nice. Burger was hot, juicy and choice of standard toppings: mayo, mustard, onions, lettuce, tomato, etc. Bacon was crisp too, just perfect. Cheese was thick cut with a slight melt. The cheese curds are not what you'd expect on your first visit. They bread them and fry them to perfection. Nice little cheesy nuggets of flavor. The service at Culver's is always tops. Greeted properly at the door but not with the robotic 'welcome' you get at fast food. As the food is delivered to your table, the server always asks if there is anything else they can get for you. I was offered a custard sample at my table as well. Culver's is a go-to for quality, service and price.
4	This place is always busy and the burgers are pretty good - we usually get the double deluxe (to share) but my favorite is the pattie melt.  We go here mainly for the french fries (crispy crinkle cut) and I really like their chocolate malts.
5	Love the butterburgers and cheese curds here!! A must go for a good burger and very decently priced. Always made to order so you know its fresh. The bacon is cooked to perfection and makes a nice crunch. Just how I like it!! Had to sub the curds for the fries, but that's not a problem with a cheese loving kid like myself!!! Will be back for sure.
4	Great food, friendly service, the frozen custard is great. I definitely will be coming back here for my guilty pleasure cheat days!
5	SO GREASY. SO GOOD. I love eating at this place because I feel like every bite of their food is in direct sacrilege to vegetarians and vegans. It just feels so good to eat whatever I want and live my life without people telling me what's good for me and what isn't. Like every time someone orders a burger there, a vegan collapses from protein deficiency. It's so satisfying. Anyway no offense intended to real vegans and vegetarians, you can do whatever. Yo want just like I can, but you know the kind of people I'm talking about. Like people who do crossfit. Not sure if you know anyone who does crossfit? Don't worry, they'll tell you. God these butter burgers are so delicious, but they really make you feel like you need to take a nap. Or a coma. No satire intended I really do love these burgers. God Bless America.
5	amazing
3	I've only ever been through the drive through, so as for service, I can't really say. As for the food, everything is at best, mediocre. The butterburgers are pretty awful in my opinion. They are extremely greasy, thin, overcooked, and have NO flavor at all. Even the toppings (Mushrooms etc) had no flavor. A little salt can go a long way! The mashed potatoes tasted like bad cardboard, and some of the other sides were pretty sad. The only good part of their food is the custard which is pretty good, as well as their shakes.
2	So confused on why people think they have good burgers. Even the burger patty looks weird. The buns taste anything like bread and the quality sucks.
5	this place is great. good burgers. good fries. good ice cream.Need I say more?Oh yeah, their service is unparalleled by any other burger joint.
5	Great reminder of home and the Wisconsin custard!
4	The only thing bad I have to say about this place is that it is a bit pricey if you're not alone. Other than that the food is tasty, service is excellent, and it is hands down the best place to do a fundraiser. I love supporting my local teams and schools by eating here. They always have some sort of promotion going on. Its casual, but still nice. Its kept very clean. The menu has a nice selection and the food is always served hot. If you're looking for something fast that is more upscale than McDonald's, go here.
3	This place was pretty nice. Burgers were delicous. I was disappointed that the ice cream was too sweet and I loooove overly sweet things. Probably will go back but mainly for the burgers... if you want frozen yogurt I would suggest a different place.
4	two words.....BUTTER BURGER!!!, add a custard and your in some serious business!!!
4	Curds....Butter burgers.....Milkshakes....I might be coerced into committing a crime at around 2am if it meant that a bag filled with these beauties was presented to me afterwards....
5	Stars are for the Custard/Ice Cream. Haven't tried anything else but holy smoke that custard is outrageous good. I don't even want to look at calories. If you're in the mood for anything ice cream, THIS is the place to get it. Prices are smoking good too. Great stuff.
5	This is an amazing place.  I have not had a chocolate malt as good as this since I was a kid.  We had to wait a little longer than usual (or so they thought) and brought us a coupon for our next visit.  Then we went back and we wanted to switch the coupon for something else, but they couldn't do it.  So we order malts again, just one.  We had to wait again and one of the boys came out and said we made an extra by mistake, do you want it?  Duh of course.  So we got two for the price of one.  Most excellent.  LOVE this place.
4	The custard is SO yummy!! I got the pecan sundae and it was delicious. I'm obsessed with cheese curds and theirs are OK, but not exceptional. Way too much breading. The service is always great at Culvers and the place is clean!
5	I heard some ad on TV a month or so ago and wanted to try it out. Glad we did. Much better than many other FF places. The burgers are great and wife's chicken strips fantastic, crunchy coating and juicy chicken inside.My burger , a double with bacon, very tasty with all the right compliments. I will now search out these stores  in the future when near them  for lunch or dinner. Oh and the service was great too as the young people who brought the food out were outstanding in manners.
5	I LOVE Culvers! Their butter burgers and cheese curds are mouth-watering and I always order their creamy home-brewed root beer. And their custard is always wonderful. I am utterly addicted to this place.
5	Culvers = one happy belly! I grew up in Wisconsin and to be driving down the street in Arizona to see a Culvers made me hook a U-Turn! I hadn't been to a Culver's in years. This brought back memories! I watched with much delight to see this restaurant grow across Wisconsin. And now to different states.Their custards are delicious. Their cheese curds =awesome bite sizes of delight. Burgers are tasty. Their restaurants are always clean. They even have a dedicated person who works the floor with a broom and cleans up after people. Each day they offer a flavor of the day for custards. Simply good stuff here.
4	Culver's is a good quality fast food joint. The meals are better than most chains but they are not short of grease. The concrete mixers are what I go in for!
2	Burgers are just OK. Ice cream was very good but I'm not sure that all their ingredients are very fresh? Some pieces tasted a bit off. Probably won't come back here again.
1	Rude staff closed the door in my face at 9:59. I would have totally understood considering they close at 10. However the gentleman immediately in for of me was allowed in for some reason. Take my advice and go to the Culvers in chandler their staff is awesome.
