5	I had never heard of this guy Gordie Brown before, but we wanted to see a comedy show while we were in Vegas and it was very reasonably priced at the Tix4Tonight booth, so what the heck!  This was a great show, I laughed a lot and it was definitely worth seeing.
5	We first saw Gordie Brown at Celine Dion's concert in San Jose. My boyfriens and I just loved him. He was so funny, charismatic & his voice is great as well.We book eda trip to Vegas end of May to celebrate my b-day and took 2 friends with us to the show.The were laughing so hard. We laughed though the whole show.This guys is going to be big :-)
1	Ay, yay, yay.  I know why you're reading this review.  Like me, you didn't score tickets for a "good" show and are thinking about spending $25 so the night isn't wasted.  Right? I know, it happened to me, too.Even if you're offered FREE tickets, do not be tempted.  This guy sucks, royally. Entertainer isn't the right word for this 4th class hack.People, please, listen to me.  I promise I will not steer you wrong.This is the worst performer I have ever had the displeasure of seeing.  He STINKS!  Not funny, not talented.  It was the most miserable 45 minutes I'd ever spent.  To include a divorce, a motorcycle accident and a root canal.Three friends and I agonized over leaving in the middle of the show but in the end just had to.  His "entertainment" bordered on embarrassing!  Like an untalented William Hung, GB can't sing, can't dance, can't tell jokes.All of his impersonations sound like the same guy--HIM.  Try watching Gordie Brown do Michael Jackson.  It was painfully like Gordie Brown doing Gordie Brown.It's too bad, too.  He seems like a nice guy.  He's just not talented AT ALL.Do yourselves a favor and steer clear of this losing show.
5	Great Impressionist, Great Singer & Really Funny Guy = Gordie BrownFor what he does he is pretty damn good.  I got the chance to see him at the Golden Nugget last night and laughed from the beginning until the end.  He has a whole band and they perform hit songs that he makes fun of ( kinda Weird Al'ish).  He impressionates everyone from Eminem to Jimmy Stewart so all age ranges can appreciate him.His performance isn't just music, he also impersonates Hollywood actors pretty good.Others have given him bad ratings, but I would like to say he is not a hack in anyway.  He is 90 minutes of straight comedy.  The only thing I would say negative was we were in the second row and the music was a tad bit loud, so just be prepared for that.  If you like him as much as I did, at the end give him / the band a standing ovation and you'll get an extra performance.
4	First and foremost, I was fortunate enough to score free tickets to this show. However, my wife and I decided that it is definitely good enough to pay for, and we will be treating both sets of parents to the show next time they come for a visit. GB does cater to the baby boomer audience, but there was definitely humor and impressions that the Gen Xers would find funny. Don't go to the show expecting an over the top stage show, as the theater is small (but very very nice) and the stage is pretty minimal with Gordie and his band. This show is definitely a hit for the value, and if you are visiting from out of town, make a night out of the show and dinner at one of the many good downtown restaurants. My wife and I have seen a lot of the less expensive shows in town, and this one definitely is at the top for us. It is non-stop,  and it is very entertaining. If you got the time, check it out!
4	We have seen Gordie before at the Planet Hollywood and enjoyed him (though NOT the pitiful excuse for a theater) Decided to give him another whirl last night at the Golden Nugget and we had a great time. First of all, this is a comfortable and nice theater that fits him like a glove. His energy is amazing and his singing and impressions are mostly spot on. His jokes were nonstop and we really did laugh for 90 minutes straight. He is great at the adlib too, so his rapport with the audience was hilarious. One of the things I like about him is the fact that he cracks himself up so often. I love it when someone can laugh at themselves. He def appeals to the baby boomers, but some of the 20 somethings in the audience seemed to be having a good time too. I was also impressed with his band. Obviously talented and amazing that they can keep up with him when he adlibs. These guys are all on their toes. Will def take friends and family when they show up to sponge off us LOLFor a fun night at a decent price....Go see GORDIE!
5	I had a long day at work and my head was pounding.  When I got home, my wife tells me that my aunt got us free VIP tickets to see Gordie Brown at the Golden Nugget.  Honestly, I was tired, stressed, I had a headache, and I didn't want to go.  Good thing that my "fabuloso wife" convinced me otherwise.  The Gordie Brown show is located in the Golden Nugget - upstairs.  Going up the escalators, it is a bit of a maze.  Once you are in the auditorium, it  is pretty small and cozy... and yes, very comfortable.  Our seats were in the center, 4 rows from the stage.  Fantastic seats!How would I best describe it?  Hmm, he is a very eclectic and an entertaining performer.  In a way, he reminds me of a Weird Al Yankovic (for those who lived through the 80s).  He takes old and memorable "catchy" songs and rewrites them with his own lyrics.  In addition, it is pretty amazing how he has "most" of his wardrobe changes on the stage.  It is pretty funny and extremely entertaining.Overall, the music, lyrics, jokes, and everything was fantastic.  After the show, I felt more relaxed and my headache was gone.  A true test of a show is whether you would return and PAY to see the show again.  My answer is yes. I give this a five star because it was great and it was FREE.  LOL....Enjoy!
4	First off, this show is at the Golden Nugget downtown, not the Venetian. Gordie's voice was a little scratchy that night, he apologized for it and it was still great. All of the impressions were great and I thought his George Bush was hilarious! The live band really helped to make it feel fun and lively. I wish he would leave out the "On Golden Pond" bit. It took what seemed like forever to get over with and wasn't really funny or relatable to anyone under 50. I would definitely recommend this show to family and friends visiting Vegas. It is usually pretty affordable and a great show!
4	Gordie Brown at the Golden Nugget Was a Great show.  If you're under 40 or a foreigner,  you probably won't get most of the humor.  But if you love nostalgia, music and humor, be prepared for some laughs and good feelings.  Mr. Brown is both handsome and talented.  His range of vocals is amazing.  Popular songs are made funny with his inserted lyrics.  He does great impressions and the band is amazing.The theater is small and cozy so you feel like a friend is entertaining you at a party. We had an enjoyable evening, even though he made fun of my George Bush. For a classic Las Vegas review, this is a fun, affordable show.
2	We ended up leaving the show early. As much as we appreciated his enthusiasm, his humor is geared towards an older audience. I would only recommend this show if you are over 45 and enjoy potty humor. I don't mean blue, I mean middle school humor.
5	My sister and I were were at Gordie's show this last Tuesday night,  (March 22, 2011), and he was "terrific", as usual.  That's why we've been driving in from California once a month (for the last 3 1/2 years)--just to see Gordie's show.  We first saw him on October 30,2007, at the Venetian, and have been going to his shows ever since!  We'll be there, again, on Thursday, April 14th, in our usual Row C.  Thank you, Gordie, for being such a talented performer.  We'll continue to see your show once a month, as long as we're able.Sue N.
5	Extremely Talented.  Impressions, singing, acting, being a nice person... those are insanely harder then I think people give credit for.  And Gordie to me is worth every penny.  When I think of Gordie, I think of appreciation.  He does a little bit of everything, and most of the stuff he does is pretty spot on.  We as show goers turn into critics without ever separating the fact that we have little to no knowledge on most things we crititize.  In this case, it doesn't matter what you know or don't know, he's amazing.  I appreciate he's studying, he's detail, his effort, his appreciation.  He is worth the time and money.
5	Great performance for the money!!!At first i was a little nervous....show started 5 mins late, started out ruff but he Sings, dances, tells jokes and does some very funny impersonations! The show kept building until the end and kept my A.D.D busy for a bit!Well worth it!TIP: sit within the first 3 rows near center or u will miss the face expressions which are hilarious!
4	I actually really enjoyed Gordie Brown. His band was great and he did some great impressions. Frequent comments about how few people were in teh audience got old and his golden pond routine was pretty bad but I laughed quite a bit and the tickets were cheap so I was pleased overall.
3	Got free tickets to this show. About what I expected. As other reviewers pointed out, his humor is quite dated. If you're under 35 or so, you might be a tad perplexed.Most of his singing and impressions were quite good, however there were a few things that I didn't care for:-His 10 minute reenactment of the dialogue between Henry Fonda and Katherine Hepburn from "On Golden Pond". It just seemed way too random for anyone to comprehend.-His version of Green Day's "Wake Me Up When September Ends". I felt his satire of the song was out of place, granted the song was written as a memorial to Billy Joe Armstrong's father.-His guitarist/band leader constantly laughing at his jokes. It was as annoying as having an applause sign.I'd go see it again if Mr. Brown updated his show a bit, as it seems to be stuck in the 80's-90's. Until then, it's probably a decent choice to bring your folks to, especially if you get free tickets.
2	Girlfriend and I went to this show on 6/30/11. Straight to the point - neither of us were entertained by Gordie Brown.The 'humor' of the show was hard to find. He was so ADD and all over the place that any jokes he may have stumbled into got lost in his redbull infused ramblings. Nothing was given enough time to develop, except the strange ethel ann or something skit he did for way too long. I'm not even sure what he was going on about, totally over my head. He just doesn't have stage presence or that knack of connecting to the audience. The guy worked hard, he was sweating up a storm, but it was totally wasted as his humor is dated (seriously more cheney shooting someone jokes? You haven't thought of anything else in years?)The best part of the show was the asian tourists sitting next to us. The old lady snuck in some funions in her bag and was giggling and clapping away. All the movement she did must have disturbed something deep inside her because a belch of epic proportions came out of that little woman. It stunk. My girlfriend's eyes started to water it was so putrid. We couldn't stop laughing. Gordie Brown should hire her for every performance, it was the only thing we remembered.
4	This guy is full of energy. I've actually seen the show about three times now. Once at Planet Hollywood years ago and twice at Gold Nugget, where he currently resides. The production value is quite high and his band is fantastic. His vivacious performance leads you on a ride. By the end of the show I'm exhausted for him. He has some really great impressions, he's funny as hell and he has a great singing voice. Granted, this show is geared for the older crowd, but growing up my mom made sure to expose me to everything no matter the generation, so I followed along pretty well. Definitely a great show. Look out for discounted and free local discounts. It's worth the trip downtown.
5	Favorite show in Vegas! Very entertaining, funny, & talented. Love going to see Gordie!
4	Went into this show not knowing much about it other than what you read on the billboards. I was highly entertained. Gordie Brown is a performing machine. For the entire 90 minutes he went non-stop. His impersonations sometimes weren't spot on, but he did SO MANY different people, male and female, that it made up for that shortcoming. He sang, he danced, he impersonated. I laughed nearly non-stop.Some might think that a majority of the content was geared towards the older crowd (Neil Diamond, On Golden Pond Skit) but at 30 years old I got 99% of it and left feeling very entertained!
5	Gordie Brown!! YOU ROCKS!!!   I never laugh that hard in my life and I am asian. I am not supposed to get everythinng that he said, but yeah I did and it was damn hilarious!!! It was such a great show, my fiancee were crying from laughter!!! When he sang wake me up when september ends, I know its gonna get awesome!! LOL. His timing, his voice, his song selection and his entertainment value are off the chart!!! How much do I pay for this guy?? I got free tickets but I would absolutely pay $100 to see him perform. Absolutely must see and absolute rockstar, comedian and non stop 90 minutes of total one man show,, ohh great band too!!!MUST SEE GORDIE !!!!!
5	SOOO freakin' funny! I'm a fan now!  I literally laughed so hard, whew, I needed those laughs!  Gordie has such a cute charm.Can't wait to go back! :)
1	Without a doubt, the absolute worst Vegas show/comedian I have ever witnessed!  Went to the show hearing that he is so fantastic like many of these reviews, but oh what a surprise. Seriously, not sure how he is employed...Within the first 3- 5minutes of the show, I wasn't sure if his crappy impressions were a real attempt at humor or a bad Andy Kauffman like impression put-on.  After 5 minutes it didn't get better and I was torn between being  embarrassed for him or completely ticked that I actually paid to see the performance.  His shiny white teeth contrasted nicely with his dark shirt with a hole in the armpit...nice touch Gordy. Not funny... best joke of the night was him jokingly telling/thanking the weekend audience (90% over 50) that it was his 3162 consecutive sellout to a clearly at best half empty room.  He blamed it on a fictitious foreign tour bus driver that must have mistakenly taken the rest of the crowd to the wrong hotel...the silver nugget instead of the golden nugget (rim-shot here). Oh God help me!I am being serious here when I write all this...I've heard better song impressions at the local karaoke bar and better joke telling in a 5th grade talent show... really!  Not joking.  As For being current... Jokes about Tatoo from fantasy island...really?  The show has been off the air for 28 years and the actor who played "tatoo" has been dead for 19 years.  Jokes about Sammy Davis with 1 eye...I get it he sees with one eye not 2.  Sammy had a fake eye so he looks funny.  Then we get into impressions from the blockbuster film we all know and love on golden pond...oh wait that was 31 years ago.  When do we get to see Gordy do "the Fonz"? AAAAAAEEEEE!I got up and left to take a leak during the set with hopes that he would try to embarrass me and ask where I was going.  Funny thing is I wanted him too as I was ready with the comment have you seen your show... the only thing worse than the act is the overdone photoshop work on his marquee out front.  Pretty scary when you are an introvert and want take on a seasoned comedian, but nothing about his act was witty, fun, or entertaining. I was with a big group, and so I did come back for more.Closest edgy part is when he did a crappy deep mexican accent (could have been the Frito Bandito as far as I could tell) claiming it was Antonio Banderes (of course he needed to tell you who he was doing in his accent first...and how relevant is Antonio these days anyway?)  Mentioned Antonio did the animated movie puss and boots as it was his 2 favorite things boots and ... pause...(rimshot here).  Is that funny to you and am I missing something?If you are 65-100, maybe this thing is for you, but for me (45) this was a impression/comedy suck fest at its finest. I wouldn't go again for free even if they served beer and washed my car in the parking garage...really.  Honestly Gordy, contact me and I'll be glad to get my refund!  You seem like a nice man but I left the show feeling like I lost an hour+ of my life and $100 over nothing more than a crappy PT Barnum sideshow.  A sucker is born every minute and I left feeling like one!  Person with me walked out and said they needed a drink to recover from the awful performance. We both left feeling 100% ripped off, not in a happy mood.My advice, look up his act online on youtube and if that works for you, enjoy, if not, be warned.  Best part of the night was the Golden Nugget casino that was surprisingly very nice inside for an old-town vegas casino.
5	He was fantastic!!!!!!!!!!  Go see his show and you are guarenteed to laugh for 80 minutes straight.  I cant tell you a "favorite part" because it was all spectacular from start to finish.
2	I'm so confused by the glowing reviews. I'm in my mid-30's, and I was one of the youngest people there. I knew ALL the songs he sang, as I like all generations of music, but he wasn't that impressive. I saw Danny Gans a few years ago before his passing (so sad), and he was amazing. I was hoping for similar in Gordie, but nope. He was trying to be funny, but it usually wasn't. Sometimes he was mildly raunchy, and I don't really mind raunchy, if it's funny. But un-funny raunchy is just lame. Btw, only a few people in the theater were laughing, so it made it even more awkward. A couple of old people were laughing, and a couple of rednecks. After that, it was crickets. Maybe it was an off-night, I don't know. I'm sure it's a tough gig, so I feel bad being critical, but yelp needs honesty to work. I did like the John Mayer impersonation, as I will always laugh if you make fun of John Mayer since I think he's an arrogant ___. Also liked some political impersonations. But the re-wording of a lot of lyrics... well, again, they just weren't funny. I can name about 76 shows you should see ahead of this one in Vegas.
4	I never heard of Gordie Brown until that night and I gotta admit, the guy has talent! From beginning to end, it was nonstop comedy, parody, one liners, and pretty good impressionism. I was impressed because the guy did not take a single break and showed no signs of slowing down. Me and my wife took her parents out to this show and they had a blast watching this show. Gordie's show is geared more towards older folk but he did try to mix in a little of today's artists. So if you are easily bored or are anal retentive, this show is not for you. But if you are open minded and appreciate somebody who works hard to entertain you, then you will not be disappointed. Props also goes out to his band. It seemed to me they could play just about any song Gordie could have sung.
1	Im telling the truth im 50 years old...    saw show last September 2011  It was the worst .They were acting like they were taping show asking people to be load and laugh .Sound system was Bad../   Ive been to a lot of shows in Vegas and this and the Caveman show are 2 of the worst .Had to walk out on Gordie  45 min into hes show after he made a tasteless  911 joke...dont waste time even if your comp tickets
5	My wife and I saw Gordie Brown last Saturday night.  We had heard of Gordie but didn't know that much about him or his act. After researching Yelp and some other sites, we discovered he was known for musical and comedic impressions.  He put on the most entertaining show we attended, during this particular trip to Vegas.  Highly reccomended.  He was hilarious from beginning to end, never slowing down at all. He has a rare talent, combining a genuine gift for comedy and celebrity impersonations. You could tell he was improvising some of the skits, adding on items he picked out (or people he picked on) in the audience. Really a funny, funny guy.  I would reccomend Gordie for the 30+ crowd.  Some of the impersonations he does are of celebritys from that generation (and older). The tickets are quite reasonable and there is really not a bad seat in the house.
3	So bad.... it's good. I can't believe this show. Some of the jokes were so offensive that I was repulsed and laughing at the same time... kinda like that feeling you get when you see a car accident... should I look or turn away?. As far as impressions go, they were mediocre and pretty old school... but delivered with such high energy zest it was funny. If people watching is your thing, this was a plethora of eyeball catching characters... from the old lady with the pink sequined baseball cape clapping voraciously to the couple in front of us with their elderly mom's laughing their butts off. He got a standing "O" from those that could (plenty of the wheelchair set there). Blew my mind.
4	Wow. Great show. Very funny great band. Gordie is very talented. Would go again.
5	This is an overdue review from about 6 months back.  My wife gave Gordie a 9/10, my son a 10/10 and I finish out with a 10/10 which translates out to the 5 star rating.  I expected the musical numbers, but the impressions (almost all were spot-on) and all the one liners, ad-libbed routines (he did a 5 minute or so -- hilarious and ever so slightly naughty Elvis routine with 3 twenty something ladies from the audience) and the occasional show biz story made the time fly.  The show ran for an hour and 35 min, and for me there were no dead spots.  The theater was about 95% full and there isn't a bad seat in the house.  The band was exceptional and Gordie gave them their due, getting three of the band members to do brief solo riffs--which I enjoyed.  Frankly, I am surprised Gordy is at the Fremont in old downtown and not at one of the bigger strip venues.  Highly recommended, although I am thinking that some Gen X and younger might miss connecting on some of the songs and humor/topical jokes referencing the 60's through the 80's which are sprinkled into his act.  Discount tix are readily available--GO!
4	Mad props to his live bad.  He has a  bass player, pianist, drummer, and guitarist and it's more than enough to support Gordie Brown's act.  I love going to see shows where they have live, talented musicians. Warning:  if you're 35 or younger, you probably won't understand half of his jokes and/or songs.  The lady next to me (in her 60s) was laughing hysterically the whole time.  Also, don't bring young kids.  His jokes were a bit raunchy.  Age does make a difference here.  Yet, he is pretty funny at doing improv and making fun of his audience.  So, don't walk out to go to the bathroom or sit in the front.  He will use you in his act.  He is high energy, never stopping, one song after another for a full 90 minutes.  Tip:  We got the dinner and show deal, but go on the Seafood days where the buffet is more expensive, (but you still pay the same price).
4	I have seen Gordie Brown more times than any other entertainer in Las Vegas and I really enjoy his show.  I first saw him in 2004 and through the years have gone to see the changes in impersonations.He has changed his act some and he is depending less on George Bush and Bill Clinton for laughs but they're still in his act.  And, I'm sure they'll still be drawing laughs in the years to come.Brown has updated some of his material including an attempt to do some rap to appeal to a younger crowd.  The problem is, a younger crowd is generally not buying tickets for his show.   The show hits very much those of middle age and older (you define middle age--I won't.)  If you read the reviews on Yelp, people will often rate the show good or bad depending on their age.  That's not a bad thing--it's merely what people like.I'm sure I'll be heading back to see Gordie in another two years.  It was almost exactly two years since I saw him before last night and I enjoyed myself.  And, I still laughed at k-nock, k-nock!  If you don't understand that, go see his show!
1	First of all, can the Gordie's picture be a little more updated please? You have seen it on fliers, billboard, and in magazines. And then you go see the show and you wonder if you're in the right theater. I mean the guy doesn't even look anything like in the ads.Anyways, now the review about the show. I went to the show with my sister, and we were probably the youngest ones there, except for the 21st birthday girl who got a b-day shout out in middle of the show. So from there on I knew we are going to hear bunch of corny and out dated jokes. He was impersonating a bunch of older singers and bands and all of sudden, Eminem comes out of no where. I was laughing, only because it was so ridiculous. And then George W Bush jokes start to surface throughout half of the show. I mean really? Enough with the Bush jokes already. We get it, other comedians have all used the same punch lines and ridicules, lets just move on.In the end, I really wanted to leave early, but we were sitting in the front and I feel really bad walking out of the show. Gordie has a awesome and powerful voice. Very charismatic on the stage. But his jokes and impersonations are just dull and out of date. I cannot connect with the guy but I do see a lot of baby boomers where laughing their asses off. The show is not for me.
4	A blast!
4	Fun show
1	Absolute worst show in Las Vegas...  and I am a very lenient guy.  My wife and I are early 30's, Las Vegas residents, and we average 2-3 shows a week.1)  His humor is awful, simply awful.  My wife and I kept looking at each other like "why are people laughing".  We had seats 4 rows from the very back, the number of people "sneaking out" (aka walking out) was unbelievable, never seen such an exodus from a show.2)  He rewrites song lyrics, with "toilet humor for Republicans" (as my lovely wife put it).  Somehow, bashing gays, blacks, and pot smokers got the ABSOLUTE most laughs.  We were in the back, we saw you people giving him a standing ovation!!3)  You have to be drunk and on vacation, as we saw most people coming in with sunburns and cocktails.4)  And as some have already pointed out, his picture must be from the 80's, because he looks older than my parents.Save your money for anything else!  Now that's advice from a local!  I was literally inspired to create a Yelp account after HIS shenanigans.
5	I use to sell tickets for Gordie when he was a the Venetian. This was the second time I have seen him perform. He is such a talented man. He just keeps going and going. He can tell jokes, impersonate, sing you name it. I don't know how he gets the energy. I practically had to be wheeled out of there because I was laughing SO HARD.  This show should win best in Las Vegas. I will continue to tell people to see gordie brown.  If you are staying down town Las Vegas there isn't any reason to not see this show. I hope this show is here for many years to come.
5	What an awesome show! I have seen Gordie Brown 3 times over the years. I have enjoyed every show and have recommended it to friends and family when they were visiting town.  Go see it and you will see what I mean!The theater at the Golden Nugget is nice, comfortable, as well as intimate so everyone gets a good experience. The price is very reasonable for the tickets at around the $40ish range. There are coupons floating around in some of the local magazines as well, which will get you even a better deal.  The hotel itself also offers deals with restaurant and hotel packages with the show from time to time for even better deals.  Yeah for coupons!The show itself is funny, musical, and just plan entertaining. Gordie is your classic Vegas act and you will love it. The show is basically a lot of impersonations in a musical setting. Gordie has some great impersonations in his wheelhouse,so you get a great mix. I think the show is more for a more mature crowd, like 40+, but I am in my early 30s and love it too.  Gordie is also really cute, which never hurts either! Yes, I have a crush on him, if you must know.  Overall, Gordie Brown is a good show at a great price in a lovely hotel. Go see it and have a fun night downtown!
5	My wife and I attended the Gordie Brown performance at The Golden Nugget on 7/19. Our expectations were kinda low because . . . well, after all it was at The Golden Nugget and the tickets were 1/3rd of what we paid to see another show. Gordie Brown gave us our monies worth x 20! He did a good solid mix of "old school" performers (Sinatra etc.) and "new school" too.  His Leno, Clinton, Bush jokes had us almost crying from a laughter. We laughed and enjoyed the show so much that we couldn't believe he isn't headlining on The Strip. Our kids are 17 & 18 and I think they'd enjoy the show. Their old enough for the adult theme, and we raised them on 70's / 80's music so they'll get the show. Would not recommend the show for anyone younger as there is a lot of adult humor / innuendo. We will definitely go see him again the next time we are in town.
5	I was in Vegas this weekend with my wife, brother and sister in law. We saw David Spade, (boring as hell), Gordie Brown and Rod Stewart. Gordie was the best show of them all, and only $13 a ticket at the discount ticket booth. We all laughed, especially my wife! Great show, and the dinner at Chart house before the show was fantastic..
5	Loved the show. I wasn't expecting much because of the price but boy was I mistaken! I would recommend this to anyone coming into town . Gordie was great, the band was great and I laughed though the whole show. He is so clever and completely CRAZY.  Appeals to all age groups. A must see.
5	Just to preface: I'm 18.I went to this show because I was staying at the hotel and wanted to see a show in Vegas that wasn't too expensive and was nearby, so I ended up going to Gordie Brown. Having never heard of him before, I found it incredibly amusing and hilarious. I guarantee I was the youngest person there but I still managed to laugh the whole time and understood 99% of the content. Maybe I'm a bit old school but this guy really strives to please the older audience and everyone in between. It was entertaining the whole time and there were some serious laugh out loud one liners he throws out. (The  Neil Diamond and Elton John skits were my favorite). Go if you're above 30, reconsider if you're below 20, if you know about the Monica Lewinsky scandal and can laugh at George Bush and Obama, you'll have a great time.
5	Spectacular entertaining performance from opening to closing. One hundred minutes of enjoyment. Great music from live band rocks. I will return multiple times. Gordie Brown is not to be missed at any price.
5	Being in my mid thirties I was a little skeptical about going. My husband and I really enjoyed the show. There was definitely an older crowd but he makes also entertains for the younger crowd as well. Call it cheesy if you want but I would go see him again. Nice job Gordie!
4	Saw Gordie Brown only because we were visiting friends staying at the Golden Nugget and they had coupons for this show (along with the buffet) for the cost of a typical buffet.  The show was unique...and very good.  Gordie is an impressionist singer with a band.  The music was excellent and Gordie did great impressions of major musical talents.  He even threw in a little Nixon, Clinton and Obama.  Gordie is also good at bantering with the audience (hint....go to the bathroom before the show).  Good clean fun and entertaining for all ages....and great music at a great price.  Go!
5	My wife and I laughed our asses off. We are in our late 40s, so that lets you know the prime demographic.
1	My girlfriend and I got the tickets for free.. thank God..cuz less than 10mins into show i wanted to leave...it was just not my type of show ..im in my 30s and i knew all the songs n people he was making fun at but it wasnt really funny yet the older people i would say 50-100 yrs old where having a good time ..i wasnt..lol...i give him credit for working up a sweat ...i wouldnt see him even if tickets where free again....
5	I have NEVER laughed harder.  Extremely talented and very entertaining.
4	My hubby took me last night as an anniversary surprise. I didn't know anything much about him but he had pretty good Yelp reviews so I was anticipating a good show.  He opened with an obscure song about his girlfriends boob job and I was a little worried after that. We were in the middle of a row and it would be hard to bolt unnoticed  but 10 minutes into the show we were both laughing so hard we were crying. No one is immune from his quips - he even made a joke Barry Manilow song about a couple who arrived late.  Not to be underrated is his band, including the former drummer from Air Supply. They are all really talented and Gordie seems to adequately appreciate them. I thought the show could have been longer and I didn't think his Obama impression was very good but his Bush Jr and Clinton's are spot on. So funny and current. I think this show is a great value for the money and it seems like it is always evolving so you could go even more than once and not see the same thing twice. I highly recommend.
5	laughed so hard that my face hurt after the show....he is amazing in changing in between characters
5	Golden Nugget is running a special for $49.95 for two tickets to the show, two tickets to the buffet and two drink tickets.  The buffet tickets can be used within 7 days of the show.  The show was excellent.  The comedy and music was current along with some oldies thrown in. I had 70 year olds on one side of me and two older kids that looked like they had been dragged to the show by their parents.  We were all laughing.  Even if we would have paid full price ($30.00) per ticket it would have been worth it.
1	My wife and I are late 30s-early 40s and did not find him particularly funny nor talented.  We went for free on fillaseat.com, and ended up leaving about 30 minutes in.  Sure, there were a few funny bits, but overall his impersonations were not very good, and his jokes were not very funny.  Skip this one.
5	W have seen Gordie four times now I still leave very pleased. This guy is great and very humble and grateful for the audience. A solid "10" in our book.
4	Yelps 365 Review Challenge 2014 - Los Angeles #42 - #365Several years ago, this use to be a Korean restaurant and now Roy's Raw Deal now occupies it. I was looking to try a different sushi restaurant instead of my usual, "Ken's" on Foothill.The size is very intimate and the staff were very friendly. Roy always ask if you're allergic to any types of fish and that's very reassuring to know he cares about his customers. It can get busy on the weekends, so it's best to come as early as possible to get a good seat. Patrons are friendly and has the small town feel. Sushi was very very fresh! Service was excellent!It's good old Vegas is still alive and not as pricey as most of the shows on the strip. I read the reviews on Yelp before I watched the Gordie Brown show and most were good to excellent with some 2 - 3 stars. Basically, he is a impressionist, comedian, and singer all rolled up into one. It kind of reminds me of Danny Gans (RIP) and Terry Fator but without the puppets. The theater is not that big and is about the size of the Carrot Top theater in Luxor, so it felt intimate. Like other reviewers have mentioned, he is very energetic and he also looks good for his age.  In the first part of the show, he told some jokes, did impressions of famous people and towards the end, it felt like a comedy sketch with some old and new jokes. I'm glad to have finally watched Gordie Brown (live) after all these years seeing him on advertisements (magazines, billboards, commercials, radio), I got to finally see Gordie Brown and just add it too my list of Vegas shows already watched. Tickets are pretty cheap and there's many ways of looking for cheap or discounted tickets. If you like to watch a piece of old Vegas before Cirque dominates entertainment industry, than go watch Gordie Brown.
4	Oh those Canadians! They are a funny bunch and Gordie is one hilarious Canuck!For the price of the ticket, he was a solid 90mins of laughs. There were some definite    lulls, but they were immediately followed by a funny impression and/or well timed joke.The show is a hodgepodge of celebrity impersonations, some better than others (his Jim Carrey is so good it's scary!), songs, comedic observation, and audience interaction. If you are looking for a good evening show for under $40 at the Nugget and right off Fremont, this is it. You will definitely leave haven been shown some funny for the money!
5	We live in Las Vegas and have seen most of the shows. Gordie Brown is a show we keep on coming back to see. Every show is different. Many of his 'bits' are ad-lib precipitated by actions of the audience. He is hilarious, a good impersonator (my favorites: Don Knotts and Tom Hanks as Forest Gump), and a good singing voice. His band is first rate. 90 minutes of laughs and excellent entertainment. If you go to a show - this is a must see!
5	Excellent, he is so entertaining, my wife saw him last year and she said we have to go see him. He is so funny, and puts his all into the show, I defiantly recommend seeing when your in Vegas, some day very soon as Gordy mentioned he would like will be on the big stage, we'll he is their now and will be for a long time.
3	After reading other reviews we decided to check out this show as the reviews implied the jokes and impressions were for our "age category". Most of his impressions are of people that were big stars passed away or are in the over 60 crowd. He has some REALLY FUNNY bits and some really not so funny bits. He does a lot of musical interludes with made up lyrics and corny lines which are too long and drawn out. The Elvis impression at the end was REALLY LONG with Gordie just babbling like the King as he had two older ladies rubbing his legs on either side. Very weird. Our show was almost 2 hours which was way too long and the theater is SO COLD by then you can't wait to leave. Bottom line is if he cut the show down to 60 - 75 minutes and did his best bits it would be a 5 star for sure. Very talented guy but needs someone to help arrange the presentation in a less schizophrenic manner. That said he is a very talented and entertaining guy.
3	Great show and performance, but definitely for an older crowd, alot of the jokes and impressions the younger folk wont know, mind you im 28 and my wife is 31.. so yea otherwise funny :] get the buffet with it !
5	Enjoyed this MUCH more than I expected~~  Quite funny and the McDonald's bit was hysterical, really! The George Bush bit was pretty good too!This was a Fill-A-Seat freebie for us however DEFINATLY worth the $36.00 tix. Whatever you do just don't go to Oscar's before hand~
1	My wife and I caught this show at the Golden Nugget and had heard good things about him in the media, so we were pretty excited to see him. 3 minutes into the show, we were staring at each other in disbelief. Absolutely the corniest sense of humor I've ever had the misfortune of seeing on a stage. His impressions are often dated and usually inaccurate. If he hadn't announced some of them prior to performing them, I would have been at a loss for who he was mimicking. A half hour into the show, we were waiting for him to turn his back on the crowd for a moment so we could run out of the theater and put an end to our suffering. I do acknowledge that some people in the audience seemed to be enjoying themselves, but I have no idea who his audience is. Maybe people who thought "Mama's Family" was the funniest show ever. I've heard people compare him to Danny Gans, but as far as I'm concerned, there's no comparison. Gans was much more entertaining, his impressions were much more spot-on, and although I didn't find him the funniest guy in the world, he was Richard Pryor compared to Mr. Brown. I would certainly recommend a trip to Frank Caliendo's show if you're looking for an impressionist. If you find yourself at the Golden Nugget, go stare at their aquarium rather than watch this show...it's more entertaining and they have a pufferfish that does a better Nicholson than Brown does.
4	Gordie Brown... a great entertainer!His show is located at the Golden Nugget off of Fremont.  The showroom is on the second floor of the casino. It's in a somewhat smaller theater but that's great for any seat in the house.  Sound quality is amazing and the seats are actually quite comfy! I wasn't sure what to expect but he is very talented.  The show is non-stop impressions with singing and comedy. Gordie does the entire show with a 'Robin Williams' style energy. He has a great band around him as they go through all types of genres of music.  With a very entertaining show, I would come back again.  He does change it up so you'll see something new.  Enjoy!
5	Great show!  I haven't laughed this hard in ages.
5	My son took me to see this show last night for my birthday. What a treat it was! This guy had the audience laughing for 2 hours with his great impressions and FUNNY jokes! He really should be headlining and everyone should know his name! This guy is a hidden treasure!
5	We've been to his show 3 times now, never gets old. Great, spot on impressionist! Great semi-clean comedy. Prices start at about $25, show is 1 1/2 hrs. long. Must See!!!
4	Funny man who is very talented with his impressions and knowledge of the variety of music New and old!  We had very very good seats. And had a chance to experience everything from Sinatra to Adam Levine. He incorporates comedy with his music and can change character so quickly! This is my second time seeing him and he definetely keeps his performance fresh. I highly recommend you come see him over the usual cirque options!
1	This was the dumbest show we have ever seen.  We never laughed once and after 15 minutes we realized we would have 2 more hours of the same boring stupidity.  We're not sure what some of the other reviewers here saw, but there were many people around us who were bored too and never clapped.  Music was extremely loud and theater seating is on level ground and you are looking over the heads in front of you.  Save your money and don't go!  He used to be on the strip but has been demoted to Golden Nugget downtown.  We went to see Carrot Top at the Luxor on the strip.  OMG!!!  Now Carrot Top is a show.  We laughed our heads off.  Put your money on Carrot Top's show and go to that!!
1	My girlfriend and I went to this show. It was absolutely terrible!!!Not funny at all. We never laughed once and after 5 minutes wanted to get the hell out of there!!!We actually felt sorry for him because it was so pitiful.And it was ridiculously loud!Not sure what the others are posting 4 star reviews for?Luckily we got our tickets for free. If I had paid good money for them I would be furious.Save your money and do not go to this show.
3	Came to see Gordie Brown about 3 years ago and didn't really remember the show so I decided to come see it again, this time along with the gf, Rachel S. This show is definitely meant for an older crowd, and no I'm not saying that just because 98% of their patrons appear to be AARP members! It's because I didn't get a lot of the references and impressions he was making during the show, and thus didn't think a majority of the show was funny at all.On the other hand, Gordie is a very talented singer and impressionist which is basically what the show is...a mixture of covers and comedy based on musicians and celebrities that were famous before I was born. This is the kind of show you would take your parents or grandparents to, but not really go on your own unless you got free or discounted tickets. However, it might be worth going again just to see all the old folk go cray cray over some covers of old songs!
5	Gordie Brown is incredibly talented. His show is very entertaining and the Golden Nugget venue is intimate and easy to access. This is a great show for a bargain price. MUST SEE!
4	Gordie Brown impressed me with fine celebrity impersonations interspersed with comedy.  His material is eclectic and spans generations, ranging from Sammy Davis Jr. to Forrest Gump and Usher.  I particularly liked his interpretations of singers Willie Nelson, Tom Petty, and Neil Young; Presidents Bill Clinton and George W. Bush; and his dead-on impressions of actors Jim Carrey, Jack Nicklaus, and Christopher Walken, and actor-governor Arnold Schwarzenegger.  It is a short but fast-paced show worth seeing at least once.
