5	I have been working with the Hill Group for about 6 years and have personally known Doug for about 12 years. They are brilliant, organized, knowledgeable, seasoned, and just fantastic at this business. They see more transactions than 99.9% of Realtors and the result is always more understanding and know how for their customers. Bravo!
5	What can I say about the Hill Group?  Well that they are amazing!!They are everything that you could ever want (and need) from a realty group.  Punctual, motivated, personable, organized, and extremely helpful.  I used them to help rent my home about 9 months ago (which they were able to rent in 4 days!) and the service 9 months later is as good as the first day.  They are very prompt at answering questions, whether it is through email, phone, or even facebook.  I know that I can always count on them to have a helpful and insightful answer.I would definitely recommend using the Hill Group for any and all of your realty needs, you will not be disappointed.
5	Wow, What to say about the Hill Group. I have referred work to the Hill Group from a customer of mine, who wanted to use another Realtor because the other Realtor organization was going to give her money to buy a house or something, what I call a bait and switch tactic. I told her of the qualifications that I knew of for the Hill Group and told her that they were the best I knew of. They got her house under contract in 30 days. I have been in their office just to see how it all runs, I tell everyone it is a well oiled machine, There is a reason they are in the top percentile of Realtors Nation-wide, not just Arizona, but Nation-WIDE!!! Keep up the great work Hill Group. OUTSTANDING!!!!!!
5	As far as real estate agents go, it doesn't get any better than The Hill Group. As a first time homebuyer who was buying from almost 2000 miles away, I can say I was totally terrified at the thought but the guys at the Hill Group made the process easy, understandable and painless, believe it or not.  The night we put the bid in on the house, it was late on a Saturday night..well after 7pm yet Daniel and Joshua stayed on until the job was done, talking me through the paperwork via email and phone until I had everything signed and ready to go.  This kind of service is exactly what you should expect from the Hill Group. They went well out of their way to explain and explain again if I needed it, and even after the sale they are still helping me out with recomendations and referrals as I get acclamated to a new house and new place.  They are extremely knowledgable, very personable, punctual, helpful and fun....I can't imagine buying or selling a house without them!
5	My husband and I didn't know any realtors in AZ but had heard about the Hill Group through coworkers. They were very knowledgeable about the Chandler area - where we were looking to buy. They made us feel comfortable and let us ask them a ton of questions. Buying a home is a lengthy process and there is so much to remember to do - The Hill Group helped us keep on top of it. They were patient, understanding, and very knowledgeable.They are still here for us even after almost a year of living in our new home! They keep in touch and sent us an anniversary card. The personal touch is what makes a lasting impression! If we ever move again we will use the Hill Group, no doubt. Don't hesitate to hire this group - you will not be disappointed!
5	Joshua is one of the outstanding professionals at The Hill Group, residential real estate brokers.  Joshua is conscientious and client-oriented.  I have worked with him on short sales, where he is quite knowledgeable and effective.
5	There are a TON of real estate agents in the valley and I have worked with many of them over the years.  It seems that finding a Realtor who is thorough, knowledgeable, and truly focused on their client is tough.  I can tell you that the members of the Hill Group are all of these things.  They are the BEST agents you will ever work with...bar none!I know many people that have hired the Hills to handle their real estate transaction.  Whether buying, selling, short selling, foreclosure, rental, etc.  In every situation the client has been extremely happy with the service provided.The Hill Group is the ONLY real estate agency I will use.
5	I worked with Josh Hill, and I feel fortunate that he was recommended to me by a coworker.  As a Yankee transplant new to the area, Josh was incredibly patient and helpful in allowing us to first learn the area, show us tons of options, and provide a fair and balanced view on our choices. His follow up was perfect, and he went way beyond the call of duty.  He is also incredibly knowledgeable about the area and the real estate market. Highly recommended!
5	This company Rocks!  Focused on client satisfaction and attention to detail is just two of the things that sets these Realtors as one of the top producers in the state.  I have watched this company in action on several occasions over the last 4 years (when they didn't know I was watching) and every single time I was impressed by how much they really do care about their clients experience and satisfaction.  Think about it... If you buy the wrong pair of shoes, that's not good. However If you buy the wrong house - it's life changing.I have The Hill Group on speed-dial on my cell phone so that I can quickly provide their phone number to anyone in my life-circle that is either buying or selling a home.This company Rocks!
5	The Hill's have been friends and clients of mine for several years now - they even helped me look for a rental property when I was not ready to buy. I trust them 100% and have watched them help people out time and time again. These guys are real estate pros in a league all their own! They are also active members in the local community and give back.
5	Josh was awesome at helping me find my new home. Was very knowledgeable with the real estate market and I really felt he did a great job at representing my interests in the home buying process. He's very personable as well and actually had fun looking at houses with him.
5	Working with Joshua Hill was a pleasure. He is an expert in Arizona real estate, has a rigorous, quantitative approach to analyzing the market, and was exceptionally helpful with all of my (numerous) questions and requests. As a buyer, I found him to be a terrific and objective resource; one of those rare real estate professionals who will never make you feel as if you're being pressured into something you aren't comfortable with. On the contrary, Josh was at all times patient and, above all, professional through every step of my home purchase process. Thanks, Josh!
5	Joshua Hill is the Best!I was searching for a seasoned and knowledgeable agent to help us find the right home. The agent I wanted, needed to communicate clearly every step of the way.  This agent had to be patient and available under any situation.  His response to time sensitive issues must be quick.  I expected him to advise me with my best interest every time.  I know my expected level of service might be high, but myself having 8 years of mortgage lending experience demanded a certain individual.  I'm extremely impressed I found Joshua Hill.I used Yelp to find him and the reviews don't lie.  Relatives in Chandler recommended agents they had used in the past but neither measured up until I made contact with Joshua.  He took us through dozens of homes, explained the current market conditions, and ultimately achieved our goal of becoming homeowners in Chandler.Thank you Joshua, Kirsten, and the rest of your team at The Hill Group.The Chavez Family
5	Thanks to Yelp, we found The Hill Group and our amazing realtor Joshua.Just from speaking to him on the phone, I knew Josh was the right person to help us find our first home.  He and my husband connected instantly when discussing areas to look for a house.  He was incredibly patient with my concerns and requests and ultimately helped us find and close on our amazing new house in the Coronado district!We will certainly be recommending The Hill Group to anyone we know who is looking to buy a home.Thanks so much, Josh!  We love the house! :)
5	It's been two years since the Hill Group (Doug, Kirstin and Joshua) put us in our new home and we couldn't be happier.  They were great to work with, always accommodating and they provided all the info we needed to make a good decision.  We really enjoyed working with them through the entire process.
5	Josh thank you so much for helping us, you were very resourceful and energetic and so pleasant to work with. Coming from the DC was a big change and you made it very easy and gave us advice like we were your own family. Two thumps up.....
5	Joshua and the rest of The Hill Group were outstanding! Joshua made sure to thoroughly explain every step of the process from the minute we started looking at properties until we signed the final closing documents. Joshua and team were extremely knowledgeable with the real estate market and made a point to answer every question/concern we had immediately.We MORE than highly recommend Joshua and The Hill Group!
5	I turned to Yelp to find a real estate agent, and the scores of positive reviews for The Hill Group made them an easy choice. I feared that they'd be too busy to help me, and my worries were put to rest with our first phone call. A house visit by Doug, a professional and friendly man, strengthened my faith. Doug and Kirsten gave great tips on how to stage my home, went above and beyond in putting my home in front of as many eyes as possible, and were available by phone or email when I needed them. They recommended services for all aspects of the home sale -- from a free home warranty to carpet cleaners and other concierge amenities.They helped me sell my home within 2 months, almost unheard of nowadays. Kirsten was at my closing, every bit as professional and engaging as Doug. It was a pleasure to work with The Hill Group, and I recommend them to everyone I know looking to buy or sell a home. I would work with them again in a heartbeat.
5	We were clueless first-time homebuyers relocating from California to Tempe, Arizona this past summer. We narrowed down our neighborhood thanks to months of searching online via the Hill Group's MLS portal, and one long day touring homes with Doug.When a house popped up that seemed like a sweet deal, Doug went and videotaped a walk-through for us, and walked us through a minor bidding war. We won! Both Doug and Kirsten were incredible in smoothing over all the potential pitfalls of our purchase-from-afar, definitely no small task. They are clearly the most professional, connected, and respected group in the area. We've been in our house for 3 months,and loving it more every day,  thanks entirely to the Hill Group!
5	We have nothing but praise for Joshua Hill and The Hill Group!!  We love the home we ended up with, and we couldn't have done it without them!Joshua was extremely friendly and professional, and you could tell he always had our best interests in mind.  Whether it was Joshua, Andrew or anyone else in the group, there was always someone available to help us out when needed.  Joshua was always well prepared for home showings, and his knowledge and experience with the homes in the Valley proved invaluable to our search.The Hill Group was there every step of the way to make our home buying process amazingly simple and fun.  As first time home buyers, we were unaware of how involved and lengthy the process really is--so much more than just pick a home and make an offer.  The initial meetings, loan pre-approvals, home showings, negotiations, writing contracts, home inspections, closing escrow--Joshua and the rest of The Hill Group was always there to help along the way, and they made it all as simple as possible for us.  We can't imagine going through all of that without them!We could go on and on about how great our experience was working with The Hill Group.  It was such a pleasure to work with them, and they made the home-buying experience fun and memorable.  When the time comes to do it all again, we will most certainly go back to them with our business.  We would recommend them to anyone, hands-down!!A BIG THANKS TO THE HILL GROUP FOR OUR AMAZING NEW HOME!!!!-Alex and Julie
5	Thank you Joshua and The HIll Group!  We really appreciate all the help and service you gave us as our son purchased his first home.  You were prompt in returning our telephone calls and e-mails, were always there to answer our questions and lead our son in the right direction.  My husband and I are most likely going to purchase a 2nd home in Scottsdale in the near future, and will definitely contact you for your expertise and services.
5	I would like to express how fantastic our experience was with the Hill Group. As a first time home buyer, I was incredibly nervous about the whole process. Josh more than put my fears to rest.I was recommended to contact Josh and the Hill Group from a few friends who had utilized their services in the past and were very pleased. I can happily say my friends were right. Josh and the team were professional, knowledgeable, and efficient. My wife and I love our new home and The Hill Group played a large part in making it possible. I would recommend their services to anyone.
2	I was anticipating a wonderful experience with The Hill Group after reading all the wonderful reviews. Unfortunately, I am looking for a home in WEST Phoenix and I was informed by The Hill Group that their firm does not work with clients looking in the Avondale/Litchfield Park area. I was very disappointed. However, I did receive a timely response to my inquiry email from Daniel Hill. The stars reflect only my disappointment.
5	As first time buyers, Joshua was extremely helpful and always willing to walk us through areas we didn't understand or processes which we had not yet been through. He expertly managed a variety of issues which arose during the housing search process, negotiations, and closing period. He was always courteous and knowledgeable and frequently made himself available outside of standard business hours. I'd highly recommend Joshua and The Hill Group to anyone looking to purchase a home in the Phoenix area, and especially to first time buyers.
5	My husband and I moved to Arizona earlier this year and decided we were ready to start looking at buying our first home. We turned to Joshua on the recommendation of a co-worker and were incredibly happy that we made that decision! From the very first meeting to the very short time thereafter that we purchased our house, he made everything incredibly easy and transparent. I had been dreading the house hunting process, especially being new to the Phoenix area and hearing horror stories from co-workers, but we ran into almost no issues whatsoever. Joshua was forthright with us on concerns or questions we ran into during the process, and was readily available to answer our questions and file paperwork with the listing agent. Thanks to him what could easily have been a nightmare process was instead short and sweet, with little complexity.I would highly recommend Joshua and the rest of The Hill Group for their honesty, knowledgeability, work ethic, and fantastic customer service. If we should find ourselves in the market to buy or sell again, my husband and I would definitely choose The Hill Group!
5	When we decided to sell our home in Gilbert, AZ to relocate back to the East Coast,  we knew we needed to find an ace realty firm to help make our dreams a reality.  We'd bought and sold a few times before, all over the country, and learned that the best chance for us was to find a firm that lived and breathed real estate, was highly ethical, and worked as a team.   We invited the Hill Group to pitch their services to us mainly because of the gleaming reviews we found here on Yelp.  My first contact was with Kirsten.  She was professional, confident, and knowledgeable.  Doug came out to our home and, took a look around and provided us with everything we needed to know about whether or not we could sell the house we had just built less than one year prior.  One of the main reasons we listed with the Hill Group was because they were like a well oiled machine.  I explained to another competing realtor who worked alone that it was important to me to have a team working to sell our home quickly and for the best price.  He warned me that I would probably be passed off to a realtor in the firm and that I would probably never even deal with the head honcho again and that these firms that work as "teams" advertise one thing and give you another.  Fortunately because we aren't new to real estate, I thanked him for his concerns and moved forward with our plans.  Nothing he said could have been further from the truth.  Doug and Kirsten jumped into action and got us listed within the timeframe we gave them.  They have excellent resources for marketing homes, which we fully appreciated.  Every partner they sent to our home to ready us for market was professional, and actually quite good at what they do.  When other houses weren't selling in our neighborhood, ours did, for a fair price, and within the timeframe we needed.  On the off chance someone wasnt available to answer our call, it was always returned promptly.  I actually started to think that Doug and Kirsten don't allow themselves to go to sleep at night without returning their voicemails, emails, and text messages.  Even when the most unpleasant situations arise during the tumultuous and emotionally challenging journey of selling your home, Doug was right there finding the positive side, coaching us, keeping us laughing.  The Hill Group combs through every last detail making sure they look out for your best interests.  They have great resources in place for soliciting feedback from the people who tour your home.  Their knowledge is so current and relevant, they waste no time trying to figure stuff out, or stumbling over paperwork.  Their rapport with their fellow colleagues keeps open lines of communication that sometimes result in pleasant surprises during the negotiation process.   They worked with us every step of the way.  Once our house was under contract, Andrew provided us with all the information we needed to be prepared for closing and communicated details to us as he received them.  Doug met us at the closing table for one final hand shake.  From start to finish, consummate professionals through and through.  Hiring the Hill Group was the best decision we made, especially in a questionable market that is extremely difficult to navigate.  We could not be happier with our experience and outcome.
5	Thank you to our realtor Steve James with The Hill Group for working so tirelessly at finding us a home  in Scottsdale AZ.  The effort Steve put into our search was above and beyond what we expected. We are greatful for the time he took and for the house we ultimately purchased.He took the time to view the homes and on many occasions sent us videos of the properties.  Because of this we purchased just the right home for us.  The process of purchasing the home while out of state went extremely well. Steve was able to have us sign all the documents via e sign which was extremely convenient. Transaction manager Andrew Hill provide us with all the information needed to finalize the purchase and provided us with all the necessary utility phone numbers for the Scottsdale area. We would highly recommend Steve James with The Hill Group for his dedication to finding us just the right home.
5	We just purchased our first home with help from Steven James at The Hill Group. We had no idea what we were getting into, but Steven was very helpful and informative every step of the way. We started our search almost six months ago but then had to put it on hold while we sorted out some financial issues. Steven was very patient and understanding, and once we started looking again, he was able to find us a fantastic house that was almost completely move-in ready and within our price range.Additionally, when our bank began making things difficult regarding mortgage requirements, Steven put us in touch with another lender that provided an equally high level of service, enabling us to get into our house at least two months earlier than would otherwise have been possible.Buying a house is always stressful, but Steven made it as easy as it could be, and I can't recommend him and The Hill Group highly enough.
5	This is a 5 Star real estate group and nothing less.  Absolute experts within every area they focus in, clients can expect to gain more than just a great home buying experience.  Joshua and the rest of The Hill Group pride themselves on educating the people they work with about the current home market and help you align your requirements with your budget to get you a home in a great area that you and your family will not only love but will benefit from financially in the years to come.I had worked with another Realtor for almost 8 months which led to frustration and the decision to find a new Realtor. I purchased my first home from Joshua in the DC Ranch area and every aspect of the search and sale went smoothly.  At the time of my purchase prices were low which is obviously a good thing, however, the area i was looking in was a hotbed and at the time a bank owned home would get listed and have multiple offers within the first day or two.  Seriously, this Real Estate Ninja (Josh) was all over any new listing that he thought i'd like and would always make a prompt and aggressive offer that lead me to a successful purchase after around a month of searching.The bottom line is this, I love these guys. I ended up with the right home in the right area that's gone up in value. I'm normally hesitant to refer others to a company but i have complete confidence in The Hill Group. I've referred a few friends and family members since my purchase and all have had the same experience i did. They made me look like a hero, which i like!
5	I can't begin to express how blown away I was with the service provided to me by the ladies and gents at The Hill Group.  I sold my old home and bought my new home with the help of Doug, Kirsten, Steven, and Andrew and the experience could not have been better.  Through them I was able to sell my old home within a week at listing price which was completely astounding.  Then, when it came to looking for a new home, Steven was the man.  He worked with me for more then month looking for the perfect place.  Then, when I finally get it and there's trouble getting the keys once it closed, he drives from Gilbert to Glendale in rush hour traffic, gets me the keys, delivers them to me in person while I was at a dinner party with some friends, and then pays for the dinner on top of it.  These are some serious stand up guys and gals and I could not recommend them more.  I'm upset that I can't give more then 5 stars.  Awesome people and I highly recommend them.
5	My husband and I were first time homebuyers last June and can't thank the whole team at Hill Group enough for all their help on getting us our first home, particulary Joshua and Daniel.  Daniel met with us, drove us around and really allowed us to get a sense of neighborhoods near downtown Phoenix. We had an awesome experience and appreciated the guidance and expertise from Joshua when viewing houses. We never felt rushed or pressured...Joshua helped keep things realistic and in perspective throughout the process, since we were new/naive to the home buying experience. Joshua also provided a number of contacts we have continued to use as home owners, all of which have been reputable, dependable and affordable, something that  can be difficult to find as a homeowner!  We also appreciate the holidays cards and  tax reminders we receive throughout the year!!! I will continue to refer friends to the Hill Group and if we ever sell our house and buy another, I would not hesistate to use the Hill Group again!!
5	I had the pleasure of working with Joshua Hill last month on a purchase transaction and was extremely impressed with his level of professionalism and overall care he exhibited for our client. I work with many Realtors and can tell you that Joshua stood out from most of them with his attitude and competence. Thank you for doing great work, Joshua!
5	My wife and I live in Michigan and were looking to buy a second home in Scottsdale so I contacted the Hill Group because of their great reviews. I've dealt with several real estate agencies over the years but the experience we had with Steven James at the Hill Group was off the charts. Steven promptly contacted us, listened to our criteria over the phone, and had us set up on his search portal within a few hours. Steven personally took it upon himself to visit each listing on our list and actually made his own home video for us. He seemed highly motivated to help do anything we needed including narrowing our search. This exercise of video taping each house was no small task but within 3-4 days he had visited all he houses and forwarded to us the videos. All this was done while we were still in Michigan. We were able to narrow our initial search from 14-15 houses down to 4-5 through this process. At that point all we had to do was fly into town spend a day looking at our small list and pick the one we wanted. It's been a long time since I've seen this kind of customer service from anyone, let alone a Realtor who had no guarantee that it would end up paying off. Through Steven's hard work and honed negotiating skills we were able to secure a purchase agreement on a beautiful home in the Silverleaf development in less than 2 weeks start to finish.
5	I called Hill based on their Yelp reviews. Steven James reached out to me very very quickly. He immediately sent me over the Arizona Buyers guide, set me up with MLS listings and set a time to speak with me about what I liked. Because I am working temporarily In NYC, I had to do everything over the phone.  When I was in town with my Fiance, we met with Steven. Off the bat he sat us down and explained the current market conditions and what to expect. We then went to look at a number of different houses. I like that he gave us his honest opinions. He clearly indicated what he didn't like about certain houses, rather then try to get us in any one of them. He buys and flips houses on his own, and knows a lot about what to look for regarding appreciation and future repairs. We found our dream home the first day, Steve called the agent, and learned no one had made an offer. He did research on the market and area, and made a recommendation as far as an offer that he thought was appropriate, it was accepted, and came in at less then the house was appraised at by out lender, so...that's cool, though we didn't really test how low we could go. Anyways, it was a real pain buying a house from New York. Steven was patient on the phone with me, walking me through the offer line by line explaining everything. When we did our inspection, he went to bat insisting on ALL the repairs being completed, and they were. All in all it was a pretty painless process. We closed on Friday, and Steven brought us champagne and a card. He also got us a very nice closing gift. Every recommendation he made from our lender to inspector was spot on. I will recommend Steven to anyone looking to buy in Scottsdale. As for the rest of the Hill Group, I mainly dealt with Andrew, and he replied to all my emails within minutes. Very easy, very helpful. Thank you Hill Group from a very happy Home Owner
5	What can I say, The Hill Group rocks! After finding them on Yelp my wife and I choose them to sell and buy or new home. We mostly worked with Joshua (Selling Agent), Steven (Buyers Agent), and Andrew (Escrow Guru) who guided us through the home selling/buying process. Each step along the way was very well thought out and monitored by this team of fine agents. Joshua was such a great help when we were selling our home. The initial consultation was very informative about how they go about selling a home and their recommendations. With a culmination of research, some amazing resources, and countless phone calls they were able to get us 2 offers before the end of the first week on the market. Needless to say it they definitely exceeded our expectations. Steven assisted us in trying to find our perfect home (Arcadia). We went through home after home for approximately 4 weeks before we found the one (One day we saw 10 houses in 2.5 hours, must be some sort of record). He was extremely helpful in contacting the other agent, getting info that helped us offer the correct amount. I could tell at all times he was always thinking in our best interest, which ultimately lead to the purchasing our wonderful home for years to come.     Finally Andrew, he was the glue that made sure everything went smooth during the escrow process. Not ever going through that before he made it very simple. He gave us step by step instructions about which documents were needed or what needed to be signed. If we needed dates changed or had any questions he was our advocate to all the other parties involved. Overall I could not of asked for a better way to go about buying and selling a home. The Hill Group made it as stress free as possible and were with us the entire way. I'm very thankful for everything they have done and would recommend them to anyone buying or selling their home here in Phoenix!
5	After first researching brokers in the Scottsdale area, I found one but could immediately see it was not going to work out.  The person did not respond to my needs on a timely basis and I felt like I was more on her schedule than mine.  Frustrated , I went on Yelp and came across the Hill Group.  I read the reviews and thought Steven James would meet our needs.   Steven was great.  He was totally accommodating, very knowledgeable about the market trends and was a great negotiator.  He went over and above his role on one particular house we liked that would have been a total re-do by having a local builder give us a quote on what the re-do would entail.  He was very thorough during the negotiation process and worked hard for us to get us the best deal possible.  I loved how he followed with us and i loved how he was so assertive with the listing agents.  Thanks Steven.
5	Really great for high maintenance clients like myself. The Hill Group (Daniel) helped with our home purchase and was willing to go the extra mile to help us purchase a home. Through all the ups and downs of home buying he was there every step and very responsive with every little thing that we had questions about. Excellent across the board. I highly recommend The Hill Group.
5	Thank you to Doug and Kirsten Hill, Steven James and the whole Hill Group team for selling our home in Scottsdale.  They were all very easy to work with, professional,  accommodating and easily accessible.  Kirsten Hill is an expert in dealing with any issues related to the sale, she is very thorough and detailed.  A pleasure to work with. Because of the great staff at the Hill Group we were able to sell our home for an excellent price and the process was seamless.Thank you to The Hill Group, we look forward to working with you again.
5	5-star real estate group! I recently purchased my first home in summer 2013. I found the Hill Group on Yelp and decided to go with them as I was impressed with all the good reviews. I decided to contact Steven James directly  (I liked his profile on the website as we have some common interests).  He guided me through the buying process as a first timer; he is very professional, always on time and willing to meet to show homes at almost anytime.  I had my homes picked out and my top two in mind before we met, I just needed to see them. Luckily, it  took a quick couple of weeks until I found my perfect home. He made the process very smooth, quick and easy! He even gave me some recommendations for mortgage companies. If I had to do it all over again, I would contact the Hill Group again!
5	I recently had the pleasure of both selling and purchasing a home through The Hill Group and I have got to say that I've never had a more enjoyable real estate experience in 10 years of home ownership. Joshua Hill is the consummate professional. He is always looking for ways to maximize the amount of money that you can get for your home. He is always available when you have a question and returns calls/emails promptly on the rare occasion that he is not available. How rare is that nowadays? He did a great job of marketing our home and we were under contract within one day of listing. Once that happened he worked tirelessly to make sure that we understood the process and negotiated fearlessly on our behalf. With his help we were able to close with no issues.When it came to purchasing a home we were partnered with Steven James and he is as good as it gets. Steven was on top of making sure that he understood exactly what I was looking for in a home and made sure to steer me clear of potential pitfalls when looking at homes. Again, communication was very strong and I never had a call/email that wasn't answered immediately or returned within the hour. Once we found the right home he was on top of making sure that he worked hand in hand with the lender to make sure that he moved the process along. Our experience with the lender was less than stellar and made for a very stressful process. Steven was there at each hurdle helping to reassure us and make sure that we knew that he was advocating for us. I can't say enough about how far Steven is willing to go to make sure that you are happy with your new home.In short, I had a phenomenal experience with The Hill Group and have already referred two family members who are currently working with them as well and who also rave about their experiences. If you are in the market to either sell or purchase a home do yourself a favor and call The Hill Group.
5	House hunting in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area? Look no further until you've contacted The Hill Group! This wonderful team of caring and knowledgeable professionals make home buying as rewarding and enjoyable as possible (a very daunting process when you are an out of state buyer relocating to an unfamiliar area). During your house hunting phase, be sure to work with Steven James. His knowledge, enthusiasm and dedication to help you find the home of your dreams will make your time well spent. He has a knack for understanding your likes and dislikes, tastes and I was particularly impressed with his observations of small details that had escaped my notice while viewing properties. At the end of the day it comes down to people and Steve is charming, affable, honest and will work very hard to find the house of your dreams...he did for us!
5	My wife and I were relocating from San Fransisco, and was in need to find the highest quality real estate group in the Scottsdale area due to a very short timeline to relocate.  After viewing some other great reviews and researching The Hill Group's website, I knew that I found the right people to help us with our first home purchase.  I am so impressed with everyone that I was in contact within THE HILL GROUP specifically STEVEN JAMES (480) 980-7656. The professionalism and drive that Steven had to find us a house that we loved was fantastic. He may not have known this (maybe he just didn't show it), but we are very hard to please. His main goal was to find us a house that we were in love with, and we did just that. Steven I am so thankful that we picked you to help us with this step in our lives. Steven, I wish you the best of luck with everything that you do with your career. Thank you so much!
5	I have worked with Doug, Kirsten, and Joshua Hill at the Hill Group to both buy and sell my house in Maricopa, Az, while living out of state. Each one was wonderful to work with. Doug and Kirsten are the ones that showed us many houses in the Phoenix, Queens Creek, Maricopa and surrounding areas, while we were there for one week. They make you feel like you are working with a consummate professional and your best friend; they are always offering to meet and mingle with us if we are ever in town. They are a very caring and knowledgeable group. After my house was sold, I worked with Joshua. He was instrumental in arranging and coordinating with the needed contractors and the buyers agent to get my house ready for closing, and even chased after endlessly one of the contractors I had hired, that wouldn't get back to me; and by the way the contractors they recommend are first rate. Once you've experienced the Hill Group, you'll never want to use anyone else.
5	We just recently completed a home purchase with Joshua Hill of The Hill Group in Scottsdale.  We are extremely pleased with the level of attention to detail and the ability of Joshua to stay on top of the entire process of purchasing a home even when he had a full schedule of work.  We never felt like we were put second or had to wait for any questions or concerns to be addressed.  Joshua and the entire team at The Hill Group are amazing and we will be publicly and privately recommending them to anyone looking to purchase or even sell a home in the Phoenix metro area.Joshua was extremely knowledgeable about the ins and outs of the real estate market in Phoenix and elsewhere and was able to very (scarily) accurately predict any good or bad points of the homes we viewed to the point that when we finally decided on our current home, the inspector's report basically echoed what Joshua had already pointed out to us.  Another important point I need to point out is that after a few home purchases across the US from PA to MO to AZ, Joshua easily provided the most consistent, reliable, and appropriate communications with us of any realtor with whom we have ever worked.Many many thanks again to Joshua and all of their amazing people at The Hill Group.  We will definitely be doing any further real estate ventures in coordination with their group whenever possible.Wish I could give more stars.  Thanks guys!
5	We had a very good experience with Steven James and the rest of the Hill Group team and highly recommend them.
5	Still amazing as always. This time Joshua helped us sell the house which he helped us buy! It was a pleasure to go through the process with him again, this time from the seller's side. I would choose no one else to be part of my home buying/selling process and am going to dearly miss having his advice when next we search for a house. He fought for us in every situation and we couldn't have asked for a better realtor.
5	They provide professional, efficient, and responsive service.  My exposure has been limited to Josh, but he is an impressive standout in a profession plagued, unfortunately, by charlatans.
5	I just sold another investment property with the Hill Group as my listing agents.  They were excellent.  They helped me understand exactly what to fix, what to eliminate, how to stage, and how to make the property show very well.  It was a great result and a very quick close.  Happy Happy Happy!
5	My husband and I just completed the process of buying our first home with The Hill Group. They had been recommended by a couple of friends and we are glad that we chose them. Steven James was our realtor and he was always very professional and communicative. Every time we called him or texted him he responded promptly. As first time home buyers, we obviously had A LOT of questions and concerns. Steven always answered them and never seemed annoyed or rushed. You can tell he takes a lot of pride in a job well done and that he really enjoys his profession. He shows up on time, every time. He kept us in the loop. He seemed to really understand what we were looking for. We found a place on the first day we went looking. It also really felt like we had the help of not only Steven, but the Hill Group as a whole. We had some potential issues with the seller (they were from out of state and did not want to fix anything) and it felt like the whole Hill Group team worked together to offer solutions and support. We even called Joshua to try and understand what might be going on (on the part of the seller) since he deals a lot with selling. He answered all of our questions and was so nice as well. It ended up all working out and we can't wait to move in this weekend to our first place! Thank you all!
5	The Hill Group recently helped us sell our home. We had a contract in place in 4 days and sold our home very quickly.  I have to say they did a stellar job and I would highly recommend them. There was constant and immediate communication and I felt as though they managed the entire process somewhat effortlessly and with professionalism. We also liked the fact the Hill Group provided very honest and direct advice for prepping a home for sale.  Yes, their advice worked. The Hill Group does value honesty and integrity and they work diligently for a successful outcome for their clients. This a family run business who really cares about making a difference.
5	After many disappointing experiences with real estate agents, we did our homework before moving back to Arizona.  The Hill Group was recommended to us and we found them to be highly rated.  Upon taking our call and listening to our needs, we were assigned to Steven James.  He truly was the perfect match for us.  I actually felt bad for how hard we had to work Steven.  We had very specific requests and ran in to issues at all stages that Steven guided us through with expertise, confidence and grace.  He has a first class team of experts backing him up for anything truly unusual, and they worked together as a well oiled machine.  I will refer everyone I can to Steven and know that they are in good hands.
5	I am very glad I worked with Steven James of the Hill Group to buy my home in Scottsdale for a variety of reasons. I'd sold my home in Chandler using a different realtor (who only works in the 85248), and the buyer gave me the whole summer to vacate. Steven is the only realtor I talked to who didn't try to rush me to start househunting before I was ready, nor did he blow me off like some others. Not only is it important to me to work with a realtor who is skilled and knowledgeable,  but as a single woman I want to know that the person driving me around and spending time alone with me is a safe person to be around. You ladies know what I mean! I think in all my years of buying and selling houses (yeah I'm kinda old!), I felt more comfortable, at ease, and taken care of by Steven in particular, and the Hill Group in general, than any other real estate people I've ever dealt with. Finally, Steven is a creative, outside-the-box thinker who finds novel ways to be of service and comes up with ideas most folks would never have thought of. This is not to take anything away from the other realtor who sold my house, who was fabulous, but it's easy to be fabulous when you only work in one zip code! Steven showed me homes all over Scottsdale and Phoenix, and was extremely knowledgeable about the entire valley as well as the pros/cons of each location. I'm happy I was referred to the Hill Group, and I love my new home!
5	I currently reside in Minneapolis with my wife.  We decided to list our Phoenix property this year.  We were referred to 7 different real estate companies.  The Hill Group was the first to respond back to us.  After reading their reviews, we decided to hire them.  We sold our home and had a great experience working with Joshua. We would recommend this company!
5	I had such a positive experience working with Steven James and The Hill Group for my recent home purchase.  Steven is extremely professional and worked hard to make the process as smooth as possible for me.  I appreciate the time he took to negotiate with the seller to get me pretty much everything I could ask for and now I am loving my dream home!  Steven was always accessible, extremely flexible with meeting times, etc and I would definitely recommend him to any one who is looking for a great realtor!
5	You can stop searching for a Realtor now! Just call The Hill Group, there is a reason why they are a stand out on Yelp-- they are the best! I found them on Yelp after having worked with an agent for quite some time to find a new home. Joshua and Andrew came out to meet my husband and I, and it was very obvious from the beginning that they we were going to hire them. They were both very knowledgeable about the process, what to expect, gave us tons of advice on buying and selling, and in general they are just super nice human beings! Their follow up was spot on throughout the entire process, and I can't say enough about how helpful they were. We ended up getting a great deal done on the sale of our home, and found a new home we are absolutely in love with. Andrew was our buying agent, and not only did he humor us by laughing at all of our silly jokes, etc, he also saved our toddler from poisoning herself at one point :) We also worked with briefly with Kirsten, and their admin Beth, who were both equally as pleasant and helpful. In addition, they were able to recommend a lender and few different service providers along the way. All of whom did a fantastic job for us. Again, just call them, you will not be disappointed!
5	The Hill Group helped us find the right home for us. Thank you!
5	The Hill group was amazingly efficient and professional in both the selling of our old home and the buying of our new one. Joshua was infinitely patient as we worked in a tight market to find a new place that suited us. His recommendations were carefully considered to meet our needs/wants. When we finally found the home we wanted, he acted immediately to secure it, ahead of other bids that came in that same day. Joshua took the time to really listen to us and to be sure we were comfortable with each step of the process.Our transactions happened over a year and a half ago and we are unexpectedly faced with going through the same process again. We'll definitely be using Joshua as our agent. I just wish we could take him to our new community with us, so we could find the perfect place there!
5	I have known Joshua and his family for years. He has been a close friend of mine but I had the pleasure of actually working with him back in December when he helped me purchase my first home. He was professional, respectful, knowledgable and persistent during the entire process. My father who has a strong interest in real estate investments in the Valley refuses to work with anyone but Joshua and his team. Furthermore he constantly asks Josh's opinion before making a real estate decision; either personal or business. According to him he is the most knowledgable and thoughtful and data driven realtor he has ever worked with. There are few people in the world that are truly passionate about what they do and with Josh it shows. I have referred Joshua and The Hill Group to many of my friends and they have all had a great experience with him as well. There is a reason why they are the best! Passionate. Classy. Professional. Knowledgable. Efficient. And a rather witty sense of humor! Thank you guys again for being so great. It is truly a pleasure!
5	My wife and I recently moved to the Valley and were looking to purchase a home. A colleague suggested I contact the Hill Group as they assisted here when she moved to the area a number of years ago. We began working with Steven James of the Hill Group. Steven exceeded our expectations and was the consummate processional in assisting us in finding a home. Steven listened and then methodically provided much needed advice in acquainting us with the area and making sure we checked our boxes in finding a home. The result was, we found a great home that far and above everything we were looking for. We were so lucky to have found the Hill Group and Steven, because they made it happen. Steven was very responsive to our requests and went above and beyond any real estate agent we have ever dealt with.  We would recommend the Hill Group and Steven unequivocally  to anyone that needs a top notch real estate agent.
5	I partnered with The Hill Group to sell my house. They did an outstanding job even before the house was ever put on the market. Local market research was thorough with detailed comps and statistics. They provide access to a staging consultant and real estate photographer free of charge. The photos used in the listing were fantastic.    The Hill Group did a very good job of generating interest and traffic through the house. It took longer to sell than I had hoped, but that's because it fell out of contract twice. It was never on the open market for very long because they do a great job marketing their listings.   When choosing an agency, you really want a team that understands the nuances of the local neighborhoods. The Hill Group does this, and they're in the sweet spot with respect to volume. They're big enough where you get access to good marketing campaigns yet they still provide individual attention because every sale is important to them.
5	Steven was great guiding us through our first home buying experience. He really took the time to make sure we understood everything, even when we asked the same thing 12 times! Also when things weren't going right, he was quick to get them fixed. Although I didn't love his choice of mortgage lender, I'd  recommend Steven to anyone for buying a home! Thanks Steven!
