4	We went to Ten Penny on the 2nd day that they were open. We tried a lot of things on the menu, starting with the crispy brussels sprouts. I am seeing more and more brussels sprouts showing up in restaurants these days, but the ones at Ten Penny were amazing. They had bacon, Jack Daniels sauce and blue cheese mixed in with the brussels sprouts. I loved them.Next we had the osso buco and the American clam bake.The food came out in these cast iron containers and it was neat.The clam bake was pretty good, I liked the ale that they used to steam everything in. I used my bread to soak all of the juice up and it was good. The osso buco was very tasty as well.We finished off with the s'mores and the salted caramel pretzel torte. The s'mores were a lot of work and not the best, but the salted caramel pretzel torte was unreal. The caramel was homemade and so good.They had complimentary sparkling water which was so tasty. They also had 24 beers on tap, none of which were domestics. Which is a huge win...Overall it was really good, especially smooth for being open for a short amount of time. You will not be disappointed with the ambiance either.Go here.
5	Ten Penny is amazing.  Great atmosphere, great beer selection, top notch service and amazing food.  I had the Truffle Mac & Cheese, Bacon Wrapped Brussel Sprouts, Filet & Creme Brulee Sampler and everything was amazing.
1	First let me state I haven't had the food... but that's why I'm writing this review!I live a block from the Ten Penny and on this Saturday night around 8 PM I thought it would be a good time to try out the new place on the block. All the shows in the Cultural District were underway, no crowds, but still prime time dinner time!My party of three walked the block down to Ten Penny looking forward to some culinary delights and some good libations. When we walked in the new place looked great very nicely appointed and upscale the promise continuing to build. Then the sock in the face....The girl at the front asked if we had a reservation. I politely said no but we live on the street and wanted to grab a bite at the new spot. This is why I'm writing this review...... she proceeds to say there is no seating in the dinning room available without a reservation as I count TEN empty tables without ANYONE waiting to be seated at the door!!!! Then to add insult to confusion she proceeds to tell us we can go to the bar and maybe find a seat.... well it's pretty hard for me to see open tables set for service, no one waiting to be seated then be told they are booked and can't seat me and two others! Little advice if you require reservations put it out online, on Yelp and post a sign then I wouldn't be offended when I get there and count TEN places we could have been seated. Also if management reviews this posting know this I went to another restaurant on the same street and racked up a sizable tab which could have been yours... Three main entrees, one appetizer, three glasses of wine, two mixed drinks with top shelf spirits, and three desserts... you do the math! Oh not to mention your hostess rolling her eyes at me for showing up without a reservation and then snidely dismissing me to the bar for a good luck getting a seat and a meal. A word of advice, being the new kid on the block, before you can be an exclusive establishment where everyone needs a reservation to get a table...... first you have to build that reputation with strong reviews praising your food, spirits, and atmosphere not turning away dinners who are willing to try you out and take a risk!SO with that off my chest I'm very disappointed with this new kid on the block!
5	i decided to check out Ten Penny on a Monday night so i go in sit at the bar order a beer and water . first off  they purify their water in house ordered their pork chop it was perfectly seasoned and cooked and didn't take very long at all. then i had their pretzel chocolate cake with salted caramel . yummy!!! can't wait to go back and try more of their delectable treats
3	Let's all give this place a try because let's face it--we want more fun restaurants downtown. First off, the atmosphere is great-loved the decor and the fact that in the summer I bet they can open up all the windows and it will be super fun. I like to give restaurants that just open a little break on some of the mishaps that might otherwise not happen during their opening week so I will definitely be back to try again.Food: We ordered the jack daniels/bacon/cheese brussel sprouts and of course they were delicious. Actually a pretty good portion too. People at our table had the filet, duck breast, and the parpardelle pasta. Definitely the duck breast was the winner --it was delicious and so were the sides--only complaint there would be maybe a teence more of the sides. The filet was fine--cooked pretty well, I didn't try it but I heard the pasta wasn't very flavorful. We also ordered the chocolate pretzel dessert which was super good. They kept running out of wine and beer which I thought was pretty odd--but they do have a sommelier who will come around and give you some wine tips. All in all there are several things I want to come back and try after a few weeks/months.Pros: Yummy sounding apps and cocktails (couldn't try them all)Service is friendlyDuck breastDecorComplimentary sparkling water (do they have a soda stream?)Cons:Some of the food was a little bland (pasta/mashed potatoes)Ran out of wine and beer (select few)
2	The service was so so, usually when there is a shift change at the bar it is nice to let those with tabs know you'll be leaving. That didn't happen. Late afternoon they have a very limited menu. I ordered the penne marinara and meatball. The meatball was barely lukewarm and a tad overcooked. I wasn't a fan of the seasoning selection in the sauce. The menu listed that it was served with garlic bread. It did not come out with it and when I inquired the bartender didn't know if it did or didn't but he would get me a piece. When it came out it was overdone. In the end, cool decor and good location. Kinks need worked out and more attention paid attention to details.
4	Really enjoyed the experience at this place. The decor and ambiance of the restaurant are awesome. Also, there is a huge selection of wine and some great beers. Most of the good was really good, especially the Mac n cheese appetizer. The burgers were good as well. A couple of people at our table got the chicken, not very good, wouldn't recommend that one. Scallops looked good but could have used a better sear on them. Overall, great new place.
4	Great new place in Pittsburgh. Conveniently near the Westin for out-of-towners. Friendly bar service (thanks Zach) and a nice buzz. Beet salad and bass main were both excellent with interesting sauces. The Rioja by the glass was entirely palatable. I'll be back.
3	The dish that saved the experience was the filet mignon. It was truly one of the best prepared steak I have had in a while, definitely flavorful. The dishes experiment with flavor combinations that are great ideas need a little bit more tinkering for perfection. Example: The rave of the crispy brussel sprouts where the balsamic glazing is a tad too sweet trying to offset the bacon and blue cheese, the mixed salad is literally lettuce draped in olive oil, no vinegar offset; and mega meetball, while good (sauce is fabulous) doesn't have much to compliment with the actual meet. I must give my compliments to the waiter we had, he was excellent, just enough attention and marketing delivery (after all they bottle their own complimentary water - this means they put the tap water in a bottle before they put it on the table; lol)The decor is unique yet well replicated in pittsburgh, the layout is a more spaced out splice between industry in lawrenceville and a williams and sonoma shelving emsemble.I did enjoy myself, yet my companions would would like to see actual corn on the cob in the american clam bake rather than just little nibblets.All in all another typical Ampd group production but good to check out for the new restauraunt scene.
4	The ambiance was pretty cool.  Not the best steak I've ever had, but still good.  The prices for drinks were average, food moderate.  Our server was very nice, however, service was pretty slow.  We didn't get any of the neat appetizers (hot rocks) or desserts (s'mores), but we were able to see other people who had ordered those, which seemed pretty neat.I wasn't blown away, but I would definitely come again.  Perhaps, for happy hour.
3	Checked out Ten Penny for the first time this weekend and it was surprisingly a nice atmosphere.I can't comment on the food, as we only were there for dessert and drinks, but our bar experience was above average. The bar staff was very friendly and quickly attentive from the time we sat down. I ordered a TP No. 1 Cup which was delicious and my friend ordered a traditional Cosmo martini. We were both happy with our choices. We then had heard about their S'mores dessert and ordered that. The homemade graham crackers, homemade marshmallows and Hershey's bar was amazing. We roasted the marshmallows (raspberry, vanilla and chocolate/jalapeno) and made our own s'mores. It was worth every bite. The only thing that was confusing was their valet service. It was snowing pretty bad so we opted for valet. It said "$10 valet or $7 with validation inside." When we cashed out we got $3 off what we thought was the valet. When we got outside we gave the $9 - $7 + a $2 tip. He thens knocks on my window and says "You owe me $10". We were both confused because we said we got it validated inside and we thought it was $7. He then explained that valet is always $10, and you just get $3 off your tab inside like a "coupon" off your tab. It still didn't make sense to us but we ended up giving him $12 before he allowed us to drive away. Next time - I probably wouldn't valet but I'd go back and try dinner for sure.
4	Ten Penny is a very nice addition to the mid range/high end food scene in Pittsburgh. It's located right across from the Greyhound terminal, so not in the choicest part of downtown, but it does make it relatively easier to find parking! Just as an FYI - they do have valet, it's $10 (steep!) that you pay on the spot, and then if you eat at the restaurant, they refund you $3 off your bill. Kind of weird, if you ask me.Interior decor is very much in line with Cure and Pig and Chicken, with the warmed up industrial wood/reclaimed iron/brick aesthetic. What I liked about it was that it was spacious, and thus, probably can accommodate larger parties (unlike Cure) and also the noise level was manageable. So, a very comfortable, informal place to have good food and good drink. Service is friendly!They have a very extensive wine menu, and very knowledgeable staff to help you make your choice. We actually tried three different wines before settling on one. It was very nice of them to be so willing to try and make sure we got something we really liked. Food was good, but not exceptional. We started with the mushroom flatbread (fine) and crabcakes (good!). Three of us had the filet, which was a seriously large hunk of meat. Very tender, but I felt as though mine was a bit underseasoned, even though it came with a nice demi-glaze sauce. The filets came with sides of brussel sprouts and mashed potatoes, both of which could have used more salt. The other person in our party had the duck, which was also good, but not out of this world.We tried two desserts: the dessert special, which was a hazelnut tart, and the bombe off the usual dessert menu. The bombe was truly the bombe - definitely recommend it.All in all, a success. Would definitely come back again!
5	Just had drinks here, great happy hour bar. Nice atmosphere, friendly knowledgable bar staff. Looking forward to trying the food.
1	Terrible.  Very disappointed. We started with the Truffle Mac And cheese. It was overcooked.  The cheese plate had cheese I never heard of.  I had the American Clam Bake, again overcooked.  It's a shame this group owns this space because something really cool could be at this location.
4	Great atmosphere...will be fabulous in warmer weather when they can open the big paneled windows around the perimeter. Food was good, two of us shared the cheese plate ($15), mega meatball ($10), and BBQ Chicken Flatbread. Taste was average, flatbread overdone, cheese plate just okay...meatball delicious! Drinks were great...can't wait to go back non pregnant and really explore the drink menu but it looked yummy! Bathrooms clean and spotless for a Friday night. Great great vibe!Comfort level - the big booths along the windows have really strange seats...I felt very far say from the table and had to sit on the edge of my seat which caused the cushion to pop up behind me...just awkward. Tables are stationary so you can't move it closer to you. Overall, I would go back and definitely recommend. Like I said it has a great atmosphere and drinks!
2	I had reservations at 2, when I arrived I was told I could not sit in the dinning room.  So we sat at the bar.  Later we were apologized to for the confusion.Several items came out of the kitchen with no known table.  Service was spotty at best, I have a feeling these folks were pulled from their other locations to work here though.  There were large gaps of time before we would see the server.  Probably would have ordered more drinks if better attention had been paid.Atmosphere was good.  The industrial/reclaimed look works well for the Pittsburgh area.  I am willing to give them another try in a few months, once they have kinks figured out and a dedicated staff.
4	I have to say, I really enjoyed my first visit to Ten Penny. Reserving a table through their website was quick and simple, and even when I had to go back and add another person to the reservation I didn't have any issues.First off, the atmosphere is awesome. The whole restaurant has a very relaxed vibe to it, and I enjoyed the fact that you could see everything outside through the large windows surrounding the room. The only thing I will say is not to go if you need a nap due to the dim lighting, and the seats for the booth tables were so soft you sank into them and felt like a kid at the adult table. The food was fantastic. I got their Stuffed Chicken breast, and a shared order of the mussels. Both of which I thought were perfect. One of my favorite things however were their cocktails. I only tried their Pricky Pear Margarita, but everything on the menu sounded really interesting, so I can't wait to go back.
5	I went there a few months ago for a birthday dinner with friends. It was a weeknight, but luckily we were able to get the private room on somewhat short notice. A bunch of my guests were running late (like an hour late), but the waitress was nice about it and never made me feel rushed. Everyone loved their food and drinks. With twelve people, we got to sample a significant portion of the menu and everyone seemed happy. Same for drinks. Valet parking is a plus, even though I didnt use it.  I was very happy with the way I was attended to and the overall vibe of the place. I will return often.
4	This place was great! Awesome vibe inside and beautifully decorated. There was a lot to choose from on the menu and though many would probably consider it was pricey.... I went into it expecting it to cost more than your average place so I didn't have a problem with it. I wanna go back!!
3	I had a great time at Ten Penny - but I was only there for drinks.  I'm a scotch drinker and they had ALL of my favorites and they weren 't too $$$ either!However, I was the only member of my party not dining that night and the food came out and it looked unremarkable and everyone hated their food.  Another friend of mine said he went there and everyone at his table was served cold steaks.  I dont know, I wasn't there, but this is a new restaurant so I think they are just working the kinks out.But from the food I saw I think I would probably stick to just drinking here.  Its REALLY pretty inside, I love the atmosphere, its like dining in a really swanky Sur La Tab!I'll be back, and maybe in a few months I'll try this place for dinner.  The service was good, and you win me over with scotch every time.Every time.
4	Let's talk about the space first. Gorgeous! They really know how to design a hip and trendy joint. Exposed beams, hanging industrial lights and shelves of spices. Very cool. Definitely very similar to their sister restaurant, Local, but better.We came in on a snowy Sunday, so it wasn't very busy. I note that because we waited quite a bit for the cheese plate we ordered first. That was a bit confusing because you wouldn't think a cheese plate would take long to bring out. Thankfully we didn't wait long for our bloody mary and mimosa, so at least there's that. The bloody mary was perfect. Spicy, made with pepper vodka. So once the cheese plate came out we dove in. I have to say I was a bit disappointed. One, because our server just dropped it off and didn't explain what cheeses were on the board. So we had no clue what we were eating. Two because the cheese selections seemed sub-par. Since I'm not sure what cheeses they were it's hard to say where they came from or what exactly they were. I will note that the biscotti on the plate was very good though!So for the main course I ordered one of my favorite brunch items, eggs benedict. I thought they were very good. The only thing I'd change is the english muffin. It was very thin and I would have liked one that gave a better base to all the other goodness on top. But I thought the bacon, eggs and hollondaise sauce was excellent. But, again, another issue one could find is that it was a small portion. It was enough for me because I wasn't starving, and we had the cheese plate, but I did think it was small. To sum it up, it was up and down. Our server was friendly enough, other than the misstep with the cheese plate (obviously not a huge deal). I would absolutely come back and hope they just keep trying to improve on things to make it a better place!
5	Such a great restaurant! Love the atmosphere, food, and service. Michael is the best waiter and really helped make our ladies dinner extra special. The desserts are served in such a fun way. Highly recommend it!!!
5	Food was amazing!!! I had the crabcake which was moist and came with a delicious red pepper coulis. The blue corn muffins they provided while you waited for your meal was fabulous! The atmosphere was very trendy but had a cool industrial edge to it. The dessert menu looked heavenly, but I was here for lunch so opted out of dessert.  Definitely will be back to try the desserts and their awesome drink menu!
4	I had a chance to stop in at Ten Penny for lunch last Friday. The staff mentioned they have been open for about three months. First off the place is cool looking, large space and a lot of bar seats. High ceilings and the decor is nice. I will be supplying a pic of the beers on tap. Yes, you now know my priorities upon entering a establishment. ;)Anyway I am in the middle of my lent obligations so I felt compelled to go with a fish sandwich. The menu is not a ideal match for fish but it is a well diversified and good mix on the menu. No doubt I will try a different item during my next stop in.The fish was pretty large, side of fries along  with a wonderful side of home made Cole slaw. I was charged a extra $1 for a bun and .50 for cheese.  I have since been informed that cheese on fish is "yucky". Well I beg to differ...I guess some people don't like to try new things. :) Back to the meal, the presentation was great, good portion, and I liked the tarter/ketchup in portion cups. I did have 3 people stop by to see how my lunch was. That was nice an  done at appropriate times.Honestly I spent $20 on lunch and that is too much for my budget. So this won't be a regular stop. I can definitely see myself stopping in for a beer or taking my W to dinner here.
3	After attending a trade show at the nearby convention center, I decided to try dinner here.  The food was very average, nothing special.  Very pricy for a not so great experience.  Extremely loud inside.  I had a Ribeye steak with 2 sides and glass of wine for $57.  In my opinion it wasn't worth it.  I didn't think the meat was prime cut.  Capital Grill down the street would have been a much better choice for about the same money.  Would i eat here again?  Probably not!
3	I had a business lunch with 5 people and there was no problem finding a table.The decor was the usual industrial with old equipment used as tables. Not very original, but well done.  Too bad they did not carry the theme through to the bathrooms. I was expecting a bucket and a steam pipe, but it was a simple bathroom.The burger I had was ginormous and very tasty. Three of us ordered the same thing and we all enjoyed our meals.The waitress was very friendly and attentive.    Will go back, but want to try the other places along Penn before that.
4	Walking in you know you are in for a treat.  The space is beautiful and rustic with an absolutely gorgeous etched in metal sign for the restaurant.  It has a beautiful rustic glow from the different light fixtures and an enormous bar that even when full wasn't too loud for us to be able to hear each other above. Went here last night for dinner with a group of five which started with us having to call and ask if we could push back our reservation by an hour and they assured us it was no problem. There seemed to be a question about where they where going to seat us once we got there, but they where able to make a high top table work. I hope in the future to go back and try one of their comfy looking booths!Service was a bit disjointed. It seemed as though we had to ask a bit for everything (like more water and for a bread basket), but overall food was served at a steady pace and was coursed out as we asked for it to be. The food was delicious! We decided to order a bunch of small plates to share and where very happy with our choices. What we sampled:Seared Gnocchi:  The texture was perfection. Light and airy, yet filling and rustic with the wild mushrooms and watercress. Crispy Brussels Sprouts: Out of this world delicious. The blue cheese was not overpowering even though there where some sizeable chunks throughout.  So good!Roasted Wild Mushroom Flatbread: Good. Out of all of the things we ordered this was the least favorite, but not because it was bad, it was just that everything else was so good!Hot Rocks: We chose three proteins, scallop, tuna, and american kobe(wagyu).  This was very novel and fun for sharing. All of the proteins where delicious and only enhanced by the accompaniments especially the sweet soy which we kept and dunked the other food into because it was so delicious! Truffled Fries: So good we had to order two. Absolutely out of this world! The bacon rosemary aioli was delicious and the truffle flavor was perfect and not overwhelming. We also had a few drinks which everyone was happy with and enjoyed immensely which included the Antioxidant, Rose's Old Fashioned, and the Prickly Pear Margarita!I can't wait to go back and try more of the menu!
4	Have you ever wanted to go out for a really nice night without breaking the bank? Somewhere with a cool vibe, menu, and drink list? Somewhere you can come with your girlfriends, date, or to celebrate a birthday? This place is for you. On a Saturday night around 9pm we walked in to this new and gorgeous industrial looking restaurant. Everything was metal and wood and I loved it. The cool sliding barn door caught my eye immediately as did the etched map of Pittsburgh with the name of the restaurant as a focal piece.There was a little bit of confusion from the get-go. Where to be seated, drinks didn't come out quickly, took a little bit of time to order. All things that happen with a newly opened restaurant, but I promise, it is all worth it. Our waitress was very sweet. She was efficient in all of her deliveries and made sure our courses were brought out in an appropriately timed manor.Instead of all 5 of us ordering entrees, we decided to split a bunch of appetizers and shareables. Seared gnocchi, wild mushroom flatbread, truffle fries, crispy Brussels sprouts, and the hot rocks. The first thing brought out was the hot rocks. For $16 you get 3 different proteins with 3 pieces each, pickled mushrooms, some sort of salsa looking thing, and seaweed salad. The hot rock was huge and actually very smokey, but worth it. Didn't take more than 2 minutes to cook any of the proteins, and it was fun! We chose scallops, tuna, and Kobe beef. All delicious. Especially the scallops! Once that was taken away we were brought the house breadbasket and truffle fries with bacon and rosemary aioli. We went through 2 baskets of each. There were pretzel rolls with sundried tomato butter, need I say more? And the fries. Oh my god the fries. So incredibly amazing. The best fries I've ever had and I'm a fry-aholic. The flatbread was forgettable. Overcooked and really pretty dry. The seared gnocchi were to die for. Perfectly crisp on the outside and creamy and delicious on the inside. Some of the best I've ever had. The Brussels sprouts were also a standout. Sweet Jack Daniels sauce pairs with very crispy sprouts, bacon, and hunks of Gorgonzola. It was heaven. Washed down the a prickly pear margarita was certainly the way to go.Dinner for 5 (who left very full) with 4 cocktails, ended up being $103. Are you kidding? And that was with ordering another basket of amazing fries. This is a great place for any occasion or no occasion at all. Go, now!
1	Went to Ten Penny before a Sunday night show at the Benedum recently.  A few things to note.  For a restaurant in the Cultural District, the waitress did not ask if we had tickets and a time limit.  Other places around the theaters will ask on the weekends, but not here.  I wasn't in the mood for meat, so I ordered the pasta primavera; husband ordered the TP Burger.  We were both very underwhelmed.  The contents on my plate looked like it could've come from a cafeteria.  No frills, just a white plate with some penne haphazardly thrown on.  The "primavera" part of the dish consisted of a few strings of finely shredded carrot and zucchini - it was basically garnish.  There were no chunks of ripe veggies to be had.  Not even a slice of bread on the side.  There was a flavor note in the red pepper sauce that I couldn't put my finger on, but it was the worst red pepper sauce I've ever had.  My husband's burger had an egg on top that was runny and very messy.  He ordered the burger medium and it arrived well done.  So well done it was a hockey puck.  The price of my primavera dish was absolute highway robbery.  A dish that likely cost them a buck to make is going for $18 - for goodness sake they couldn't even be bothered to give the customer an entire carrot!   The overdone, messy burger was $14.  These prices are in line with what other surrounding restaurants charge, but the difference is those restaurants make food that tastes good.  We had hoped for much better from Ten Penny because the reviews were fine, but I'm noticing now that a lot of people are reviewing when they admit to never trying the food.  I cannot understand these reviews unless they're having friends and family write them.  I guess the lesson here is don't' go to Ten Penny if you want to eat.
4	This is a review focusing on the bar area.I like the selection of local and craft beers. There were about 10 local beers out of about 20 craft options. The prices are on the expensive side, but this place is trying to attract modern business professionals. The bar tenders are friendly and acknowledge you as soon as you make eye contact with them.I'd come back for beer and would certainly give the food a shot.
2	This place had been recommended by a friend so we had high hopes. From the start, the experience was subpar.  Seated at a table with our friends it took 30 minutes from the placement of our drink order to get them, and it wasn't terribly busy to excuse the length of our wait.  The drinks were great tasting however the sugar imbalance of most of them doesn't make for a pleasant feeling later. The food was decent, but the selection of cheeses on the cheese board is cheap for the price. Nevertheless, service became even worse during the evening. It took us asking three times for water to be initially provided and twice for bread.  Things that are generally automatic elsewhere.  But it didn't end there, the waiter took a timed amount of 40 minutes to take our credit cards despite multiple gesticulations. He was too busy talking to a couple that wasn't even dining at the place. Sadly, we couldn't even leave ten penny when we wanted to after the valet 'lost' our car and we had to have his supervisor find he car in some other lot a half an hour later. And we still had paid the $10 for the valet because they have you pay in advance (unconventional and probably convenient for the fact that they know they provide terrible service that no respecting customer would pay for). All around, decent drinks, mediocre food, and awful service lead to a generous two stars.
3	I have to say, I don't understand the rave reviews.  I wanted to love this place.  However, I can't get over the insanely bad service.First- the good. I do LOVE the interior. The decor is great.  The drink list- great. That is where the greatness ended. I went with several coworkers for a Thursday evening happy hour. The place was packed. This is usually a good sign!  Our experience at the bar wasn't too bad. It took a while for drinks, but that is to be expected due to the crowd.  The bartender was friendly, once he was able to circle back to us, our drinks were timely and well done. After an hour we moved to a table. By this time, the crowd had thinned. The waitress literally stopped by our table 3 times in two hours (I kept track).  Service is key to any restaurant and it flat out sucks here. We were spending hundreds on drinks, appetizers, and dinner. Oh wait, we never got to actually order dinner because the waitress never checked back in after our appetizers.  By the time we got appetizers they were cold (each flatbread, truffle fries, and others I can't recall). They may have been good, but cold fries aren't pleasant. What a missed opportunity.  I can't stand when places go all out on decor and developing atmosphere/quality menu and skimp on service. I had colleagues there the same night in a separate party. It took 40 minutes for their drinks. 1 hour for appetizers. 1 hour and 5 minutes for dinner.  The timing sounds off to you too?  They won't be back. I may give it another shot. However, FIX YOUR SERVICE!  It has repeatedly been raised in comments. I hope Ten Penny listens. We could use them, it is a great concept.
4	Went to Ten Pen for Fri late lunch. Hesitant to try a new place w such mixed reviews, but glad we did.  Sat at the bar, drinks were great and had really good service from one-L Michele! Had the cheese plate, meatballs and mar pizza.  Everything was good and after talking w MicheLe, certain to go for brunch soon. Hopefully she will wait on us again.  She was super nice and if she is their face of service, I will always come back!
1	The staff were so rude! We walk in at 10:30pm on a Thursday night (they were open until 1am). We just wanted drinks and maybe a couple appetizers. The hostess points to the bar and says we can only sit there. There were no seats together (there were 4 of us) so I asked if we could sit at the table near the bar and a waiter said yes. After 10 minutes of dirty glares from the bartenders, one finally comes over and asks what we wanted. He purposely took at least 10 minutes to get our mixed drinks. Ridiculous. And the appetizers were gross too. Save your money and go next door to Tonic!
4	Get the scallops with Risotto. Phenomenal. A good choice is you're opposite the Westin. Service is quick and friendly.
3	When I learned of Ten Penny's opening, I wanted to check it out and suggested that a lunch there with my co-workers. The interior is tastefully done. Very open, lots of windows, and impressive bar. Lots of wood that screams rustic and comfort. The details to branding are also great. One of my co-workers even leaned over to me and said "coming to this place made me realize I haven't been anywhere nice in Pittsburgh in a really long time". I've read other reviews about the lackluster service. Our server was attentive and knowledgeable about the menu. She came back to check on us in timely intervals. I personally dislike when servers are constantly asking if you need anything. It becomes annoying. Now about the food. I thought it was decent. I had the crab cake with grits entree. I loved the crab cake which had big lumps of crab and the roasted red pepper sauce layered with a surprising spicy kick. I found the grits to be boring and a bit to chunky for my tastes. My co-worker decided on the chicken curry entree. The server promised that he'd love it. When asked what region the curry was from, she said "Pittsburgh". This was an honest answer because we both could barely taste the curry. He did say the black forbidden rice with the broth and bok choy went well together.
3	This rating is based on my ability to eat eggs benedict on sundays. If you want the eggs bene, this is a pretty good spot. I may revise my rating but for now I give it 4 stars for eggs benedict and minus one star for not having espresso. Honestly, how can you not have espresso and serve brunch?
3	A-OK restaurant.  I would go again if invited.Went there for dinner with a friend the other night. I approached this with some skepticism given the very poor reviews that I have read in yelp for this establishment, but I was a guest so I didn't say anything.Tenpenny is located across the street from the Westin convention center hotel and has convenient valet parking in front of the building.  We went in and I noticed as we walked through the bar area that it's a very cool space--definitely five stars--and there was a really large after-work crowd enjoying drinks there. I would definitely give it high marks as a place to meet after work for happy hour, or meet up with a friend, or to go on a date, or maybe even to find a date. There did seem to be a little bit of a meat market action going on.We were seated at a booth toward the back of the bar-I think it would be a little loud if you were closer to the bar area-and reviewed the menu.  Good, solid bar menu with some interesting items on it. I got the Arctic char on a bed of lentils.  Solid A-ok (3 stars)Waitress was excellent. I think my favorite touch was that she had already taken care of my guests parking validation without even having to be asked. He pulled it out she said "I already took care of it" I just like that touch. She's very friendly and really knew the menu and was on top of our order the whole time. So important. I read the other reviews and the complaints about the service and I think that's really unfortunate. I hope this means the management got the message and took care of things. My view of things was the people were pretty on the spot with everything.My one beef was that I asked for nonalcoholic beer and they didn't have one. I think every bar should have nonalcoholic beer as an option. Some of us don't drink alcohol but we still enjoy the taste of beer.  The waitress admitted that she's had several others ask for nonalcoholic beer and had to give the same reply. I ended up drinking soda water all evening which probably is free--Therefore they lost additional money that they could've made if they weren't so snotty about it. (2 stars)
4	I went to Ten Penny for brunch on a Saturday not long after they had opened and was extremely happy with everything. The atmosphere, as others have commented, is fantastic. Two of us had a daily special of carrot-cake pancakes, which were fantastic. Light and sweet, not dense and comatose-sugary. I can't remember what else we ordered, something in the Ruben family and something in the eggs and bacon family. In any case, the food was great and the service was great. We really didn't have any complaints. I was a little pricey - I think we paid $60-75 for four breakfasts? We had coffee and juice but no alcohol. We all felt it was worth it for such a great experience, though.
4	On the corner of Tenth and Penn sits one of Pittsburgh's new trendy restaurants - fully equipped with great cocktails, good food and friendly service. Came here for drinks and appetizers before a concert on a Saturday night - the place was busy - but it was just the right amount of crowded that we were looking for. Very unique atmosphere - open - lots of windows. They make lots of things visible - from their wine cellar, to some pantry items are normally tucked away in the kitchen. Great big open bar in the center and in the back they have gray couch type booths for big groups. They also have a private area with a long dining room style table that I would imagine you could rent out for a party - and of course dinner and high-top bar tables all around, made with beautiful dark wood - butcher block style. It's really a fantastic space. Fun drinks - but I would not suggest the pickle cocktail - I thought I was just drinking pickle juice - all the other cocktails around the table were delicious though! We got a super fun appetizer. It was called 'Hot Rocks'. They bring you out a really, really, really hot stone for you to cook a selection of proteins that you choose. We got three - tuna, kobe beef, and scallops - they also had shrimp, tofu and portobello mushrooms. They serve you the raw proteins, and you use soy sauce to cook them up on the stone - all they need is a quick sear and you have a delicious, fun, interactive appetizer. Comes with garnishes of mushrooms, seaweed salad and pickled veggies. Definitely something I would get next time I'm in - and I would want to try them all. You pay 6, 16 or 30 dollars - depending on how much cooking you want to do :-) We also ordered a beet salad with watercress, goat cheese, and an absolutely divine vinaigrette - it was fantastic. We were sharing it and the kitchen split it for us - this is always a bonus in my book - especially when they don't nab you with the dreaded split plate fee. I would love to try dinner here and their brunch menu looks awesome - can't wait to go back.
1	I had lunch here with a friend & definitely won't be back. My friend ordered the "caesar salad" which was literally 1 wedge of lettuce about as big as her fist with some dressing on it and 1 piece of cold bacon on the side. This should not even count as an appetizer, let alone a meal item. I didn't look at the price, but I'd assume it was on the same page with the rest of the salads, which were about $10 - $14. She had to go somewhere else to pick up something else to eat after we left.I ordered a chopped salad, which was about as good as a gas station salad. I may have even had a better salad from a convenience store/gas station before. The salad was mostly crappy iceberg lettuce with some peas, tiny pieces of unripe tomatoes, onions, cucumbers, with about an eighth of a teaspoon of crumbled bacon & 4 fried onion pieces. It was supposed to have a garlic vinaigrette on it, but I tasted no dressing on it whatsoever. The "grilled turkey" in it was about a tablespoon or 2 of tiny, tiny turkey cubes. And this salad was $12. This place is a rip off, and just not good.
3	Totally cool place.  Got the whole black metal and dark wood theme going on.  Hip barkeeps, good looking waitresses, hot front desk girls, look to get inside and watch people who want to be seen at this place. Food is secondary to the social scene.  None of us had anything poor but none of us had anything outstanding.
5	When my family and I journeyed downtown for our annual Celtic Woman concert, we decided to try Ten Penny.  My wife and I started off with the Truffled Mac and Cheese.  She looked up and me only long enough to say, "It's amazing."  I just nodded agreement and got back to work on mine.I ordered the mussels, and she got the seared scallops with butternut squash risotto.  My parents-in-law also got the scallops.  They all loved them.  The mussels were fresh, the broth delicious, and there was even some delightful sausage in there with them.  They're listed under "sharables," but I wanted them all for myself, and it was the perfect portion.Everyone got different desserts.  I will say that the ice cream sampler was a bit on the too-small side, but the chocolate chip / peanut cookie fresh-out-of-the-oven was wonderful.  I tried the chocolate hazelnut cake, and it was very nice, too.Our server, Bart, was very attentive and polite.  He stopped long enough to take a family photo of us when asked, and always kept our drinks full.  "Another Stella?  Right away, sir."  He was also very helpful in pointing out some of his favorite menu items, but he also sang the praises of the other items when we went off his beaten path.All in all, the experience was excellent, and I'm dreaming of that mac and cheese, and also of those mussels.  Bravo!
5	Excellent food and dining with friendly and courteous staff. A very modern and unique atmosphere that feels open and visually appealing. A trendy facility located in the heart of the city with a fantastic menu.
4	Just enjoying drinks but food looks good! Sevice was friendly at bar and atmosphere is very modern and clean
4	My fiance & I have dined here once for dinner.  I enjoyed their hot rocks meal. . . do NOT do the tofu as its not really good & has zero flavor but the rest was delicious. My fiance got the jambalaya seafood bowl which was good but for $30 not worth the price. We've gone for their brunch which is EXCELLENT.  Brunch here is completely worth it. I think the biggest deal here is their drink menu & desserts. I am crazy over their s 'mores martini as they're liquid epic.... best paired with their legit s' mores dessert which is an actual fire with a Hersey bar, graham crackers,  & 3 different marshmallows. We'll definitely give this place another go for dinner but brunch, desserts, & martinis are really worth the time to try out... you're welcome in advance. :)
4	Holy cow!!  Ten Penny came highly recommended by a non-local.  Ordered the Ten P Burger and was too hungry and impressed for a picture.  I ate at Primanti Bros. earlier this week and would HIGHLY suggest coming here instead.  The burger was cooked perfectly, I asked for medium, and the fried egg on top was perfect.  Everyone in our group was pleased and would definitely recommend it to anyone who visits.
5	I absolutely love this place!Their burgers are to die for, and the seafood entrees are delicious. Service has always been superb for me. They also have very sexy booths so you can be romantic with your honey ;)
1	I will not be returning to this place.  My friends and I all work downtown and we stopped at Ten Penny on a Friday night before a Pirates game for happy hour.  When we arrived, there were three hostesses standing at the podium looking confused.  There were several open tables, and we asked to be seated at one near the window.  We were asked if we had a reservation, to which we replied "no".  The hostess then said "nevermind" and told us she needed to clean the table.  We stood there for another 5 minutes with no clean table.  Then, another staff member came over and asked what was going on, saw us standing there waiting, and proceeded to clean the table.  We still waited, even after the table was clean.  We finally got fed up and left, and so did another couple who came in behind our group.  Looks like a cool place, but I will not be back due to the HORRIBLE service.  I will tell my other friends and coworkers not to waste their time.
5	Well I was in town for business for 3 nights and ate here twice for dinner and once for lunch with a different group each time. Every person, and me 3 times of course, thought the food was outstanding. Ten P burger is delicious. Had the stuffed chicken for dinner. Others in my groups had the pork chop and arctic char. Great reviews all around. Good IPA on tap. Very reasonable prices and servers are attentive. Definitely a recommendation for locals and convention goers and travelers alike.
4	I stopped by here this past Friday evening with my fiance before heading to a show.  Whenever I got there the place was pretty packed and it would become even more full during the time that we were there.  Thankfully my fiance works downtown and so she already had a table for us whenever I arrived.  It ended up being quite a nice table as we were facing out to Penn Avenue and the outside windows/doors were open giving us a nice breeze.  Other than that the restaurant looked pretty modern with almost all of the tables being hi-top tables with some of the tables looking like that were recycled and re-purposed.  There was also some cool art near the exposed beams of the ceiling as they have a wood planks up towards the ceiling with a number of bottles on top running the length of the restaurant.Since it was still happy hour whenever my fiance and I arrived, we decided to start off our meals by getting some drinks.  They have a pretty decent selection of beers, most of them being $5 during happy hour, so I went with the Elysian Jasmine IPA while my fiance went with the Fat Head's Bumbleberry.  For our meals we decided to start of the evening by splitting the Crispy Brussels Sprouts appetizer.  It consisted of the fried Brussels sprouts topped with a Jack Daniels' balsamic glaze, candied bacon and blue cheese.  I really enjoyed it as the crispy Brussels sprouts were good on their own but when combined with the sweet glaze, sweet and salty candied bacon and pungent blue cheese, they ended up being really good.  The only thing that I would possibly change with them would be to have the glaze on the side as I think that the glaze made some of the Brussels sprouts soggy and so why even make them crispy in the first place?  Then for my entree I went with the Ten P. Burger which is their signature burger while my fiance went with the seared sea scallops which she enjoyed.  I ordered the burger medium and besides the patty it had on it a fried egg, watercress, red onion jam, cheddar, bacon and pickled vegetables and came with a side of french fries.  The burger itself ended up being pretty good with some nice flavors, especially the red onion jam, and although I missed any taste of pickled vegetables, I could see them on it.  My only problem with the burger is one of my biggest pet peeves with burgers and that was that they didn't toast the bun.  Seriously, if you are serving a gourmet burger with a ton of toppings, TOAST THE BUN.  I want my bun to hold all of the ingredients they are heaping on it and not be a soggy mess that is falling apart whenever I bite into it like this one was.  Apart from the burger, the french fries that came with it were some of the better french fries that I have had recently, crispy and seasoned nicely.The bottom line for me is that I would head back here again in the future.  Since I did not look at the menu before coming here, I was a little surprised with the prices.  However the quality and taste of the food more than backed it up.  I really did enjoy the flavors that they had in the food and would be interested in trying some more menu items in the future.
2	This is a 2 part review that focuses mostly on service; as I have not dined there, but have on several occasions had business groups stop in for drinks.The decor is cool, and due to its proximity to the office, convenient. Beer list is decent. Not a wine connoisseur, but seems fine. Scotch collection is adequate.Service has been TERRIBLE on 2 occasions.1. Had a large corporate group at the bar. Waitress serving tables at the bar was extremely annoyed and outright rude to us as it was implied that we were in her way repeatedly. Poor bar design is not the customers fault. The area is narrow and not suited to have easy access by servers. Also, the rest of the more accessible tables in the restaurant were empty, as it was barely 5:30. Manager came over to ask us to move later, and was also extremely rude and could use a lesson in customer service. A simple, "Here group of 10 enjoying drinks at our bar, we want to make room for you over here", would have done nicely.2. A week later, another group of mine go to enjoy appetizers and drinks before dinner. We order the Paul Hobs 2007 Pinot Noir, they arrive and open a 2012. Upon realizing the error, we politely ask why the wrong wine was given, and also ask to just have the price of the 2012 vintage reflected on the bill. 1st response was, "the bar manager said they are the same price". When we ask to see the manager, we are promptly ignored on the issue for the rest of our visit.Suffice to say, inadequate service for a place which had great potential. Keep it up and you'll be closed before you can pay for the fancy decor and renovations.
3	Okay so the positives... 1) good wine selection, 2) awesome location for Furry watching when the convention arrives, 3) beautiful interior and exterior.    I loved the open windows and the brick and beams.  Now the negatives.... 1) food wasn't worth the price (from a taste perspective), 2) didn't love the menu selection and 3) my personal pet peeve....the happy hour specials are only in the bar.    Given my experience at the restaurant kicked off with negative #3, I was biased from the get-go.   I asked our waitress if there were any drink specials and she said no, not tonight.   My boyfriend had done some research before making our reservation and said the website advertised $5 wine and beer and we checked it out on our phones and yep they do.  So we brought it up to the waitress when she returned with our food and that's when we were told, well that's only in the bar!  Guess what, if you had told us that when we had asked the first time, I would have moved to the bar and eaten dinner there.  If that's your policy, I dislike it but at least own it and advertise it!! I'll give this place another shot but only from the bar area which means I'll likely order less food (which is why I don't get bar only happy hour policy to begin with).
1	This place was awful.  I came here for a reception of an out of town wedding. While sitting at the bar, another table was upset that our party was making noise.  They complained to the management until they had no choice but to ask us to move.  This happened at 7pm on a Saturday evening.  I would never return to this bar again.
4	Phenomenal space. This was a fabulous venue for hanging out at the bar with friends. Did not sample the food this time around though.
1	This was supposed to be a very special dinner as it was my husband's birthday and we had plans to see the DVE comedy tour following dinner along with drinks after.  Unfortunately our dinner at Ten Penny made the rest of the evening very uncomfortable for my husband and very upsetting for me.  I will start with a positive.  We had reservations at 5:30 on a Friday, and for some reason hit like the worst traffic driving into town.  I was getting nervous about being late so I called to see if we could bump up our time 15 minutes.  The lady checked and said yes provided we left by 8:30 because that table was reserved by another party then.  That was no problem and she accommodated my request.When we arrived we were seated at a semi-circle booth type table along the wall.  I liked the view and the openness of the restaurant.  I ordered a Sangria.  It was ok, sort of weak on the alcohol part.  For my next drink I ordered a Rapture Helltown IPA, which I was told 5 minutes later they just ran out, so I had to pick something else...   Since this was my husband's birthday I was encouraging him to eat whatever he wanted as I was treating and since neither of us had eaten that day I knew he was hungry.  He decided on a BBQ Chicken Flatbread for an appetizer were I had the mussels.  I enjoyed my mussels minus one thing.  They only came with one piece of bread.  I LOVE mussels, but the broth is right up there with what makes them awesome so one piece was inadequate.  I requested more bread, and the waitress asked if I wanted the "bread basket"?  Sure... Ok this part stinks.  The bread in this basket was not suitable what-so-ever for sopping up mussel broth.  There were two muffins, I believe blueberry and raspberry, a dinner roll, and some old twisty roll.  This bread clearly was not the like the crusty bread I had a mere piece of originally.  Ok that was disappointing as I left almost all the broth in the bowl.  I noticed my husband eating his flatbread fast at first and very slow at the end.  Really unusual.  Onto the main course.  I ordered the seared duck breast, that came with Jasmine Rice, a ginger root puree, with baby bok choy, and a saba glaze prepared medium rare.  My husband ordered the traditional burger, just lettuce and tomato medium cooked.  My thoughts on the duck were mixed.  The duck, though cooked properly lacked seasoning and the worst part was they didn't render down the thick fat surrounding the meat which is unappealing and inedible.  This is cooking 101, render fat down.  The rice was overdone and gummy, but I did like the bok choy with the glaze.  I looked at my husband who was eating his burger slower than a vegetarian with a gun to their head.  "What's wrong?"  I ask. He starts to say he isn't feeling real good all of a sudden, stating he thinks he has heartburn... Not a good sign.So we finished up and paid.  I spent well over 10,000 pennies on this Ten Penny meal...Pretty pricey meal.  We headed on down to catch the show.  Here is why I wouldn't give Ten Penny a second chance.  Only 15 minutes into the show, my husband is in visible pain.  Grasping his gut he bolts out of the theater and missed most of the second comedian's act leaving me sitting alone watching the event I also spent well over 10,000 Pennies on for his birthday present.  He returns 20 minutes later to tell me how he just tossed his entire dinner and felt awful.  He said it started at the flatbread, as he noticed it wasn't really cooked all the way (doughy) but ate it anyway.  He said as soon as he finished he started to begin to feel sick.  He felt really awful the rest of the night and just as a reminder this was HIS BIRTHDAY!!!  I am not a happy camper that I take him here for his birthday, spend a decent amount of dough, only for him to get sick maybe poisoned and miss some of the show we went to and feel awful the rest of the night.  I would like to go two stars since the service was adequate, accommodating, and friendly but I think most can understand why I just can't.
2	Arrived before the reservation time and we were seated immediately. Server came over quickly and our drink order was entered and arrived in short order. We placed our dinner order, each ordering a ribeye steak, with different degrees of doneness. So far, no complaints whatsoever. But then the meals were served and things went from good to not so good. The steaks came first, naked on a plate with only a demi-glace sauce giving some cover. It was totally unrecognizable as a ribeye, being less than 1/2" thick, and looked more like a piece of roadkill. Because of the thinness of the cut, temperature was non-existent. Also, there was no salt or pepper at all on the steak as served.The sides arrived shortly after the steaks on a separate plate and the server had to use a hot pad to carry them. Unfortunately, only the plate was hot and not the potatoes (I'll admit I didn't even try the brussels sprouts). The potatoes seemed to have been scooped into the dish straight from the refrigerator and what ever was used to heat the plate failed to heat the potatoes. The bacon in the potatoes was absolutely cold.In all, the meal was less than mediocre. It was not worth anything near the $32 charged. I've had better steak and potatoes at Golden Corral. It was especially disappointing as some of the other meals that passed by the table actually looked quite good. I have nothing bad to say about the service.
3	Nice place. Pretty good food. Friendly staff. plenty of seating at the bar or in the dining room. There were eight of us that just sat at the bar and we all had various items for dinner. I heard no complaints what so ever. The outer wall all open to the outside, so there is kind of an in-door/out-door feel to the place. Decent drink selection too!
5	Get Dorian as your guy.  He has got the skill to make you think have fun and make a difference. He makes dining fun.  Make sure you ask for the BIG D.  Dorian.  Dorian.  Say hey   Kimberly will get you straight.  She makes everything fun.  What a nice evening.
4	Cool place right in the middle of a busy area. Food was great but nothing really inventive. Great for lunch, not too sure about dinner.
4	I made a mistake in my original review of this restaurant and I apologize.  I mistook the Ten Penny for another place in a completely different neighborhood.  Mea culpa!We stopped in her the night that my daughter went to prom and had dinner.  While the place is loud, the food is really good.  Our server did a wonderful job in taking care of us and I would definitely go back.  The only drawback is how live the space is.
5	Great atmosphere and the food is awesome!!!  They make a great mojito and flatbread pizza.  They have wide doors that open to the outside that make you feel like you are sitting outside. I will definitely return to this place.
2	Food-good. Atmosphere-fun. Service-Awful! A restaurant should not rely solely on location to bring in the customers. Service goes a long way in bringing customers back. We won't be. And we really did have high hopes for it!!
2	Very disappointing. Overpriced, bad service and mediocre food.This place is your classic convention center rip off. if you are stuck across the street at the hotel it would make sense to eat here. Other than that... there is no reason for a local Pittsburgher to even pay dahntahn parking when there are so many better restaurant options throughout the city.
5	This was our first time at Ten Penny. We liked the rustic atmosphere and decor of TP.  We made reservations for 5 because we were going to see CATS at the Benedum at 8.  We arrived at 4:45 and were surprised to see the restaurant empty except for 3 guys at the bar. We were told the restaurant didn't start serving dinner until 5, so we had a drunk at the bar. The hostess came and got us promptly at 5.  We were seated at a both with super comfy couches which was by the window looking out onto 10th Street. Our waiter didn't have much of a personality but he was efficient. As an appetizer, we ordered the Margherita flatbread, which was delicious. I ordered the seared sea scallops with butternut squash risotto and my husband ordered the stuffed chicken breast. The dinners arrived in a reasonable time. My scallops were perfect and the risotto was to die for. However, they gave me a ton of risotto. I would have preferred to have less risotto along with some sort of vegetable like asparagus, but it was overall a yummy meal. My husband loved his chicken and ended up finishing my risotto. Our waiter did come back and check on is several times despite taking on more tables.  For dessert we shared the peanut butter cookie. It was made & served in a mini cast iron skillet and topped with our choice of ice cream. We chose vanilla. The cookie was warm and moist...delicious! Our overall experience was wonderful. Great food, service, and atmosphere. Would definitely go again!  Highly recommend to anyone who wants a good dinner before a show in the cultural district.
2	We went there on a Sat night at 6:15 and it was half empty and I now understand why. The food was average. The Brussel sprouts that everyone raves about were burnt with little or no bacon or sauce. Because the service was so slow we did not have time to send them back. We were seated at 6:00 for a 6:15 reservation. We ordered our drinks and food as when the server appeared. However at about 7:20 we had to ask for our entrees. We barely made it to an 8:00 show on time. Even getting the check took a very long time.  Overall, average food at a high price with very poor service.
4	I have to say the first time I went here I was no impressed with food or service.  However, it was the first two months it was open and they had a lot of kinks to work out.  I have gone here three times now and it keeps improving,  I had an amazing dinner at Ten Penny during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week and this was going to be the last time going here if I got bad service and food again.  I am hooked now and love this place,  I am so glad I gave this place three chances and it is definitely one of my favorite places to eat in Pittsburgh!!!!!  However, service was still some what slow but worth the wait for the great cherry marinated stuffer pork loin!!!
2	OVERVIEW:  The service was incredibly slow (3 hours for 3 courses) and poor, the food was overpriced for the quality and it was overly noisy.  DETAILS: Despite a reservation we were seated in the bar area which was so noisy we couldn't hear one another.  It seemed a bit quieter in the dining area.  There is a lively bar scene and the cocktails are good.  Our waiter took forever in bringing each course (an hour between appetizer and entree; 30 min to bring our drinks) and frequently forgot what we had ordered and had to come ask us again.  Our food was ok, but the flavors were generally unoriginal and somewhat bland.
5	(A Monday Afternoon) Very nice place. Friendly staff. Doors and windows open. Good overall beer selection which includes some local options. I personally like the design and the laid back atmosphere.
3	I have been here twice since. Sitting at the bar, I had great service. Sitting in the dining room has been horrible. 20 minutes to take a dinner order after delivering drinks?! I am all about taking my time with dinner, but 29 minutes after all menus have been placed neatly at the end if the table is not ok. This was a Wednesday evening and only about 1/2 tables full. The food has been good in my experience- excellent scallops, great truffle fries, amazing calamari. However, table-side service is horrible. Again-sit at the bar! Those guys were great.
5	Had a great time here, the food was great and the drinks are even more amazing. We had Drew as a bartender and he was just the best! Definitely recommend this place!
2	This restaurant has a beginning, a middle, and and end. Beginning: hostess could care less that we came there to eat. The waitress was nice, and we only had to wait about 5-10 mins for her to get us water. Middle: we ordered a salad to start, which took 30 minutes to get to the table. Our entree took an hour, and during that hour we only saw our waitress once. However, there was a man in a suit with a clownish smile walking about the restaurant like a mouse in a maze holding his arm at a ninety degree angle as if there were a napkin hanging from it ready to sweep up some table crumbs. We assumed he was the manager, but we couldn't be sure because he didn't approach a table the entire time we were there. End: the food was mediocre and over priced. We left with hungry bellies and light wallets. The atmosphere was really cool, but we won't be back.
5	We went to Ten Penny for a bachelorette party and I really enjoyed the decor and quite atmosphere. Very antique industrial meets modern feel to it all so it was nice to look around while we were there. Our server was a little busy but he tired hard to be attentive for our group. We got the calamari which had a sweet, honey like sauce we all loved but the portion size for the appetizer was really small. We also got a flat bread which was decent sized and tasted very fresh with basil, tomatoes, garlic and good olive oil all over it. I got the pork chop entree with asparagus and whipped potatoes and I was really glad I got it. It was one of the larger meals our server said and we girls were all starving. Everyone else got meals that were more expensive but had less on them and that was due to being seafood or filet. Overall I had enough food to fill me up and I didn't have to have a salad or dessert to do that. Will definitely be taking my husband to this restaurant since the decorating and culinary styles are right up our alley.
2	Did brunch here a few weeks ago. It was fair. The service was worse than the food and that's a shame. We made reservations and when we checked in, the hostess had to "see if our table was ready." Um, pretty sure it was since there were only about 5 tables seated at that point. Waited for coffee that never came and portions were weak. This is brunch, folks! Sat in a booth that I feel like was seeing it's last day on the sofa-like seat. Best thing about this place? I guess the atmosphere was okay.
3	Went there for lunch today. Unfortunately we all froze because they had all of the windows open in the restaurant. It was actually warmer outside than it was indoors.Had to curry chicken for lunch. It was more like chicken and rice. Couldn't even taste the curry. No less there was hardly any color to the dish.The Decour is absolutely awesome.
3	Great atmosphere but not impressed with food or staff. Duck was extremely salty and rice tasted like it was out of a microwave. Not worth the money and recommend Sonoma Grill a few hundred feet away
2	It is a great location & the place looks nice, but I was extremely underwhelmed. It is a shame. It took time for someone to seat me & serve me. The food was just ok at best. I had the giant meatball and truffled fries. They were just ok. If you want good meatballs, go down the street. Not impressed.
3	Went for a late lunch/ happy hour, I got the steak and fries which was decent, but overpriced. Very good selections of wine and a decent selection of beer. However, throughout my stay I had three different servers that rarely checked in on my table. Overall, the vibe and decor make it a cool happy hour spot, but the service is subpar, and in my opinion the food is overpriced.
2	It's a shame to waste such an awesome atmosphere and location.  The service was rough, starting at the hostess stand.  I get it.  You're important because you're wearing ironic, black, thick-framed glasses and we can't get a menu unless your will be done.  How about a slight smile and a "Happy Anniversary," I know you can read the reservation screen.  The wait staff was flying around, but not accomplishing much of anything.  My glass sat empty longer than it contained a tasty brew.  The food seemed prepackaged, I imagined the calamari being dumped out of a large plastic bag and into the deep fryer.  The Lamb Shank came out fast... too fast... as if it was waiting, let's say, under a heat lamp.  The Brussel Sprouts were OK, but there are much better in Pittsburgh.  Bright side was the beer list, they did have some great beers and plenty of seasonals available.  Maybe someday the food and service will catch up to the atmosphere and, more importantly, the bill.
2	With the same company that owns local, steel cactus, diesel etc I should have known the service was going to be terrible. Our waiter appeared to be on drugs. Zero knowledge of any happy hour specials that resulted in us to grab a bar tender for information. There was 8 of us, so as a "larger party" I can understand some difficulty in regards to splitting checks. However, he decided to assign us all a seat number by counting out loud and pointing---I was ready for a game of duck duck goose to follow. The incoherency continued well into the evening. Overall the food was decent. Overpriced for appetizers but the decor and atmosphere was a plus. Bathrooms were clean which is always good in my book. For a downtown location the service should have been far better. Wouldn't run back there in a hurry.
3	Continuing the trend, horrible table service. The food is not the issue here. I was there right at 5 and I was seated without a menu. The hostess said that she hadn't gotten them out yet. It feels almost like you are an inconvenience to the staff (the exception is the bar staff, they've always treated me well).  Is it really that difficult to find people who aren't rude and care about their jobs?
3	Me and my family came down from New York.  Thought we would have a better chance at finding some place decent in Down town PA the in Elwood City when we arrived went to this place because for some reason people think this place was Cheap giving it a $$ rating for cheap if your looking for a cheap decent place to go this is not the place and they don't have much of a verity to choose from.  I just ended up getting the mega meatball wasn't amazing the sauce for it was very good. The best thing to eat here are there regular French fries I would only recommend this place for appetizers.  And the service was really good it's a nice atmosphere just need to change the menu a little bit and come down in the prices.
3	There had to have been a full moon the other night when I dined at Ten Penny, because things were just weird. I've dined here a number of times, including brunch, lunch and dinner. I've had pretty good experiences so far, so when me and my date were looking for a dinner option on a recent Saturday night, I suggested having dinner here. We had no issue getting a reservation around 7:45 and we were quickly seated in the rear of the restaurant. I love the ambiance of this place - it's sexy and very rustic. What I hate is that they take it all the way down to the tables. For example. the table we sat at was formerly a drafting table. So, to my (knees) surprise, they were literally up against a large wheel under the table - ouch! I can look beyond this, but definitely not a great choice for a table. Things got interesting when the waiter came by. If all my previous experiences here are good, the reason why they haven't been great is because of the wait staff. I've found they either provide too much attention or the extreme opposite. On this particular night, I found him to be extremely attentive, but in an annoying, you need to calm down kind of way. We wanted to order a bottle of wine, something in the $30-40 range. When I ordered the bottle, the waiter seemed confused and directed me to another page in the menu where wine prices seemed more than double that cost. Confused, I asked, "Didn't I just order a bottle?" It was awkward. I couldn't figure out if he was trying to upsell me, confuse me, or what not.  We ordered the salmon and cioppino dish - both seafood. For an appetizer, we order the shrimp and grits. I enjoyed the appetizer, although my date was looking for a more traditional serving a grits (here, it is a fried grit patty). Our entrees came relatively quickly and were delivered by our server and a busser. The busser standing closest to me held the salmon, the waiter held the cioppino. Here's where it got really wacky. I counted the waiter directing the busser to place the salmon in front of my date almost four times before he ended up just dropping the plate on the table. Perhaps the guy was nervous or had a bout of the shakes, but it was awkward. I wanted to just grab the plates out of their hands. My guests would have been fine scrapping the food off the table and eating it, but I was not having that, so we sent the meal back to the kitchen. The waiter then proceeded to take the cover off the cioppino. I refused to eat the meal until my date's meal was back at the table (which was the right thing to do). Waiter was apologetic and noted that he'd bring some food out to us while we waited. We received bread - some moist mini muffins and two awfully dry pretzel buns with a pumpkin butter - leftovers from brunch perhaps? I shouldn't have eaten those bland calories, but I was hungry and was quickly getting buzzed off the overpriced bottle of wine. Our meals finally returned and we got to work. Neither my guest or I really loved our meals, both noting they lacked a bit of flavor and uniqueness, although the preparation on the plate was clean and nice. Listen, I've been a waiter and even spilled soup on someone's foot. Things happen and I get that, but I noted above how service always seems to be questionable here. Would I return? Yep, but I'd strongly suggest the management staff try to instill some consistency and standards within its wait staff. This place has a lot going for it and I do want to see it continue to succeed.
3	Great space but felt a little crowded... I could hear the conversation next to me very clearly. Great service and food but I don't think it's worth the money, it was good but not that good. And the drinks were pretty weak and slightly expensive also.
1	Bad experience: We went to Ten Penny tonight for a nice dinner. It was about 9:30 and it wasn't too busy. The hostess was very accommodating and cleared a booth for us to sit. However, not a single server, including the manager, stopped to greet us or even ask if we wanted a water.  What made matters worse was that the manager walked by us 3 times and never stopped. On the 4th, I think he realized that no one had been over and continued walking on to find a server. After more than 10 minutes without as much as a greeting, we decided to leave. Poor service and poor management skills. I've been in the restaurant industry for a long time and there's no reason why the manager can't step up and greet the table. Set an example for your servers and staff who are busy...let them know that you, as the manager, have their back if they are busy. Do not walk by the table (who does not even have a water) multiple times and keep walking as if you're above that. It is a shame because my girlfriend and I love that place, but are now not interested in going back.
4	We stopped in before the game on a Sunday night. Not too crowded. Nice atmosphere. We sat at a high table and I was surprised that the stool were actually comfortable. The appetizer and share plates looked more interesting than the entrees, so three of us went that route. The son who went with the burger was disappointed, he said it was just ok. My husband had the shrimp and grits.   Small portion but we thought it was tasty. We also shared the crispy brussel sprouts. YUM. And the cheese plate was very delicious even though I felt the slices too small. I would still get it again but would say it was the only thing I felt was overpriced. The other son got the meatball. It was delicious. Good for a light meal leaving room for dessert later. As for service, it was a little quirky. First we had a trainee then she left us to another waitress. Their check ups sort of lapsed after we were served our food. The servers who brought and cleared were timely and courteous. The hostess however, needs some sensitivity training. As we prepared to go, my son got to the door ahead of us. Noticing his peculiar movements, she blurts out," is something wrong with you?!"  Idiot.
5	Server Jason fantastic...Excellent service, quite impressive how often servers stop by table just to check when they are totally swamped.  Food is good,  drinks strong, service great.  Highly recommend.
4	Stopped here for a few drinks with the girls after dinner.  The bartender was super nice and attentive.  The atmosphere was great.  It was tough to find parking on a Saturday night - although they do have valet for $10.  However, I was happy to see that downtown Pgh was busy, so I didn't mind.
5	So obsessed with this place, I can't wait to go back. The decor and atmosphere is fun, trendy and inspiring. It's the perfect mix of rustic and artsy- there's so much to look at, but not distracting from the overall feel. I was here on a business lunch, so the visit was quick. I got a margarita flatbread and devoured it within seconds it was so good. Probably the best flatbread I ever had and I'd recommend it to anyone who is looking for something easy (and not messy) to eat and not too filling. Service was quick and friendly. They gave little chocolate coins at the end, which I thought was a special and unique touch. Definitely can't wait to go back as soon as possible.
4	We stopped in before the game on a Sunday night. Not too crowded. Nice atmosphere. We sat at a high table and I was surprised that the stools were actually comfortable. The appetizer and share plates looked more interesting than the entrees, so three of us went that route. The son who went with the burger was disappointed, he said it was just ok. My husband had the shrimp and grits.   Small portion but we thought it was tasty. We also shared the crispy brussel sprouts. YUM. And the cheese plate was very delicious even though I felt the slices too small. I would still get it again but would say it was the only thing I felt was overpriced. The other son got the meatball. It was delicious. Good for a light meal leaving room for dessert later.   As for service, it was a little quirky. First we had a trainee then she left us to another waitress. Their check ups sort of lapsed after we were served our food. The servers who brought and cleared were timely and courteous. The hostess however, needs some sensitivity training. As we prepared to go, my son got to the door ahead of us. Noticing his peculiar movements, she blurts out," Is something wrong with you?!"  Idiot.
3	We went for the brunch on a Saturday. Overall, this place has great decor and average food (at least for brunch). It caters to a trendier restaurant-goer at an average price. I would go again if joining a group but wouldn't go out of my way for it. Ambience:Modern and open. Loved the location and decor. Definitely what I would expect for a downtown restaurant. I would suggest this place for small groups on an evening or at lunch. Food:I can't really comment on lunch or dinner since we went for a weekend brunch. The food was average- interesting options but under executed. We started with the Margherita Flatbread which was under seasoned and overly greasy. Being adventurous, I tried the Carrot Cake Pancakes. I'll give them an A for effort but D for flavor. The pancakes were thick and moist like I prefer them but the flavor profile was off. The pancakes were surprisingly not very sweet but the carrots were overpowering and rum-pineapple syrup a bizarre addition. A little cinnamon mixed in with the pancake batter and a different syrup altogether might have salvaged the dish.
5	Cutest place for any meal! Came here for brunch this morning- there was no wait and it was delicious! Obsessed with the urban chic design of this restaurant! Definitely recommend this to anyone visiting downtown Pittsburgh :)
3	I enjoyed the atmosphere immediately upon arrival.  It was a short wait to be seated, as we had reservations. The server was promt and friendly. We ordered the meatball appetizer. I order the Filet and my husband ordered the Lemon Sage Tuna. The appetizer came out almost immediately and that made the wait for entrees seem longer. My steak arrived medium well rather than the medium I ordered.  It was very tender and juicy however. The potatoes were just so so and could have been better. The glaze was wonderful . My husband had no complaints about the tuna. We ordered dessert and I mentioned it was the husbands birthday. They brought out his dessert with a candle. I felt that was appropriate for the establishment.  There were a few other things on the menu I would like to try but I won't rush to get back to do it. It was a sound meal with pleasant service and creative surroundings. I expected a tad more from the food.
5	I absolutely loved this restaurant. I went last night for the first time, and was truly impressed with the atmosphere, service and food.I decided to be one of "those people" and asked our server if I could sub scallops for the shrimp choice on my Pasta Primavera, and she was so accommodating, she asked the chef, and he said it was totally fine. (Now, if you want to try this option yourself, the dish is the same price as the regular scallops dish-- this did not bother me at all because if they hadn't been able to do it I was just going to order the scallops entree anyhow, so don't yap about the up charge and give the staff a hard time about it!)We sat at one of the tables, but I am dying to come back with a reservation for one of the booths. They look like big comfy couches! I wish I could definitely remember our server's name-- I think it was Laura. Owners of Ten Penny: if you read this, she was wonderful! Nice, attentive, but didn't hover! My boyfriend ordered the New York Strip and loved it. He shared a piece with me, and I definitely agreed with him.
4	I was in Pittsburgh for business and we stopped by for dinner during the week.  They were pretty well packed.  We waited at the bar until our table was ready.  The drinks were good and the food was really tasty.  We had a little of everything from the menu.  Wedge salad, fries, red curry, pasta, pork chop and the special for the night, a smoked short rib (which was huge).  Only area that might need a little tune up.... the service.  I think she was just too busy.  She just dropped dessert menus and walked away.  She came back a few minutes later and asked if we wanted dessert.  Kind of backwards to me.This is the reputation of the place.  Good food and drinks, service is spotty.  I think we got better that average service, but not like most place.I would go back.  Food was too good not to try again.
3	very much a tavern with a very industrious feel.  If in the area good tavern but i did not feel like it was a destination place for dinner.
2	Really poor service, and extremely mediocre food, at least for brunch. They had a nice draft list, so I'd be willing to check it out for happy hour.
4	On Thursday evening, 18 December, while waiting for my Amtrak connection (station nearby), I had a beer here after supper.  I'm inclined to give this place 2.5 or 3 stars for service but 5 stars for atmosphere and beer selection -- I settled for an overall rating of 4 stars but probably would have gone with 3.5 stars if it were possible.  The beer selection is extensive and includes 25 or so varieties on draught.  Prices were about as expected for the downtown area of a large city.  I ordered a draught of Troegs Mad Elf; I would have had a couple of more after that, but I was rather full from a large supper next door at August Henry's.  The bartender attended to me fairly quickly, initially, but his speed was adequate and not extraordinary.  However, getting his attention to get a glass of water thereafter was difficult.  I'm sorry if the $1 tip wasn't enough, but I've found in most other places that $1 tip is standard for adequate service, with more generous tips reserved for exceptional service.  Regardless of the mildly poor service, I'd go back there.
3	Services was very quick maybe to quick. . We had a flat bread that was under cooked a very oily. I ordered the pork chop and it was fantastic. My wife had the scallops and loved them. Desert was ok and overall for the price maybe not worth the the trip.
4	Came to this restaurant on invite for a yelp event. Service was very attentive, I made friends with a server named Eddy, very nice guy! For the yelp event we sampled the cocktails, I really enjoyed the cucumber one mixed with gin, followed by the tangueray cocktail which had a more citrusy taste but tasted stronger, I could not swallow the coffee flavored patron cocktail wayy to harsh. Salmon was delicious but fell apart do easy. My favorite was artichoke stuffed with goat cheese and asparagus soup!! Chicken meatballs were good, but missing the determining taste of pineapple sauce. The vibe at tenpenny was casual but at the same time a little dressier. I felt a littleUnderdressed with only a sweater on. I would definitely come back.
3	Let me preface this review by saying I absolutely LOVE the atmosphere of this place, the decor is great, the food and drinks are all very good, and the wait staff for table service, as well as the hostesses here have always been very pleasant. No complaints there.Pittsburgh needs more places catering to hip crowds, without being stereotypical "hipster" - and I think TenPenny accomplishes that incredibly well. Everything in my body says "love this place!" except for...wait for it... the bartenders... who leave a really negative impression unfortunately, despite making delicious concoctions. I give them credit for making great drinks and getting them to customers fairly quickly. But the personalities, quite frankly... and I'm generalizing here based on a few interactions with maybe 2-3 different tenders... suck.I have been here on a handful of occasions and let me just recap my experiences at the bar specifically... with a handful of quotes and explanations:-- "Sweetie,  you're going to have to show some ID" (I'm 30 - flattered they ask, but be kind please, I'm not a child, nor your sweetie)-- (at 12:45am on a Saturday with a full bar as we walk in) "Hey it's last call just so you know. We can only serve you one drink but then you gotta leave"-- Same night, taking candles off the bar to signal to patrons they should skiddaddle... at 1am. Still a full bar.--Same night around 1:15am (bar is about 3/4 full) -- nice couple walks in and comes up next to us to make their way to the bar for a drink order. They're turned down as the tenders tell them they're not taking orders any longer. The couple leaves.Different night...Me asking for clarification on a drink: "So it's kinda similar to a Moscow Mule then?"Bartender: (insert condescending laugh...) "not at all. So is that what you want?"Different night after work - empty tables that were probably reserved for a later event that evening - very crowded bar... I was there with about 6 coworkers. Bartender tells my friend as he serves him a drink that we can't be leaning on the table that's reserved and that we need to stand somewhere else. We complied even though annoyed, and stayed for another hour. The tables still were not in use when we left.Just ICK.com all around. You can't treat customers as though they're an inconvenience OR like you're better than them. It won't get you far. Bartenders can make or break a bar scene, and unfortunately each time I leave this place I wonder "why do I keep coming back?"What makes a place LAST is their people.I keep hoping the next time will be better. I plan to go back for dinner service (again, always great), but I think I should probably stop going to the bar.... would recommend others consider the same.Good luck!
3	Well basically a bust. Was excited to finally get here and 4 out of the 5 beers that were on the menu they were out of. Split a burger which was good. Would have been better if they were fresh cut fries. Cold ketchup was a plus though. Cool atmosphere but hesitant to go back.
5	I've eaten or had drinks at Ten Penny a handful of times since moving to Pittsburgh a few months ago - even had a great first date here! The menu changes, but always has a wide range of unique and staple choices. The wine and beer selection is great as well, but my favorite part of this place is the atmosphere - it takes me right back to NYC's Lower East Side :-) The staff has always been great - we even had a glass accidentally get knocked over on our table, but the server was extremely embarrassed and the manager comped one of the entrees from our bill, even though we didn't ask for it or make a stink about the glass. This is definitely a local favorite and somewhere you can bring friends, family or a hot date to and be sure to have a great time!
3	Great atmosphere. Good service.  The Brussels were good but a little over seasoned for my tastes. The truffle fries tasted good but they used premade French fries which gave them a cheap look and feel.  I would recommend that they switch to hand cut fries.  The entrees were filling, presented well, and tasted very good.  I had a Moscow Mule and was allowed to keep the copper mug which was a nice touch.
3	Went here for a gathering with friends around on New Years Eve Eve. It was pretty quiet as I'm sure most were gearing up for the next night. Overall, it was perfect for our gathering. The atmosphere is cool but relaxed. There was good music. It was like a familiar playlist of 90s music--loud enough for you to hear, but not so loud that you had to shout over it. Our server did a good job of keeping up with our drinks and things. The cocktails took a while to make. Maybe it was a new bartender or they were understaffed? Considering the light crowd, drinks should have come a little faster.I liked their beer list and they have some interesting cocktails. A pumpkin/maple whiskey drink didn't really work for me -- and they were apparently out of the preferred whiskey. I also tried a drink with cucumber and pickle juice. Sounds crazy, but I like pickles. The only good thing about this one was that it made me sip slow -- saving me money and my friends from seeing me get too crazy!  The TP No. 1 Cup was the best drink I sampled and I would order it again. Doesn't pack much punch, though.For food, the meal was satisfying, but not incredibly memorable. There are a lot of options, so I think you can expect everyone to find something that they will enjoy. The appetizers were more interesting than the entrees. Nothing was bad, but I just wanted a little more excitement for the price on some of the entrees.Overall, I liked this place, but considering I'm only in town once or twice a year anymore, I'd try a few more places before coming back. But if someone suggested it again, I'd go along. I'd prefer it for drinks and apps and then maybe try dinner some place else.
5	I have been in Pittsburgh for about a year and this is hands down my favorite place after my first time visiting last night. The food itself was absolutely delicious, but can only speak for the appetizers and soups as our party opted to order a bunch of their sharables and appetizers, so I have not had an entree tasting.The brussel sprouts, special flatbread, and mac n cheese were delicious and had a unique mix of flavors, but the Mushroom flatbread was absolutely delicious, probably the most tasty thing I've had in the city since my meal at Meat N Potatoes.The service, at first the service was a bit aggressive, we were constantly asked if we were ready to order entrees despite making it clear we were going to order a bunch of sharables, but the lady was nice overall, just very attentive to a fault. The kitchen did forget our soups at one point, which honestly wasnt a big deal at all as the soup was worth the wait, it was light, creamy, and absolutely delicious (Cream of Asparagus), despite our party really being fine with the small mistake and not caring, the management took care of us and were very apologetic for what we viewed as a something not even major.5 star service and food, will def be back and sharing with out of towners.
