4	Great, divey Irish pub with live music and good beer on tap.  The beer menu is not as extensive as some places, but the laidback crowd, and cool atmosphere make up for that flaw.  We gathered here with a group of friends and had a great time and a lot of booze and our tab was super cheap.  Parking is a little scarce, but once you find a spot and step inside you can kick your feet up and have a jolly good time.  Cheers.Only complaint is that there is not enough room by the band.  People try to crowd around and it is nearly impossible.
3	I can't tell whether the reason I haven't liked Irish bars in Cenpho proper is that I was spoiled by San Francisco and Galway or whether they're actually just not that good.  But that's my dilemma with Rosie's.  It's not bad, per se, but I don't know any bar that I would consider "bad".  It's just a little...disappointing.  Great Irish knick-knacks on the walls and a good variety of Irish beers.  Passable pub food and an oft-occupied stage complete the picture.  But something about it seems lacking.  It doesn't seem to have that homey feel that I always look for and something about parking in a Toys R Us lot is disturbing, especially on one's way to toss back a few pints.
4	Located on the north side of Camelback, east of 7th St. (right next to the defunct Toys R Us)  For a quality cold draft beer and good home style meat and potatoes ("must have" potatoes in an Irish Pub) lunch or dinner this is a winner.   A kitzy, cozy, neighborhood hangout - come in your jeans and tell stories - walk home, or take the bus since it's right on the bus route, if you've done too many 16oz. curls.  The action here on St. Patrick's Day can't be beat.
4	Three and a half stars. Good selection of Irish bars and good live Irish music. There aren't many bars in that immediate area so if you live nearby this might be your saving grace. The St. Patty's Day festivities are my favorite part about Rosie's but it's never a bad time. I have had a couple of those rub-my-eyes-reread-the-bill moments when it occurs to me that car bombs are both expensive and intoxicating (though not one much moreso than the other). Food is good, but wasn't very memorable. Good, laid-back scene and mostly nice people, with few transplants and a high percentage of locals, which can be refreshing around FBR time.
4	Sadly enough, Rosie McCaffrey's is like my Cheers --- not because it's so great, but because I can walk there, they know what my drink is, I can get schnookered and follow the breadcrumbs back to my house.  Come to think of it though, there are people there who resemble Norm, Sam and Woody.The crowd is all over the map depending on the day of week.  A friend of mine sardonically describes it as a straight version of Padlock --which if you know what that means then great.  But if not, it's better that way -- trust me.  Let's just say it can be a bit of a meet market. Weekends are crowded and tend to attract a fun upper-20s, early-30s party-hearty crowd -- the Tempe crowd 7 years later, I suppose.  It attracts more of a mainstream crowd than say George and Dragon. Bands perform on the weekends.  But to be honest I can't even tell you what kind of music or what they sing.  They have a lot of beers on tap (Harp, Guinness and such) and strong liquor pours.  Tom is a rockin bartender. Weekdays are more laidback with a steady happy hour clientele of alcoholics, business crowd, Central Phoenix locals, Irish expatriates and rugby people. The jukebox is OK, but there are better jukeboxes in the area.The feel inside is your standard Irish chotchky clutter, but it feels like an actual old house with the whole upper level.  Oh yes, and the pub grub is pretty good.  The fish and chips here are deserving of their reputation.  Great batter. The hot wings are also a good choice -- lots of meat and tasty Harp-soaked sauce. Stay away from the club sandwich -- the bread is soggy and the American cheese kind of ruins it. BTW, St. Patty's day is CRAZY here. Yeah there are Irish pubs everywhere, but this is the only Irish pub for miles around -- so the crowd here was huge and spilled into the parking lot.
5	great beer selectiongreat live musicgreat atmosphereI used to live across the street and nightcap it here everynight.there is always something to be had at rosie's.
4	This place is right up my alley.Smithwick's on tap- checkAwesome fish & chips (award-winning for a good reason)- checkGood pub vibe accompanied by live music- checkA nice soccer following (the unofficial bar for Glasgow Celtic supporters- not my club, but good enough)- checkI'll go with 4 & 1/4 stars.
5	Thank goodness there's no shortage of Irish pubs in Phoenix. Rosie's is certainly one of the best in the Valley. The bar is warm and inviting.  The staff is friendly. And there's a lot of return customers, giving the bar that "Cheers"-like vibe.Stella, Smithwick's, Guinness -- you'll find all of the old faves here. So the next time you're looking to get in touch with your Irish side, stop in and say hi. Chances are, you'll see Miss Rosie behind the bar.
5	This one is very near and dear to me.  I have known Seamus since he was downtown and it always feels like St. Patty's day whenever I run into him at one of his pubs (although it has been a while since the last time which is probably a good thing).  I remember talking to him about this pub before he even started work on it.  He was very adamant about making it as authentic as possible and it does have that welcoming feel every good pub should have.  In short I love this place, there is nothing better than tipping a Guinness and a Jameson with a few friends in one of the cozy booths and listen to some great Celtic band bring the roof down.  Whether you're a pub person or not this is one of the best watering holes in Phoenix.  Also, come St. Patrick 's Day this is one place I have to be (in my kilt of course).  As a bit of trivia I was the first person who officially bought Seamus a shot of Jameson at the grand opening.  He makes a big deal out of it and I think it's kind of cool.  Slainte
4	I've never been to an Irish Pub but landed here with a business associate who is a local and happens to be Irish!  We were here for an early dinner on a weeknight and the place was welcoming.  There were a lot of folks coming and going; decor was homey and full of knick knacks.Josephine was our hostess and took our orders.  We had the Giants Causeway Meatloaf and the Mac's Grilled Dublin Irish Cheddar & Tomato sandwich.  The meatloaf was paired with colcannon style mashed potatoes, which by itself is heaven on earth and real comfort food!  The meatloaf was made with ground beef, corned beef, Irish seasonings and paired with steamed veggies.  The "grilled cheese" sandwich was ordered by my business associate who claimed it as a favorite sandwich order with Guinness.The menu is extensive including salads, sandwiches, appetizers.  Of course, there is corned beef and cabbage (a real fave of mine, which I've made at home) plus the award winning Harp battered fish and chips.  The next time I'm in Phoenix, I'm coming back to the pub!
4	Food-mehBeer-goodAtmosphere and music-awesomeI will go back to Rosie's for the music and beer, but not the food. My husband tried the "award-winning" fish and chips and said they were a 7 out of 10 and that he has had better at other Irish pubs.  The area where the bands play is pretty small and cramped, so go a bit early to get a seat at the bar or one of the tables near the stage area. It does give it the intimacy of the pubs in Ireland which is nice, but I wish it would have had a small dance floor area because some Irish tunes definitely get you up wanting to dance a jig :)
5	Rosie's is TROUBLE. I know this has to be my favorite bar not because I remember having good times here but because I rarely remember anything.  All stories I am about to relay are passed on the day after by a trustworthy "source" who is consistently regaled with my 3am Drunken Story Time Hour.The roomies and I fall here "just for one" and consistently end up calling my boyfriend (aka "The Source") at half past 2 for a ride home, so it's not a crowd favorite, because he undoubtedly hates Rosie's.OH! And there is one bartender we love in particular. After being hit on for hours by the same ridiculous wedding-ringed douchebags, one wink of the eye from Captain Awesome McBartender meant our entire tab was being taken care of by Cheaters Anon, aka those dickbags (unbeknown to said bags). It was TOTALLY AWESOME.I also have walked in on some sex in the bathroom. Boyfriend especially enjoyed hearing me dramatize that one in great detail. I'm a hoot when I leave Rosie's, apparently.
5	I met bunch of cute Irish guys here, as in, actually from Ireland with cute accents.  5 stars for that alone!  Kidding aside, I'm a sucker for a good pub.  Every time I've come here, it's been a blast.Update:  Last night I needed a cab.  I am all stressed about this because my mobile is dead.  No worries.  They have a button that you push to get a cab, that's right, a BUTTON.  I swear it's true.
4	Oh boy was I excited when I first walked into Rosie McCaffrey's.  An Irish pub right down the street?  This place was a godsend disguised as a local drunken hotspot.Apparently, it wasn't disguised at all.  It really is just a local drunken hotspot.I've been a moderate patron of Rosies for the past few months now, and while this is my usual watering hole of choice, there are a few things that need to be said about it.  First of all, the beer selection is good.  It isn't Yardhouse by a longshot, but the choices are varied for different tastes and income brackets.  The food is good for bar fare.  I felt much like a Irish local grazing the fields of greasy confections, I could literally feel my alcohol tolerance increasing with each bite.  The service is good, but prepare to wait if the place fills up (which it does) and you'll get looked over if you don't have cleavage (which I don't) but it helps if you're on a first name basis with the staff (which I am).The music is varied, which is nice.  On the nights where live music is playing, you'll get a spattering of Irish folk music or recent covers.  I'm a fan of a few bands that play there, but to be completely honest, there have only been a few occasions where I've found my toes tapping.  But it's lively and fun, pleasant to listen to while you inebriate yourself.You'll find a wide range of characters that frequent Rosies, though.  From the bar rats, greased woman hunters, drunken floozies, haughty better-than-alls and down home boys, there is never a lack of people to talk to.  I can't guarantee a good experience, but who can?  But I wouldn't worry, if you're using the place as you should, you won't remember tomorrow morning anyway.No matter it's flaws, Rosie McCaffery's is worth a visit at least.  Grab a bite, take a shot of Irish courage and mix it up with a stranger.  If you see a fellow standing to the side, people watching with a silent amused smirk, come and say hello.  I probably won't bite.
5	a guy I new I think LIVED here!.....used this as his like his address....People great good mix....great place to have a group at........or a Arm wrestling match at....
4	Ask for a real Irish Pub in Phoenix and you might as well ask for real italian food in Phoenix. Look, it's just not going to happen. Luckily, that means that people will still try and some will come close - but who cares? Rosie McCaffrey's Irish Pub is easily one of the top three 'irish' pubs in Phoenix. However, what makes Rosie's better is that it lets go of trying to be something that it couldn't possibly achieve. That authentic irish pub, or even one close to those that you'll find in Chicago, or New York. Again, that's okay. Unlike the George & Dragon which absolutely holds onto it's attempt at being authentically british, Rosie's is closer to actually being an Irish Pub deep in the heart of desert Phoenix. I've had many, many great nights with friends in the booths at Rosie McCaffrey's. Come with a good group of friends, when the place is packed and the band plays on the insanely small stage - and you're set for a great time. The fish and chips with vinegar are more than decent and often actually deserve whatever award they claim to have recieved. The beer flows and they have the appropriate options on draught. But none of that stuff really matters.You can recreate the exact same bar anywhere. You can use the same wood, the same bar, have the same drinks on tap, and none of it matters if your crowd sucks. This is where Rosie's excels. The crowd. The people who frequent. Since it's deep in Phoenix, yet a little off center, Rosie's doesn't attract the annoying Tempe college crowd. It doesn't attract the annoying Scottsdale upper-class pretenders. The people who go to Rosie's actually live in Phoenix. These are hard working middle class city dwellers looking for a neighborhood bar to share a great time with friends - and drink - truly without the pretentiousness so often found everywhere else even remotely popular.As far as irish pubs in Phoenix go, Rosie's is top three - but only because they regularly have some of the best crowds. Sure, every now and then you feel like pretending to be someone else and you make your way to Scottsdale (or you feel like pretending to be someone else everynight) but when you just want to be yourself with your friends, and have a great time, not just a good time, Rosie McCaffrey's is the place to go. So drink up, talk to everyone you want to, heck, start a brawl even, it's an irish pub right?
4	OK, I can never NOT do my Lucky Charm meets Irish Spring accent when I'm here. Not only am I sure I sound imbibed before I even consume my first black and tan, but the staff must surely have heard every Irish accent attempt known to mankind. Love the draft beers here. Love the meatloaf sandwich. Mostly  love the pub atmosphere and what seems to be A LOT of regulars. One particular server is fantastic. A cherubic faced server, not without life lines, complete with a delicious accent. My friend thinks she fakes it. The accent that is. That's fine with me as long as the grub and ale are "magically delicious" and at some point I get to say "manly, yes, but I like it too!"
5	My favorite place in Phoenix to grab a Perfect Pint. I think Guinness in an Irish pub just tastes better. And at Rosie's its even better thanks to the lively pub. My friends and I go come here whenever possible, its always a great time with great friends, great drink, and at a great place. Rosie's is that place where you always bump into someone you know. It makes this city seem just a little bit smaller. If you get there early enough for dinner, try the fish and chips, it's pretty tasty. But really, Guinness is a meal unto itself. Just grab a booth, sit back, and enjoy the night.
4	I kind of consider myself to be a bit of an Irish pub expert.  First of all, I'm Irish.  Second of all, I lived in Boston, the mecca of Irish pubs outside of Ireland, for 7 years.  I'm kind of well versed in these things.That being said Rosie McCaffrey's gets my seal of approval.  I'm going to go with 4 stars for right now seeing as I didn't sample the food, we brought our own birthday cake in with us!  (Which they were totally cool about)  I was with the magical Bonnie G who possesses the uncanny ability to get us a table even in the most crowded of establishments.  I swear, she uses some Jedi mind tricks or something.  There we were, all cozy in a booth with a huge birthday cake having a great time....and a band starts up!  Playing Irish music!  Including a real fiddle!  I was in heaven.  I almost wanted to shout out some requests for my favorite Irish folk music (Come out Ye Black and Tans, Tri Coloured Ribbon, A Nation Once Again) but I restrained.  They have a decent beer selection, it includes the Irish beers you would expect to see but there was one glaring omission for me.  No Sam.  So boo to that.  Our waitress was really nice even though she didn't have to be at all which is always appreciated.  It was a great lively bar scene, with a nice central bar, and a warm and inviting atmosphere.  The crowd was a great range of people from all different walks of life and everyone was friendly and having a good time, most people who passed by our table wished our friend a Happy Birthday (except for one girl who was also having a birthday and we offered cake to and she ran off....who doesn't like cake?!). We exchanged a piece of cake for a rose....it was a good time indeed.Definitely one of the better pubs I've been to in here in Arizona.  A pub like this puts a pub like the Rose and Crown to shame because R+C has no vibe.  In fact, in retrospect, R+C feels a little boring to me now.
3	I can't make up my mind about Rosie's.  A good happy hour bar, sure, though I never seem to make it anywhere near the universal discounted-beer-cut-off-time, so it always seems like when I go here, I'm in the happy hour mood at 10 o'clock PM. I just has a strange ambiance.  I enjoy the decor, though they are only one footy kit away from being hokey.Rosie's has a good selection of Irish spirits and beers, though for some reason i can't get any more creative than a Half-n-half here ... something about this bar has that order ingrained in my pea-sized-drinkin-brain.  I really want to check out some Premier League games here, scottish or english.  I've had their food and it is your typical Irish grub.  I wonder if anyone Irish would find any of our silly Irish-American fare remotely interesting.  The smoking patio is far too small and seems to have some sort of gravitational pull for all the jerk-offs in the bar to congregate.  I thought they were giving away free samples of American Crew Hair Paste for men one night out there.  I was afraid to lite up for taking out 'three-stars' Rosie's.
4	The Lisbon Lions.If you know anything about Celtic FC, then you should know about the Lisbon Lions.The year was 1967; the setting Lisbon, Portugal.  The green half of Glasgow wins the European Cup, now the Champions League.  A shining moment of glory for the Scottish club that plays second fiddle to its blue neighbor, Rangers FC; the most decorated club in the world.  And arguably the better half of Glasgow.As of my last visit to Mrs. McCaffrey's, I did not see a photo of the storied Lisbon Lions on the wall, but perhaps I did not look hard enough.  Beer goggles are not the best detective eyewear.  Still, the atmosphere is cozy; and as for Celtic FC kit, there is enough to go around.Beer; as a pub this is a prerequisite, and Rosie's does not disappoint.  The selection is pretty standard, but does have Hoegaarden; very nice.  The whiskey lineup is made up of the usual suspects, but when it comes to getting pissed it works like a charm.The service is quick and friendly, so nothing to complain about there.The victuals are quality, and if I might recommend the meatloaf sandwich.  I'm not a big supporter of meatloaf, but this particular dish was quite good.  Curry chips were excellent, although the chips could have been bigger.  So, if you like Irish pubs with a penchant for Scottish football, then Rosie McCaffrey's is the place for you.  I have a feeling that Americans don't realize that Celtic FC is a Scottish club.  Sod it, ignorance is bliss, and a place to get proper pissed should never go amiss.It's just a shame that there are not more Scottish pubs; I would love a Rangers pub.  Maybe there is a gap in the market.CheersUntil then, get the beers in...
4	Based on memory and a one-time visit, I'm giving this place 4 stars. That's pretty damn fine, if you consider how it's been nearly 365 complete days since my first and only "run in" with Rosie. All the way around, it was a nice experience. Sure, it was a Saturday night and the bar was crowded when my friend and I got there. So, we took ourselves upstairs and out onto the patio. Great vantage point, if you can tolerate smoking. I really like the interior of the place - almost feels like a basement with an escape hatch through the roof. Don't ask me why it makes me think of this. It could just be me...I used to drive past Rosie's on a regular basis and think, "I need to go there again." I never have made it back, but that isn't any fault of the establishment. Rosie's is a great pick for when you're in Central Phoenix. Definitely check it out. You'll probably leave with a great impression, like I did. Only I hope you're not as absentminded as I am to never make it back there for a second round.
5	This is one of my favorite bars in town to kick back with friends and have a good time.  The sandwiches are HUGE, well priced and yummy.  The beer on tap is cold. They have a very well stocked bar for Irish specialties, and the servers and bartenders are attentive and friendly.   It's great for groups... When I have gone with a group, we had the whole upstairs balcony to ourselves.  The bar is comfortable for single women... people are friendly, not gropey.  Very nice.   The booths are big and comfy... I have seen people having their own little game night at the booths.  They can play all night and never have to get up for a beer.  One table was playing Uno.  Not a bad idea.  4-6 fit easily in a booth and there is good access to dancing (which often spills over into the aisles around the bar)Maybe we need another UYE.  I'd be there early.
4	So, I know that there are tons of reviews on this great little Irish Pub, but after driving by it a million times, I finally got to go in...it was a Monday, but a good experience none the less.  I enjoyed the atmosphere and the beer was good.  I had the spinach artichoke dip and it was quite tastey although a little watery for my tastes.  I don't think Monday is the best way to judge a good Irish pub, but it reminded me of the pubs I went to when I was in Ireland.  I hope I can convince someone to go back with me soon!
5	This is one of the best Irish pub/restaurants the valley has to offer. They also have live bands perform on occasion.I used to work very close to here and wandered in about once a week. The food is authentic, with fish and chips and dozens of other traditional Irish comfort-food dishes.The bar is wonderful with seating for about 20. They offer plenty of expected Irish Beer and Whiskey selections. They have a small patio for us smokers too.Service is friendly, though it can be a little slow when they are really busy (lunch, happy hour and weekends).
4	Been there once and it was pretty solid.  Hard to screw up beer and fried appetizers though :)  Atmosphere is pretty good and the staff is great.
1	Promised myself after my last visit that I shall never return. That was 2.5 years ago and I haven't been back since!Went in and sat down in a booth, had dinner, ordered some drinks. We had been there about an hour (dinner + 2 rounds) when our server came over and said, we need to give her a credit card because our tab was over $50 and we were sitting close enough to the door we could walk out on it. I looked her square in the eye and asked if she thought maybe there might be a better way to word that, like "I'm sorry guys, I forgot to take a card to start your tab, do you think you could provide one?" She got very defensive and started telling me how people walk out on tabs by the door, so again, why didn't you just get one to start with instead of coming to our table in a combative manner. The bar is actually pretty cool, but that little bitch sealed the deal that I will never return, nor will I recommend it to any of my friends. EVER.We paid the tab, left a $20 tip on a $50 bill, and left.
4	I visited for a Sunday lunch (yesterday).  The food was good.  . .your typical bar food but the portions were quite large.  The server was friendly and prompt.I left happy.
4	I came here for lunch on Saturday, and was happy with what I had experienced.  Upon entering, I was seated in the front with my guest, and we were greeted by our server.I did not get a chance to walk around the place to observe it, but I have to say, the service was amazing.  We had a wonderful lady who was probably old enough to be our mom waiting on us.  (thats complimentary.)  She was genuine, kind, and was one of a kind.  I ended up ordering the tuna melt, and could not decide what kind of bread to get.  I asked our server, and she had suggested sourdough, because she said that I would get a bigger sandwich.  Sold!I enjoyed this place, even though it has more of a bar feel.  its reasonably easy to spot from the road, and our service was excellent.  I would gladly return for lunch or dinner to this place.The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5, is becuase  the interior is somewhat dark, and its more of a bar feel then a resturant feel.  I would see myself going here for a night out for drinks, but the food here was good, and service made it even better.
5	We love Rosies!  For their Fish and Chips I am a addict, washed down with extremely fresh Guinness, total food buzz!   If you don't like it Pogue Mahone!
2	First thing you notice during happy hour is the lack of parking. HORRIBLE!! Took me nearly 30 minutes to find a spot and I showed up there at 4:15pm. There's a small strip mall on the corner with LOTS of signs about getting towed - car owner beware!Inside: Dark, dismal and nothing "happy" about their prices. I was at the bar with two friends and service was lacking. It wasn't very busy either; not compared to other bars in the same area during the same time.I didn't try any of the food, which is the only reason this place is getting two stars instead of one. As far as I'm concerned, there are much nicer, friendlier and better priced places in the Camelback Corridor than this place.
5	I was planning on writing more about how awesome 'The Street' is, but then I went to Rosie McCaffrey's for lunch.  Yes, it has been reviewed 30+ times.  Yes, it was my first time going. So WHAT! It's official, I don't know everything, okay?Well, I DIDN'T know everything until I visited this establishment. Upon entering, answers to the world's greatest mysteries flooded my thoughts.Seriously though, this place is pretty awesome. Lisa M. was spot on when she said 'Food buzz'.  I left that place gitty with tasty pleasures. So, allow me to break it down.***The Food***I ordered the Fish and Chips. Cliche? Perhaps, but it was the wisest decision I have made since I decided to get married 6 years ago. Really.The fish is fresh not frozen, battered and fried to perfection.  Not too oily, and the fish wasn't dry.  Crispy and flavorful when paired with the provided lemon wedge and tarter.  The Tartar sauce wasn't bad, but wasn't extraordinary either. It was... Tartar sauce.  I used the ice cold malt vinegar for my fish and my chips and I was pleasantly aroused.  That being said, lets move on to the facilities...***Water Closet***Yes, the Water Closet.  Isn't that what restrooms are called over in Ireland? Anyway, Nothing special here.  It was a little neglected, but not dirty.  Splashed mirrors, wet floors, and paper towels floating around like tile-based tumbleweeds. Anyway, no big deal, right? It's a PUB! No points deducted.***The Service***This was the best part! The service at this place was strikingly awesome!  I believe our waitress' name was Jenna (according to my receipt).  She was super friendly, and struck up a conversation with us that was short and sweet, but also showed that she was genuinely interested.She was thoughtful enough to take our order BEFORE tending to a birthday song (this staff shouldn't quit their day jobs) and our food was out in about 5 minutes. When she couldn't get our refills she had a coworker do it. Now THAT'S service!***The Atmosphere***Wood everywhere (Get your mind out of the gutter, perv). It was worn and a very relaxing place.  I can imagine coming here to watch a game or during happy hour.  I wouldn't venture to say authentic, because... well, I wouldn't know. I'm a mix between this and that, not Irish.Did I mention you get to walk through the middle of the bar? Well you do. I swear! I would have given it 4 1/2 stars, but I couldn't.  I just don't like giving out 5 stars haphazardly, but I suppose this place is worthy...Check out the pictures for a FULL experience...[Postscript] Yes, I actually said "Spot On"... I'm telling you, this place will get in your head!
4	We're a little conflicted about Rosie's. We've been quite a few times, and usually have an excellent meal here. The service in the last few months has been not so good. That said, our waitress last week filled us in on the recent menu scuttlebutt. We had been told, to our great dismay, earlier this summer that a number of our favorite menu items, including the boxty, would soon be gone. However, certain chef issues have been dealt with now, and almost all of the menu will remain the same. Good thing, too, because Hubby's beef, potato, mushroom & dark beer boxty was out of this world. My go-to dish of fish & chips was delicious as always. The hot pretzel app also hit the spot, with two great dipping sauces- the grainy mustard and the fabulous curry. Parking is hellacious, as always, and we never go on weekends anymore, but we do love Rosie's as a weekday night dinner option. We've just learned to lower our expectations when it comes to the service. After all, they are keeping our boxtys, and well, we're simply not as interesting as the frat boys to our waitresses. We've accepted this.
3	i used to frequent this place more then 3 times a week. frequent regulars of the Thursday night cover band. "Play Dancing Barefoot" the Guinness is always served right and the wait staff is usually attentive. this was the place i would always be for St. Patty's day, New Year's Eve, Great Guinness Toast, umm what else? yea Every other Saturday Night and every Thursday and the occasional Friday or Monday.this place today. i feel like i need to be bribed to go in. "arik, come down for a beer at Rosie's" "will it cost me anything?" lol. the clientele just seems so much different then before. it used to be fairly mixed. serious drunks with chemical dependencies, and yuppies. now..umm younger crowd, which means amateur drunks, Irish car bombs and loud hoot'n. i honestly prefer the harder edge of true alcoholics. now with all the kids it just makes me think "i didn't realize i was so close to Tempe."the food is average and seems to have gotten worse. the wait staff is still pretty good. quick and attentive. Megan is my favorite. always a huge smile.in the past I've walked out of here with a $300 tab. today, I'm happy to pay under $20. i would rather save my money for better bars.2 stars for the change i don't prefer, 4 stars for Megan!!!I'll meet half way and give it a 3.
5	went With Chris T. here. Really good food and out standing service. I would have to refer you to his review for more details on the visit. http://www.yelp.com/writeareview/biz/rW5N-fiNhqb-fR3bGqyPdg#But outstanding and 5 starts from me. If I could give 6 stars for service I would.
5	This was the first place that I tried wings post-vegetarianism and I loved them.  Hundreds of wings and a few years later, I still think they are pretty awesome.  Meaty wings, soaked in Harp, covered in sauce very similar to Franks - mmm, so tasty.  Everything else is good too, but I go back for the wings.  Irish beers on tap - Harp, Smithwick's (Shmittick's) and the obligatory Guiness - as well as a plethora of other libations.  I adore the waitress who always seems to serve us, with her m'love's and Irish mom ways.  She accidentally gave us our drink bill, without the food included.  When we pointed out the mistake, she brought back a bill sans wings.  Maybe she forgot about the wings, maybe she was repaying our honesty, but either way we tipped well and were grateful.
4	stopped in while waiting to go to dinner on thanksgiving.  Jukebox was playing Blind Melon (one of my favorites)   I have been here before and people are always friendly and ready to get drunk!  Also the bartender was super friendly to us. She made fun of me because I requested orange-cran-sprite because I was the DD but ordering a drink like that I think I well deserved it.This is a great place.  One of the better hang out pubs in Phoenix in my op.  Will go back of course.
4	I just moved to the 'hood and I've been here a few times. The beer is cold, the food is hot and the service is warm and friendly. They have the standard English/Irish Beer selection, Guiness, Smithwicks, Newcastle, etc. The food is standard pub fare, burgers, sandwiches, salads, etc. The fish chips are pretty good. Large filet of fish, beer battered  to a crispy finish. Served with hot french fries, ramekin of slaw and some lemon wedges. (Don't forget the Malt Vinegar!!!) Beers are $5 a pint, a touch pricey, but I'm down for supported local establishments. The servers are always warm and friendly.
3	I've been to Rosie's a few times over the years and have always thought the food is decent and the drinks good. My husband and I met up with a few friends on Friday night. The place was packed, but luckily our friends had a table. We sat down and the server came over right away, took our drink orders and gave us menus. The service was spot on until it was time to pay. Our friends had a seperate bill and left about 10 minutes before we did. Once our bill came we noticed our friends drinks had been charged to us and another drink from a different table had been charged to us. We disputed the charges with our server and she said "well those drinks were your friends. I'm sure they'll pay you back. As for the other drink I'll take that off because it belongs to the table behind  you."We still disputed the drinks our friends ordered as we didn't think we should have to pay for them as it was her fault for not ringing the order up correctly. She told us we had to pay for them and that it shouldn't be a problem because our friends should pay us back. Whatever! I was done disputing the charge. Fine! WeI'll pay for my friends drinks. Yeah, I will get paid back, but the server should have just ate the cost.I don't know, I might be looking at it wrong. Other than the discrepancy with the bill the Smithwick's on tap was great and the fish filet in the fish and chips was huge and good.
4	Fish and chips will settle just about any dining dispute.Don't believe me? The next time you and your squeeze can't decide where to eat, just say "fish and chips" as non-chalantly as possible. Nothing can withstand the suggestive awesomeness that is fish n' chips. Not even vegan cupcakes and soy lattes.I wanted sushi and Misty S wanted Greek. So naturally we ended up here.I  usually have a rule that if I'm not feeling a place within the first few minutes, I leave. Walking in expecting shamrocks and songs with drinkable rhythms, I found a middle-age grope fest accompanied by the smooth and pedantic melodies of 3 Doors Down and some country singer who sounded like but wasn't necessarily Wifebeater McGraw. If there isn't a country singer with that name, there should be. Needless to say, I wasn't feeling it. But there was a feeling inside of me (hunger, perhaps) beckoning me to stay.Waiting for our potato skins to come, I looked at my glass of water and wished I had splurged on a soda or something. It would make having to hear "The Devil Went Down To Georgia" and watching people older than my parents feel each other up a little more bearable. At least there would be bubbles.I wanted to get all indignant about the potato skins taking forever, but when I saw the hostess/waitress/bartender walking out with our skins and realizing she was the only employee on duty, I shut my mouth before I made an ass of myself.The potato skins were amazing. They were crunchy, creamy, and smothered in corned beef, not those flavorless bacon bits you'll find at Friday's or Applebee's. I belong at Applebee's? No dude, YOU belong at Applebee's. Because you suck. The fish and chips were exquisite. So is the word "exquisite". I really need to find a way to work that more into my day to day dialog. I've never had cod that massive before. It was big like my ego and juicy like my gossip. I know. That second one was a stretch. But seriously, it was fucking gargantuan. As I drowned it in lemon juice and malt vinegar, I shivered to think of all the lesser fish I have been duped into eating. I was really impressed with the fries, in part because I in my endless skepticism expected steak fries, which are always soggy before you even bite into them. But not today, apparently. Instead I got hot, thick, and crispy chips.They tasted so good that I felt bad desecrating them with the contents of a two dollar bottle of heinz ketchup left at lukewarm temperature. And not even the good pulpy kind. Seriously, does nobody serve REAL ketchup around here?So instead I dipped them in tartar sauce. It was exquisite.I shouldn't comment on the coleslaw, since my taste is admittedly skewed. I like mine with lots of mayo and lots of sugar. Occasionally raisins or pineapples. But I'm sure if you did the Pepsi challenge with their 'slaw and say, KFC's 'slaw, 9 out of 10 people from third world countries would tell you that Rosie's was fresher and tastier. And that the asshole from Burger King's check still hasn't come in the mail.I can't wait for me and Misty S to disagree on where to go out for lunch so we can come here again.
4	Rosie's was the very first bar my bf took me to in Phx back in September. Actually, it was 9/11. We stopped in for a drink around 6pm-ish and there were candles lit everywhere and lots of American flags hung up. They were remembering victims of 9/11 and we showed up right before the bagpipers started playing. My high school mascot was a Highlander, so bagpipers will always hold a special place in my heart. It was really moving hearing them play "Amazing Grace" along with a few other songs. After the music, the owner read a poem and had a moment of silence for the fallen victims. After the memorial, it was business as usual and there seemed to be a growing crowd by the time we left. We also stopped by for a drink with an out of town friend last night. Both guys commented how cool the place is and declared their love for Irish beer. The service has been great both visits, last night I believe Rosie herself was waiting on us. I could be wrong, but with her cute accent and cheery disposition, she seemed like a 'Rosie' to me.
5	This place sucks...horrible...don't go.  It's mine. My bar. My island.  My fear is that Rosie's becomes to popular.  Right now it's perfect.  Home away from home.  Best pub in Phoenix.  Seriously stay away.
4	Best pulled pork sandwich of my life.  Some of the best bbq sauce of my life.AND the Irish pub atmosphere... bbq at an irish pub? I KNOW. It was amazing.  The day I went the pulled pork was on special so it was $5.95 for a great portion size.  The drinks are $5.50 which I find is typical for "irish" pubs.  The atmosphere was great.  The service was good.  That pulled pork though... mmmmm!
4	Part of my draught cider tour. They have the chips down to perfection. Irony that half of the English national dish is better represented here than within any of the British bars, fish and chip places in the valley. Truth be told chicken tikka masala is closer to being the English national dish.  The only reason  Britain had an empire was to find something decent for dinner which should have left Ireland unmolested. That's a puzzle for a later talk post.:)   The queso dip to start was fine, nothing special. Why can't we have Irish bars serving something close to what I would get in Ireland?  It's a continual source of amazement to me that  it's just whatever is popular locally with the addition of an Irish name = appetizer. Que? :) This is the best tasting non-shepherd's pie I've had. Ok it has beef , instead of lamb,  but  finally someone that didn't deaden the dish it in gravy,  waste it with poorly mixed potatoes from a packet nor stuck in vegetables that didn't belong in there.  Just the right crispiness on the top and a portion that just has me coming in as full as the last spoon is scooped. Cider , yay,  not a lot of choice, ok no choice:)  but it's still cold and doesn't have that fell out off the can taste.  My partner had the boxty  which was feckin great to the point that I was envious, me with my pie and all, that I couldn't be eating two plates at once. Solution? I suppose I'll have to come back.
1	This update is not because I went back to Rosie's, but to share the comment I received from my server. I really think it's in poor taste she felt the need to contact me and makes me NEVER want to give business to Rosie's ever again.In my review I relayed the events as they happened, I'm not going to sugar coat it. I still think the cost of my friends drinks should not have been charged to me and it's not that my friends are "unreliable dining compainions", it was not their fault their drinks were not charged to them and they didn't notice. The server is the one who rang up the order and made the mistake, she should own up to it, not blame my friends or get pissy with me.It's really too bad that I don't want to give my business to Rosie's because I really do like it there and I really wasn't that upset with the server, just the situation. I still stand by the fact the drinks wrongfully charged to me should not have been my responsiblity. Doesn't matter if the drinks belonged to my friends, I shouldn't have had to pay for the mistake the server made. Here is her comment:I was your server that evening and do not appreciate that you feel servers should have to pay out of our own pockets for your friends mistakes.  We seperate checks to make things more convienent for you.  Most places do not allow split checks.  I am sorry your friends skipped out on their portion of the tab.  Maybe you should find more reliable dining companions. As for the one beer on your tab, that indeed was my mistake and if my memory serves me correctly, i quickly and kindly apologized for MY mistake and swiftly removed it from your tab without any friction. Can't wait to see you again soon.  Rosie's always tries to give a good experience to it's customers.
5	Not much to say but... life does not get better then Rosie's in Phoenix (pub wise.)Great music, great vibe, great happy hour. It is the pub that keeps bringing me back to AZ.
4	Authentic Irish Pub complete with Irish bands and Setanta sport channel to watch the various European football (not soccer) leagues and rugby matches.  Food is good. Atmosphere, joyous.  Get there early on a weekend if you want a seat.  Long live the Irish.
4	I love this place! It is a fun and laid back. I wouldn't try the food...but I love the drinks. The bartenders are always very attentive and super quick.
5	My dad told me about this place through a friend who has been going here forever. Thanks Charlie! I first tried their Fish and Chips. Hands down, best in town. I've actually met Shemus, on a trip to denver for the Celtic FC Vs. MLS all stars a few years back and really come to enjoy eating here on my lunch hours. Granted that when it comes to servers at any bar or restaurant you get a few bad apples here and there, but for the most part the service is great. I would take anyone to this place for a happy hour drink or lunch/dinner.
5	Great Staff, Great food, great selection of Beers and Alcohol. This could very easily become my second home.
4	We stopped here on saturday after dinner to catch up with some friends.  This bar is a no bullshit irish pub, it's not trying to be something it isn't.  They have all the beers you would expect an irish pub to have.  A sizeable bar, and ample seating.  Live entertainment singing old favorites from irish bands and old irish folk songs.  The only issue I had was as the night went on we couldn't hear ourselves talk as the music got progressively louder, but I suppose that's our own fault for going to an irish pub and sitting 10 feet from the stage..Not a bad establishment.
4	Despite driving by a million times, last Saturday was my first visit to Rosie's. Definitely a no BS establishment, which is what I love most. A place to sit, a good beer, an attentive waitress, and great company is all I need in life- Rosie's accommodated that perfectly.
4	This place is banging!A group of us from work decided to head here Friday night to celebrate something. What it was evades me, and probably isn't that important. What matters is we were able to take over the upstairs balcony, have good service and drink like we were back in college. The times I've eaten here before, it's always been very good. I did not eat last night; rather, I imbibed quite liberally. Three Guinnesses and two Irish Car Bombs later, I was pleasantly relaxed and had to kick it. I was glad I hadn't driven because parking is at a premium. That and the whole drinking and driving thing is so 1988. Buzzed walking is tubular!
5	Hey Abu what are you doing here?? Did you order my wings yet? What can I say about Rosie? Parking can be a pain, but after you park it's all good!Gotta love this ol'girl! The wings are all drummies, oh yeah baby mommy likes! They are cooked well done so they are crispy and the have some beer based hot sauce that kicks your taste buds into high gear. I love the kettle chips too. They have good drink specials and a full bar to choose from. I justlove this little pub last time I was here I think Leprechauns took me home. : P
4	Watch where you sit if you want to have a conversation. The barkeep will blast the music even if you complain it's so loud it's causing pain. The place also acoustically amplifies the already loud drunk customers. Noise aside, the food and service are great. The beer is just the right temperature, too. Delicious burgers, and Rosie is the best, addressing everyone as 'love."
5	i love this bar, it is very dear to my heart. My boyfriend and i went on our first date there a year and a half ago. We drank bushmills on the rocks from 4 untill 11. we just could not leave. perfect atmosphere and friendly staff.
5	I like to Rant.  I like to Rave.  I also like to revisit places that I deem "5 star worthy" to make SURE I hadn't made a mistake.  Occasionally, I'll revisit a failure JUST to see if they've cleaned up their act.  Well, with such an AWESOME first review I did on this place, I was BOUND to write a sequel. THIS, my friend, is just that.Before I even came in here, I was DEAD set on ordering the luscious fish and chips. Now, I've spent a few nights in England (1,460 to be exact), so I feel like I know authentic Fish n chips when I taste them. Alas, my wandering eyes made me forget all about them when I saw "Shepherd's Pie"... I've had some PRETTY bad Shepherd's Pies in my day so I figured "Lets give them a chance to measure up"Now, there is comfort food that will help you relax and take you deep away from everything stressful in your present day. Then, there is comfort food that will prop up your feet and suck on your toes while performing a deep massage just below your scapula. Rosie's Shepherd's Pie... was the latter.I can't place the spices they used in the ground beef stew, but it was genius.  Also, the consistency was MUCH better than traditional Shepherd's Pie.  It was more of a rouge like Chili (without the chili spicing)... It had carrots that were slightly sweet and peas that popped in your mouth releasing glorious green goo to mix with the hot beef and such on its way down to your belly. "Don't stop rubbing... keep working those toes..."Now we get to the potatoes on top.  They weren't overly ambitious.  By this, I mean they weren't ruined with too much garlic/butter/cream/etc... They had a GREAT natural potato taste with crispy, broiled cheese on top forming a wonderful pie crust-like seal of protection.  Except this seal was a guarantee... Guaranteeing you will stalk this dish in your dreams for the rest of your life.Yes, I revisited the water closet. Cleaner...The service was JUST as good as before if not better! Attentive, slightly humorous, and great attitude.I have come to decide that you can't go wrong at Rosie's... Plus free metaphorical food sex! Bonus!
5	This place seems to get better every time I visit. The first time was a Friday night out with the guys. We met up for dinner and I had (and loved) the pulled pork and sweet potato fries. After dinne we got our drink on with a live band. The waitress was helpful in getting us drunk off a variety of liquors. And the shots kept on coming! It was a blast. The second time was more laid back, just grabbing a beer with a girlfriend. It was a Tuesday and the place was pretty busy. The next time me and the girlfriend showed up completely wasted and they had an Irish band playing. It was a perfect way to end our night after clubbing at the gay bar! We had a baileys nightcap and everything went dark from there. Awesome night!
5	Most of my friends know, this place is my Cheers! The staff has always been wonderful - once they chatted it up with my mother about Irish music, that was years ago and she still talks about it. It does not take long for the staff to remember your name and introduce themselves to your guests - everyone is your friend at Rosie's! The food is also great - I really like the Sheppard's Pie!PS, they have Wi-Fi. A happy hour beer while finishing up some work - nothing could be better!
5	I absolutely LOVED this place!  I really like Irish food and Seamus and the Turf get old after a while, so after work we decided to try Rosie's and I am so glad that we did.  When we walked in we were greeted warmly by a full blooded Irish woman and her charming accent was absolutely adorable.  We asked about the TV channels they had and she seated us in a booth with a view of a TV and directed us to the bartender to ask for the channels.  Unlike pretty much every other place in the valley, they actually had the soccer channel and they put it on just for us!  5 stars for having that channel.  BTW, congrats to the Seattle Sounders, the new US Open Cup Champs!For dinner I ordered the shepherd's pie.  I've ordered that at pretty much every place that carries it, and I have to say that Rosie's has the best.  They put TONS of cheese on top and it stays nice and ooey gooey.  There was a perfect amount of mash to accompany the veggies and meat underneath.  It was really flavorful and savory.  Best of all, it was extremely comforting, exactly what I needed after a long day at work.Bottom line, I love this place and it is now my go-to Irish restaurant.  It's only too bad that it isn't within walking distance like a couple other places.
4	What an awesome place.  I am sorry that it took me so long to get here.  It is totally a 5-star place in a 2-star location.  If I could pick up the whole building and move it to that triangle lot on Central & Camelback, I would.  Having a pub THIS good SO far from the LRT is hard for me to handle.  Inside, it is pretty dank.  There are tvs and crap on the walls but the ceilings are low in some places and the wood is all dark.  Pretty much everything you want in a pub.  We happened to go during the US Open Cup Final match with my Sounders playing and, without any debate, they were happy to put it on the tv.  To tell you the number of times I have fought with the waitresses at the Turf in order to get a soccer match on would mean a review twice as long as this.  In any event, soccer on the tele, big points!I ordered the fish & chips because, well, I heard they were amazing.  Amazing? Probably not.  The fries were pretty plain but the fish was good.  The tartar sauce was pretty damn good too.  Will have to try something else next time.The beer selection is great and they actually have a cider on tap which is unheard of here in Phx.  Our waitress was this older woman with a thick Irish accent who I would swear owns the place.  She was so sweet and totally made us love the place even more.  A great place, without a doubt.  Can't wait to go back.
2	I'll start this mediocre review with the caveat that I went here on a Wednesday night for happy hour with some co-workers. Also, it was evidently training day, as our service was unusually slow, according to my drinking buddies who are regulars there. So take this with a giant grain of salt...First of all, the foam on the Guiness was thin. Inexcusable. If you're going to market yourself as an Irish pub, I expect the Guiness to be molasses thick with an impenetrable foam served just the other side of room temperature. They got the temp right, but nothing else. Also, my black and tan was thoroughly blended by the time it got to me thanks to some rough handling by the bartender/waitstaff.The band got off on the wrong foot by asking the largest group in the bar (aka us) to move so they could set up their stage monitors. Give. Me. A. Break. You're not playing the House of Blues, there are 30 people in the bar, and you have a crappie Mackie 8-channel mixer sitting on top of the 5-string fretless bass player's amp. I think you can get by without setting up your two giant floor monitors for this gig. And spare me the crappy Johnny Rotten soundcheck, too. I get it. It's an Irish bar (Johnny Rotten was from London, not Dublin you ass) not Wembley Arena.To make matters worse, they started off with an unspeakably lame cover of  Al Green's seminal soul masterpiece "Let's Stay Together" done as a solo piece by a guy who sounded like he learned to play guitar by listening to NPR.Saving graces: Boddington's was on point. I heard one of the funniest stories I've heard in a long time from James "Cool Whip" H (for those of you who are interested, take me out for a drink, and I'll tell you about the "Whip Test"). Wings were not bad.Probably my last time at Rosie's but I guess to be fair I should go back on a weekend or when the Fleetwood Mac cover band isn't playing, but seems unlikely at this point.
5	If you are ever in Phoenix, this is the place to go, a true authentic Irish Pub, with lots and lots of Irish items and such.  I had the Patrick's Irish Potato Skins and the corned beef and cabbage.  I must truly say I love every minute of it, slurping down with what, of course, Guinness.  The Barmaid was a treat, friendly and enjoyable to talk to.What I really liked was the fact the corned beef was easy enough to cut and was firm.  It was Delicious!!!!
3	Dive bar that happens to be Irish.  Plenty of people drinking light fizzy yellow beer with megadeath music playing loud overhead, and several video game machines that take quarters on the bar itself.  Sure, there's a few Irish sayings on the wall and they serve Guinness (though ours wasn't in the Guinness glasses that most Irish pubs seem to have).  Glasses weren't especially clean either as we could smell a cleaning chemical like aroma in the beer glass.  Parking was nearly full on a rainy Monday night so I fear what it would be on the weekend.  Doesn't have the same Irish vibe over at Seamus McCaffrey's.
4	Since I live in the east Valley and work in Central Phoenix, I need a few good watering holes to kill time while the traffic clears. Rosie's is one of those places that has a local watering hole feel. Plus they have good beer, good happy stuff and everyone in there from the bartenders to the people are cool.
5	Rosies makes me want to live downtown.  What a great place! It's cosy, comfortable and a great time.  The food is pretty authentic, and they have a nice, robust menu.  The beer selections are good, and the service has always been fast and friendly.  It might get a bit noisy at peak times, but it just seems to fit the atmosphere.  I would be a regular here if I was not always in the East Valley.
3	I had a good time here but I think that it was because of the company I was with.I was there on a Friday, right after work. The traffic on Camelback was a nightmare to get there and don't even think about parking in their lot. We parked in the residential area around the corner and walked it. Much better.The place was PACKED! We found refuge on their patio which was also the perfect place for our large party. Since its winter here, it would have been nice to have some heaters. It was BRRRRR!The service was good. Our server made sure she grabbed everyone's order and we had a HUGE group. I got drinks from the bar and the service there is a bit slow but that is expected on a busy Friday night.I also noticed a band setting up as we were leaving so I must return to check out some live music another time. I will post an update review of Rosie's when I go again. I didn't get the full experience in the short time I was there.
3	maybe it's not fair to compare other irish bars to mcnally's in the bay area, but this one just seemed to fall a bit short.the irish coffee was good, but not amazing. some of the booths looked quaintly authentic while other tables were oddly placed. though probably not the main draw of such an establishment, the tv's were subpar, and the local irish band was well-meaning, but a little yawn-inducing. the waitresses were nice though and switched out my friend's drink when she accidentally ordered the wrong one, so it gets some credit for that.
3	This place is near my house, so we tend to go there a lot.  They have a great irish band that plays some nights.  I really like this place for drinking, but I've eaten here a few times and the food is less than mediocre.  I also don't recommend this place for St. Patty's day.  We waited in line for about 30 minutes. Paid 20 bucks to get in, and had to wait about half an hour for drinks.  It wasn't worth it.
5	Love it! I heard they allow cigar smoking on the patio, so I decided to wait out the traffic over there this evening. I did not try the food--I'll write an update in a few days with that, but I had a beer and cigar and was blown away with how friendly the place is. The harried bartender actually smiled at me despite waiting on a ton of people, and while I was waiting on a beer a guy came up and started talking to me about the cigars in my front pocket. He introduced me to someone else, and before I knew it there were five of us standing out on the porch in the rain and cold weather chitchatting like we had known each other for years. I just had a beer, but it was an Imperial Pint of Smithwicks for $4--great happy hour price. The only negative I could find was the parking. It was tight. I just happened to get lucky and there was someone pulling out as I was pulling in. But some of the regulars pointed out some street parking in case I am not as lucky next time. Maybe I just caught them on a good night, but I will be back often if it is even half as friendly as this time. I wish I lived closer to the place. I have yet to find anyplace even close to this in Ahwatukee or Chandler. If you know of a place, PLEASE let me know.
4	First time to the Irish Pub, we went on a rainy friday night and actually found parking and a table, I think that's pretty uncommon for Rosies in a good way.  My drink was weak but the food was pretty good!  Our server was great, very patient and also since our eyes were bigger than our stomachs, warned us about the portions, that was very kind of her.  Very comfortable atmosphere and a great centrally located pub/restaurant.
4	I went on a Friday night after work with 3 of my girlfriends.  It was raining, cold, and we were HUNGRY!  Got a good spot right across from the front door, very surprised.  The parking lot was parked with cars.  Must be our lucky night!  Found a table on the other side of the bar, where the music was blasting.  It was still all good!  We ordered:  Rosie's Chili Con Quezo Dip, Patrick's Irish Potato Skins, Jimky's Famous Chicken Wings Mild, Quigley's Quesadilla, Rosie's "World Famous" Pulled Pork Sandwich, Corned Beef & Cabbage, & Sweet Potato Fries.  And of course drinks!!!  Yes, our eyes are bigger than our stomaches.  The waitress warn us that it is ALOT of food.The girls said the drinks were weak, but I only had ice tea.  All the food was great!  The service was wonderful.  She was very nice!  Loved the central location and the pub atmosphere!
3	02.05.10Stopped in for a drink in what we were hoping to be a bar hop.  Too bad we ran out of time before we got to hit all the bars.I've never tried the raspberry velvet [http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rW5N-fiNhqb-fR3bGqyPdg?select=bzp23ZITJ1nd2sGbj0Oflg].  I've never drank Guinness through a straw before, either.Guinness + Chambord = mighty tasty.
4	Is it wrong to love an establishment so much that when I walk into Rosies, I kiss the front door to let her know I'm there? This is another one on my 'fucking badass places' list. I love the vibe and friendliness of it. Great Irish beers and food. On Thursday, Friday, Saturdays, and Sundays they have live music. Oh and their St. Pattys Day celebration is amazing!I gave it 4/5 stars for two reasons. 1. It's on the smaller size of bars. 2. The Waters only play once or twice a month there. I know that has nothing against the bar its self, but having a big beer while hearing/seeing them play is delightful.
2	Unimpressed, sadly.We stopped in for a nightcap on a Friday night and it was fairly busy. Everyone was clustered in front around the live music, and there were empty seats in the back and up in the balcony. We tried up there first, and after wondering aloud for 5 minutes, "Do you think there is any service up here?" we decided the answer was no and hiked back down. We then had to head for the back, where it quickly became clear why no one was sitting back there: The whole area smells like a urinal cake owing to its proximity to the restrooms.A waitress came over and my associate asked about their Irish Whiskey selection. Safe question, no? Well, she looked horrified and proceeded to stumble through a list of 3 or 4 before admitting she didn't know the other ones. This is a place that advertises its Irish Whiskey... ho hum. My associate ordered one he recognized and I ordered a Guinness. We also ordered an "onion pile" to share. Sounds huge, right? Woot!I'm afraid the Guinness was the only thing that didn't disappoint. She brought something in a whiskey glass that definitely wasn't whiskey; my associate sent it back while she explained it was "on the ticket". She was really nice, and I felt bad for her, because she was clearly not trained on listing or, indeed, visually identifying whiskey. The onion pile was a scrappy collection reminiscent of Burger King. Aye.Maybe an off-nite for the place or the waitress or both, but I shan't be recommending it again.
2	My review is similar to Andy G.'s...My husband and I wanted to try this place for ever.  We always noticed from the outside it looks super busy so thought it might be a really cool place to hang and get some good drinks and food...   We decided to go on a Friday evening around 7pm.  We were super hungry and thought we need to finally go here.   We after fighting with traffic and trying to find a parking spot for a good half hour finally stepped foot into the place.  Right away the place was packed as soon as we walked in.  No wait service noticed we looked lost and attempted to help us find a spot to sit.  We roamed around for another good 15 minutes and decided to skip this place.   Finally when we were walking out the door someone noticed us and said they have room upstairs to sit.  By this time we were hungry and said that sounds good.  She escorts us up stairs and it's a tiny little empty space with two people up there.   All the action was downstairs and I felt really cut off from the whole vibe of the place being upstairs, the waitress took our drink orders then we waited, and waited.  It had to have been over 20 minutes before we got our beer.  During that time we looked over the menu and noticed it didn't have many choices. Not feeling impressed by this place, I didn't want to order a meal and have to wait another half hour or longer for food.   We took off.   I won't return, not worth the time it takes to #1 deal with the traffic, #2 find parking, #3 find a spot to sit and order, #4 get placed in the kiddy room on the second floor, oh and I didn't mention #5 horrible early 80's rock----(I like some 80"s rock, but this was the bad stuff)
4	My St. Patty's night ended here. I so wish I could give 1/2 stars. I wanna say 4.5. This place was almost close to perfect.An actual Irish guy (accent & all) drank with me. Need I say more?! That made my night. He was celebrating his b-day with another friend of his from South Africa. I asked him what he thought of our Irish pubs here in AZ. He said it wasn't too bad & that Rosie's was pretty close to the real deal. He then proceeded to point out good whiskeys they had. If the Irish guy likes Rosie's then so do I!This place was popping off when I showed up around 11. TONS of people. Of course they had their parking lot sectioned off too. Dear lord but there were a lot of cops around :(The pub felt close & cozy. Service was fast. Didn't see any girls running around in ridiculously short plaid skirts like at Finnegans though.Guinness was $6. Ugh lame! I got hooked up though. The bartender handed me a larger glass than other people's while winking at me. My new Irish drinking buddy ordered 3 Irish car bombs & if I remember correctly & it was $24.Don't ask me what the restroom was like. I don't remember it. I'm sure it was gross by the end of the night & I had to wait in line.This place was a hit. I'm curious to know what it's like here on a regular night.
4	Such a great hole in the wall, I always have good time at Rosie's. Staff is always great, multiple patios, and live music on weekends.
4	I enjoy Rosie's for the food and atmosphere, but really I like it here because many of my friends are here often.I have not had any of their entrees, but their appetizers are pretty tasty. I prefer the pretzel with cheese and mustard. The mustard is face-puckering good.The place starts getting pretty loud toward the end of happy hour, so conversation at that time is tenuous.They have a nice patio area, both downstairs and upstairs.The staff are usually pretty attentive, but there are exceptions.They have free wifi, and many of the booths on the east side of the restaurant have outlets, so it's a nice coworking environment, during the day time hours.I will return.
4	I'm 2 weeks new to Phoenix. I looked up Irish bars in town and found Rosie's. The decor and ambience was outstanding. I went there by myself on a Wednesday night in hopes of finding some friendly folks and that is exactly what happened. I ate dinner at the bar. Marcy was the bartender and she was very friendly and helpful and she introduced me to a whole bunch of people. For dinner I had a Rueben sandwich, which was pretty large and very good. I had a a small Rosie salad as my side and it did the job. I wish it was made with lettuce other than iceburg, but the bacon & eggs & other toppings helped a whole lot. I drank a nice, cold Smithwick's from the tap. Followed that up with 2 vodka tonics and my whole tab was under $25! The basketball game was on when I first got there. After the game, the jukebox was playing a fabulous mix of the best oldies. Around 10pm a live band played. I didn't catch much of their performance but I did notice that I really like the singer's voice and that's rare for me since I don't typically care for female vocalists.All the people I spoke to were super nice and very welcoming. I am sure I will see a bunch (or all) of them again and I look forward to that!
4	Friendly staff, great atmosphere, and adequate food.  Plus, cider and Guiness on tap!
4	The first few times I went to Rosie's I would have said it was just okay. But Rosie's has since grown on me exponentially. They have a great happy hour, a friendly staff and a vast selection of draught beers! I moved from Tempe to Phoenix and was kind of bummed that I would have to travel a good distance to get my favorite Four Peaks beers, but Rosie's has saved me that trip! It might be at a slight premium, but enjoying a delicious Hop Knot (or three!) and being able to walk home, is well worth it. If you're a person that likes a good crowd, live music, friendly service, decent food and great beer, you should definitely go to Rosie's!
4	This is in my 'hood, yo!  I come for the fish n chips.  Nothing more, nothing less.  I always have a great server and I can't remember her name but she has about 6 kids or something like that.My apartment building is close, so my neighbors also frequent Rosie's.  I seriously need to get there sometime for the music!
5	After my friends talked this place up over and over, I finally made it there for happy hour and was not disappointed. Not only did they have great happy hour specials and amazing food, they also had Tuaca (mmmmm). The nachos were the main objective and were to die for! Real melted cheese AND processed nacho cheese...oh mannnnn, so good. The chicken we added was also really well seasoned and along with the beans, salsa, and sour cream this was a truly winning combination. I also decided to try the pulled pork sliders and was glad I did! Seriously delicious pork on buttery toasted little buns with a great bbq sauce on the side...we'll order these again for sure.Friendly and helpful server, fabulous food and drinks (at great prices), fun ambiance...I will definitely be back to Rosie's and hope to see you there.
3	Every week I plan to make a trip across the street for a pint of Guinness. It doesn't always work out that way but when it does Rosie never lets me down. I always visit during happy hour around 4. They have it from 4-7pm. Its a dollar off on beers and half off on appetizers. My favorite are the potato wedges- they go brilliantly with a Guinness.  I'm not into the night-pub scene so I can only recommend the afternoons. Been there a few times at night and I wasn't really impressed with the dinner entrees- but its a pub so no stressin. I think they have live music most nights of the week. I hear a lot of bands over the weekends for sure since I live across the street.  So go for a late lunch and watch all the traffic on Camelback whilst you enjoy Ireland's finest.Cheers Phoenix.
4	Rosie's has become one of my go-to bars. It does get pretty loud on occasion, but if you go there during the weeknights, it's really chill. They have beers from 4 Peaks which I love, including my delicious Hop Knot. Their appetizers are exactly what you'd expect: huge, greasy, delicious, and making me feel guilty for days. Great drunk food, cool place, good beer...I'm definitely committed to this place.
2	A poor excuse of an "Irish" pub full of douchebags and bimbos.  No thank you.
2	I grudgingly returned after my first review at the behest of a good friend.  My previous review stands BUT I have to mention that this bar is full of ugly people.  Seriously, these are some homely patrons.  I can't go back because if this is an ugly person bar and I go to there then what does it say about me?
1	Do not get the fish and chips. It was bad. Did I say bad ... It was fucking terrible   ...and they didn't even compensate even though I only ate 3 bites.
4	Went tonight for a late dinner on a whim. Glad I did! The inside is really cozy and we had fast, excellent service even on a Saturday night. I got the meatloaf sandwich which was awesome - not just typical meatloaf but also with bacon and corned beef mixed in. Served with aged cheddar on sourdough with a side of mashed potatoes. Delicious with a Strongbow cider. An Irish-style band played that night too - live music is a plus. Will definitely be back.
4	I have a hard time differentiating Rosie from Seamus.  Well, one is in walking distance and one requires that I drive.  Their menus are essentially the same with Rosie being a little more Americanized and Seamus more Irish.  Rosie's claim to fame in my book is that they have Magner's on draft.  It's like Strongbow, but drier so it has less of a sweet bite.  The food here is pretty decent, but I usually come here for beers (or ciders, in my case) and food is an afterthought.  Happy Hour goes from 4 to 7 and you get a dollar off beers and 2 bucks off appetizers.  A pretty good deal.
3	Always crowded on Friday/Saturdays, always hard to find a place to park, always a good pour on Guinness, always friendly help, always loud inside, always a good enough time. I actually prefer Seamus' downtown, but Rosie's is good enough.
4	A group of friends met there the other evening for a happy hour. They were very accommodating. First and foremost, they allowed our group of 20 or so to have separate tabs, not all places are so nice. The server was attentive over the 5 hours we spent there. The atmosphere was great and all the ambience you would expect from an Irish pub.
5	Best Irish pub in town, hands down! Yes it is busy, if you want a fun time and some well poured Guiness this is the place. Awesome people watching! Great spirits!
4	Best Irish Bar in Phoenix, hands down.The fish and chips are fantastic as are most things on the menu.They're occasionally a bit slow, especially when they're busy.If you're in the mood for a pint and a plate, this is the place to go in Phoenix.
4	Average food and decent happy hour drink prices.  They have a new patio, but the parking can be difficult.  Come early for happy hour, because it get's packed on Friday!
3	Crappy parking.  Seriously, crappy parking.  Small lot, next to a car sales lot, you have to park in the neighborhood when things get busy.  That being said, you don't go there for the service, you go there for the fun.  For whatever reason, everytime a good group of folks go there, its like stepping into your own cheers.  The prices are average, the food is good, but the service is blah.  Somehow you don't care because you always have a good time listening to the tunes and having pints.
4	First time I had been there!   Ordered a few appetizers and both were great!  It has a great feel inside and I would definitely come back!
4	When I was little kid growing up...I would say to myself, "when I turn 21 I will have my first 'legal' drink there" Little did I know I would be having my first legal drink in another Irish pub 1400miles north of PHX, in a pub called Kells. I have always liked Irish pubs. Cant put my finger on why...Rosie was great because they are always a nice amount of people. Its relaxing and invigorating all at the same time. The smoldering mixture of the band and older middle aged patrons trying to find a little bit of fun they still can squeeze out. YA! thats going to be me one day....And like always, got to eat those fries...mmm sweet papas!R\_NOte: Bartender, I do one want to be a philanthropist but at this time I cant..so I will not pay for ever bodies tab...2x this has happen. Is the machine unable to separate tabs? curious.
2	There's not enough parking onsite for cars or butts on a Saturday night, but I'm willing to let that slide. We parked on a nearby street and managed to find a spot near our friends' table.Then, the fun began. I asked the waitress for a glass of Jameson on the rocks. She seemed stressed, and like she was juggling a million open tabs at the time, so I told her I'd pay in cash. I meant to make it easier on her.
4	Not totally surprised at some of the bad reviews (parking does suck)...this is the kind of a bar that might just not be for everyone but, I have never been disappointed here. We even bring the kids for dinner and have always had good service and good food. Fish and chips were great, as was the corned beef and cabbage! Good selection of beer and spirits. Overall, definitely worth a try or a return visit!
3	As a bone-fide Irishman, this seems like a pub you could come across in rural Ireland, which is appealing. Great place to go and hang out with friends when you just want to chill over a beer.That said, the "Irish" band playing were pretty awful, a mix of older and younger folks, definitely not beautiful people (which is not a big deal but just sharing), and the parking is limited.Would consider this over the tilted kilt for Paddy's Day but otherwise, been there, done that at this point. Oh, and the beers were ridiculously expensive, ouch! Does seem like Dublin Ireland after all.
3	My husband and I dined here this evening at about 7:30 for dinner. I had high hopes for this place. It looks fun from the outside. I was impressed when I read somewhere that Mr McCaffrey introduced Guinness to Phoenix. Since the owners are from Ireland, I was anticipating an authentic Irish experience here.Well, our first impression was, shall I say, odd. We walked in the main entrance and were greeted by...nobody. The place looked empty at first, and we wondered if we had come through the wrong door. We walked around trying to figure out where we were supposed to be, got funny looks from people at the bar, then returned from whence we came, only to discover a small sign instructing us to seat ourselves. Whoops!We chose a booth and wondered how anyone would know we were there. After a bit (maybe 5 minutes?) a very nice waitress greeted us saying "I didn't see you guys all the way over here!" She took our drink order (water - we're easy to please in that regard) and swiftly returned with our beverages. The swiftness did not continue, however.We probably sat there about 15 or 20 minutes waiting to give our waitress our orders. Mind you, the HUGE place was near empty. When she finally returned to us, she asked us if we were okay, and apologized, saying she had forgotten about us.The ambiance was nice and Irish-like. However, I will say that I wished they had chosen Irish music to play over the stereo, rather than assorted genres of 90s American music. Weird.Now onto the food. They didn't seem to have much on the menu that seemed very authentically Irish. Maybe the Irish don't have much variety in their food? At any rate, I had the corned beef and cabbage, and my other half had the shepherd's pie. Both were good, but not as good as I had hoped for. Fresh ingredients would have made a big difference. Also, it was disappointing that there was ground beef, not sheep, in the shepherd's pie.Overall, this place was just okay, and we both agreed that we wouldn't desire to return there.
2	I always hate giving bad reviews, but our service left quite a bit to be desired. I can normally dismiss such things, but it became evident that our bad service was not a fluke.We arrived around 10:00 and was told that food would only be served until 11. That wouldn't be a problem at all except that our waitress didn't return with menus until close to 10:30 and then returned to take our orders at only a few minutes before 11. The place had other patrons, but it certainly wasn't so busy as to take an hour to get our orders. Unfortunately, on each of our visits, the waitress was half listening and seemed easily confusedThe food itself was quite good. The Shepherd's pie was hot and tasty and the bloody marys were actually perfectly spiced. Neither was worth getting excited about, but they were certainly decent and reasonably priced. Considerably later in the evening, our waitress returned with the bill. There was one extra drink on the bill which no one ordered and she was perfectly friendly about saying she'd remove it, but we spent a good five minutes as she kept getting confused about our - apparently - very complicated instructions of "$20 on the credit card. The rest in cash" She continually read back excessively complex scenarios, and we kept asking her simply to put twenty on the card, that's all.When she returned, she had taken $20 of our cash towards the bill, charged $60 to the card and kept the remaining $55 in cash as a tip. That's just shy of a 75% tip she assigned herself. We spoke to the manager, who couldn't find her for some time, and when she showed up, she blamed us repeatedly. She finally refunded the card and brought us our new bill, with the extra drink.It wasn't worth arguing about at that point.The sad part is that everyone at my table, and our surrounding tables started telling similar tales from past visits. I guess this kind of service is not uncommon.
5	This place is as close to Ireland that you'll get here in Arizona... I mean this place is the real deal! Some of the bartenders are even Irish... or at least extremely good at faking the accent! I'm a bit disappointed in myself for waiting so long to check this place out, but I finally scored my first check in here on Saturday for the USA vs Mexico match! Walking in I was thrilled to see how rustic and authentic evertything was! Soccer and rugby jerseys, along with Jameson and Guiness signs covering the walls... I ordered a pint of guiness, a shot of bushmills, some chicken wings and felt right at home!The food was prepared very well and did not disappoint! I didn't try any of their "authentic" pub food, but the food I did have hit the spot! You can basically sit anywhere and see a tv, which will come in handy later this year when the English Premier League kicks off again (GO CHELSEA)
2	We planned a happy hour here this past Fri night.  I had heard good things so I was really looking forward to some fun with good friends and good beer.  Unfortunately, I was drastically disappointed.  The service was absolutely terrible.  The question of "What do you have on tap?" should not be a difficult one to answer.  Our server didnt feel like answering and instead pointed to the menus with attitude as if we were making her night miserable.  Strike One.Our group quickly turned from 4 to 8.  When we turned to our server to assist us in relocating to a larger table, she told us we could look around if we wanted to, but she didnt think it was possible to accomodate a party of 8.  We asked about the upstairs and she told us there was a private party and no room.   A friend of mine went up anyways, to see a perfectly open table with 8 lovely chairs.  He asked the private party, which was paying the check and getting ready to leave, if they minded we sit at the other table.  Of course, they didnt care at all and we moved ourselves.Strike Two.Despite the bad attitude and completely unaccomodating service, we managed to rack up quite a bill between all of us.  I waited tables for four years and consider it a given with such a large party and hefty bill to offer separate checks.  Before we could even ask, the SINGLE check was dropped with 18% Gratuity added to it.       Stike Three.The food was average at best.  I've had better Potato Skins at TGI Fridays.  Its a shame, because this place is a $5 cab ride from my home and I really wanted to like it.  I will make the drive to Rula Bula over this place any day.
5	This place is a local spot and has been for a long time. The atmosphere is great and the fish n chips are the best. Service is always great. The fish n chips are not battered too much and the are fried to a golden brown color. pretty amazing with sauce tatar.
3	"This is an Irish bar," was all they would tell me. "Do you have mojitos?" Waitress' response, "absolutely not, this is an Irish bar." Me,  "Can I get a margarita?" Response, "We just have your standard marg mix and tequila, after all, this is just an Irish bar." Oh, I see...Sometimes beer just isn't cold enough in freakin', steamin' hot Arizona and you just NEED a beverage with ice cubes. I ended up getting a "irish" drink, beer on tap... but I still NEEDED ice cubes. ICE- water please? Waitress was very reluctant to provide delicious ICE water it seemed.... But to give her the benefit of the doubt, it was Friday during happy hour and I was there with a group of about twelve and you don't get tipped much for serving water.BUT parking is also a mess (besides the lack of mojitos and margs).  Their dinky lil parking lot fills up super quick and thirsty patrons are left to their own devices to find parking on neighborhood side streets that won't tow their car. I was fortunate to find parking close by :)I did like this place because its a great place to socialize with friends... hopefully everyone in the group is kosher with drinking beer.
4	Rosie McCaffrey's The short: The best no-frills bar food I've had in a long time in a dim, but clean and cheery pub environment with decent service--a good addition to a list of dependable, casual standbys. The long: Rosie's located on the north side of Camelback and it really sticks out because it looks like a cute, two-story Irish pub dropped down between a couple of car dealerships. Every time we drive by on a weekend night, the place is lit up and packed to the gills with a line of cars waiting to get in to park, so I can attest from that that parking is a stinker during prime pub hours. We went on a Saturday afternoon, though, for lunch, and parking in their lot on the west side of the building was a breeze. The pub theme carried through inside, even more so, with dark-stained wood booths and trim everywhere. There were a couple of handfuls of patrons starting their bar tabs early, and as we progressed through our meal, more people came in to eat and drink. It was nice how all the wood sucked up the sound, so while the place filled up slowly but steadily, it never got very noise. The walls are covered with really cool art, including giant portraits depicting Irish heroes and influences like James Joyce. We snuck in through the west entrance and were at first confused as to where and how to get a table, but after we flagged down some help, we were told to sit anywhere and were brought a couple of menus after a short wait. We gave a drink order, and it took another short wait before someone came to take our food order. After that, service rolled along pretty well--our glasses were kept full and empty dishes were quickly picked up and taken away. We started with Rosie's chili con queso dip--queso with beef brisket, rotel tomatoes, chilies, and tortilla chip. The dip was brought in a little cauldron surrounded by tri-color chips. Some were stale, but most of them were fine. The dip started off a little runny and seemed to be all liquid cheese, but we could taste the yummy brisket, and after awhile, we found the few precious, tender meat chunks that were in there. All in all, it was pretty tasty, even if it wasn't uniform. My boyfriend had Rosie's Reuben with fries. The Reuben came with sauerkraut, Swiss cheese, and Thousand Island dressing. I was jealous when I tried it. I love a good Reuben, and Rosie's Reuben is solid--grilled-crisp bread, tender and succulent flavorful corned beef, not overdressed, gooey cheese that doesn't take over--so good. I had "Our Famous Best of Phoenix Harp Battered Fish-N-Chips," which came with coleslaw, sweet potato fries, and tartar sauce. I saw several awards Rosie's had won from rags like the New Times, so I figured I should go with those blaring recommendations. I'm happy I did! The fish was crunchy, but not overbattered and had a clean taste. Both the sweet potato fries and regular fries were great--they came crispy and stayed crispy through the whole meal.
2	Classic Irish Pub with particularly classic Irish pub food. Some of their menu is also inaccurate so ask before ordering. Pros: Good service (Bridget was very attentive), nice beer selection as one would expect from a pub like this, music was not too loud, food was fillingCons: The food may be filling but it was also blandThere is nothing particularly bad or good about this place. I am sure if I was a heavy drinker this would be a great place to have a pint. I went there for dinner and it was mediocre. $27 for 2 people including a Strongbow Cider so not terrible price either.It's the place you pass on Camelback Ave all the time wondering if you should go in there and have a drink, but you never do and keep driving.
1	Food is good.. Service is so so (to be expected on a Friday night...)The reason for the one star is the server delivered the incorrect bill for our table.  While the waitress corrected the bill she billed my credit card for both the correct and incorrect amounts!! My advice.. double check your dinner bill at this place..Message to management:  Take the beef ribs off your menu.  The multiple times I've been there you're always "out."
4	Rosie McCaffrey's is an Irish pub in Central Phoenix.Rosie's is a great bar and probably the best Irish pub I've ever been to. It's one of those places that has a fun vibe to it every time you're there. Everyone from the servers, bartenders, and patrons are very friendly, which makes for a good time. The food is pretty damn good as well, with Irish classics such as Fish & Chips, Corned Beef & Cabbage, and Shepherd's Pie. There are also other great things on the menu with my favorite being their pulled pork sandwich. The meatloaf sandwich, bbq pork sliders, and tuna melt are pretty good as well. Great bar, friendly service, and good food, gives Rosie McCaffrey's an above average rating of four stars.
4	I've been going to Rosie's for just over six years now.I'm not a drinker, but if I did... This is the place.I go there often, because I've never had a bad meal or a bad time.Very friendly and inviting atmosphere and reminds me alot of the Irish bars back in New York.Highly recommend them.
4	Rosie's is mine and my sister's go to beer place. It is conveniently close and just very cozy. I always get the Magner's Cider which is so damn delicious, and Wenesday's live performer is always so delightful to listen to.
4	Three words: Legit Irish pub.None of this nonsense where they place Guinness ads everywhere and make vague references to Dublin on some sign. But a great bar, with a wall of whiskey and the best British beers. Seriously, almost every whiskey I can think of is on their shelf, and all YOU have to do is decide if you're hardcore enough for straight shots or car bombs. With a coke, you say? Wuss.Anyways, I saw some people ordering food (I was just here to drink) and it looked pretty good. I'll be back!
5	A beautifully appointed establishment with a true feel of Irish Americana appointment. Much on the menu is note worthy, but I must first rave on the fish and chips. There is no better, and the company makes you feel like family. 4 stars!!!!
4	best reuben in phx!
4	I liked this place. We went on a Saturday evening and put down a couple of pints. I like mixed pints so I was happy to see Black and Tans and Bumblebees advertised in their menu. We ordered the specials of the day which were a steak sandwich and a sausage sandwich. I was going to order the meatloaf sandwich but the waitress gave the steak sandwich a higher rating and I have learned that you should always trust the wait staff's recommendations. The guy liked his sausage sandwich but I was weirded out by his fries. I asked him if he bit them in half and placed them back on his plate. He said he hadn't....they were just stubby as it had to have been the end of the batch? He still enjoyed them none the less and I think it was just I that had a problem with the fact that they were not esthetically pleasing. The steak sandwich was decent enough---not good enough to write home about but it got the job done. The waitress was very attentive, good customer service. They also had an Irish band playing starting around 9pm or so. Good band and some great classic songs.
5	Fish and chips are perfect, right down to the french fries and tartar sauce. Throw in a Guiness and you have a perfect meal.
3	Probably not my first choice of places to hit (I live fairly close and can probably count on one hand the number of times I've been here). The place tends to get a little too crowded for my taste and if you're not there for happy hour, the drink prices ain't exactly cheap.On the other hand, the atmosphere is fun and lively, the service is usually friendly enough and I love the new patio. I figure if you have some cash and the right crowd you probably could do worse.......you may have to park a few blocks down the street but at least you can walk some of the booze off when you call it a night.
4	If you're in the neighborhood, it's not full of skivers having a session. Service was friendly and ample. Food was good. Exactly the pub we needed to find. A chat with a local Barney, the jig my daughter ripped into was heart felt, live music, and a boxty that tastes like my dad made it.
4	Let me confess, I am a Pub Snob. Growing up in Canada in an area with heavy Scottish, Irish and British immigrant population and pair that with the fact that my husband IS British and we make a nightmare of a couple to try to impress with a "pub".We tried Rosie McCaffrey's out of sheer desperation for something to eat one night as neither of us could find anything in the fridge. As we pulled into the very busy parking lot around 730 we braced ourselves to be seriously disappointed. Heading inside we were relieved to see a warm, wood paneled dining area that was slightly separated from the bar area, this helped muffled the noise from the Happy Hour crowd that was still working on their final pints.A sweet friendly gal told us to grab a seat anywhere and she would be right back to take our drink orders. As we settled into a comfy wooden benched booth we both began to have a glimmer of hope. The draught menu contained Magners Cider which my hubby had not had since his last trip to England about 10 years ago and I settle on a bottle of local brew that was a mere $3.50! The drink specials were great and it wasn't even happy hour, and to top it off our waitress was prompt with the drinks, they were nicely chilled and she was about as sweet as pie.The menu was another pleasant surprise, it is fairly small but with some strong dishes. If you like Boxty, they make it up fresh everyday, and the stewed item is different everyday so please check with the server. We both ordered fish and chips and we were blown away. The server presented us with a large platter of fresh cut fries and one large fillet surrounded by crisp, golden, BEER batter. Yep real beer batter, they even tell you they use Harps in the batter. The fish inside was perfectly moist, and a nice thick cut. No thin fish, fried to fish leather here! The slaw served on the side was fresh, so fresh that the cabbage crunched, no wilted, mayo slather gunk at this joint! Most importantly the tartar sauce didn't taste like bottled, it was creamy with lots of pickle and the malt vinegar was already at tableside.For desert we tried the bread pudding with whiskey sauce. Moist and studded with plump rasins, drizzled with thick rich sauce. Absolutely delish! As we were digging into dinner, a live band started their set. The noise level was carefully controlled so that the band didn't drown out the conversations in the bar.Overall we left stuffed and extremely happy. I can say that we found a real pub here in Phoenix!
5	What a fun place! The vibe was totally chill, bartender had an accent. Our waitress was slightly over eager to cash us out so she could leave, but I'm willing to over look it because this place was so cool. Live music nightly too!
5	I have been here so far quite a few times and have not been disappointed yet. Great atmosphere, great food, great live music on fridays and saturdays. I have been here for both dinner and drink and for lunch and a beer. The atmosphere is always laid back and never really uncomfortable. Looking for a great irish pub experience here in phx, az.... Rosie McCaffrey's is your place for small and quaint. Enjoy.
3	After a friend had a bad experience here I never dared to venture in. But I recently moved nearby and was determined to get drunk somewhere so I took a cheap cab ride to Rosie McCaffrey's.Given it was during the week, the bar was pretty quiet. We got there around 10 or so and wanted to sit outside but it appeared they had washed down the patio area so all the seats were soaked - a little disappointing given it was still pretty early in the evening, but we shook it off and sat at the bar. I like the decor inside. Feels very Irish-countryside and there are a lot of little trinkets and things hanging on the walls for your eyes to wander over. There was a band playing that night - a charming acoustic duo singing Mumford & Sons and other folky covers. Definitely added to the ambiance. The bartender was okay - not incredibly friendly or fast (even though we were like 1 of 3 groups in the place that night). The cocktails were extremely weak and watery but they have a great selection of beers and from the looks of the menu a pretty good happy hour. We didn't really try the food - we only had fried munchies (onion rings, fries, and mozzarella sticks) but they were tasty. Tasted beer-battered and the breading on the mozzarella sticks was not the typical crumby breading but a thin, crispy one. A little overpriced but nothing to be sore about.I'd give this place another shot - sounds like it'd be a whole different atmosphere on a Friday or Saturday night.
4	Decent food and good service. Nice ambience as well.
4	they have the best corn beef and cabbage. Awesome karaoke on Tuesday nights.
2	I just never know if it's because of my high expectations of what I think this place should or could be or if it's actually the quality of the whole experience but for whatever reason's it never seems to meet my expectations because of it's limitations but I feel most of the staff does a great job it's just that it never seems to all come together.......... Plus the beer isn't cold enough.... Til next time
5	LOVE this place....the atmosphere, drinks and food.  Sam is God's gift to bartenders, hands down.  Rosie's is a gem in the rough in the Camelback corridor.
4	Great pub with a geniune celtic feel. Like any good irishman I like space to roam around - this place has it with ample space and seating (upstairs and downstairs patio). The beers here are great, selection is great, as is the live irish music. One of these days I'd like to bring my fiddle and opt in for an irish jam session. Waiting staff was friendly and quick with food and drinks. Last time I was in about a week ago, there was a fight on the entrance patio one guy got a broken nose, the other a bloodly leg from a bottle cut. The cops were called and broke the whole thing up. Everyone else on the patio just hanging out, watching - entertainment, I guess. It was a good night though. I'll be back again.
2	It was a lot better. Food and service have declined over the years. Still one of the best Irish pubs in terms of atmosphere... but don't expect much more than that. I can't even bring coworkers from out of town there anymore...
5	Rosie McCaffrey's is my favorite Irish pub, nay my favorite bar of all time! I can always find a seat at the bar and I can always find decent people to converse with. Bartenders are super nice and friendly. As far as the food goes I can't say too much, I've only ever really had the wings and they are sufficient. I mainly go for the vibe and to relax with a nice ale. Love going on Friday or Saturday nights because the bands are always top notch and everyone always seems to be having a good time.Honestly, I've had quite a few experiences here in 6 years. Met some amazing people. Exchanged some numbers. Had deep introspective conversations with close friends and strangers. It's always been a great time and isn't that what it's all about? I can't recommend this place enough. Give it a chance and if you're disappointed you're  probably just a sad hollow shell of a human being.
5	Good food, great happy hour, live music...  love rosies!
3	3-4 stars. This is a fine Irish bar. I would return, however I wish the female server would have picked up her game a bit. The prices were acceptable and the atmosphere classic. The food was nothing to write home about, but it was traditional Irish fare.
3	Came for St. Paddy's and had a blast. It was the day before so it wasn't too insane. We had some drinks and hung out and that was fun but the food wasn't super impressive.My review is more based on the food than the atmosphere and drinks - I would definitely go back because its a great spot but I would stick to the general bar food that you can't really muck up. I had the pulled pork sliders and the meat was bland. It was supposed to come with some cold slaw on top of them, but there were about 3 strands of slaw on each slider. My boyfriend had the reuben and said it was pretty good but I didn't try it. Over all the place is cool and I will be back but limit myself on the food part.
4	Rosie's has a great atmosphere, friendly staff,good music, fun locals, and a good selection of ice cold brews. I always have a fun time at Rosie's. As a vegetarian I have only had a so-so experience with their food. French fries and cheese sticks are all standard, formerly frozen dive bar food. My husband does like their Irish food selection, however.
4	The tricky thing about living in my neighborhood is that there are so many quality places (quality in my mind and according to Yelp pretty quality as well) that it's easy to get stuck going to the same places when I go out.  Rosie's is pretty much right down the street from me but Monday was the first time I'd gone in for forever. Me and a girlfriend of mine sat up at the bar as the place was in that in between time where it was just after lunch but not quite happy hour aka dead.  I ordered a black velvet with the bald bartender whose name I didn't get but who was very friendly. Unlike some of the cocktails I've ordered, it's beer and cider so it's straight forward and was delicious on that warm day.  I love all the wood and interesting details put into this place; definitely doesn't feel like it's a bar that belongs on a busy street like Camelback. I ordered the Pastrami Reuben that they'd just added to the menu and wasn't disappointed in the slightest.  The grease eased a hang over from the night before and the meat was prepared just right.  They went easy on the 1000 Island but the pretzel bun that it came on was delicious! The fries were cooked just right. I will definitely make it a point to return sooner as the weather is perfect right now & I love me a good Irish bar!
4	You would think one of the higher rated Irish bars would be able to handle the crowd the night before St Patricks Day. You'd be wrong.  Standing room only and they only have 2 people behind the bar! So not every table gets good service.  I tried standing by the bar but just got ignored.  If you are not at a booth or the. Ar you're out of luck.  It is up to you to flag down a waitress.  After that she checked on us regularly.The bar was very crowded as usual for a Saturday night and we were sitting in a location where we got bumped quite a bit but luckily nobody spilled beer on us.  One guy fell into me  one time and later the same guy was pushed on into me. Despite that we had a very good time. The band was really good and I definitely would go back.  We did not try the food.
2	I gather most Pubs would look like this.  I enjoy my dives dingy, dark, and dink, but this place has a lot of room to fill.  Maybe in case you need to lay down somewhere after a few drinks haha!  I'm sure on a good St. Patty's day this place would totally rock and pop!  On a regular weekend night it's pretty quiet except with the live band which was playing.  They weren't too bad actually and I rather enjoyed some of the covers they played.I was tad bit thrown off regarding the parking since it's not the best in the world, but oh well.  Funny cause it's literally next a sales lot.  There are a lot smokers on the patio and front door area, which for me doesn't feel inviting.  I hate to walk past a haze of good o nicotine for a few drinks; cause I can't get enough 2nd hand smoke on a daily basis!  I'm probably being to critical.  Sorry smokers don't mean to offend.  Overall the drinks came fast, but my Gimlet was definitely not fresh squeezed lemon and lime.  Right out of the bottle I'm sure so it was extra sweet and tangy - Zip!  In the end, I think I'll wait til St. Patty's to return if anything - Enjoy!
1	Can a place be judged by one appetizer - I say yes. Do not order their Potato cakes or Potato pellets (can't recall official name, but it's on the App menu). Yes, I knew these things were going to be deep fried, but how lazy is the freakin kitchen in this place? They dump these frozen crappy things into a fryer and serve it up with good ole' ranch to cover the taste. Do I now have to ask specifically about everything on every menu to make sure I'm not getting ripped off - apparently yes. The menu description says potatoes and green chiles and other spices rolled together, etc. How hard is it to take some of your fresh mashed stuff, roll it up , etc and deep fry it? Nah, these guys aren't interested in serving quality food, so we get a cowdung sized pellet filled with fake potatoes and having no taste. Pathetic.   Happy Hour drinks are a joke as well. They were only $2.75 for well drinks, but the 2 drinks I had and the 2 drinks she had were all water, no booze.  Plus, the blonde bartender had no clue how to change the TV stations. It was funny watching her try to change channel old school style on the set. The manager rescued her later with the remote..lol.
1	Never again will we go here. We are fairly sure we got FOOD POISONING from eating here. A friend of ours insisted we had to go for the fish and chips: place was pretty empty when we arrived, and we were told to seat ourselves. The appetizers were pretty good- pizza mozzarella sticks. I don't like fried fish, so I had a chicken sandwich, which had mayo. My husband had the fried fish, as well as coleslaw(made with mayo), which no one else in our party ate. 2-4 hours later, we both started feeling quite ill- agonizingly painful stomach cramps, nausea, and several other symptoms I won't go into here. The symptoms lasted for 4 days. Bottom line, avoid anything with mayo.We certainly will not return.
4	Just went yesterday. had a great time. love the decor. and the food was great.
4	I've only been here on St.Paddy's.  On a day like that, an irish bar can be a huge cluster.  We have actually tried some out on the west side that do the whole tent and stage thing, and it was a disaster.McCaffrey's pulls it off nicely.This will be our new tradition.Sure, getting a beer isn't as easy a normal day would be, but those bartenders busted balls to get to everyone at their bar.  They had a tent running full swing as well.  The lines were kept pretty short and I was able to keep my glass full which is what's important in life.I recommend sitting on the patio if you can swing it.  Great people watching.  We had a lot of fun, and while there was a cover it wasn't completely ridiculous, and since they had thier crap together it was worth it!
4	The band was a ridiculous amount of fun but the drinks were a little more than I thought they should have been. I guess I needed to get drunker. :)
2	Serves up some pretty typical pub food. Bland is as good a description for the food as it gets. The onion rings are bland, the burgers are bland, the bbq is bland, the fries are bland.... you get the idea. Nice patio, drink prices are ok. Service is so so.
3	Good Reuben's and Shepherd's Pie.  Lots of tvs to catch a sports game.
1	Yesterday, (16 June 2013) my son visited Rosie McCaffrey's. He ordered a hamburger and a small pitcher of beer. When he attempted to pay, his debit card was declined. He asked me to go by and take care of the bill. Upon my arrival, (16 June 2013, 1800hrs.) I spoke with bartender "Sam" who refused to take my debit card stating she had paid cash out of her pocket. She was unable to explain why she couldn't use my card and take cash from the register. I told her I'd write her a check then because I had no cash. She refused a check!! Eventually, Sam told me there was an ATM outside. I obtained cash from the ATM and returned to pay the bill of $14.08. Then, Sam refused to give me a receipt for the $20.00 I gave her ($14.08 plus tip). At the end of our visit she gave me my son's debit card and driver's license without even knowing who I was!!! Needless to say, no one in our family will be visiting Rosie McCaffrey's again.
4	AMAZING mozzarella sticks!!!!!!
4	The Fish N Chips are excellent
2	Wow, what a letdown!  All the great reviews and I was expecting fish and chips on par with Tim Finnegans or Fibber Magees.  The fish was over-cooked, in fact, EVERYTHING was over-cooked.  The french fries were like shoe-string stones!!Rosie and Seamus, you need to inspect your cooks, they're asleep at the wheel!
3	It's ok, and the prices are ok. But the only things that I have consistently liked here are the Irish Car Bombs, the giant pretzels(...mmmm sodiyummy...(sodium + yummy...you know?) and beer-cheesy!) and the servers are more-or-less on the ball 100% of the time.Anywho, I know they've been going through a couple of staffing issues with their cook(s) so I will refrain from being too bummed out on the food...PLUS it was a Monday night so I'll give 'em the benefit of the doubt. We ordered the Foley's Sampler, the chicken fingers were AWESOME, the wings were really decent too, but I could've done without ANY of the rest of it. Next time I'll see about ordering some traditional Irish fare and make a real assessment. Yes, I'll be back. But I'm not making any other excuses for y'all, dammit.
4	I love Rosie's... it's definitely the go-to Irish pub. I like its central location, atmosphere, prices, music, drink selection, staff, and best of all their outdoor patio.
5	Fish and chips and corned beef and cabbage top rate!!!  My first time here, definitely not my last.  Corned beef had not a fleck of fat.  Delicious.  Even the cabbage was very flavorful!  Nice casual atmosphere, not really a dive.  Pub with authentic background music at perfect volume.  Waitress very attentive and knowledgeable of menu.  Appreciated her recommendations very much! We'll be back!!
2	Loud music. More bar than resturant. Shepard pie had large portion and great taste. Food fair priced. Service slow and not responsive. Server appeared more interested in bar customers than table customers.
4	Big fan of this place. The snakebite is my go-to drink! The fish & chips are fabulous. I'd definitely recommend ordering at the bar though. The bartenders are usually friendlier than the wait staff.
3	This bar has great atmosphere, but the food is so-so. They had some staffing changes and the menu changed drastically, much to the chagrin of a lot of people I know who go there. Apparently, they are working to get the menu back to the way it was, but I'm finding that their food isn't that good. I eat fish & chips and shepherd's pie there and have found that Tim Finnegan's has much better food.
5	RIG was awesome. Great live music, great crowd and my favorite Irish ale. What else can a guy ask for. Just a good ole party bar with the neighborhood crowd.
3	I'm a fan.  Not the best place for drink specials or a good price on a beer, so that would prevent me from making this a regular spot, but I'll be back here and there.  It's got a nice place and feel inside, but the bottom line is the $, and that is what gives it a 3*.  For the mark up on alcohol...come on man, do you value your customers or not?
1	this review is for the Blonde bartender: Dont plan on her remembering who you are even if you come in frequently. my main gripe is: Happy hour actually starts 5-10 minutes PAST 4pm and Ends a good 10 minutes BEFORE 7pm. I know this cuz Blonde charged full draft price on my first drink when I sat down at 3:59 (seriously, thats what my cell phone time said). Also, another visit, I show up at 6:50, still get charged full price.so lets review, a few minutes of difference, and you end up spending about $9-15 more depending on how many pints you order...I mean, that could have been decent tip money for her. I'll continue to go, however, if she keeps pulling this shit, I'll just stop tipping her completely
4	I do like Rosie's and thank god they got some decent bartenders in there on Saturday night now. The two beeyotches who worked there forever and never cracked a smile needed to go! Much better! The waitresses are always sweet. Some great bands (like RIG) play at Rosie's. The crowd is usually pretty friendly....it is everything you would expect from a neighborhood Irish pub...
5	Great authentic Irish Pub not a chain just a real Irish Pub, Great food, music and people.  This is a sure thing to bring out of town guests, family and to celebrate your life. Great memories here for sure.
4	The most football-friendly bar I've been to in Phoenix. (And by football I mean soccer). They recognize that the USA vs Mexico is an event worthy of audible commentary, while still accommodating those few who have an interest in Venezuela vs. Peru! Well done! Throw in a good happy hour; host a Celtic supporters club; add a plethora of Irish knickknacks; and you've got a good recipe for a proper pub.
4	Had an excellent experience here today.  The fish fillet in the fish and chips was clean, white fish and delicious.  No dark chunks or grisly pieces.  Also had the pastrami reuben on a pretzel roll which was great.  I don't give five stars unless absolutely flawless but I'd give a solid 4.5Kathleen was a phenomenal server and extremely pleasant!  It is a nice change of pace to the usual establishments as of late. I would definitely recommend this place to friend.  If you are looking for a darker, east-coast style decor and friendly bartenders/servers, give it a try.
4	Family friendlyTasty corned beef mac and cheeseThe beer somehow tastes better here!We love Seamus McCaffrey's, and Rosie's is the perfect family-friendly compliment. Though the shepherd's pie is not as satisfying, the potato skins are good, the corned beef mac and cheese is tasty, and the beer just...mmm.
4	I have been going to Rosies for a few years now. Definitely a solid little bar with decent food, good service, and fun music. Just a really good place to chill and have a couple beers.Pros: - Quick service- Good beers on tap- Good customer service- lots of seatingCons- Insanely loud when bands are playing- food- older crowd- never attractive women
2	My last visit to RM was one of the most unpleasant experiences I've had at a local venue. I brought a group of friends from out of town to grab some drinks. We were greeted at the front door by an odor that smelled like raw sewage. To get away from it we migrated to the stage-end of the bar which was empty but the live music was obnoxiously loud. So we continued to the unheated patio area where we were immediately greeted by two local transients who asked us for cigarettes. We don't smoke and told them so. We grabbed a table and were happy to be seated and clear of the hazards. Right then an RM staff member entered the patio area and politely asked the transient fellows to move on. They came to an agreement that if he provided them both with cigarettes, they would leave. Guess who the Staff member came over to ask? Seriously. We said no again.A waiter then came out and took drink orders but informed our 23 year-old Chinese friend in a very cold and apathetic tone that she would not be able to order alcoholic beverages at RM since they would not, out of preference, recognize either of her 2 forms of identification from China. Our friend was confused since she had ordered drinks at several venues in town before without issue. There was no explanation provided. We apologized to our friend and ensured her that this is not how most venues in the United States treat visitors. About 10 minutes after drinks were served we were asked to leave the pub since it was 10 pm and our 23 year-old friend could not prove she was 21. She apologized to the group emphatically for causing a scene. We felt horribly for her and for the fact that our waiter took and placed our orders minutes before she knew we would be asked to leave.
1	Leaving to go to George and dragon...have been sittin at booth for half hour and no waitress in sight. Sigh...
4	Great Irish Bar.  Nice Irish music played over the sound system.  The decor is perfect and felt like a true Irish bar.  Nice tap choices, and all kinds of whiskey and scotch choices.  I did not eat here myself but saw others order food and the food looked great.  Nice atmosphere and neat sunset setting for an evening cocktail.
4	One of my favorite if not my favorite Irish bar in Phoenix!  I've been to Rosie's several times and never had a bad experience here.  I just wish I lived closer to here!  We recently came for a Guinness this past Saturday night.  Had a band playing on stage and we grabbed a seat at the bar.  Had quick service, but I would bet that was because there really wasn't that many people here.  But I've been here when it was so packed I could barley move.We ended up going up to the top level, didn't know but we crashed a private party, but everyone was very cool and ended up having good conversation with total strangers.  Had a lot of fun finishing my Guinness while up on the upstairs patio and a great Feb Phx night.  Overall I would recommend Rosie's to anyone in Phoenix that is looking for an authentic Irish bar experience.
5	The meatloaf sandwich is astounding.  Not a bad little Irish bar, but some of the food is incredible.
3	I went there for the first time last night for beers after a long weekend and our waitress was simply not attentive. She seemed rushed and didn't even smile. She forgot my beer and didn't offer to split up a six person tab. Luckily the chicken wings and beer made up for the awful service. Classic Irish Pub!We also got to sit right next to Rosie!
5	One of my favorite pubs in downtown. I love the patio on a cool night. Drinks are stiff and it's an overall easy relaxed environment. Great for a date drink or with friends. Also, try the pub pretzel. Un. Real.
3	For an Irish pub in a not very vegan oriented area, I was pleasantly surprised to find they had a veggie burger (after some research). Unfortunately, when we got there I wanted to double check with the waitress if it was vegan a.k.a. does it have egg in the patty mix? She said she didn't know.. and stood there waiting. I guess asking the kitchen was out of the question. I went ahead and ordered it anyway since there was nothing else I could eat, and I'm still not sure if it had egg, but I doubt it. Wishful thinking? If we do go back, I think I will call them and ask. Their beers were typical Irish styles with not much else to boot. On the plus side they were playing the High Kings, which made the husband and me happy, and the pub itself was easy on the eyes. I enjoyed the collage work on the walls.
2	Good selection of ales on tap.  I really like the atmosphere and decor (for a pub-style place).  Two main issues on our most recent visit.First, our waitress was not friendly in the least - she was clearly having a bad afternoon.  Second, we were on the outdoor patio and had two different individuals hit us up for cash.  I personally had to chase the first one off because he wouldn't leave us alone.  The second panhandler was very belligerent.  It wasn't until I was in the middle of yelling at him that a staff member from inside came out to assist.
1	Horrible service... Ordered a drink that did not taste correct, sent it back and was still charge for the full price of the drink.  I was told there was nothing wrong on there and and I was still liable for the drink even though they dumped it in the sink.  I will never be back at this establishment and I wish them luck...
5	Had the fish and chips today, one word, delicious! Shared an order with my 5 years old son and we devoured it! Almost got another order but now I regret it. It's like I keep thinking about it...(missed connections!!?).
1	I've been to plenty of great Irish pubs, hole in the walls and classier ones, but I was less than impressed with this one. My boyfriend and I just moved to this part of phoenix and have been pleased with the excellent selection of restaurants and shops. We were driving around this past Saturday thinking about lunch, spotted Rosie's and decided to give it a go. Upon entering we asked if we could sit outside and the less than enthused waitress stated it was open seating.  Once outside we sat at a table that appeared to have not been cleaned off in quite some time, as there were cigarette ashes and condiment stains covering the top. It was 1130am so no excuse for it to be that dirty. The girl who took our order was the same waitress we encountered at the door. No personality and not a smile to be seen.  We started with the pizza egg rolls. Interesting concept, but a little too greasy. My boyfriend had the pulled pork sandwich and I had the cold meatloaf sandwich. Both were mediocre at best. The pulled pork was dry like it had been sitting under a heat lamp. The meatloaf was bland and was covered with so many carmelized onions it looked completely unappetizing upon opening up the sandwich. All in all with the sandwiches, the appetizer and my hard cider, it came to $35, pretty steep for a lunch that was disappointing. We won't be back for food anytime soon, maybe a drink or two to check out any live music. But hopefully the next server will have some personality to spare.
4	Definitely a LEGIT trush irish pub. Been to that bar a few times and everytime I had nothing negative to say about Rosie's. Really great selection of draft beers which is  always a plus in any bar I plan on visiting. My only issue is being a west valley guy, it can be a little bit of a drive to the central phoenix area. My advice for anyone coming the west valley or anywhere else were this could be a little out of their way, defintely designate a DD!So my first experience of Rosie's came from a  very good friend told me about this Irish pub not too long ago, and since then this family-operated establishment has been one of my new favorite bars. The atmosphere is dim lit, not too loud, and equipped with several TVs for anyone that wants to watch a european soccer game. I spent the last St. Patrick's day @ Rosie's and had a blast!!!! Cover charge was no shocker, but still reasonable, and absolutely justifiable if you have ever been there before. Every corner of the whole place was filled with live music, great people, and of course good irish whiskey! Both indoor and outdoor bands were playing all types of music. I reccomend anyone in the area to visit Rosie McCaffrey's, but just be on the lookout that parking cansometimes be a pain, so keep an eye out for a n empty spot!
4	I had the pastrami reuben, it was super delicious. The Nachos are definitely a must have as well!  It has a great atmosphere and the service was perfect! Can't wait to go again!
4	I love this place! It is a true Irish bar with a true Irish feeling inside. Everything from the music, items on the wall, set up of the restaurant, and drinks scream Ireland. Since I was only there for a morning beer this time, I can't say anything about the food but the Guinness' hit the spot.
4	I went back here last weekend and realized I have never reviewed one of my fave hot wing spots. It's a nice Irish bar, it seems to be hurting lately for some reason. I noticed they do Groupon now. Good time to check it out. We had corned beef n cabbage and of course, their FREAKING HOT WINGS. I had forgotten just how hot they are. The average hot wing eater should choose medium. They are supposedly marinated in Guinness. I don't know about that. But the hot sauce is thick and flavorful, really dark and hot. Perfect thing to burn your face off with after you get tanked on beer. I have had Shepherds Pie here, sandwiches, never anything that wasn't good. I noticed they were understaffed last week.  So services was so-so. But they have a solid staff that hasn't changed much in years and people are always having fun at the large horseshoe shaped bar. I have had a few interesting times here, usually something weird going on around you to listen in on. If that's your thing. I have never gotten out cheap but never broke either, I wish I still lived close by so I could go more often. Used to be my weekly run, not so now.
4	A true Irish Pub - you just might meet Rosie herself. Great ambience - like being in Ireland. Fish & chips are perfect - like being in Ireland. Irish stew is great - like being in Ireland. And the Guinness - not quite like Ireland, but it's as close as you get in the U.S. (nothing tops the Guinness you get in Ireland!!) Limited wine selection which was a disappointment for those of us who are not beer drinkers (I know, I know - Irish pubs aren't supposed to be known by their selection of fine wine!) Something on the menu for everyone; live music on the weekend.
5	Really like this place. I used to work in the area and it was a great place to get lunch or hit up happy hour. The Shepherd's Pie is great! All the food is good. They also serve Guinness the "right way" true pour I guess it's called. Great band nights, and great overall atmosphere.
5	Amazing, NICOLE AND AMANDA are great.  The food is out of this world and the desserts are amazing.  THE PUB BURGER IS $5.95 with fries and the burger is real beef, get it on a toasted RYE, to die for.THIS IS NOT FOR KIDS, but, come here for the ambiance and the GREAT IRISH EYES FEELING.
5	The shepherds pie is amazing!  Accompanied by great service and Irish music playing the whole time!Can't say enough about the people and the quality of food and service.
5	Just to follow up - Rosie's is a favorite spot for me and my friends.  And again, Samantha rules!!!
5	The service was fast and friendly, and the food was all delicious. I've been here before for drinks, but this was my first lunch time experience and it was great. I would come here to eat again.
3	Laid back, music on point (not live), good atmosphere, tasty beer blends, attentive waiters...  Regulars that randomly yell got kinda annoying but a good place to catch up with friends.If they keep those fuckers off the guitar and mic then this place would be better.
5	LOVE this place!!  was just in there this week for a Guinness and a reuben.  the reuben was loaded with corned beef and sauerkraut and nice and hot.
1	My friend and I went to this bar for the first time last night. We ordered our beers from the bar but wanted to order an appetizer so a gal with long a very long blonde pony tail politely found us a booth and gave us menus and said our waitress would be right with us. After 30 minutes went by...we got to the point where we were waving our arms in the air because it appeared that none of the employees saw us. FINALLY we caught the attention of a girl with shorter black hair. We told her we had waited half an hour, and instead of replying politely she got defensive "If you already have a beer, I assume you have been taken care of. How am I supposed to know that you wanted to order food?!" ...hence the menus in our hands. Anyways we order and wait an additional 15-20 minutes to share a quesadilla...once it was ready she threw it on the table as well as our check and took off. I haven't received this poor of service in a long time. We left the waitress a 0.01 tip...maybe next time she will leave her attitude at home. Adding to this! As we're leaving the bar, the crazy shorter black haired waitress followed us to our car!!! We jumped in and took off. Who knows what she would have done. DONT GO HERE!
4	I've been a patron of Rosie McCaffrey's for years, it didn't help that I used to live across the street. Needless to say, I have been here quite often and have never had a bad meal. They used to have live music on the weekends (not sure about now) and it was a fantastic time for St. Paddy's day every year with lines down the street so get there early.Seating can be a bit cramped when they are super busy, but I love the look and feel of the establishment. Its a staple in Phoenix and a "must visit" in my opinion.
4	The atmosphere was authentic and fun! The drinks were Irish and famous! Fun server and interesting crowd. I will be back!
4	Tasty food, friendly staff, fun atmosphere to watch soccer. The lamb stew, wings, and pastrami reuben were all deeelish. Be forewarned, the hot wings are no joke.
5	Our first dinner at Rosies.. My daughter had the shepherds pie, my mum and I had the lamb n Guinness stew.. We sat ourselves and I went and snagged some menus and poured over them.The shepherds pie was quite large, well seasoned and delicious.The lamb stew was also a generous portion and served with traditional soda bread.The lamb was tender and the stew well seasoned.The biggest draw back was the bread.. not fresh unfortunately.. That would have made it a perfect meal from Ireland. All in all the service was good, the staff was friendly and the food was the closest to the real thing in the phoenix metro area.Five stars, well done..
5	Really  great food. I enjoy "pub food". Been here twice. Tried the Irish Mac & Cheese, Irish potato skins, and also the fish and chip/ Pricing seem pretty good and enjoyed the food. Both times I was with good company and didn't pay attention to wait time, but didn't seem so bad.
4	My empty plate should be proof enough of my enjoyment of this establishments food.. Always good food and friendly staff. We eat here about every other week and have never had an unpleasant experience.I do agree with some comments on yelp when it comes to the soda bread. If they improved that they'd gain the 5th star.
3	My friend and I sat down and immediately was approached by the waitress for the drink order.  Nice, but she brought out the coffee and asked what we wanted.  We had the menu still sitting unopened.   She never told us about the lunch special or what was the soup of the day.  I had to ask her.  We asked her for a minute.  Hum, the minute turned into minutes & we had to flag her down.  I had the cup of soup and side salad.  The pea soup was maybe a little warm and the salad had wilted leaves I had to pull off and throw away on a napkin. I left more than half my salad on the plate.  My friend had fish and chips.   The fish was very big, but kind of mushy.  The fries were not very good at all.   An Irish pub should have excellent fries.  I tried to comment on my salad, but the waitress was not eager to listen.  She never asked us if we wanted separate checks, and we did.   She brought the combined check, never commented on the large amount of salad leaves sitting on the table and had no attention to detail.  Our experience could have been better if the waitress had some basic training.  I'll probably go back, because I am Irish and love an Irish place for lunch, but will not return if the lack of training comes out again in the service.
4	The food is awesome!!! Particularly the hot wings and the traditional beef stew. Great place to hang out with friends. We were there for 5 hours.. There was live music playing inside - kinda loud & doesn't allow for good conversations, so we sat outside as the weather was good that night. Had such a good time. Glad we found it.. Will certainly go again.
