4	So glad this place came downtown, went to their "soft opening" and the food was great just like the 40th st location... This is def going to be the new spot for football season i heard they were going to introduce bottomless mimosas if this is true ill be changing my rating to 5 stars
4	I'm really glad that this place opened up since it's so close to where I work. I now have another place I can stop in for a drink on my way home.I popped in today for their soft opening for a hangover lunch. Their menu is pretty much the same as the other two Vigs so you can count on decent but not remarkable food. I've always gone to The Vig for the atmosphere over the food anyway so my expectations were met.Today I have The Trifecta which is three sliders with fries. I washed this down with a Deschutes Mirror Pond Pale Ale-totally hit the spot but I'm not and never will be a fan of pretzel buns. Although this is an appetizer it is very filling.They've done a great job with the space. The bar and dining area are smaller than the other two locations but there is a second, atrium-like dinning room. The Patio is the true jewel of this location with a really nice outdoor bar and ample seating. It's going to be GREAT when winter comes.What I was most impressed with was the service. Even though they've not officially opened everyone seems to have it together. One reason I don't go to The Vig Uptown is the attitude of some of the servers. Most of the servers here were very friendly and enthusiastic. My bartender Ashley was friendly  and, knowing that I was hurting, made sure that my water glass was full.So I don't know that I'll come in when I'm hungry but I look forward to coming in when I'm thirsty. Like I said, I can't wait to hang on the patio when it cools off.
1	My boyfriend and I were excited to try the new Vig and stopped in on Saturday night.  The atmosphere was awesome and they really did an amazing job remodeling the previous space.  The outdoor patio area is fantastic and I would love to enjoy it more as the nice weather is approaching.  However, we will never be back, due to the terribly poor service we received.  We started with a couple of appetizers, including Ceviche.  Our server never checked back with us after dropping off the appetizers, so we flagged down another staff member and requested some additional tortilla chips for our Ceviche.  And then the waiting game started.  In the meantime, our server dropped off our meals and said the chips would be out shortly.  Someone eventually brought us some chips, and at that time, we asked for additional tortillas for our fish tacos, as they only come with three tiny tortillas, about the size of a half dollar.  Well, the tortillas never came, and our server never checked on us again.  We eventually had to flag her down, after our half eaten food got cold, to ask for the check.  I would understand slow service if it had been extremely busy that night, but it wasn't.  We were blatantly ignored by our server and got no apology.  In fact, it was almost as if we were a nuisance to her.  And, by the way, the food is mediocre, at best.  There are way too many other great places to eat downtown to give this place another chance.
3	So the food is "the vig food"... very good!  The problem with this location (hopefully) is that it just opened.  The service was not very good.  What this place needs is a couple months to work out the kinks... then it will probably be as good as the others.  Now I see why the ratings are lower at this place.
4	Looks like another successful entry to the Vig family.  The location is great (right next to Cibo downtown).  As in the other vigs, there is a bocce court.  With cooler temperatures you are fine on the patio.  I suspect eventually they will enclose the patio entirely.  The place is small with respect to inside dining, and the bar looks exactly like the one on uptown.Food is Vig food.  i.e. if you're a fan you'll like it.  Nothing offensive.  Have the cheddar filled tator tots with jalapeno cream, which was good but there was no kick.  Had a southwestern salad and a prime rib sandwich.  The shoestring fries are tasty (flavored with smoked paprika).  I liked the fact that the sandwich was served on pretzel bread.  they could probably serve shoe leather on pretzel bread and I'd like it.  The Southwestern salad was good and inoffensive.Overall, will be back. Not destination dining, but I'm not sure that's what they cared about.  It's just nice to have another downtown patio hangout.  The cocktails by the way look revamped and might end up giving sidebar a run for its money.I did not have any server issues and was fortunate that things were pretty smooth.
5	Great neighborhood feel and great atmosphere. Indoor space is reminiscent of other Vig locations but has a great spin in the downtown Phoenix feel.
3	In one word: blah. Mediocre $$ food, inattentive service, weird setup, no decor.Food was a huge disappointment actually. Maybe it was an off night and will improve. Yet in addition to other 'blah' areas, this new downtown wannabe-hotspot won't be quickly revisited. Looking back on my visit, based on the decor alone, this restaurant could have been anything anywhere in the valley. Interior was nice (it is NEW, after all), but very lackluster and scarce in personable decorations (read: none). Most memorable dining establishments have that extra touch- Blue Hound has interesting chairs and blue dog statues, Hulas has screen with old films and a star-shaped window, Postinos has wine racks and pictures on the wall. Heck, even Chipotle has wall art. The setup is odd. Most space is reserved for the outdoor bar. This would work well in California, not middle of Phoenix. Arizona room has noise and sunshine issue (transparent window shades aren't helpful). The inner bar room is pitch dark. Talk about identity crisis!Worst yet was inattentive service from pretty-boy server... We get it, you're handsome, now can you please be present so my party doesn't need to flag you down?!
4	Brought my sister and her fiance here for dinner on a Sunday night.  We got here just as the NFL watchers were heading home so alot of space was opening up.  Nice adaptive reuse of this property.  With the weather finally cooling down outside we decided to grab one of the picnic tables near the entrance.  Its shaded pretty well and you get a nice view of the whole courtyard area.  Like all Vigs there's a lawnball court out back.  There's also a nice outdoor bar right in the middle of the courtyard with TVs facing all four directions.  I didn't go inside to the lounge area, but it looked pretty cool from where we were.The food is pretty standard Vig fare.  Some surprises, but mostly reliable Vig standbys.  For an appetizer we split the soy garlic edamame dish.  My sister and her fiance are health nuts so this played right into their wheelhouse.  For the main dish I got the Hot Chick which is basically a chicken sandwich with pesto and mozzerella.  Good, clean, flavor and got fries on the side.  My sister got the same thing and her fiance got a chicken salad.  The service we got was pretty adequate, though our server got a little disorganized with our orders.  They're fairly new so I know they're still working out the kinks.  Overall, the menu won't wow you.  But what they do have, they do right.  The atmosphere is really cool and will make for a great nighttime hangout now with the weather improving.  And if you're just coming for drinks after a dinner next door at Cibo, this place will do the trick.Add yet another great addition to downtown's exploding culinary scene.
4	I'm a local to Roosevelt Row and when I heard that the Vig was opening up a location down the street from my house, I was super excited. Being a huge fan of the other Vig locations, I knew that this new one wouldn't disappoint. And what do you know? I. Was. Right. The vibe is very chill and relaxed with low lighting both inside and outside. I've checked out the inside, but only sat outside so far because the weather is starting to feel like fall here in the valley. It has almost like a rustic vibe with these dark wood tones but then they incorporated metal and clean lines in their design for a modern touch. They have crisp green grass outside, which is always great in Phoenix, and it fits the Roosevelt Row feel by being an old home converted into the restaurant. Tons of trees hover around you and it's just a really neat, cozy, yet open space. While we waited for a table, we were approached by a waiter right away to help us with drinks. Our actual waiter was also very helpful, fast to introduce himself and take care of us, and overall really great. The food is similar to the other Vig locations and it's just as delicious. We went on a Monday night for $5 burgers which is a ridiculous deal. The burgers are huge, you get your choice of fries, sweet potato fries, or both, and it's all for just $5 friggin bucks!!! I really had a great time with my friends here - we enjoyed an awesome meal, good drinks, amazing service, and a great atmosphere. Definitely check it out!!!
3	Cool space with a great patio. They show many of the games and have nice cold beer. Food is just ok. But the vig  isn't really a place for a nice dinner. Go for a nice cold brew and sit back and relax.
4	This place feels special - all tucked away in a beautiful old school downtown phoenix neighborhood. Walking up it feels upscale but not stuffy - very comfy and the outside layout is super chill and nice. There happy hr is awesome and very affordable - i had the pinot Grigio and  the hummus offered for happy hr - it was 4 bucks and huge! Mom had the fish tacos and thought they were very nice - perfect way to kick off first fridays before the walk:))) our server Brooks was knowledgable and super friendly! They offer complimentary valet which is sooooo convenient. I will deff be back @the vig - its a downtown must do spot :)))
5	Love this new location of the Vig...amazing indoor and outdoor space!  Friendly bartenders, great drink selection and amazing patio.I came back again a few days later because I couldn't wait to sit out on the patio...we scored the best table next to the outdoor fireplace.  The hummus and edamame were huge portions, reasonably priced at happy hour and very tasty!  The specialty cocktails are amazing too...can't wait to come back again and try some more!
5	Delicious food, refreshing cocktails & amazing atmosphere. By far one of the best patios around especially with this cooler weather..
5	Best Vig! Great service and the food is always good. I really like what they did to the place and its nice to sit out in the patio and enjoy a bottle of wine! A must.
4	Awesome appetizers and cocktails and great service. They even let us split our check nine ways.
5	After a couple rough experiences at other Vig locations, the Vig Fillmore is a much better experience. Good food, good service and a good atmosphere brings it all together.  We'll be back!
2	Had a business lunch there today, and definitely will not be returning for the food. I heard whispers about town that the food at this Vig was going to be better than their other locations. So, I was excited to give this one a shot, as I have totally given up on their other locations for anything other than drinks, and light snacks.The outside eating area and bar are just perfect for the fall weather. The design is simple, cohesive, friendly & warm. The praise stops there.We ordered chips & guac. The chips tasted like they were fried in old oil, and the guac had a flavor that certainly wasn't guac-licious... more on the verge of going bad. One person joining us had the deconstructed tacos, which she barely touched, as the fish was more like fish jerky, and the side of beans totally tasteless. I shared the "best turkey sandwich" with someone, and had high expectations with a name like that. It was a soggy mess of flavors. None of the ingredients stuck out, and it quickly fell apart after the first bite. Nothing was exceptional. Sort of bummed by the experience, but at least it will be a fun place to grab a beer on a lovely fall evening.
2	This place is gorgeous & I think the remodel is outstanding! Unfortunately tho, it would have a lovely feel if the crowd wasn't so weak. WTH do these people come from...? On our way home from a wedding, my friends & I thought it would be great to peep out & get into some late night bocce ball because it's right here in our neighborhood...right? Nope,Totally wrong.The crowd was everything but fun. I mean seriously...after our first round of Bocce, a small group arrived & decided it would be ok to hang out on the green, then had the audacity to tell us we were being rude b/c we threw the ball in their direction "aggressively." Ha- It was so absurd the lack of etiquette combined with attitude refusing to step off the green & antagonizing a fight with us to top it off. I had to get security.  Bocce balls were about to go though some heads. I don't know, but maybe installing a fence along the green near the bar may help guide immature bar crowd to stay on the patio...?Considering the selection of restaurants & bars in this area, It would be safe to say I most likely will not be returning. I mean for reals...the Vig is known for having a Bocce court. These people were beat.
5	I've been to the other locations and this one is by far my favorite..it's in a converted craftsman house so it has the feel of having dinner at a friend's place.  Huge patio..food is always excellent.  I've tried a lot of there apps..on this nite I had the pad thai..normally I'm leary of having a traditional ethnic dish anywhere mainstream but their's was really good! It had a smokey flavor to it.  I don't normally eat leftovers but this one made for a great lunch the next day.  I have a feeling this place will get crowded as soon as people know there's a downtown location!
4	Been to every Vig and this is my favorite of them. I like the outdoor bar (probably cause of the previous restaurant Local Breeze and hanging in the same area.) The food is good, I just always feel like it's a bit pricey for what I get for the quality/size. I was sad they didn't have gluten-free buns here though like other Vigs, but maybe cause I was there opening week? The waitress we had near the inside bar was friendly and willing to check on GF items for me :] always nice when you don't get a "i don't know" and blank stare.And...I love that the bartender knew how to make the perfect AMF! Kudos.
2	Had never been. Really wanted to like it, but the service was so slow and the food just mediocre that there is no way I can give this place more than 2 stars. Very disappointed.
4	I love this old building and especially the outdoor bar area.  Plus it's close to work and has a great happy hour.  Last week, I went there with Linda W. and Ginger O. for my b-day dinner (last minute). They have great happy hour deals and so it's best to have the Vig on your social feeds so you can see what they are, because I always forget!  It's pretty much the same menu as the other Vigs in town.  On Mondays, I found out that the burgers are less than usual, so I got the burger with an egg, bacon, cheese on it.  It was awesome and I split it with Ginger because it was so big.  Our waiter overheard Linda saying it was my birthday, and without asking they made me a homemade brownie cake with ice cream on top.  It was awesome and thank you for the treat! I will have to try out their brunch later on this Fall/Winter.  So glad the Vig made its way to the downtown neighborhood.
5	Stopped by for lunch on a gloomy Tuesday and the place was pretty empty (think we caught the end of the lunch crowd). To begin with, this place is hard to find. If you knew the previous establishments that were here, you will be just fine, but if you don't- make sure you have your google maps app out! The decor is beautiful, inside and out. We chose to sit inside, and you just don't feel like you are in Phoenix. Everything was orderly and clean, and it was just beautiful. Did I mention that it was beautiful? Good.Got to chatting with the bartender and manager, both of whom's names I have forgotten. Sorry! However, they both were very, very nice. The bartender made us some delicious Moscow Mules (THANK YOU for putting bitters in them!!), and we ordered the veggie burger and hummus to share. They split our burger for us, which was very gracious of them. The food was delicious, delicious, delicious. It may have been all of the mayo and cheese on the veggie burger that made it so tasty, but who really cares. The burger itself was perfect! The manager filled us in a bit on some neighborhood problems, and to that I say- THRIVE ON Vig Fillmore, thrive on!! The neighborhood needs you, and they will come to love you!
5	The BEST veggie burger I've ever had in the last 15 years of being vegetarian!   Ooh and the french fries come with this seasoning not unlike bbq potato chips, which ruled.  Staff was very friendly, love the neighborhood and the building.
5	Pallet, Local Breeze, and now The Vig Fillmore.  I hope it is a done deal.  I always loved their open spacious patio.  I arrived for a birthday dinner.  They have an amazing Happy Hour so took advantage of that. The $5 flatbread pizza with goat cheese was so delicious.
5	Okay so I've been coming to this VIG location even before it "officially" opened.  I will say that I have never been to another location. So i'm just basing my experience on this location and this location only. I am a bit spoiled because I live in walking distance as well. The patio is amazing, during the beautiful weather days this is THE spot downtown to be. At night they have heaters both the propane and electric ceiling units mounted above the bar/patio for chilly days/nights. The service for me has always been on point. Very quick, timely, polite, and never lacking when it comes to a drink refill or a suggestion (food or drinks) also great at informing specials. Monday nights they do $5 burgers, which are cooked to ones liking, i prefer mine med rare.....YUMMY. Beers are usually around 3-4 dollars depending, can't beat it. Cheaper on one of their many special nights. Weekends they do brunch and their brunch is amazing, I've had a burrito here with a bloody and it was sooooo good, I walked home and took a nap. Damn thing put me to sleep. Sundays they have half off wine bottles and bottomless mimosas ($15) from 11-2.Basically if you are downtown, this is THE place to stop in. Enjoy
3	I was underwhelmed by my experience at The Vig Fillmore. It might have been that we were seated inside instead of on the awesome patio. It might have been that the menu is one of the worst I have seen (Pad Thai and Burgers? Mexican food and Edamame?). It might be their apparent love affair with American cheese, or as I call it, plastic. (Why not use cheddar?) Sorry to say it, but based on their current menu, I most likely will not return. I wish them all the best and hope they create a better menu.
5	I think I only have two check ins here. Whatever... I have declared this location my favourite of all the vig locations. Some of the same staff as uptown, which I like. I can be sitting at the bar solo or with someone and the staff really treat you well. Making conversation on anything under the sun. Which is what one would like when sitting at the bar. If I'm at a table, leave me alone. They have a really decent selection of craft beers on tap. I would love to have a way to know what's on rotation. In particular of all locations I love the outdoor bar here. This place used to be the local breeze and sitting out at the bar at the vig here brings back fond memories of hangover recovery Bloody Mary brunches.The Vig Filmore is also going to be my pre Crescent Ballroom stop from here on out. I'm a fan!
5	The Vig is still pretty cool. I usually go to The Vig on 40th street but I was excited to hear that The Vig had opened much closer to my home. I rode bikes there with my girlfriend a couple days ago. Our experience was pretty good. I would say the difference between this Vig and the 40th street location is the demographic. There is definitely a younger and more hip vibe at this location. The service is FAR better at this location as well. Pros- great food- decent prices- great customer service- cool atmosphere and vibeCons- I didn't care for the hostess (acted like a square)
4	Atmosphere - period.  The Vig menu is well known due to the popularity of other locations & I am sure this Vig has the usual reliability.Historic setting with a sense of depth - checkVery tasteful outdoor seating without a "parking lot view" nor horrifically close to 6 lanes of mayhem - checkBonafide outdoor bar with "skyline" views - checkDiverse clientele - checkSo - if you are from the east, enjoy "bars" & want the benefits of AZ living...
4	Great patio to hang out at when it's not too cold out. And even if it is cold, they have plenty of heat lamps.  Most of my stars are for the atmosphere alone. Very hip/trendy without being pretentious. It's easier to find parking here than at other places downtown. The food menu is a weird mix of everything with so-so execution. None of the appetizers we ordered were particularly rave-worthy. Reasonable prices on beer and wine. Service is friendly when they're around. We did have to wave servers down a few times throughout the night. Come for happy hour of half-off wine bottles on Sunday.
5	I love this place! While I was sad to see Local Breeze go, I love with Fig (what I lovingly refer to it as) has done with the place! The atmosphere is great, staff is all super friendly, and I love the menu! I somehow always end up getting the ceviche with a side of tortillas, BAM, ceviche tacos! Nachos are tasty, all of their sandwiches too. Good selection of beer on tap. Wine is 50% off on Sunday too!
1	Reluctantly returned to the Fillmore Vig for a mandatory office Christmas party.  The service was better this time being in a large group, but the food was severely lacking.  Our "spread" consisted of a fruit tray resembling something you could pick up at Costco, bland hummus and cold pita bread, and something I believe was intended to be sandwiches but really they were just 5 inch thick buttered buns cut in half with something unrecognizable slapped in between.  Again, very bland.  I have yet to figure out what everyone loves about the Vig.  There were heat lamps out on the patio so scorchingly hot I thought my flesh was melting off of my face standing 2 feet away.  The only positive thing I can say is that the wine/drinks were decent.
5	This location has a great patio.  The food is the same as all the Vigs. It is hard to get away from the smoke though. If you sit at the bar, have Chris wait on you. He is actually attentive. Not so much for the female.
3	I'm not crazy about the food here, but there's a great (huge!) patio and I would go for a cocktail or glass of wine anytime :)
5	I'm new to the valley but I somehow always end up here, highly intoxicated, after a long night of drinking before last call. I love the patio (there are heaters everywhereeeeee) and can't quite remember what the inside is like; but from what I do remember, the staff is awesome. Rad neighborhood spot for sure.
4	While I'm not impressed with the updates they made to the building itself (an old house that Local Breeze - former inhabitants - kept looking awesome), the vibe is still pretty chill and there's lots of outdoor space. The inside space is not so bueno. I typically ride my bike here, but my most recent trip was via light rail stop at Roosevelt with one of my most favorite people in the world... and it wasn't too bad of a walk through some older/cute neighborhoods. The food here has been great every time I've been. I've had several items on the menu and each has been well executed and brought out in a timely fashion. This last trip I had the Best Turkey sandwich and I'd definitely get that again. I typically get their salads and all of them are YUMMY! Clientele is typical of DT PHX for the most part, although in the later brunching hours it seems to change a bit - into a younger/hungover crowd. But there's plenty of outdoor space to be off in your own corner enjoying our awesome PHX weather year-round.
5	The new Vig in downtown on Fillmore is a cute little restaurant. I really enjoy sitting outside on the patio. Everything on the happy hour menu is amazing and my favorite drink is now the Moreland Marg- it has habanero infused tequila in it and wow it is spicy, but good at the same time.  One of this day I will come back and try out the rest of the menu.
4	Best new downtown joint for sure. This place is great for all sessions. The brunch is delicious. Lunch and dinner are on point. The patio is amazing. I am curious to see what it is going to be like in the dead of summer. Might be a bit too hot to hangout there unless they have a nice misting system with some large swamp coolers hanging out. This place is our first go to for going out on a Friday or Saturday night. Great vibe and atmosphere.
1	Make sure you've eaten your meal before you go!I love the newish Downtown Phx vibe. The redone Public Market, Cibo's, etc. When we wanted to go out for a bite last weekend, we ended up at Vig. My sis-in-law had been to another Vig's with good reviews. What could possibly go wrong? I ordered nachos to share which arrived in an enormous platter -- everything oozing and really beans shouldn't ooze. Note to restaurant, just 'cause it's massive does not make it good. My brother, the meat lover, ordered sliders which he declared inedible. Something about the gristle. My s-i-l had French Dip which was more like little leftover pieces of meat-- from the bone?- squished on a roll. Verdict, not worth the calories. We all liked the sweet potato fries, the ones that weren't drenched in oil anyway. The outdoor seating looked nice.
5	The burgers are tastey, the sweet potato fries are spectacular, and the sauce that comes with them is unlike anything else. Highly recommended item. Also, the outdoor patio is big and beautiful, and provides a nice play area for the kid(s) while the adults dine/hang out, with items provided for different outdoor games. Friendly staff and a comfortable setting make it the perfect place for family and friends to get together.
4	A lovely patio with yummy cocktails that just scream "DAY DRINK WITH ME"?Yes, please!Chips and guac and salsa appetizer to munch on while imbibing?Yes, please - and damn yummy salsa.I enjoyed this place as Local Breeze - I had a nice brunch when it was Palette. The current incarnation, as the Vig, feels the most likely to succeed. At least I hope it does.I've been to Vig Uptown many times, and the menu seems to be just as varied and good at this location - but more than anything...the patio is just plain fantastic!
5	Every experience here so far has been positive.  Except, maybe, for how easy it is for me to run my bill up sky high on drinks and food over the course of an hour or two -- because I want all the foods and drinks!This place is comfortable, laid-back, and the bar has TVs on all four sides, so if you're looking for a chill spot to watch the football games, etc...this works (although fills up fast).And the TATOR TOTS...omg.  Yum!
5	The best of uptown and Arcadia Vigs. It has awesome indoor, indoor/outdoor and outdoor areas. I love the turkey cranberry sandwich. Great HH or lunch spot. Great location right next to Cibo.
3	I was disappointed. Stopped in with some friends on a Monday night for dinner. Had the $5 burger special with sweet potato fries.I don't know if they were understaffed or slammed but service was slow. Our server was really nice when we saw him but it took forever to order and/or receive anything.For $5, it was a great burger. Would I want to pay $12? No... But the sweet potato fries were great (as were the regular fries).Seating is very nice, and the heat lamps definitely keep you warm. I wouldn't mind coming back.
5	This place has it all. Great food, atmosphere, beer and service. Our server/ bartender Erika was great. Sat at a table with a buddy and my 1 year old son and she was awesome. Will be back soon! Thanks Vig!
4	First time to the Vig it's was a great day to sit in the awesome patio and listen to some live music. The staff was very friendly and service was good on a semi busy Sunday. With all that said the kicker was that the food was great for brunch bottomless mimosas for the wife great drinks for me. I am coming back next time in am in the downtown area!
5	I really like the Vig.  I do.  I just dig it.  I have yet to sit inside because thier patio is just such a relaxing space.  I love the way they have converted this old house, you feel like you are hanging out in some rich kids backyard.Plus, brunch on weekends is a real deal.  Their bloody mary bar can suffice as all the breakfast you need with all the bacon and pickled vegetables.  But then you wouldn't want to miss out on the menu items, would you?
4	Food was really good and the atmosphere was relaxed and nice. Services was good but a little edgy, which wasn't a bad thing.
5	This is one of my favorite regular spots. The Willow Wisp (their version of a key lime pie martini) is absolutely amazing! If you need something a little stronger ask Tony at the bar to whip you up a gummy bear shot. The Thai chili wings are a must!! I recently gave up meat so I'm sticking to the tater tots or nachos for now but that's ok since those options don't disappoint either.
4	I came here with a group of ten for their Novem-beer event.  I was nicely impressed with their customer service.  Our table on the patio was all set up when we arrived.  And they surrounded the area with heaters, so even though it was a cold and drizzly day, everyone felt pretty comfortable.The Novem-beer event itself was fun, a good value for what you paid because you got to sample a lot of drinks.  Plus, they were supposed to punch your card every time you got a sample, but lots of times they didn't punch my card, so if I had wanted to, I could've gotten way more than ten samples (but I didn't.... I'm a light weight).The service got slower when it got really packed, but we were fine with waiting since we were there to hang out and chat anyway.Like the other Vig location, their food doesn't super impress me, but it's good enough to come back again.
5	I was a first timer here and what can I say"I loved it." The first time I was here, it was for my birthday which was a month ago. Why I chose to write a review right now is because I'm still pretty new to the yelp thing. And I feel that I should help those in need to find a great place for a great evening... The service here is great, they are always on their toes(refills, order, etc...). Very nice staff. The place gives off a very positive vibe. This place is great for dinner parties and social gatherings. The food is amazing, I had this one place that contains salmon, I can't remember the name, but I will post a picture. All I know is that I was very delicious. Our waiter was beyond amazing. He surprisingly asked us if we had room for dessert and we asked for a menus, and before we new it, he arrived with a large brownie dessert with ice cream on it for my birthday. Because of him, I believe I supported my thoughts about This place. -positive vibe-great staff-food and dessert AMAZINGI HIGHLY recommend this place to anyone.
4	I have a new favorite patio in Phoenix. The Vig Fillmore is it. It screams "day-drink here!" or "Brunch/Sunday Funday!" or "I love Phoenix in February"!Surrounded by a nice looking, large wood fence, landscaped neatly with fake grass and small bushes and plants, newly-planted trees and surrounded by large established trees, it's an urban oasis that I wish was my own back yard. Like others have said - I can't say I've ever sat inside - because I love being outside so much.The patio boasts a large covered bar in the middle, complete with TVs for your game-viewing pleasure. As well, there is an area for cornhole and some large Adirondack chairs to lounge in and enjoy the day. To make things even better - they have a great happy hour from 4-6pm. There is chips & Guac, wings, and my favorite - 3 sliders on pretzel buns with fries for $5 each. The sliders are fairly large and I end up taking a box to go each time. The fries are amazing - seasoned, shoestring - cripsy but soft. A Kiltlifter will run you $3.50. Not a bad deal for dinner and a beer. Brunch - is the best. On the weekends - they offer a bottomless mimosa option for $15. I like the Encanto Enchiladas so much, I have yet to stray from them at brunch. Anything with crema and tomatillos on it sounds amazing to me.  For dinner the Deconstructed Fish Tacos are a nice healthy option - a big chunk of Mahi Mahi and amazing beans on the side. I also like the Cavness House Salad - which is like a Cobb salad with a few extras. My biggest complaint about this place is the parking. It sucks. They do offer a complimentary valet in the back between Cibo and here - but for some reason I'm valet-averse and would rather just park on my own. The good news is the meters are off by 5. The bad news is - you still probably can't find a space. And driving west on Fillmore makes drive around a very large block to get back. So beware. Overall, I really love this place and would definitely recommend it.
5	So I already love The Vigs Arcadia and uptown locations, so I knew I was into the concept and the menu. Add in some cool cocktails - Melinda's Alley, do it - and amazing ambiance (dt phx, corn hole, huge patio, guys playing guitars), and The Vig Fillmore May be my new favorite Vig!Side note: for those who remember, this is the old Palate location.
1	I was here a few weekends ago for the second or third time, and I'm always unimpressed with the staff and especially with the food, but the audacity of one bartender made me promise myself to never return.The bartender was speaking pretty loudly to his friend about a girl sitting across the way with her friends. Publicly discussing her body (and I kid you not) saying "too much back fat" and "maybe the front is better." DIRECTLY. IN. FRONT. OF. ME. A woman, a customer, having to listen to this putrid sludge. Great job, you've hired some gems.
4	Really happy this has come to downtown phoenix. It's nice to have a place where you can bike ride to that has such a great atmosphere. It's also dangerous in that you sit down for lunch and next thing you know the sun is setting. It's just too hard to leave the patio. I've enjoyed everything I've had to eat. I also appreciate the events they are putting on.
4	Absolutely awesome neighborhood venue.  Good beers, tasty eats.  The real treat is the patio and above all the staff.   I'm here pretty often, and they're great.  If you like the other Vigs you already know, if not come find out for yourself.  See you there.
4	Awesome place for a leisurely meal.  Price is a little steep but very impressive and tasty.
5	Awesome place to hangout and have drinks during the day, after work...hell pretty much anytime of the say. The food is amazing and the bartenders definitely know what they're doing. I just discovered this place a few weeks ago and it has been my go to after a long day at work or a relaxing Saturday. The set up is really nice, to turn a house into a full functioning bar and restaurant is pretty awesome. Different from what I'm used to with Old Town bars and restaurants, a good different. This will be a spot I visit frequently!
2	I have endured endless requests to prebooze (Crescent Ballroom is a short stumble away) and/or dine here by friends. From this day forward, I will refuse to. If possible, I will navigate their thirst or hunger in direction of any other surrounding restaurants. Vig is the new kid in town. It's (blandly) remodeled but wants you to think it's hip and those heavy-prices across the menu are therefor worth it! They are not. The food is mediocre and certainly not worth the cost. Signature drinks are weak. And that service has a standstill at below average across multiple visits. Pull it together, Vig!
5	Friendly staff, great food, and great service. Defiantly worth a try! Their food prices average about $10 a plate but great tasting. You can't beat their daily bottomless mimosas (until 2pm)
1	I am a Vig brand super fan. Great food. Drinks. People. So this breaks my heart. The white trash-ass smoking allowed on the patio ruins this place. It occurs to me they might allow smoking on at the Arcadia Vig, which allows explains why I live at Uptown. Smoking is so fucking gross. It makes your food gross. It makes your drinks gross. It makes the experience gross. For example, the smokers next to me are talking about how they pee between each others legs when one is sitting on the toilet and one is standing and also about how when her boyfriend recently inserted a tampon in her vagina, he asked where their relationship could go from there. I hope they're happy. Also, I've now been here approaching 20 mother fucking minutes and have yet to be approached by an employee. Embarrassing.
5	Loved this place!  The food was great, service was great, and the atmosphere was awesome!  Came here with a group of 8, at prime dinner time, and was quoted a half hour to 45 minute wait.  Not a big deal for us since we weren't in any hurry.  However, we were pleasantly surprised when seated only after 20 minutes.  Our server was attentive and very nice.  He even split up our checks and let all of us use our Localdines coupons we had!!  Thank you!!  I got the black bean burger and it was amazing!!  Tons of flavor and our server suggested I get the mixed fries of sweet potato and original and that was a great suggestion!!!  A little bit of everything!  We sat inside at a part that looked like a sun room.  It was extremely clean and classy and felt really comfortable with our big group.  The outside looked really nice too but we didn't have a chance to experience that.  Valet parking is complementary in the back between The Vig and CIBO.  Which is a total PLUS!  Parking is so hard to find downtown.  We will definitely come here again!!
4	Two words... Happy. Hour. This place has a great one. I went last night with my dad, step mom, and husband and we all ate including a dessert for 30$. Amazing! We got the sliders (5$), the flatbread (5$), and the fish tacos (5$). They also had other items that were less expensive like dips and breads and whatnot that were 3-4$, but we didn't try those. Aaanyway, the flatbread of the day was a roasted tomatillo, roasted garlic, cheddar, mozz, and sausage... ohh soooo good. The roasted veg was awesome. I kind of loved it. It was pretty large as well. The sliders (3) came with a big pile of fries and were also quite large. They were very tasty and the bun was especially good and flavorful... which you don't typically find on a slider. The fish tacos (4) were also large and just a little spicy, they came with a really good tomatillo salsa. For dessert we got a brownie to share at the waiter's recommendation, but this was my least favorite part of the meal. The brownie was absolutely flavorless... what a waste of calories.  Although I don't think I would recommend the brownie, I will certainly be back for happy hour!PS Like its predecessor Local Breeze, this place has a great patio, large and pretty with a bocce ball court! Alright!
5	I love what The Vig has done with the place.  I've been coming to this location back when it was Palette, then The Local Breeze and now finally something with staying power!  The outdoor bar area is my favorite feature.  I love meeting girlfriends here for drinks and hanging out with my boyfriend enjoying some brews.  The food, of course, is excellent.  I've had the Pad Thai, their veggie burger, and the macaroni and cheese.  The Mac & cheese is my favorite but I'm from Wisconsin so anything with cheese is my favorite. My only complaint is that the lighting in the ladies room is awful.  It's artful and decorative but some how the light doesn't illuminate your face when you lean toward the mirror.  How am I supposed to get my lip gloss on straight without proper lighting? Not wear lip gloss you say? That is nonnegotiable my friend.
5	I absolutely love this place!!! Tracy is my favorite bartender she is such a nice person and a great server/bartender! Honestly I have never had bad service here and I've been there a million times because I live les then a block from the restaurant
2	Under the heading "It could have been handled better", we stopped by after Masters of Movement downtown last Friday. We had my 15 year old daughter with us. It was after 9pm. Apparently they have a rule that no one under 21 gets in after 8pm(is this City of Phoenix mandated?). In any case, the maitre d'(or bouncer or resident whatever) stonewalled us as if we were attempting to sneak into a back alley nightclub with fake ids. No smile, no explanation, no "come back and see us before 8pm". I thought this was supposed to be friendly neighborhood restaurant/bar.
1	Totally unprofessional service. Another example of downtown dining standards going downhill
2	Food is decent.  The tater tots are particularly good.Beer is pretty good, too.However, I don't agree with their smoking policy.If I want to sit outside, I should be able to sit wherever I want and not have to inhale second-hand cigarette smoke.The Vig is now officially boycotted and I will schedule all of my business meetings elsewhere.
2	I have been to the Vig numerous times in Arcadia and always have a good experience. I went to this downtown location at happy hour.  The chips that came with the guacamole were old. We asked for new ones...it seemed like they were just reheated. Although, our waiter was very nice and took it off the bill.  The guacamole was great but we couldn't eat it without the chips. In addition, I ordered the steak salad and the steak tasted disgusting....like it had been sitting out or was old. Not sure if it's because it was happy hour or what. Although our waiter was nice the staff is a little unprofessional overall.
4	I really enjoy coming here! Great food and perfect for large parties! Plus trivia on thee table to help time go by while waiting for your food, what's not to like :)
4	Great burger awesome Thai chicken wings and a free birthday dessert. The hummus was good as well with cucumbers and tomatoes. Love the food here
3	Great patio if the weather is cooperating. Decent late night menu offering. Drinks were good but my 4am pounding headache after only two drinks makes me suspect they're using rail booze ... or maybe it was time for me to have a pounding headache at 4am. idk.We had to wait a bit before two of the four employees whizzing around us acknowledged our presence. Once they did, they were both very apologetic and explained a fellow staff member suffered "an injury". I hope they're ok.Drinks came quickly but the missing glass of wine had to be brought to their attention. Another genuine apology was offered.All the food was good and the portions were share-able.In the end, the late glass of wine was comped and we received a "25% industry discount". I haven't been in the "industry" for a very long time so it was cool to get the discount.I'll be back for the cool patio and laid-back vibe ...
5	Great food, friendly service. Generous happy hour portions. I loved the fish tacos & my husband swears the wings are the best in town. He had the Thai sauce.
4	Overall, I give them 4/5 stars because they aren't top tier and the mimosas seem to get drowned by OJ 50% of the time but the service, environment, and food are ultimately impressive.I always have a good time here. No dissatisfaction with the food, as of yet. We always enjoy the food. The bottomless mimosas are $15 and this price should be lowered, in my opinion. But other than that, it's a stand up place that offers comparable prices with other restaurants nearby. The servers always provide great service, the food is always great (especially the sweet potato fries and Thai chili wings), and the environment provides a decent mid 20s to 30s crowd of decent human beings that you are likely to get into a conversation with. Not to mention, the pleasant live music provided on a daily basis.
5	Aldavid is AWESOME! Great service great food. Great atmosphere. I would recommend it anytime. The posole is BOMB.
5	One of the best brunches I've ever had. Our party of 8 was accommodated right away at a big table outside with plenty of shade (they gave us an extra umbrella) and greeted with water promptly. Our server (Stephen) took great care of us! He was very speedy and attentive (never let our water glasses go below halfway) and recommended the Corned beef hash to me which I LOVED. yummy chopped hash with hollandaise on poached eggs (my favorite). Best part: bottomless mimosas and $4 bloody Mary's you can make yourself with plenty of options. I also appreciate the manager checking on us and making sure were ok. He gave us a free chocolate mousse/graham cracker merengue dessert when we finished which was just the cherry on topTo the perfect brunch. Jazz trio playing outside was a nice touch. If I wasn't on vacation in Phoenix for the week id be frequenting this place for their brunch and cocktails. Thank you to The Vig for creating an awesome experience.
4	I love the Vig and finally had the opportunity to check out their latest addition. I ordered their Fillmore Burger but made a few modifications to it (I replaced the cheddar with blue cheese, yum). I usually don't order burgers but I was in the mood for one. It was so good. I love when a burger has that charred crust to it. I also had the side of sweet potato fries which are amazing. The secret sauce is a kind of curry sauce which is strangely addicting when you dip the sweet potato fries in them.We sat outside as it wasn't too hot and they had the misters on full force. The outside patio is great. There's lots of room in between tables so you don't feel like you're sitting on top of one another. Only complaint are the flies. I think it's the area though as they're a problem next door at Cibo too. I was busy swatting away flies as I was trying to enjoy my meal as they kept landing on our food and drinks every other second which was kind of annoying and off putting. If I were to go back to this location I'd ask to sit inside next time unless they can figure out a way to get rid of those pesky flies.
5	The Vig, no matter which location, is consistently good in my books.  This review is to thank Ryan, Megan and the wait staff for hosting a wonderful event we put on for our daughter's 21st birthday.  Ryan was great to work with during initial planning.  Megan locked in all the details prior and was awesome to work with.  She even created personalized menus with our daughter's name on them, and the items we wanted available to her 21 friends.  We were waited on like VIPs the entire evening.  Apps, entrees, drinks, all came out fast and correct.  That is quite a feat given the # of people.  We were even allowed to store cake and cupcakes in their fridge.If you are looking for a great venue to host an event...Vig Fillmore should be at the top of your list!Thanks again everyone!!
5	Deconstructed tacos were outstanding!!  I ordered them based on my server's claim that it was his favorite item on the whole menu.  He didn't disappoint!!  My companion had nothing but great things to say about his Prime Vig Dip sandwich as well.  A great variety of foods, quality ingredients and wonderfully prepared.  You just can't go wrong with The Vig!  My companion and I were decked out in our D-Backs garb (better to get really good food before the game than so-so food at the game for the same price as the really good food)... he took 20% off our bill!!  That act alone deserves future visits!
5	Had chicken club and best turkey sandwich. Both were phenomenal. Great place to go before a show.
5	Been here for brunch for the second time. The vibe is chill, less posh-sterile than the Bethany & 16th location, which I like but just leans a little to the superficial for me. ANYWHO, i'm a fan.
5	Corn beef and hash WOW! LOVE THIS PLACE. From the hip hop funk music to the open atmosphere and the service. The menu is just the icing on the cake.
4	(Lyrics - Blues Traveler - Hook)It doesn't matter what I YelpSo long as I sing with Bo BitesAt The Vig Fillmore I'll reviewSome inner truth or vast reflectionBut I've gave them 4 starsAnd I can keep it up for as long as it takesAnd it don't matter what I tryIf I'm doing my job then it's my reviews that make's itBecause the Vig brings you backI ain't tellin' you no lieThe Vig brings you backOn that you can relyThe Vig has done it again.  This time at "the Fillmore"  Located in the heart of Phoenix downtown, the Fillmore is perfect a for Sunday brunch or after a long work day Happy Hour.  I myself prefer being Happy during my Hours - Wink!  I came after a long work day with a friend and sat at what I call the backyard bar.  Nice breezy wind blowing through the bar area which sits in the middle so traffic flows well.  While the sunset upon the valley makes this place somewhat romantic!  HH specials on food and drinks; you can't pass this up!  I ordered their Grilled Fish Tacos along with a Stella Artois (Ever since that Adrian Brody Super Bowl commercial I've been drinking this like water -- darn you Super Bowl ads!)  Anyways, my fish tacos were amazingly tasty! Blackened whitefish with some pico de gallo and   spicy slaw gave this dish some kick and nice crunchy texture!  With a perfect setting and friends along with food and drinks; the Fillmore definitely got me hooked!  Overall, service was best at the bar area and ambiance makes any person feel lazy, and there's nothing wrong with that - wink! - Enjoy!
5	Kelly Carr at the Fillmore Vig is an outstanding bartender. Her knowledge of spirits and other bevs is fantastic.  Not to mention her great personality and attention to customer service. The food is great at the Vig as is the ambiance but it's people like Kelly who will keep me coming back!
5	My husband randomly drove by The Vig and came home to tell me we are going on a date! I loved The Vig it has a very unique ambiance. We will defiantly will be going back!
2	This was a first experience at The Vig. My girlfriend and I are road tripping home from vacation and decided this would be a great place to check out. We ordered the carne asada potato pancake dish and split it with a side of sweet potato and regular fries. The food was delightful to the palate and tastefully presented. The service, however, left much to be desired. Our server, Lauren, greeted us promptly but proceeded to ignore our table after we gave our split order. We had to flag her down to ask for lemons, add the side of fries, and for the check while she stopped by all of her other tables to see how they were doing and how their food tasted. We did not receive the same service. It was really frustrating to see other tables receive considerate service and attention while being ignore and avoided.
3	I love Vig, especially their nachos and half priced bottles of wine on Sundays. However, I sincerely dislike their indoor seating because this is where all the servers gather to chat, gab, and roll silverware. Management seriously needs to take control of the situation here because it makes me not want to go to Vig when I'd like to sit inside.
5	I knew the AGM through a friend. Even if he didn't comp is drinks this place would get 5 stars. The service is great and the drinks are soo good. The prices were affordable and the atmosphere perfection. If I lived in the area I would go back. Great place.
5	This place is amazing for saturday/Sunday morning brunch. I love the unlimited mimosas special - and they make them just right too!!The yogurt with granola and dried fruit is surprisingly delicious. They make their granola in-house. Very good if you want a light breakfast. The ceviche is also very good, although it is a small bowl of it. I love sitting on the patio outside and I love how the tables have little trivia cards in pepper tins. I definitely recommend this as a weekend brunch spot!!
5	This Vig is now in the running with my favorite Vig in Arcadia! On our way to Cibo to take my daughter for her favorite pizza in Phx, we pull in to valet and find here we are at this Vig. Mistake but we opt to check it out instead of Cibo. LOVE the spacious patio! We sat inside but that patio has potential for awesomeness! I love the salad with shrimp and prickly pear dressing in the summer... it's pure lightness and just enough. My daughter wanted the sliders and to try out the cheesy filled tater tots, which 3 of us split, as they are rich. Good! BUT rich! The staff is always spot on and I know this place will and already is amazing as all the Vig's are. Being able to valet in such a busy area of town is a plus. Can't wait to go back and check out the patio on a Sunday Funday!
5	This is my favorite location of the four. I've been here numerous times and the service is always great, food is delicious and the crowd and outside area are really what makes me like this location.Get the cheesey tater tots! They're amazing
5	One of my FaVoRiTe places...My husband and I catch happy hour and it has never disappointed us.  The food is delish - the prices can't be beat.  Service is always delightful.  I love me a happy hour that starts at 3:00 in the afternoon.  Check it out.
5	The Vig always satisfies. Nachos, trifecta, carne asada on a potato pancake. Yes, yes and yes! The inside is small and I would describe it as Restoration Hardware if Restoration Hardware was a bar. Great portrait of Fillmore on the wall! Great ambiance. But, this Vig is my favorite because of it's outdoor space. Full bar outside and plenty of lawn games. Great spot to enjoy the weather when the weather is nice.
5	Whether you're at the original, Fillmore, or Uptown, you are at an awesome spot.  Great service, great menu with plenty of 'pig out' and healthy options, great variety of beers on tap and excellent speciality cocktails. The Vig in Arcadia being a local favorite of mine when I visit Phoenix (every few months), I decided to give the Fillmore location a try on a Monday night.  Me and a buddy of mine came in, went and took a seat at the bar and were greeted right away with menus and a rundown of the specials and drinks to checkout. Graham, the general manager, came by as well and gave us his take on the menu.  We decided to take his recommendations and order the hot chick sandwich, mac n cheese, fish tacos......actually it was about 1/4 of the menu lol.  We went for the mac n cheese and deconstructed fish tacos.  I understand his delimma of narrowing down the menu to only a few things because everything I've ever had at the Vig restaurants has been excellent!  If you are in the area or have already checked out the other Vig locations and loved them as much as I do, then you have to come check out Fillmore. Great food, great service, great times.
5	I love the location, the food and of course the staff. The inside has a cozy warm setting that's great for a date night or with a couple friends. The outside is beautiful, great for large groups, and with misters that actually do their jobs in this Phoenix heat. The food is great of course, my favorite is the fish tacos and the turkey sandwich. If you're a French fries connoisseur, you have to add these to your list to try, they're amazing! And last but not least, the staff is awesome! Everyone is so friendly and always excited to help with suggestions. Kori suggested I try their pulled pork special for the night and it was definitely top 3 pulled pork sandwiches I've had. This location is definitely my go-to when I'm downtown, I'm never disappointed.
2	The atmosphere and service is great. The food, however, is over priced and low quality. I suggest only coming here for drinks. Also, don't order the ceviche unless you're looking for soupy salsa with a few bits of fish.
3	Great ambience & friendly staff. I would avoid the Fillmore burger, it has a special sauce and aioli, but it was still dry especially with a large bun. Onion rings were a greasy frozen variety.
5	This place is amazing. From the minute w e walked in we were greeted and asked for how many. There was a wait seeing that it was Sunday brunch, which is very popular here, so we decided to eat at the bar. The bartender was very attentive and we ordered the horchata drink. Totally butchered that! It was delicious. Our food did take a little longer than normal so the manager took off an appetizer without us saying a word. Food is amazing, service is phenomenal, will always recommended and come back!
2	I was really looking forward to trying out the Vig, now that it had taken over a much-needed restaurant/bar spot that serves the area where I work. I'm sorry to say that while I'm sure it would be a great place to relax on the patio with a cocktail, I was vastly disappointed with the food. I came with a large group for a simple birthday lunch. We were crowded together at a too-small table, despite having made a reservation. The service was unbelievably slow. The vegetarian options on the menu were limited. However, when I asked them to make my dish with tofu instead (which you would think screams vegetarian preference), it still came out with shrimp and an egg. We had waited so long for the food that I let it go and simply shared the shrimp and suffered the egg, but I definitely wouldn't come here for food in the future.
4	Loved The Vig.  Sat on the patio and enjoyed the people watching and the relaxing space.  The fish tacos were great!
5	Can't say enough about how much I love this place!!! I've been there so many days in a row, I'm waiting for the staff to tell me to get a life. But I can't help it! The food is consistently amazing. The deconstructed fish tacos are out of this world-- fresh Mahi Mahi - and only $14. The pork nachos are simply heaven!  The hummus platter is awesome! And the wings are great!!!  And the happy hour food is some of the best selection and prices out there! Plus you can't beat $4 Titos through September!  To top it off, the service is OUTSTANDING!!!! Truly the best combination of great food and amazing service in an awesome location!
5	A friend took me here last night. We sat outdoors at the bar. The bartender was friendly and attentive. They have a great beer selection with a lot of craft beers on tap. The menu made it hard to choose dinner. I went with the best turkey sandwich, it included a cranberry chutney, toasted tomatoes, a dill havarti, which now that I've had it I will now crave. The sandwich was on a pretzel bun, which I thought gave it a unique flavor, I feel it wouldn't have been the same with a different bread. All in all I would absolutely go back next time I am in the area, I highly suggest this restaurant.
4	Nice and helpful servers, truly felt like he was paying extra attention. I love that.His recommendation on cocktail was perfect, and my cocktail was well done.The food was great. My steak was overdone but it was a steak salad so I didn't really mind. It was still delicious. My date enjoyed a burger and fries and I stole some, it was also delicious.I would recommend this place to anybody looking for an easy, relaxed atmosphere to get a bite, grab a drink, etc. Nice and casual like.
4	Stopped by for dinner on a Monday night. Kitchen closed at 11pm, so it was one of the few spots downtown still open to grab a good dinner after 9:30pm. Portion sizes are pretty big-- we ordered an app and 2 entrees, and had to take home lots of leftovers. Chicken nachos were delish! It was a ridiculous amount, we ate so much of it and should have saved room for the entrees. We also had the deconstructed fish tacos and the pad thai,  both of which were really tasty too. We sat inside but the outdoor area look pretty big and cool. I am definitely coming back for the great brunch i keep hearing about!
4	Absolutely happy to give the Vig four stars on my first try.  Drive by and we were sold from seeing the side entrance.  Sat at the outside bar and ordered posole and nachos from the late night menu.  This was some of the best posole I have had in Phoenix.  The salsa and nachos were great as well.  We will be back and will bring friends.
3	Has the feel of a relaxing lounge. However, The hostess and waiters get a little agitated if you sit down at an empty table even though the place is half empty. That part is Quite annoying but I would still go back just to do it again just for the heck of it. The place is laid back not the people not so much. Which is sad because I wanted to give it 4 stars.
5	Top Notch. We love the Vig. Excellent happy hour. Awesome menu selections. We love all the locations. Highly recommend this place. They have cornhole/bags and a nice outdoor space at all of their locations. Trendy, Hipster, great spot. Service is excellent all the time.
5	The service is great I love what they did with the space it looks amazing. I will definitely be back soon. So glad to have the vig in my hood. The bartenders are awesome and the service is very professional. The food is good, I haven't had everything on the menu but almost. If there is something you don't like they fix it right away.  I come here at least 3 X a week if not more.  Hope to see you there next time.
5	An excellent happy hour or dinner spot tucked away in an historic neighborhood in downtown Phoenix. They have an excellent variety of cocktails, each with a modern twist. Happy hour specials won't disappoint. Trendy, unique atmosphere with great views of downtown Phoenix. I always try to sit near the outside bar on a cool, breezy day - it's feels like you're relaxing in your own backyard.Food and service are top-notch. Try the pork nachos and fish tacos!
5	This was a great place for sunday brunch. Bottomless mimosas. I didn't km ow what to expect with the food but I was pleasantly surprised.  It was very flavorful. Would highly recommend this place and could easily be ok with going back there again.
4	Chad!!! You are the bomb.com!  Thank you for making sure our mimosas were never ever empty and according to my friend Adrian you were excellent eye candy to boot. We will be back to see you. (Love Adrian). Seriously though, Chad was awesome and our crew of four couldn't thank you enough for the service. The food was also pretty good as Chad recommended that I have the skirt steak with eggs for breakfast which was delicious but the potatoes were just ok. My poor friend Adrian stated that his potatoes were cold while everything else was warm. Weird right? The eggs they ordered weren't exactly scrambled but more of a mini omelet but it was still good (according to them). But the mimosas and the service alone were enough to warrant a 4 star review in our books. We will definitely be back for brunch again soon!
5	This is one of my favorite places in Phoenix! I have never had any food off the menu that I didn't love! Delicious drinks as well! This is also a great place for parties or get togethers on the patio. The service can be hit or miss but the food never disappoints.
4	Had a fun time here last Sunday celebrating a friend's birthday. The parking can be tricky and you might have to walk but I took no issue with this. The staff was great and very responsive. Had a great time and will be back.
5	LOVE IT!From the moment we (my husband & I) walked in until we said good bye, the service was outstanding.  The bar tenders were friendly and funny, our glasses were always full, and the food was quite scrumptious.  The Vig Filmore knows how to treat its guests.
5	Since moving to the neighborhood 2 months ago, we have become regular patrons of the Vig Fillmore.  Very comfortable, good service and excellent menu. I love the fish tacos!  Despite the crazy summer heat, we find ourselves usually seated outside at the bar under the misters.  As we live close by we usually walk but there is a lot of bike parking and its within easy walking distance from the light rail.  Not sure how to rate parking but the location is in a downtown neighborhood.
4	The Filmore Vig is a great spot for meeting groups and hanging out downtown. They do brunch with unlimited mimosas (that can be dangerous), and a bloody mary bar. The patio is big and there is always seating around the bar or on one of the big lawn tables. The servers are friendly and quick to clean up the tables. The happy hour food (especially the hummus, wings and sliders) are a must try. They valet, which is nice because it is hard to find parking downtown.Uptown still holds my heart, but this is a close second.
5	Diverse crowd , strong drinks and amazing happy hour prices .. Tequila sunrise 3 rounds =$15 !!! Dope! Nice space outside, great weather yesterday so took advantage of the patio. I heard Sundays are live with a DJ, I def want to go back then. My bartender was accommodating and always made sure I had a full drink! The place was clean and made me feel at home.. Will be back! 5 stars
5	My boyfriend and I went last night to get a few happy hour drinks and appetizers. Our server was awesome, and the food was delicious. We just got the guacamole and chips, sweet Thai wings, and the garlic soy edamame, but let me tell you I was satisfied. They all tasted amazing and unique to other restaurants I've been before. The drinks we had were both different than what I've had before, but they weren't too sweet or overpowering. This place was busy for a Wednesday night in and outside with a range of people. I will definitely be going back here!
5	This is one of the cooler spots in Phoenix that I've been to. My gf and I went a few days ago for happy hour, and I was thoroughly impressed. We ordered some unique cocktails, sweet chile wings, and some guacamole. Everything was spot on, and the prices were quite reasonable. Also, we had a server named Al taking care of us. He was one of the better servers I've had. We'll be back, and I think it's safe to say we found a new spot to be "regulars" at.
5	Having only been to this specific location twice I can tell you that every time never disappointed me in the slightest.  This past time we had gone around between breakfast and lunch in which I was never really aware that breakfast was an option at The Vig since we normally come past dinner time or after hours I should say.  So being a person that is absolutely in LOVE with breakfast/Brunch my mind automatically said we are definitely getting breakfast!I ordered the Corn beef hash with poached eggs, I was not expecting it to look the way it did but OMG was it the best thing next to steak and eggs? Pretty damn close! My mom had ordered the deconstructed fish tacos and was loving that because she ate it like a salad in a way and was completely satisfied which is a plus since shes just as picky as I can be.  My brother ordered the BBQ Hot Vings and also liked those I tried one and wanted another but stopped myself from asking since thats all he had ordered.  If i were to choose between arcadias location and this one this one is winning.
4	Was pleasantly surprised when I walked into this oasis. Nice courtyard with water mist, spinning good tunes, and great waiter who is always on.  Great wine by the glass selection - ended up getting the Vig sauvignon blanc and it's solid.Pozole soup is excellent: traditional mexican soup with grain, onion, pork, avocado. I had it in new mexico.  I like this particular one because there isn't too much grain and had a bit of a kick to it.Garlic soy edamame: super big portion.  Could benefit from a bit less sauce or extra sauce on the side. Fish taco: delicious and fresh. Great spot to check out,  especially for a late night meal after 10.30pm.
5	I love going here. Service is always good and food is as well! Love the beer specials as well.
1	We waited an hour for a table after being told it would only be 30 min. We were finally notified our table was ready but, when we went to the hostess, she told us there was a mistake and we'd have to wait an other 15 min. Unfortunately we had prior plans that made it impossible to wait any longer. I don't mind waiting but, I don't like being lied to.
5	Always great food no matter which location. Love the Vig and great happy hour specials!
4	great food and great drinks. the patio was a little on the dark side for my taste, but i would definitely go back.
4	Bloody Mary bar, so I can finally make a Cesar (if you're from canada you know what I mean) except for clamato juice.$4 Bloody Mary bar and $15 mimosas unlimited for the whole day! Awesome.I went for brunch with a friend and it has a really cool atmosphere. Relaxed bar type, but I wore a dress and heels and didn't feel out of place. I had the corned beef hash to eat. The best part about it was the sauce. The egg was undercooked in a few spots-gross. Other than that it was good but I'd say the drinks here far overtake the food in quality. My friend ordered the encanto enchilada and loved it.Will come again, probably just for drinks next time.
2	Trying way way too hard to be the hipster local in Phoenix.
2	Today was my first time at The Vig. I was not impressed. It was well over 100 today and they make you wait outside to be sat inside. service was alright, she never announced her name or specials for lunch or drinks. I ordered the black bean burger and my grandmother ordered fish tacos and asked her to just give her the fish with a side of chips, no tortilla, she said she couldn't do that. They Have chips on their menu for nachos, she could of easily subbed chips for fries (known from experience in the industry). When the burger came to the table I swear it was real beef, I asked her about it and she said no it was a black bean burger.. What a Frozen Boca Burger they heated up on the grill. Smash burger and Pita Jungle both have way better black bean burgers, they taste and look like black bean burgers. After the food was dropped off we didn't see or hear from our server for 30 mins. The manager came by and asked how everything was and then the buss boy filled our drinks and cleared the table. We waited another 10 mins before the server came over to take our payment.
1	The best server in the house is Dan/Daniel... However mgt made him serve our 26 top and several other 10+.... It started off really good, once we get our whole group there is was completely down hill... Almost every person has their order messed up and it took almost 45 minutes just to get a draft beer... We were ready to leave made the mgr on duty aware of the situation and he did close to nothing about the situation, it all seemed like he told everyone to avoid our tables. How could one restaurant mess up a table so bad! At least half our table had our order messed up or not delivered after an hour and their reason was "sorry we don't know what happened".... After we BEGGED for our tab for 30-45 mins by standing up and requesting several times, they finally hand it over with an auto 18% grat charge... Again. Daniel was great, however there is he had 3 or 4 tables with 10+ people... He could barely handle our 25 plus table and mgt wouldn't allow him otherwise. Like seriously VIg, realize that when a group makes a reservations for 25 people or requires a server by it's self or at least 2-3 servers!Would NEVER recommend this again based on my experience tonight! Mgt really didn't care about our thoughts or concerns or that it took 2 hours to get food, I hope owners review this concern with mgt and realize there is an issue!
3	Sadly this trendy joint is crowding next to our most loved Cibo. The drinks and food aren't very good, neither is the DJ. The design is wonderful, making use of an old Phoenix residence and patio. The servers take themselves too seriously, and the yuppies often drink too much. Sports TVs over the bar throws off the trendy -chic of this place.
5	I have been to this location twice and absolutely loved it! Wonderful eclectic entrees and environment... Loved the mac and cheese!
5	Stopped by for a late lunch with my niece and her husband. Pleasant atmosphere both inside and out. Very friendly attentive server. The server had food suggestions that we tried. Must say I was quite pleased with our selections.....nachos, turkey sandwich and Lean and Green Salad. On our way out we were admiring the wine case and meant Chris Hardin (the bar manager). Absolutely will be returning soon!
4	Went here for lunch with for the first time and had a very good time. The place has a cool set up and a nice bar area. I does sit back a little bit off of the street so it could be hard to find if it is your first time there. The service was fast and that is always a plus. I had a couple of their pumpkin ale which was on tap and it was pretty good! I also had the Vig Prime Dip and I really enjoyed it. It was cooked well, and the fries were done well as well.I did fell a little out of place since I am more of a country boy, who just happens to have tattoos, but I would go back if "everything" stayed the same.
5	Went to The Vig on Sunday with a few buddies for late lunch around 3:30.  We sat in the bar area in a booth.  Our server let us know it was their anniversary and that their appetizers and drinks were half off, which we were pleasantly surprised to find out. It was packed given it was their anniversary but our server was great.  She continually checked in on us and made some great recommendations for lunch.  I had the posole soup which was awesome.    We had a great time and will definitely be back again.
3	After loving the Vig Uptown for years, the Vig Fillmore opened only a few blocks from our house. We went in on a quiet night, maybe three other people in the bar. Took forever for the bartender to serve us, and then he had a bad attitude and acted super annoyed when we split an appetizer rather than ordering three separate ones. It's still the Vig so it's still cool to go hang out, but the angsty bartender that so often comes with hipster bars makes it kind of a chore.
3	Wish we could rate by category but bottom line is we WILL go to The Vig Filmore again...very nice experience.- Service 5 stars- Atmosphere 5 stars- Drinks sounded cool but weren't that tasty 3 stars- Food was OK....not bad but nothing special... wouldn't eat there next time except dessert 3 stars...Had the guac, beef flat bread, salmon app, pork tacos. Maybe should have gotten posole instead?But love love love the atmosphere of the old home in a garden with cool outdoor bar!!!
5	Living down in Fairview, the Downtown Vig has become our go to. Tired and just want wings? The Vig's outdoor bar. Dressed up with something to celebrate? The Vig's outdoor, candle-lit table. Taking out of town family to the Children's Museum and want a lunch we know everyone will love? The Vig's family-style outdoor tables. Every single time, we comment on the staff's professionalism and ability to make us feel at home and taken care of. Tonight, a small mishap with our dinner after 100 percent perfect meals every other time, and without missing a beat - the staff dealt with the issue with the same class they've exhibited at our celebration dinners, our lazy Tuesday dinners, and our "hey, how about The Vig" dinners. Here's to you Vig - and each and every one of you that makes your outdoor feel like our backyard.
4	Met some friends here for Smunch, my first trip to this outpost of the Vig.  Early on a Saturday parking was not an issue.  The patio with the outside bar was really nice on an early fall day.  The house itself just celebrated it's 100th birthday.As usual the food at the Vig did not disappoint.  I had corned beef hash that lived atop a potato pancake.  The chunks of corned beef were tossed with peppers and onions that had a taste reminiscent of Ro-Tel, but not quite.  The two perfectly poached eggs were covered in a chipotle hollandaise sauce. Easily one of the best renditions of a corned beef hash I have had. The other six in our party were just as pleased with their food.Service was great and the chef even spent a few moments at our table talking about some of the modifications we could ask for that were not noted on the menu, like he tries to keep a fresh can of bacon grease on the grill for those folks that want their food cooked in it.  He mentioned that after he overheard me talking about searing a medium rare filet in bacon grease in cast iron.
5	Loved this place. Tasty food, affordable prices, great vibe. Attentive service. Casual crowd. Valet parking.Iced coffee and the iced coffee with vodka ...two thumbs up!Only negative is that it was hard to find for us, but I'm sure someone who is not directions-challenged will be just fine.
3	Do not do brunch here- so many better options.Impossible to get mimosas replenished when desired, the food choices are minimal (and we were not happy with both breakfast items we ordered), and service was nothing to brag about. One person ordered the breakfast enchiladas and didn't eat them because of all the veggies under the eat that were not in the description (not a veggie lover). Someone else got the American breakfast which was "mediocre and cold". Another person got the Monte Cristo, which came soggy prior to putting any syrup or creme on it. I wasn't drinking but my party was and had to ask three times for their mimosa refills. You pay for unlimited for a reason- you would just pay for three if you only wanted three. Very underwhelming experience. We left hungry and irritated from the experience (and the flys that they can't take the blame for).
4	Absolutely love love love this place! amazing menu, quality food and drinks and friendly staff! We try to visit often as we love their menu items, the salads, pad thai, wings, ceviche, are some of our fav items to order. Took my husbands boss and wife since they moved here from out of town and they adored it as well. Great out door ambiance. Great for groups or date nights!
1	The Vig Fillmore started out as a welcome neighbor to the downtown Phoenix area but quickly got too high on its own supply. Great bartenders and servers but horrible management. It will quickly become a place for tourists and not locals because they don't value relationships. Sad to hear but pride always comes before the fall. I will not be returning to the Fillmore Vig.
5	I hate the Vig and their d@mn yam fries with curry dip!  Sweet potato fries, whatever - let me finish!  I get curried away every time I'm in Vig territory.  I yam pining for fries everyday now.  Get this monkey off my back!  Doc, I need help.
2	Two stars for the food and some of their staff service. Minus 3 for crappy bottomless mimosas that had zero fizz to them. More like bottomless orange juice....
5	Love the downtown VIG! Like the other Vigs the vibe is the same. A nice outside setting with some great ambience. I especially like the way this location took a 100 year old house and converted it to an inside bar. The food is amazing as all Vigs are. I went with the Tater Tots, the NYC Reuben and my GF went with the Fish Tacos.I would highly recommend my alteration which was suggested by my waiter. He told me to take the Reuben, put it on Pretzel Bread and get a side of Au Ju Sauce, delightful it was.I will be back and look forward to the next live music acoustic set which they seem to always nail.
2	Why, oh why does this always happen to me?:  I find food that I really like - then...the restaurant changes the recipe.  For worse.Went back for a re-up of yam fries twice now and they were completely destroyed.  Tasted like cardboard.  Vig cooks are coating the yams with some fry stuff that makes the fries hard and way overcooked.  I'm not happy at all.  Pas du tout!  On top of that the curry sauce tasted sweetened.  Yuck!  Will not be ordering yam fries again. Damn you, Vig!  Damn you! Fish tacos are a'ight, so maybe I'll go back for those.  No time soon though.
2	Came here for dinner and drinks last Sat for date night and it's normally a fav of mine but this time I was not impressed at all. Ordered my fav dish-chicken pad Thai and it came out in a soup format! I told my waiter and he didn't offer to fix it. My drink tasted non alcoholic and again the waiter didn't fix it, and it wasn't even busy crazy busy so I can't use that as an excuse... the service wasn't as good as it normally is. Bummer because this was my favorite place so far! I'm so disappointed but maybe it was just bad service this one time. Looking to give it another shot.
3	As I live three blocks away from the Vig on Filmore which is/has been my go to local bar/pub however the new menu was disappointing and uninspired. Seems like they pared down the menu to their top sellers.  The waitress did not tell of any specials so I wonder if this practice is gone as well. Maybe a new business strategy to focus on drinks?   Recommend they listen to feedback, get inspired and  re-think the new menu.
3	Cute place. Service sucked. Short rib tacos and tatter tots were amazing. Don't eat the fish tacos they taste like dirt.
5	This place is great for enjoying the nice weather, either for a quiet night out with friends or for a delicious brunch on the weekends. So far everything I've tried from the kitchen has been yummy, and the staff is going out of their way to make things right if something comes out a little off (friends' dish was a bit cool, but they remade it again from scratch and it came out piping hot). Parking can be a little challenging if it's busy (thanks city of Phoenix for mining your own people for money with your stupid parking meters), but it's still well worth it to come by for a visit!
4	went on sunday around 11am isn  with friends from seattle sat outside nice outdoor area my only complaint was music was to LOUD!!!! a little hard to have a conversation. service was delightful and friendly and all the dishes we ordered were tasty
5	We held an event on the Vig's patio and the team was spectacular. After planning this day for months, we arrived and it began to rain. Within minutes they had umbrellas across the whole area. Their team was flexible and attentive. Everyone afterward commented on the great venue and service.I returned a few days later with a friend - once again, top-notch service. These guys are great at what they do. I'll be back.
4	Visited this location for the first time yesterday. We sat on their beautiful patio which provides a great atmosphere. Their staff was very nice and professional. I had the Trifecta (3 sliders on pretzel buns) looked delicious but seemed a bit dry. They won me over by having a full bar and good beers on draft. I am for sure coming back.
3	First trip and we are surrounded by a group of some jock-esque/douche-y guys ... certainly here on vacation from Scottsdale or elsewhere. I'm not sure why this place is in downtown. It does not speak to the neighborhood at all.
2	I've been here once before and had no complaints. Food was good, patio was beautiful, service was to expectations. However, I went back just recently and was not pleased. My two friends and I were not greeted by anyone at what looked like a host stand and stood there for a good five minutes, while servers just stood at the door to the building not looking our way. So we took it upon ourselves to find a table. Almost all had reserved signs which is fine, but with that situation I expect someone to seat us. Once we sat, a server came up and asked if we had just "walked in" and if we needed menus. We said yes, of course, but then she proceeded to tell us that the table was reserved and that any other table would be fine and she would be right with us. We found the only other empty table, and shortly after we sat a man that was with the large party reserving all the tables informed us that that table was reserved as well. I do understand that it is fair for a large party to be dining at the restaurant but I felt as if staff was not paying attention to anything other than that. Frustrated and impatient, my friends and I left.I am hoping this is a once time instance because I know The Vig can do better than that and I don't want to miss out on their awesome food.
5	The Pad Thai is incredible here! Took a date here for a nice but semi-casual dinner and drink before a comedy show and it was perfect!
4	Great vibe, great food, great service!  I went for a Sunday brunch and had the tres leches french toast....so delightful!  The bacon that it came with was soooo salty and I like salt! lol  I also did the unlimited mimosas which were delicious were a little on the warm side.  Sat at the bar and the bartender was very sweet and she was attentive so you didn't have to wait long for refills!
5	Superb! The guacamole, the Vig burger, and the deconstructed fish tacos: yum! Brooks was the bartender and our waitstaff: so friendly, helpful and nice! Love the outside seating and the heaters. Charming!
4	Very great place I loved the food and the servers were amazing! Wish they had a bigger inside especially for this time of the year but overall I will be back and really recommend this place to anyone, younger crowd for the most part being near ASU and well worth the drive from Tempe
5	Came for the food stayed for the music we came on a sat and jt douglas was playing and I must say he rocked it. The food is great  only main reason we will come back is for the live music! Plus its a dog friendly patio which is al ways a plus. Service was ehh okay ive had better. Give a call ahead to see if they have live music im not sure if this band plays there every week
5	Great customer service and the happy hour is nothing to pass on, especially after a long day at work! The grilled fish tacos and sliders hit the spot!
4	So, I had The Vig bookmarked for almost 2 years and I was very upset with myself after my 1st time here that it took me so long to get my booty in this establishment!! I loved it. I went total gluttony overboard and I have ZERO regrets. Edamame was fantastic. Their cheesy tator tots that tasted like God hand rolled them himself were a flavor party in my mouth with every delicious savory both (slight drooling happening), we had the whitefish special and killed that in about 3.5 minutes. My boo had the short rib tacos as well...he murdered those as well...no remaining meat was found anywhere. We also had shrimp pad Thai and the mac& cheese. Yes , this was ALL consumed among two ppl. We finished  everything besides the two pastas which we took home and thoroughly enjoyed the next day. Craft beers, and cocktail drinks were happily consumed as well.  The food is of really good quality here. I left feeling full but not the run down I need a nap bcus I cant move full. I was rlly happy with this restaurant and I will be back in the near future...the menu does change as well!!p.s great service!
