5	Prices are amazing and staff is super friendly!  After going there a 3rd/4th time, I was remembered by one of the staff at the front desk.  Oh, and they have signs that say they arrest minors which merits a 6th star on my rating =)
3	I have been a huge Bev-Mo fan ever since they moved into town. I still remember the day I walked into the location on West Bell Rd. It felt like a religious experience. I think tears were in my eyes as I grabbed the shopping cart that first time and giddily explored the isles. Then Total Wine came to town. I checked it out, but continued to shop at the Bev-Mo near me on Ray Rd. Then one day I had a very bad customer service experience there and I stormed out the door, vowing to take my business to Total Wine, which had recently opened its Warner Rd. store (okay, its a little off of Warner on Emerald). At this point I feel like a guy who has had an argument with his girlfriend and gone chasing after a hot chick that's a little out of his league, only to find that he misses his old girlfriend and wishes he could take back all those harsh words. The place is great to look at, and it has everything going for it in terms of selection, but they could care less if I shop there or not. I buy quite a bit of booze, and I'm in there a lot. I have a Keg-o-rator, so I buy kegs, and I collect single malt scotch, so I buy a lot of that too. My wife is into tequilas (and I help myself to them from time to time), so we buy those also. In other words, we spend a lot of money in there. I deal with the same people each time, but I've never seen so much as a glint of recognition in anyone's eyes. Further, I almost get the feeling that if you are not a wine drinker, you are sort of an after-thought. The place is really geared toward wine connoisseurs--wine tastings, coupons aimed at wine purchases etc. Add to that the fact that every time I exchange a keg it turns into a drama that requires a manager; and add to that the fact that they require you to keep your receipt or go through a bunch of hoops in order to get credit for your exchange keg, and I am getting increasingly annoyed with their customer service. That blow up with Bev-Mo was bad, but it was a one time thing and one of their locations. The issues with Total Wine seem more systemic, if less obvious. That said, the selection is incredible, better than Bev-Mo. This is especially true for wine, but they also have an amazing beer selection and a very, very good selection of scotch, tequila and other liquors. Their prices are great also--for example, $10.50 for a 12 of Dos Equis and $10.99 for a 12 pack of Guinness draft bottles. Keg prices are as good or better than Bev-Mo--$99.50 for a half barrel of Dos Equis, for instance. The single malt and tequila prices have also been good--their price on Patron especially good--$31.00 for the blanco. They also carry barware, and have a decent cigar selection.I have to give the place three stars for making me feel unwelcome and making a big deal of keg exchanges, but it has a five star selection. If they can solve the customer service issues they could easily be a five star place. I notice that another reviewer has had more luck, so perhaps its just me.
5	I pulled into the IKEA parking lot, having not been there since sometime in August, & noticed that this new store had popped up next door.  Having heard their entertaining "8th Wonder of the World" radio ads, sufficient curiosity struck me to stop over there & check it out.  Also, I had a certain wine (that I consider rare) in mind to ask about, & give them a little test to see if they had it & what kind of BS their clueless CSR might come up with to say about it!   :-))Right off, after glancing at an inventory that was so large it was almost breathtaking, I found it very easy to get help in this huge store.  I ended up browsing (& buying!) for a while, & each of the several employees I spoke to was friendly, helpful, & the fellow I gave "the test" to was totally knowledgeable not only about the inventory in general, but MY WINE in particular, of the thousands that they have there.  His expertise blew me away!  On top of that, I had several benchmark prices of favorite wines in memory to try to compare with Total Wines' prices, besides the one I was asking about in particular.Total Wines had all of my wines in stock (!), & their price for each was just great...  lower than I've ever seen any of them for in Arizona!5-Stars for Total Wines & More, "The 8th Wonder of the World"; I'm a true believer!
5	I love you and see you soon.
4	I love trying new drinks, but I'm a stingy bastard and hate paying too much for my brain-soft sauce.  With that in mind, I was very happy to learn of Total Wine and More, which is only half a block from work.  Their prices consistently beat all of the grocery and liquor stores, the layout is nice, and the folks working there were pretty nice despite being a bit eager for their day to be done, but I'll chalk that up to the fact that I got there 10 minutes before closing time.
4	Thanks to Sara V. I learned about Total Wine & More through her and when i heard they were opening up locations in Phoenix, I was excited. Anywho, 6 visits later, I can honestly say I'm a fan of total wine and moreso than BevMo. I love that there's a wide selection of wines from all over. My favorites are Riesling, Moscato, Rose, Pinot Noirs and sparkling wines. Yes, I love the sweet kinds.Anywho, my most recent visit, had me buying two kinds of Rieslings both recommended, a Bree and the other one a German Riesling. I recently had Moscato the night before and loved, it was sweet like apple cider and very flavor, with it's apple and peach undertones...simply delish! The Bug Juice Moscato was YUM and elegant. I totally enjoy the selection not just for wines but for beers as well. I like that I can by some hoegardaan for cheap and I like the wine tastings going on. The staff's helpful and overall I like the layout and the prices!
1	I am sorry, but my impressions are total different that the other reviewers.  I am a stickler for customer service and Total Wines has the worst customer service I have ever experienced.  I am a relatively big purchaser of high-end wines, not only for my consumption but for consumption by my wine "club" who meet regularly to try new wines -- especially the high-end, highly rated wines.  I am not exaggerating, but on at least 8 ocassions, I have called a number of stores, sent faxes and emails, and have never ever received a call-back or a response.  This is also true about their corporate offices.  HQ also never responds to inquiries.  They might have a large inventory, but if you can never find what you want, what good is it?  Also, their online website search capability is sorely lacking in capability.
4	I tried Total Wine for the first time during its Grand Opening weekend... I was greatly disappointed, 4 of the 6 bottles of wine I had purchased had gone bad.  I kept them on my counter for a few weeks and never took them back... I wish I did now!  I waiting a few months then decided to try it again, to pick up some Espresso vodka.  I found that their regular prices for my Van Gogh Vodka was $6 less than I've found it at Bevmo on Sale!  I also picked up some other great liquors and mixers while I was there.  The selection of wine and spirits there is unreal... it's like a Cosco for booze. Since after this trip, I was very impressed with the selection and pricing. I went back again for some more liquor and was pleased again.  The next time I decided to give their wine another try.  I had just taken a trip to Napa and had some specific wines in mind that I wanted to purchase.  They had all but one.  The gentleman helping me was very knowledgeable, he knew the vineyard and suggested a couple other wines that would be very similar, he was correct, they were awesome!  I would recommend stopping in Total wine, they had a slow start with me, but have since gained momentum and have taken my favorite liquor store award away from Bevmo!
4	Fantastic. I really wanted to love bev mo- but never did. But then Total Wine came into my life- WOW! I have found the selection to be impressive and the help /suggestions to be on point.Last time we went, they were having tastings- so that was a fun surprise. They do have coupons come in the paper or email occasionally- so that is always nice. Overall the best prices that I have found on my regular brands of wine that I buy.
4	Free liquor is illegal but a $.01 tasting is just fine and dandy.Stop on in and see just about every beer wine and spirit you can want at a decent price. If you are lucky it will be the tasting hours, and for any amount of $ you can try a few wines and maybe more.Knowledgeable and helpful staff are here to.
5	Way better than BevMo! Total Wine has always treated me right. They have a great selection of Beer, Booze, & Wine of course! Prices are good. Sure something goes on sale at Safeway with a club card every now and again and might be cheaper by a few dollars. But this is your Total One Stop Shop! I have never been disappointed here at all.
5	Total Wine has the best selections and even better prices! My husband and I used to travel all the way to the Glendale location from north Phoenix, but now we have one in Dersert Ridge... thank goodness! The staff is very friendly and knowlegable. 5 Stars!!
5	I cannot fathom a liquor store being more fantastic than Total. Their staff is great, their prices are unbeatable, and their selection is stunning.
4	Bev-Who? This place rocks! The prices are awesome and they normally have coupons in the Sunday paper. Last time we were there they had a rum tasting. The staff is very friendly, although sometimes hard to find. I think it took us 2 rum tastings and 20 minutes to pick out a Tequila for a party...the selection is huge! Prost!
5	YES!!!! THIS IS THE PLACE FOR BOOZEHOUNDS! I FRICKEN LOVE THIS PLACE! Seriously, if you are looking for a liquor store that has it all and has been "classified" so it doesn't look like your average on the corner hobo filled booze store, then you will love this place! Honestly, if you can't find something you like here, you are a horrible person that no one likes because you are too dang high maintenance. Haha. Every time I have come here, I have been able to find exactly what I needed (well not necessarily needed but I felt that I needed it at the time). The store is organized nicely so you can find everything easily and the clerks really seem to know their alcohol cause every time I have asked about something, they know what they are talking about. Even if what you want (you high maintenance people) is not sold in this 800+ meca of wines and beers, the clerks still seem like they would know what it is and why they don't have it. For instance, my step-mom wanted some wine she had sampled at Olive Garden a few weeks prior to us going there. She didn't know the name but the guy we spoke with there knew exactly what we were talking about and informed us that the supplier for OG was not yet selling that wine to total wine and more but they were working on getting it. He quickly suggested another wine they did have that was very close in taste. Wow, this guy's brain was like a vast empire of wine knowledge! Anyways, another great thing about this place is they are way cheaper than Bevho and they also have a bigger selection of mini liquors. This came in handy for the gift bags I made for a bachelorette party I was hosting which then came in handy for when the bars were closing down and we still wanted to get our drink on. So to wrap this up, if you are a boozer, alcoholic, boozehound, or just the average everyday citizen that likes to have a drink here or there from a flask (yes they have many of them!), this is the place for you! This place is like Disneyland for drunkards! Oh and they have wine tastings for the rich classy folks! Haha
5	I have spent $500+ at BevMo. I actually have a 10% coupon off my next entire order since I've ordered so much. But guess what... I go to TW&M now. The way I figure it... TW&M has cheaper prices than BevMo and over time I will save money. Their selection is phenomenal. I think they have a bigger wine/champagne selection too, but I am not much of a winer drinker so I may not be the one to review this part of it.I also am not a beer drinker... but I think they have a pretty kick ass beer selection. They even have a single-beer a la carte section from micro breweries. Pretty sweet huh?Get here quick. The staff is knowledgeable too!
5	For a one stop booze stop this is it... They have the best prices I have seen anywhere and the prices never change it's like a sale all the time. Huge selection of craft beer the cool thing is you can buy any of them in just a single bottle to see if you like it not end up with a 6 pack that you really have to fight it to drink it down...  They really support the local breweries as well tons of beers from all around Arizona.  Always friendly staff just an all-around nice place.
4	I'm not a big drinker, but this place is pretty sweet if you are. Huge selection at excellent prices.
5	Great place for a quick alcohol or cigar purchase.   They have nice humidor with a decent selection of cigars from in-expensive to high dollar.  HUGE selection of nearly any liquor or beer you can think of.  I love the build your own 6 pack option they give you....  plus they carry my new favorite black rum...Kraken
5	This place is amazing. I'm a frequent Total & More visitor, always walking up and down the aisles, picking up and putting down 6-packs in search for a favorite to enjoy that evening, or pondering what the new brew will taste like. The prices are unbeatable and by far beat out those of BevMo and the surrounding grocery stores. Nice staff too!
5	With many visits (& a few extra pounds) under my belt since last reviewing this place, I'm here to report that Total Wine here is:*  Always friendly!*  Always has a monster selection of wines, beers, & booze on hand!*  Always very low prices!*  Always 5 Stars!!     :-))
5	Gotta love this place if you're a wine or beer connoisseur, as the selection surpasses everything else out there. Where else can you find very enjoyable Cotes du Rhone and Burgundy wines (as well as great CA wines) for well under $20??? Costco may undercut them price-wise on a few things, and yes they do have the incredible Kirkland and Cameron Hughes brands, but TW&M has consistency and variety (as well as available, knowledgeable staff) on their side. Great selections on all varietals and all viticultural regions of the world. Their free wine tastings (and occasional liquor samplings) also make it the go-to place for libation aficionados. I always get a warm and fuzzy feeling coming in here. They also have a not too shabby liquor and mixing beverage section, every kind of beer or ale you can think of, and all kinds of miscellanious beverage paraphernalia/implements and other goods. Plus, they have like 5 or 6 locations now all over the Valley, so you don't have to travel too far across town to get to one anymore!
4	Fantastic!!!  I love coming to Arizona to visit family.  This is the very first place I visit!!  For all my Nor Cal friends, this is the mecca of wine stores.  Bevmo has NOTHING on this place.  Every wine you can think of, with an inventory of 8000 bottles!  Complete aisles for specific liquor.  Meaning, if you want a particular scotch, you can visit the scotch aisle.  Yes, an entire aisle of just about every single, blended scotch on the planet.Staff working the aisles, willing to help with any questions.  Sometimes, during the days, they'll have wine tasting, olive tasting, etc.  The pricing is also amazing.  A large bottle of crown at costo sells for 31.00, they had it there for 33, no sale or club pricing. If you come here, make it an experience, give yourself time to browse.  Very special.I only gave it 4/5 stars because of the vastness and availability of these beverages, it can be a little challenging to find what you're looking for.  Perhaps i'm the out-of-town-noob who hasn't quite figured it all out.Visit this place!!
3	I'm giving this Total Wine & More location three stars instead of five because two of the cashiers were complete jerks to me, but two of the other employees helped me find what I was looking for, made suggestions, and were generally awesome. I recently turned 21 and have not gotten my horizontal drivers license yet. My drivers license clearly says my birth date on it, yet the two cashiers treated me like I was trying to buy alcohol illegally and practically interrogated me about my age. Several of my friends said they have had similar experiences at Total Wine, so maybe it's just a Total Wine thing. Either way, they need to stop treating their younger customers like second-class citizens, or I will take my alcohol purchases elsewhere.
5	I feel like an alcoholic when I visit Total Wine. I really don't drink much, maybe an average of a drink a week, but when I walk through those doors I'm like a kid at FAO Schwarz... I want everything. The bottles all gleaming under the lights, the thousands of selections tempting my every step, the ridiculously helpful staff around each corner explaining every product down to its molecular anatomy, those little price tags that seem too good to be true... what else do I need to say. Five stars.
2	I shop at BevMo once a month or so, give or take. Decided to swing by the nearby Total Wine based on reliable reviews claiming better prices here. They have undoubtedly a great selection, and prices are comprable. (though jury is still out on wether its "better") This review is based on what I would expect for someone who did not know what they were looking for. Though I can navigate a store like this fairly comfortably, others might not. I walked around casually in this store for close to an hour (had a lot of time to kill) soaking in the sights. It's a Monday afternoon, about 3pm and not one of the 12 or so employees that I passed by asked if i needed any help, or even said hello for that matter. One of the employees I even passed by 2 or 3 times, as he casually perused his own bottles while on a very engaging personal call wandering through the aisles as well. I did see one salesman actually working, but maybe in a he was "working them" kind of sense. He was with a younger couple of college kids looking into exploring the world of wine, and looking for a great value. Couldn't help but overhear him trying to convince them that the $58. Spanish Riserva, was such a great deal for the money. Hmn...maybe it is...and how many times can we skin a sheep? You might get those two this once but good luck on seeing those two again my friend.I also couldn't help but notice a pretty bottle of 2004 Chateau Petrus ($1999.00) sitting in a case, standing upright under a direct light. Ooooh pretty, thats what a 2k bottle of wine looks like. Oooh pretty, thats what a 2k bottle of wine with the dried out cork, due to improper storing techniques, and a direct light focused 6 inches away looks like. Now, this is just one mans thoughts, but...you know what? a $2000, bottle of wine is not exactly an impulse buy, Im not going to see your Petrus hanging out in your display of surrogate manhood, and say oh hey...I think im going to get me a kitkat, and I'll take that Petrus on the shelf too. I'm pretty sure if someone wants a bottle of Petrus, they'll ask for it, and much prefer to find it tucked away and stored properly. I sure hope that was a dummy bottle up there...but I dont think that was the case.Out I go, nearly an hour of wandering, no customer- staff interaction...one of them almost shoulder checking me on the way out the door. Did I need help with anything? No, not really but I am  terribly unimpressed that noone bothered to ask if I did. You guys get a 2 for now, oh and take your personal calls in the back please..seriously, what are you, 16 on the late night shift at Mc-D's?
5	I go to this store once a week or every 2 weeks.  Usually on a Friday. Every time I go in there, at least one staff lets out a friendly "Hi" (but more often I am greeted by 3 or 4 employees as I am walking through the store)   . My favorite thing to do is go directly to the wine tasting bar and try everything they have put out there.  I'm impressed with the knowledge of the areas where the vineyards are grown for the wines they are letting you taste test for free.  Some of them will start talking about their own, personal visits to these regions and how lovely and beautiful it was in France or Napa Valley or really, many parts of the world.  If you know nothing about wine and need some advice, again, they have a VERY knowledgeable staff that is ready and willing to help you.  The wine selection is HUGE.  The liquor selection is quite large as well and the beer aisles have all kinds of imported beers.  This store also has a walk-in humidor with a large selection of all kinds of popular cigars at all kinds of pricing from cheap to expensive.  Contrary to other postings, I have never found the staff to be unfriendly.  There are times when some of them are wrapped up in a phone conversation, yes, but that is a negligible downside to the place when considering there are plenty of other staff available to help you out.  And yes, I am approached by staff and asked if I need help finding anything. But, the experience at the wine bar is the best, especially if there are a lot of people milling around it and a lot of "colorful" conversations come forth!  I give it a 5 star rating because it deserves it!
4	good selection, they had pretty good prices too
5	Love it!  Massively huge selection, low prices and friendly staff.  It's my go to place when I need to booze-up.
5	While other guys will head over to Best Buy to put together their man cave, you can find me wine tasting and booze tasting most every Friday after work and Saturday afternoon.  Every employee is helpful and pleasant and the prices are 10% or more less expensive than BevMo and sometimes cheaper than Costco.  I highly recommend Total Wine.  Their wine tastings are free and they turned me on to many types that I wouldn't have normally tried.  Their beer and booze selection is expansive and they recently filled two missing items that I had wanted for some time-Rum Chata and UV Coconut Vodka.  I'd like to think I had something to do with that, but I didn't.  Who cares?  This place is heaven on Earth.One minor suggestion-I wish they had a 5 cent wine sale to rival BevMo's.**Tip**Weekday wine tasting ends at 6PMWeekend wine tasting starts in the early afternoon**Tip 2**They honor manufacturer coupons...yes, I'm cheap!
2	Manger gets 5 stars, lovely cashier gets 5 stars on her second day.  The gentleman in the beer department gets 1 star.  I have never been treated so poorly.  Guess they are confident that customer service is not needed if they have a great selection.  Anthony appeared to have no knowledge about the beer.  If he had knowledge, he certainly did not want to share it!  There are other options out there.  Bev-mo has great beer too.  Take your business where it will be appreciated.
5	My husband and I were in the area shopping for a new couch when we drove by.  We didn't end up finding a couch, but we did get a cart full of fantastically priced booze!
5	Great selection and reasonable prices.
4	Love the selection, love the prices!! I agree with the others too--superior to BevMo.One complaint: it seems that they are always out of Bell's Two Hearted Ale when my husband and I go in. Are they not ordering enough? Inadequate allocation by their distributor or the brewing company? Come on guys! I'd buy it if you had it in stock...
5	If you want wine and have no idea what you're doing, ask for help. They truely know their stuff. All recommendations have been great!  They have wine classes and my favorite beer The Optimator!  Coupons sometimes in newspaper or online.
2	I love total wine...just not this one.I shop for beer and occasionally shop for wine. I'm not sure if the stocking is broken up into sections by type of alcohol (spirits, wine, beer) but whoever orders the beer does a horrible job. I can always count on this Total Wine to NEVER have what I'm looking for. The shelves are almost always half full with gaps everywhere and signs saying it's out of stock. If I want a good selection, I drive to the one of Shea.FIRE the person who orders the beer! North Scottsdale can get it right, you should be able to as well.
5	Upon entering this Total Wine & More I thought to myself;At first I was afraid... I was petrifiedKept thinkin' I could never live without this place by my sideThen I spent so many nights Just thinking how Bevmo did me wrongAnd I grew strongAnd I learned how to get alongI found the Sommelier and said;And so you're back.... from outer spaceI just walked in to find you here, with that look upon your faceI should have brought more cash with meI should have realized nothing's for freeIf I had known for just one second you'd be back to teach meGo on now, go... walk down the aisleJust turn around nowCause you're expertise is needed here some more Weren't you the one who tried to break me with good by?Did you think I'd crumble?Did you think I'd lay down and die?Oh no not I, I will surviveFor as long as I know how to drink, I know I'll stay aliveI've got all my life to liveAnd I've got all my wine  to drinkI'll surviveI will surviveAs long as Total Wine is right here by my sidei'll surviveHey hey(peace out!)
3	Great prices and a lot of wine! God forbid if you're with anyone who is under 21! I went to buy one bottle of wine and they freaked out! So, if you have any friends tagging a long have them wait in the car! I had to come back on another day. It was annoying!
4	Why Total Wine is better than Bevmo :1) Bevmo does not like you to get joy from being able to pick from rows and rows of single beers so you can build your own special pack2) organization 3) About every beer you can buy in a 6 pack you can find on the "single" shelves as well. Wait did i already state this?I love me a good beer tasting and Total Wine lets me go bananas with my choices.Love you TW&M !
1	I asked for help finding Maderia wine, I was asked if it was a grape.  Than Sorry man I am a beer guy and the employee walked off with zero help.  After asking 4 different people I finally got a vague location of the wine - "It under the port down there....." Great. I could not find the mixers and soft drinks as they are in three different spots and 20 minutes later I got fussed at because my daughters helped unload the soft drinks and unloaded the one bottle of Maderia wine.  I was wrong to let them unload the cart, but the vehemence from the woman at the stand was not called for.  Never again - never.  I'll pay more at another store not to waste my time or deal with that lack of customer care.
5	This place is great! On top of the huge selection and great prices on wine, beer and spirits they have complimentary wine tasting on Fri, Sat and Sun. They had many wines to taste which is always helpful when you are hesitant to buy something new. It was a bit overwhelming when we started looking at all the different types of wine they offered and the staff was very friendly and helpful. We will definitely be back.
4	I was impressed with this store. It is HUGE. The size of a warehouse and it's packed to the gills with every kind of alcohol you can think of, plus snacks, accessories, gadgets, and everything else a wine/beer/whisky/scotch lover could want. Lots of fun and unique labels, too.
5	I love this place and even though it's a little out of the way, it can't be beat.  The selection here is pretty great but doesn't offer some of the truly unique beers I can find at top's.  That being said, they prices here are amazing; seriously up to $10 cheaper than the stores around me.  Everyone is very helpful and happy here, I even got into a 10 minutes conversation about craft beer with a customer:)  I like that they offer some great beers in growlers too, even though I have yet to get one.  Stop in, you wont regret it.
5	This place is awesome.  As a beer enthusiast I am very impressed.  Isles and isles of beer, from local craft brewers to old German breweries.  One of the coolest things about beer shopping here are the rating cards from The Beer Advocate on the shelves next to the selections....very useful and helpful.
5	So much beer so little time. Sure it's mostly a wine store but they have a huge beer selection. It is also cheeper than the grocery store. Enough to make it worth the trip. Plus they have even more beer than the store. Even the old favorites are cheeper. Some stuff you can't find anywhere else.You probably won't try everything but it's nice to know it's there. The staff is nice and helpful. The check out line moves pretty good and major bonus is no screaming kids.
5	Wow!  This place is awesome.  I am a beer guy and love to try new beers.  Total Wine offers tons of singles so you don't have to buy a whole six pack.  They a very long aisle with singles on both sides.  It is a bit overwhelming but worth spending the time to see what they have.  I was able to pick up at least 6 different IPAs that I had not tried before.  The staff were very friendly and knowledgeable which is always a plus.  I will definitely be back!
5	I am so grateful they decided to open one of these stores less than 5 miles from my house! They have thousands of labels as well as an excellent assortment of beers and spirits and the prices are very competitive. I like that they have the wines divided into countries as well as by type. I also appreciate the 'recommendations' from the staff that are posted. I am a big California wine drinker, but I also enjoy trying something made locally as well as from other places. I also like that now they have the multi bottle (6) discount.
4	I had heard about Total Wine from numerous people but have never lived close to one. When I spotted it on my way to IKEA one day, I knew I had to check it out. A couple weeks later after a family trip to IKEA, we decided to stop by.As soon as we walked in we were greeted. There was a lot of staff on the floor so it was easy to find someone to ask a question, but there wasn't someone around every corner asking if you needed help with anything. Browsing is encouraged, which is nice. My husband has been looking around forever for a "turtle" so he can make his Black Velvets easily but the three or four people he asked had no idea what it was. (He finally ordered it off Amazon)I found a wine that I LOVE and am unable to find anywhere outside of Washington State (Chateau Ste. Michelle Dry Riesling). The beer selection is awesome and they offer singles if you are into mixing your six packs. I wish I was more prepared and had an empty growler with me because they do growler fills as well.My girls were thirsty and I couldn't find a water fountain (it's over by the bathroom, of course, as I later found out) so I bought a bottle of water off the shelf. The cashier told me that I could put it in their chiller if I wanted it cold. That was pretty cool.After reading a bunch of reviews, fellow yelpers keep saying that this place is way better then BevMo, which I have never been to but now need to check out. I'm sure this will continue to be our brewsky shopping destination when we are in the area.
5	Hmm, how to describe this place? An adult candy store . . . Wine enthusiast paradise  . . . yeup, that sounds about right!Expect to be ID'ed at the door. If you're female, under 5'5" and look younger than your age, expect to be ID'ed a couple of times throughout the store. But that's really no big deal. If you have time to kill, it's fun to chat with some of the serious winos that frequent Total Wine & More. One of them helped me find an AWESOME Malbec (Maipe, Reserve). One of their employees introduced me to Kitchen Sink (Red and White Blends)  and Radius Wines (Washington State - good stuff). My favorite from Radius? The Cabernet Sauvignon. Delicious, and works perfectly with my Red Wine Cupcakes with Cream Cheese Frosting recipe. You read that right! :) The beer selection is phenomenal; I've found a lot of my favorites from Colorado Breweries. Creating your own six pack is the best part!Will cost you less than the grocery store in the long run, so Total Wine is worth the trip for sure!
5	This is a store where you can really lose track of time.  I always give myself extra time when I am coming here because it is so great to just browse.  It's like going into an old book store to me.  I can just be there for hours on end.  They have a great selection of wine but they also have beer and all the other types of liquor such as Gin, Bailey's Irish Cream etc.  If you go on a Friday or Saturday they have a small tasting area where they normally have about 4 wines to offer for tasting.  It's a nice way to get to know the wine.  They also have classes here.  This is a fun experience, just make sure you have the time and you have an ID because they do ask for it.
5	Lots of selection and good prices! Its hard to find a better liquor store than this.
4	For wine, liquor, and beer selection, Total Wine can't be beat. I'm not much of a wine drinker, and even I was impressed by the massive selection of wines they had. Almost each one has a small description on the tag so you have an idea of what to expect in your bottle. They have a pretty wide selection of liquors, with multiple varieties of each type. The rum and vodka selection was especially tempting. I was in search of some Belgian lambic and headed over to the beer section. In addition to the common Lindeman's brand, they had 3-4 other brands of lambic, priced very reasonably. The 11 oz. bottles of the Lindeman's brand were about 1-2 dollars less than the prices I've seen at other stores. I picked up 2 types of framboise lambic that I hadn't seen before until now. Check out was easy, and the cashier was very friendly and cheerful. If you're looking for value, selection, and quality, Total Wine is your place to be!
5	I'm in love with the beer selection! So many to choose from and I love how they have local beers from around the state, outstanding! The staff is always helpful and friendly and prices are great.
4	To be fair I've only seen a few aisles of the store, but of that - it's quite impressive.  My last visit was to look for cognac.  There was a dizzying array, so with my limited knowledge I'll have to do some research.  That, or go "tried and true" which means I'll buy at Costco.  But if you know what you're doing, or are willing to try something new - give this place a try.  It seems to have a good selection of everything.  Prices?  Of the cognac, I only recognized three or four brands.  Cheaper than grocery stores (if you can find them,) though not as low as Costco.
5	Could be in here forever, sampling and buying, glad we stopped in here for our wine selections. Great array of wines from reds to whites, and everything in between. Customer service was perfect not too in your face but not ignoring us either. Got great help and found what we were looking for! Gotta look for one closer to the house, or maybe not... Lol
4	Wow, great and excellent prices. The floor staff was all pretty helpful too and knowledgeable with recommendations. The only thing I didn't like was the demo lady on the wines, not the champagne. Yes, I know I look young but i am still a paying customer. It was kind of like the pretty woman scene. Big mistake, big... She ID'ed me and a colleague of mine which is understandable, but she wasn't really aiming to please. She was more helpful to other older couples and offering samples to them and talking about the wines where she just left us to asked for a sample. And aren't you supposed to rinse the glass in between samples, as to not mix the flavors of the wines? She did for mine, but not for my colleague, who was the reason to come in today. She made us feel like we were college students trying to get away with a free happy hour at her serving station. After the second sample, we left. If this was her way or marketing her wine, it is not effective.
4	I was a very loyal BevMo shopper.  Now, after visiting two different Total Wine's, I think I'm going to switch my allegiance.  BevMo's prices have been going up and up and up, and they send out those puny 5% coupons.  Yeah, thanks for taking care of half the tax.  (insert eye roll here)I got some great deals at Total Wine, such as the 750 ml Belvedere for $18.50.  What?!?  That's usually closer to 30 bucks.  I was in this one on Christmas Eve, so of course it was a madhouse.  I plan to go back when it's slower and really dig through the craft beer and bourbon sections.  Helllloooooo Total Wine!  You made my Christmas!
5	I was lookin' for a bottle of Rosa Regale tonight to ring in the new year.  This rose-infused banfi isn't the most common sparkling wine, and Trader Joe's only has it sometimes, so I wanted to make sure that I went to a place that certainly had it in stock.Did I find it?  Yup, I got the last one actually.  The selection is enormous, and if I had an extra hour or two, I would have gone through the store with a fine-toothed comb to familiarize myself with what they have.  DEFINITELY bigger than BevMo, and lots of help on the floor when (not if) you need help finding that Merlot or Lager amidst hundreds of others.I'm not a big drinker, but if I need something containing ethanol, I know that it's likely I'll find it here or they'll try to find it for me.
5	Does it help to be an alcoholic to work here? Just a rhetorical question. I'm sure it helps if you're a customer. I mean all those choices - I feel like a kid in a candy store. But it wasn't always this way with Total Wine. I remember when they first started popping up all over the place and I got a gift card for Christmas and I wanted to spend it all in one store but their beer selection was completely lacking. Wanted some Belgian beer - Ename and the guy trying to help me out gave me this DUH look and told me they didn't have it and he'd never even heard of it. To be fair, I asked someone at Bevmo the same thing and he HAD heard of it and they were available in their California stores but because of some Arizona regulations they couldn't stock it here locally. So I've been a discount card carrying member of Bevmo since then and one day I walked into this Total Wine and realized they had everything I could ever want right here in this store. No need to wait till the next time I went to California to get certain things. Sometime during the past 6 or 7 years Total Wine did a total turnaround and actually surpassed BevMo! as THE place to go for your alcohol needs.So I'm not into Dave Letterman or MSN style top ten lists but here are my top 3 reasons to go to this Total Wine instead of the BevMo! on Ray and 54th Street:1) Selection is much better. Also, if you go online on Total Wine's site, they'll even tell you which aisle and which side of the aisle the item is located on. BevMo's site just tells you how many they have available in that store.2) Total Wine has it's own parking lot all by itself. BevMo! shares a parking lot with a bunch of other businesses and is pretty close to the Sandbar - I had a few close calls with some folks that I'm sure made the most of happy hour before leaving the parking lot. 3) BevMo! closes at 9PM every day except Sunday - when they close at 7PM. Total Wine closes at 10PM every day except Sunday - when they close at 9PM. So you simply have no choice but to go to Total Wine if you waited too long to stock up.
5	This place has a very good selection of wine, beers, and other beverages. The staff is very friendly and helpful and the prices are good.
4	My friends chuckle when I say I need to do my "weekly grocery" shopping at Total Wine. Some call it alcoholic, I call it great hospitality and being prepared when friends come over which is almost on a daily basis. First off, Total Wine should be your first stop for any alcohol and they usually can beat most prices. I have been buying vodka and mixers here for awhile now and still save money over Walmart. They have liquors from here and far away and the staff is quite friendly. I have grown accustom to seeing the staff and I'm sure the feeling is mutual. I don't have any complaints about Total Wine other than their ID verification process. I have been visiting this place for over two years now but they still log my ID information and have to call over a manager for approval. I understand they are probably abiding by the law but it holds up the line and draws attention from other customers.
5	I'm a big fan of Total Eine for anything alcohol. The store is beautiful, always well kept and organized, the employees are always willing to help, and the selection is incredible! They also have a nice humidor for cigar lovers, and the prices are very competitive with anywhere else I've gone. I will definitely keep going back!
5	Wow! This Total Wine store is huge! Everything you can find in any type of spirit.  Just name your poison. =)This particular location was quite busy!  (Then again, we went on a Friday night)  The staff is super friendly, and check out was super quick. All aisles are organized and clearly marked so you can find what you're looking for.  The prices are very good (the best ones around for liquor) and all depends on what you're buying of course.  But you'll definitely find what you're looking for here! You may even find something new that you'd like to try!
5	I used to get all my liquor at grocery stores, but then I found Bevmo, and I thought thats it, no more grocery stores this place is too great. However, then I found Total Wine, and it completely changed the alcohol buying world for me altogether.Total Wine is hands down my favorite place to purchase my favorite different liquors and this location is by far my favorite one to visit. Not only is the staff here super helpful and friendly, but every time I go in here there is some kind of free wine or liquor tasting. It's like the free samples at Costco, but with alcohol. Not too mention they always have the best craft brews available on tap to fill your Growlers with.On top of all those wonderful qualities, they have the best prices. I am a whiskey man myself, and not only do they have the best selection, but their prices are sometimes $5-$10 cheaper than grocery stores and competitive liquor stores. If you are close to this location, or any Total Wine, do yourself a favor and start shopping there.
4	Best prices in the valley; very helpful staff and tastings every weekend...Try the Chives 18 Scotch or Basil Hayden's Bourbon!
5	Great selection! I was impressed with the amount of alcohol in this store, and the prices were incredibly fair. This will be where I come to shop and stock up when I'm in the area. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable about the products they sell.
5	Nice selection of Wine, Spirits, and Beer.  Sampling Hayes Parker Spice Flavor Bourbon Whiskey.
5	Friendly & knowledgeable staff with decent prices. The selection is out of this world PLUS they offer classes you can take. Super-groovy!
5	So about 2 months ago I had my first success at escaping Costco for under $100 per trip, even when I went for just some toilet paper. Finally thinking I had managed to control my spending consistently I relaxed a bit. The problem was I had just begun to realize the beauty that is Total Wine around the same time. Now instead of having a problem where I can't escape Costco without spending more than I planned it's Total Wine that is the direct enemy of my bank account.Half my problem is that I'm not just a beer guy or a vodka guy or a rum guy or a bourbon guy, I'm a good alcohol guy and that means I roam the store looking for good things. I don't just go for a 6-Pack and leave with a 6-Pack i get a 6-pack, 3 craft bombers, and a bottle of bourbon and thoughts of that aged rum dancing in my head.for instance I went to pick up a single bottle of a special release beer the other day (Firestone Walker Double DBA) and was only going to get that bottle....yeah by the time I was done I needed a wine bottle case to fit all the beer I walked out with.The staff is friendly and can come up with some good recommendations, to whomever told me about the Pikes Peak Porter thank you, and the prices are generally pretty low. Their regular prices on some bottles of things are lower than others sale prices.
5	Let me just lead with: you can find Willet single barrel bourbon at Total Wine for $38. I buy all of my club soda here for $3 when most stores always charge $5-6 for a six pack. The store is laid out well and the employees are very friendly. They have a HUGE selection of liquor not just *wine.*I don't know how they get these low prices, and frankly, I don't care. Just keep the vino coming!
5	The selection of adult beverages in the place is nothing short of incredible.  I absolutely love this place.I would challenge you to think of the most obscure alcoholic beverage you can think of and see if it is there.  When I first went to this place about a year ago, I went to the 'build-a 6-pack' aisle for beers and went to town.  I love how all of the non-seasonal beers are on a rating scale form 0-100 (by some magazine that I can't recall, but an independent judge).  Over the course of the next few trips, I dropped about $120 each time and by the time I was done had sampled every beer rated over 85 in the isle (that took quite a long time, as I usually only have 3-4 a week).  We ket tabs on the ones we liked and by the time we were done, we had about 7-8 favorites that we return for pretty regularly now (all of which are nowhere to be fond in any regular store).  I suppose we could have taken the short cut of just asking the people there for some recommendations based on what we liked in a beer, but 1/2 the fun was the experimentation and trying all the different beers, so we just followed the ratings and picked on our own.  Their prices are better than just about all other options, but for us the distance offsets the dollar savings.. we go there for the selection.Hint:1:  The rating system was bang-on....  all of these beers were really very good, but when we picked the few that were 95+.... WOW.   Hint 2:  Once you find a beer you really like on the single bottle aisle, head one aisle over to see if it is available in a 6-pack or 12-pack.  Some are not, but a lot are (especially the highly rated ones).  You'll save a lot that way.  Once we had picked our favorites and switched over to this route, we cut the shopping bill by about half and left with more beverages than we did with all the sampling.  Hint 3:  Go on a Saturday afternoon.  It's a lot slower than Friday or Saturday evening but they are staffed up for Saturday PM and there are several people around to help if you have questions.
5	Hello, my name is Andy, and.... oh wait wrong place.Choose your vice here. Always a good experience. The staff are professional and know their stuff, selection is 2nd to none if you know what you're looking for, may be a little overwhelming if not. I'm often blown away by the wines. They are organized by region and/or type (i.e. Bordeaux/Burgandy for some, but Sparkling for others), and it helps to have a specific one in mind prior to browsing. Beer variety is extensive with standards such as Ommegang, Goose Island, Deschutes, as well as Belgian imports etc, but not comprehensive so be flexible.  Beer tags often have helpful reviews and summaries from Draft Magazine or Beer Enthusiast. I usually buy way too much, but like to sample a 6 pack of different brews I've never tried before. We've also bought specialty glasses and decanters from here, and their cigar room is also impressive.  Makes me feel like a kid in a candy store, and it's tough to walk out without salivating.
4	This location is huge and not crammed.  Huge variety and staff willing to assist you find product.  Was happy I found iron maiden beer here for my husband.  I drive over 30 minutes to come here because I like it!
4	This is the greatest liquor store! They've got a huge selection and if they don't have something then they will search for it and special order it. Just wish they'd get Dolin dry vermouth! Makes a perfect martini. Oh! Gil rocks!!
5	Ermahgawd this place is incredible. If it exists, they have it. Wondering were to buy you next $7 bottle of wine? Look no further. How about a $900 bottle of scotch? Got that too. I don't have a drinking problem, but I bet I could get one here!
1	the manager was extremely rude. the selection was awesome and most of the people doing sampling were nice. but the manager made yelled at us, told us we were allowed even near any tasting, nor to even stand in the checkout line and made all of my group but one (who was around 50) leave because one of us was 21 with a vertical license. (even though no one had ever even mentioned to us about the new license law before). total wine, (this location at least) lost my business for good. BevMo has never been so rude.
4	This place has a great selection of wine and beer. This store is huge and it is very easy to get lost trying to find what you want. The only thing that I think BevMo has an advantage over is that it has a greater soda collection. Well it at least stocks  Fevertree ginger ale, which is possibly one of the best ginger ales I have tried so far. The cider selection here is definitely better than the selection at the BevMo stores I have been to. Total Wine closes an hour later than BevMo which is great when you are feeling for some alcohol at night.
5	Total Wine might just be one of my favorite places on earth. A regular adult Wonderland of fun, joy and future inebriation. Where fully grown adults practically skip down the aisles. Yes, it has a lot of do with the fact they sample delectable drinks that induce an extra gregarious mood but there are many other wonderful points to be made about this delightful establishment. Such as the vast selection of products they carry, the extremely knowledgeable and friendly staff, and their great deals on prices. (I'm so so sorry other store slightly down the way that shall not be named.) Now if you do excuse me I must finish pushing my cart full of booze, that possibly makes me look like a raging alcoholic or that I am having a very very very large gathering, to my car.
1	This is the worst total wine I've been to.   Nobody asked if they can help me find something for a full 10 min when obviously I'm needing some guidance.   Then an elderly gentleman that works there finally turns into the area I'm in and I ask where the Everclear would be since he seems like he's in a hurry.  He takes me over to the vodka shelf (next aisle) and says "we may be out,  it's outlawed now,  another lady was looking for it today.   Yup!"   He gets up and starts walking away and all I can do is say um and raise my hand as if to say wtf that's it??  He says halfway turned to me walking away "did you have anything else ma'am?"Well,  a good alternative would have been nice.   I think there was an alternate ingredient mentioned in the recipe that maybe a guy that works at a liquor store would know.  Or even a solid minute of a decent respectful conversation face to face.  But no,  I spent another five minutes walking around looking for it (or anyone that would even acknowledge me) and left empty handed.
4	My go to place for all things liquor. They've always been helpful. I find the store easy to maneuver and the employees have different points of views but all worthwhile. Great for gifts. I love the Godiva box for gifts.
