4	This is a great restaurant for women to go to while they are shopping at Scottsdale Fashion Square. It's a great menu for men because of the amount of red meat. See a problem there? I do, and it makes me upset to say, because I really want it to thrive. But when you make a restaurant which so heavily appeals to women, and then build the menu and style of cooking around men, it makes one wonder.I hope it works, because the dishes we tried were great and the typical hip, fun, happy Sam Fox atmosphere was there. The restaurant is what I would describe as "pretty" so it may not be a place for guys night out, but it would be ideal for a group of girls shopping, a guy picking his wife up after she shopped, or just anything that involves women. The bar was very different however, and gave a much more masculine feel, while in contrast to the restaurant it felt like the most masculine bar ever made. My short rib was tender and delicious, and my girl's filet was one of the best she had in quite some time. We also enjoyed the cheesy potato side and the mushroom side. The bread they serve prior to the meal is stuffed with bacon (weird but oh so delicious.) BY FAR the highlight of the meal was the peanut butter cup, a dessert so delicious I can't even describe it.  The price point is WAY up there. $30-$75 for an entree which does not include sides, salad, or any extras. Plan on spending at least $60 per person plus cocktails, and at $10-$16 each you can really rack up a bill.Great food, and service was PERFECT!
3	This place is ok but nothing spectacular. It was predictably Sam Fox, geared toward women, as expected. The food was more expensive than I thought it would be, on par with Mastro's but not up to that level. Sam Fox obviously is a smart restaratuer as his success shows, but I always find his restaurants to be just good and not great. A little overrated in my opinion. I will probably go back at some point but if I want to go to a great steakhouse I'm going to Mastro's or Durants. Peace..
1	We went, twice, to try their mid-day menu, which is served from 3-5 p.m., as opposed to their lunch menu, which is served at mid-day.Confused already?  On our first attempt, they were just open for dinner, so no dice, but we were told that they'd be fully open as of the following day.  So we went back at 4 p.m. the following day only to find no food available until 5, at which point they start on their dinner menu.  Clearly the staff are confused by the whole thing as well.Might go back in a while once things have bedded in, but off our list for now.
4	OK so I live walking distance from Fashion Square mall and  have passed by Modern Steak the last two weeks before it was actually opened. I got to see the incredibly AMAZING decor and instantly fell in love based on that and was dying to try it. Lucky for me I had a special occasion this week - my husband's b-day and a reason to go.The food:Delicious! I had the roasted beet salad with pistachios - amazing fresh, light, perfect! I also had the chilean seabass with miso sauce and mushrooms - flavorful, light and flakey magnifiqu! For dessert the chocolate tort with ice cream... comes piping hot and is heavenly.My hubs had the chopped salad and a NY strip steak. He enjoyed it but I'm not sure if as much as I did my dish. Also he is allergic to dairy and since they didn't have any dairy -free desserts on the menu they actually offered him a free dessert wine and put together a berry dish for him. They also mentioned that they will re-evaluate the menu to offer some dairy-free options. Nice! A solid review from him!The service:fabulous! the wait staff was attentive, kind and very accommodating. We started out with a party of two at a cozy back booth and ended up with TEN people as our friends came to join. The waiter was totally cool with us taking over the area and added chairs... it was great. Of course they are trying hard since they just opened on Monday. I really hope they keep it up.The Decor:For me - soul stirring! I LOVE the design of the space and felt inspired sitting in there for the evening.All in all a great experience :)
4	My wife and I went for lunch yesterday.  Really cool decor, perhaps a bit much for some guys, but definite points for originality.  The Lunch menu was varied but not overwhelming.  The skirt steak looked interesting but we were told it had been eliminated due to prep issues, bummer.  Overall the wine list was disappointing, although I did like the concept of a few really special wines by the glass, although at $35 per we passed.Wifey had the Kobe Cheeseburger and I had Shrimp Scampi.  Both were good, although neither were memorable.  The service was terrific all around.  We'll check it out again for dinner...
5	When Jared asked me what I wanted to do for my birthday, my reply was "dinner at Modern Steak."  So, that's exactly what we did... and I couldn't have asked for anything more!We walked in and were immediately impressed with the extremely glamorous atmosphere.  Like, over the top, swanky, cool, but not quite overdone - almost like Vegas decor.  Ruthie was our server and she was fabulous!  I knew exactly what I wanted when I walked in... Jared took awhile longer.  But Ruthie was patient and sweet.  I started with a dirty martini.  Jared ordered a glass of Cabernet a little while later.  We ended up ordering a bunch of stuff and sharing.  Yes, I was the birthday girl, but I did manage to snag a copy of our receipt.  This is what it looked like:-Meris King Crab App - $24-Asparagus - $9-Rst Mushrooms - $10-Ketel One Martini $13-Chopped Salad - $9-Chilean Sea Bass - $$35-G_Manifesto (J's glass of wine) - $12-12 ox Meyers NY Strip - $30----------------------------------------Total before tip - $152.21I loved loved loved the chopped salad... lots of chopped up veggies and the perfect amount of Champagne vinaigrette.  And the beautiful thing about sharing at Modern Steak is that they split everything in the kitchen... and the portion sizes were still quite generous.  The king crab app is served warm and is melt in your mouth delicious but it literally comes in a jar full of a butter sauce so be forewarned.  The mushroom and asparagus sides were amazing also.  I honestly enjoyed every bite! In addition to what is listed on the bill, we enjoyed fresh baked potato and parmesan herb bread... delicious!  And the sea bass was fantastic and the steak was perfectly done per our request.  We skipped desert but ended up having another drink in the bar with friends.What a perfect way to celebrate my birthday!This will for sure be a go-to place for special occasions in the future.  Oh, and if you go, make sure to pay a visit to the rest room - it's adorable!  Lastly, a hidden Yelp tip, courtesy of my dude: "if you buy $100 worth of FRC gift cards, you'll receive $120 worth in return. That is a pretty good immediate return on your money; much better than my stock portfolio... enjoy!"
3	Steak, yes, but 2 other words first come to mind when reminiscing about Modern Steak: Retail Therapy.No, I'm not talking about the fact that Modern Steak is conveniently (albeit awkwardly) located in Scottsdale's Fashion Square. Instead, I think back fondly on a delightful little cocktail -- Belvedere, Grand Marnier, strawberry, basil and lemon juice, served chilled in a martini glass (as expected), but also with a little carafe of extr drinky-drink (unexpected), complete with a suspended ice-ball to keep your drink cold while you sip -- without watering it down. GENIUS. Ok, ok, so you're wondering: why the 3 stars? Well, genius cocktails only get you so far. I like to think that I've sampled a fair number of steaks in my day, from frou-frou to straight-from-farm fresh, and I gotta say that the whole steak experience at Modern Steak was about a 3 -- not bad, but not amazing. Just pretty...average. And for $46, I'm not %100 convinced it was worth it. Let me elaborate: - 12 oz. filet: I ordered it three of their five sauces -- the Steak Sauce (which cost extra...bummer) and the House-Made Ketchup. Now, one of the sauces that I simply a-dore with a nice steak is a Peppercorn sauce...so I was a little bummed when they didn't have one. So after getting a recommendation for the Steak Sauce, I went with it, and it was...well, kind of a let down. I didn't love either sauce, truth be told. Granted, I haven't tried the other three, so I guess I'll have to go back and check them out, but all in all, my steak experience was lessened by these sauces, rather than heightened. Boo. - Sides: we ordered the Roasted Brussel Sprouts and Yukon Gold Potato Puree. The sprouts were...meh, but I'm willing to admit that I've been spoiled by the best brussel sprouts of all time at a little place called Larchmont Grill in Los Feliz, CA. They are fantastic. But even so, I'm not convinced these were really that great...I felt they were a definite let down. As for the potatoes, they were literally SWIMMING in butter, which made them very difficult to eat...and to top it all off, both sides were pretty small, even for two people. All in all, I felt the level at which the meal was prepared was a bit sub-par considering the prices and what I can imagine they were going for...there are a lot of restaurants that do what they do, and do it a lot better, so if they want to compete, they're going to need to up their game. UP it. Combined with the fact that we were sitting awkwardly on the patio, which was really just sort of jutting out into the mall, I can't justify more than 3 stars. However, would I try it again? Absolutley. Get the steak? Maybe not. But I think that, for a relatively new restaurant, they're well on their way.
5	First off, let me say that I am particular about my steak. Please refer to my review of the highly-esteemed Durants for evidence of same. Modern Steak is as good as it gets.It appears as though they have two steak menus to order off of: the midwestern (traditional) and the all-natural. The distinction was not at all clear to me until our entrees arrived. The steaks off of the midwestern menu were traditional, in the sense that they were larger cuts of meet with the expected amounts of fat/marbling (my dinner mates ordered the NY strip and the bone-in ribeye: my favorite cut).I, however, chose to order the ribeye off of the all natural menu. These cuts are more expensive, much smaller and not at all what I was expecting. The Wagyu ribeye, for example looked at first glance much more like a filet in that there was almost no marbling to speak of. The waiter warned me that the tip had been removed so that it would look more like a tenderloin (it did).The outside was charred and I was worried that like Durants and Donovan's and even Mastro's, my medium rare steak had been overcooked (an epidemic among Phoenix steakhouses, evidently). And in fact, my first bite was disappointingly dry and a little burned.But from that point on, the steak was heaven. In an attempt to compensate for the excessively hot grills in Phoenix, I ordered my steak rare plus, and they nailed it. Melt in your mouth, exploding with flavor, cooked to perfection. The samples I had of the other cuts were similarly impressive.As for the wine selection, appetizers, sides and deserts, Modern Steak will deliver.You will have to come to terms with the prices (a little on the high side) and the fact that the atmosphere reminds me more of a casino restaurant in Vegas, but the overall experience is enjoyable (as much as can be expected while dining /in/ Scottsdale mall). Expect to spend a little money, and you will not be disappointed with Modern Steak.
4	If you put in a few wooden figurines from around the world you'd feel like your inside disney's small world ride.  The patio seemed very nice but the inside with mall walkers gawking made the ambiance a bit kitschy, but overall a nice change from all of the steakhouses.  Great menu with all of the standard slabs of beef and then some.  Some in our group raved about the sea bass (why they ordered sea bass in a steak house was beyond me).  They have a unique wedge salad-the hot and cold wedge that was unique and tasty.  They also have this amazing potato bread that when topped with some of their chive butter tastes just like a baked potato.  They certainly have a scenic wait staff but I think the sommelier just turned 21.
2	It was ok. Service not the best. I love the color scheme and general design but it was pretty awkward to be in fashion square mall. i was not very impressed. i thought it was over priced and not enough food, i also had a disgusting house martini that the waiter said was like a mojito- bad description.
4	This is not your ordinary steak house and it's nice to have a great new option in the Valley. The Kentucky Derby garden party decor and hot/knowledgeable waitstaff are just two things that set Modern Steak apart. The starter menu includes some unusual and tasty items like the "hot and cold wedge" salad and a Kobe beef foot long hotdog.  Entrees are served a la carte and the bone-in 20 oz ribeye is dry aged for a great rich flavor. Side dishes are generous portions, large enough to be shared, and I liked the Parmesan fries and asparagus. The wine list is pretty impressive too, and I'm not just saying that because they had my favorite Cliff Lede Cabernet.  If you have saved room for dessert, give the peanut butter cup a try.Be prepared for the check. The starter, entree, side, dessert and wine add up. I'd probably give it five stars if it had a little more curb appeal. It's definitely worthy of a special occasion or a Monday night out with friends.
4	Best outdoor eating area I've seen in a long time!  With a  patio like that, how can you go wrong?  It's roomy and open yet cozy, and the partial shade is ingenious.  I was there a few weeks ago on the last wonderfully warm Sunday and could have hung there all afternoon.  The funky color scheme and decor is playful and hip.  I loved it.Well, what about the food? Having missed breakfast, I had the 8 oz sirloin, the only steak on the lunch menu.  Now you've got me at "steak on the lunch menu", especially a lunch-sized steak, because who wants to carry leftovers around all afternoon?  It was pretty darn good.  Not out of this world, but definitely enjoyable.  My husband's poki salad  was pretty bland, but who orders poki salad at a steak place?  Don't answer that. We shared a glass of the cheapest glass of wine on thelunch menu, a sangiovese, and it was quite serviceable for the price.  Iimportant tip:  I requested my steak done "however the chef recommends" and it arrived at what I'd call "medium" - so if you are like me and want some red juicy inside, make sure to order it that way.  Yet my steak was still enjoyable even at "medium",,,  that's quite a feat!Service was good, though we were pouring our own Pelligrino throughout the meal - I thought "hey i guess they don't pour the water refills here, OK" - until the  very end when she started pouring for us.  Hmm.  I'll update the comments on service after I try the place for dinner because they hired a friend who is a top notch server, so I know they must place emphasis on quality service.  Speaking of dinner, I'm kinda hungry...
4	This place is so pretty... if you want to eat in a pretty atmosphere whether night or day, Modern Steak delivers. I felt like I was eating on a tier of wedding cake its so pretty. And the toilet room feels like you've stepped into a airplane restroom--Vacant/Occupied lock--and into a foil wrapped candy. Also, I LOVED the music they were playing... nearly all of the music played was as if they went into my iTunes and played choice cuts. Music is definitely a love of mine so it definitely made the experience even more lovely.Don't be surprised, as it's really pricey, but my style of eating is sharing, which got me and my friend 3 apps, a drink, 2 teas and a dessert for $59... not bad considering their entrees can go from $15 for a burger to $62 for a Wagyu steak... I know Wagyu is above Kobe, but damn! And then another $8 for a side? Ouch. But work it with a family style/tapas attitude and you too can enjoy without creating MAJOR holes in your wallet. Seriously, the appetizer portions are generous... I ended up taking leftovers of every dish... which were:Crispy Shrimp: Probably my favorite dish so far, but I wish the dipping sauce was more interesting.Asparagus Prociutto Pizza: I really loved the asparagus bits on the pizza!Parmesan Truffle Oil Fries: I think this was the first time I had anything flavored with Truffles and I have to say, not a fan. But they were edible.Apple filled doughnut dessert: Just okay. The Apple consistency was thick... wasn't feeling it. My friend liked her Pimms Cocktail. And I've heard good things about a drink fittingly called Retail Therapy that I'll try the next time I find myself at Fashion square and feeling the need to drink my I-really-shouldn't-have bought-that-but-oh-well woes away!The wait staff look quite sharp in their outfits, and were very knowledgeable on the menu items. Our waiter sort of dropped out on us but he's lucky I'm lax when it comes to service... because I enjoy chatting in between bites with my friend that I don't really notice until waiting for the bill commences. One thing that did slightly irk me was that he wouldn't give his personal favorites... only saying he'd help after we pared down our choices and what was flying out of the kitchen. I really wanted to know what his favorites were so that was mildly disconcerting. Next time I go I'm definitely going in the daytime, with the white and blue decor I'm sure it will feel light and airy! So I guess to sum this review up: So far the foods okay and I am really won over by the ambiance. After repeat visits, we'll see if the star rating changes. So Modern Steak, I'm on the fence, but rooting for you (aka High up the fence, but not quite over)!
4	I really enjoyed  ModernSteak  We went as a group and mostly all had the Kobe Beef Hamburgers.  Everyone enjoyed them.  We had a lot of appetizers too, including onion strings (just ok),  shrimp cocktail, fried shrimp, fries and we actually ordered a Kobe Beef Hotdog as an appetizer as well.  It was very good came with all the Chicago trimmings on the side.The decor is unique, not what I expected when you hear the name "ModernSteak".  I was thinking something along the line of a Mastro's, Ocean Club or Mortons kind of vibe.  None the less, the setting is eclectic and comfortable.  We sat in one of the private dining rooms and the server was, friendly, very attentive and efficient.  Finally, the prices seemed reasonable for lunch.  The only drawback to ModernSteak is the parking (I know it was the Friday before Christmas).  It is a pain to find a place to park at lunch.
4	I have have been here just once but looking forward to my next time later this week!I went there wit a small group and was very impressed walking in side. It feels like it didn't belong in a mall , even Fashion Square! It is visually stunning! The bar is great for moment and being able to enjoy drinks before your meal. We had just slightly slow service but in a new place I wont complain , they are still getting in together. The food made up for it Everything on our table was devoured . I could have eaten the corn for the rest of my life!After dinner , we were joined but a few more friend and decided to have  cocktails on the patio , which again stunning!! I have no complaints for Modern Steak and look forward to showing our out of town guests of about 20 this week.!!!
4	I was very impressed, I must say. This might sound a bit nerdy, but I was pretty excited all weekend to write this review. :-) From what I know of the Fox Restaurants I figured Sam would not fail with this new concept. I heard that the concept behind this one was to create an atmosphere for a steak house that women would feel comfortable in. Thinking about other steak houses they all feel a bit dark and uncomfortable. Anyone can feel comfortable and invited into Modern Steak. It has a very clean, bright and cushy feel. The patio is apparently climate controlled, I was unable to test out this rumor myself, but I believe it. So.... we sit down, the server greeted us in a timely manor, I ordered a black tea and my friend ordered the green tea. Probably some of the best iced tea I have had in a long time. Come to find out that this tea was specially blended for Modern Steak, woot woot, Sam Fox is kind of a big deal I guess. haha Point being, get the black tea, way good! We then checked out the menu, lunch menu as were out and about shopping after recovering from our New Year's hangover from hell, and came to find the prices really weren't all that crazy; $15 for a Kobe beef burger with fries or slaw, $11 for a huge Cobb salad, $11 for a club samy, $23 for a steak, you get the picture. We ended up getting the Cobb salad and the Kobe burger to split. Without us having to ask they split both entrees on to separate plates and bowls for us, AND didn't try to squeeze unnecessary money out of us by charging us a "split plate charge." That made me happy. Both items were fantastic and way more food than the two of us could finish. I will quote my friend (who works at one of the better burger joints in town) as saying "This burger si way better then ours." We were even too full to try any of the desserts that I am sure would have been amazing, speaking from experience at other Fox Restaurants (i.e. the amazing chocolate banana crepes at North). I cannot wait to go back for dinner... at which point I am sure I will need to find a rich date to take me, as the dinner prices/entrees are a bit more than lunch, but that is to be expected. Go check out Modern Steak if you get the chance, it's well worth it!
4	My friend suggested we meet here for lunch - so glad she did - it was great!I arrived a few minutes early and was pleasantly surprised to see the design & decor.  It felt like I was in California with the modern chic theme.  I was delighted that they spared no expense in the restrooms!  They might have one of the nicest restroom facilities around.Once my friend arrived we decided to sit out on the patio area.  It's so nice being able to sit outdoors in the winter when most of the country is experiencing record cold temps.  We both decided on salads - she had the Chopped salad and I chose the Arugula & Sour Apple (with Balsamic Onions).  We also shared a side of brussels sprouts - delicious!  Both salads were very fresh and tasty - there's nothing better than uncomplicated flavor.The service was excellent!  The waitstaff was attentive and always ready to refill those beverage glasses.  I can't wait to come back at night and try the dinner menu while sipping a cocktail.
5	I am always nervous going to fancy places like Modern Steak. I am not a fancy guy by nature but I LOVED Modern Steak. Some friends took us there and we were not disappointed. The Atmosphere was so rad, not the typical vibe of a steak joint.  The wait staff was on point, polite and did anything to make us comfortable and happy. I got the Day Boat Scallops, roasted Salsify, Truffled Clementine vinaigrette. The Scallops were so perfectly cooked, I have never had better. The Salsify accented the scallops very well. I don't want to sound like I am gushing but everything was perfect. For dessert we got the chocolate cake skillet type dish with the ice cream on top and it was amazing. I can't wait to try lunch and the Kobe burger, they sound amazing. The only downside was making the trek to the Men's bathroom, which was past the bar area. Having to muscle through a sea of Affliction shirt wearing and gel haired bros. Holding my breath through the slight fog of Axe body spray, was kinda worth it cause the bathrooms were nice :)
4	I have eaten lunch here and the atmosphere is quite stylish.  The food was wonderful: the flavors were well composed!  I had the soup, salmon and the brussel sprouts with apple bacon,,,,oh so delicious!    I have also been there in the evening for a drink and appetizer.   If you are looking for a healthy appetizer on the "STARTER" menu, keep looking.....they don't have anything available....but a couple salads....not quite what I had in mind! The patio is quaint for dining or a drink with a fireplace and a covered patio, makes you forget your are near a parking lot!   Excellent!
2	My first review on here. Had to share my experience for lunch at Modern Steak. I do not really like the star ratings on here, puts too much power into too many wannabe critics. Really think it should be a place to write a review and leave it at that. In fact if my 2 star rating actually effected the rating of Modern Steak, I probably would have moved it up until it had no effect. Just think anyone in this economy that has the guts to open a business and employ people, my hats off to them and I fully support them for that.  On the other hand I think writing a review on here can be a useful tool not only for potential customers looking for a place to eat, but also possibly a place that owners of establishments can get feedback. Ok, so here is my review...FIrst off I am a big fan of True Food, go there all the time. Its to me the only Fox restaurant worth going to, and the only one they should grow as a company. Maybe his team should slow down on the concepts until what they have up and running is being run as well as True Food. So I go in for lunch during the holidays. I was shopping at Barney's and decided to go in for a late(2:30pm) lunch. Sat in the bar area, at a table along the bar. No one noticed me for 10 minutes, although 20 feet away stood two bored hostesses and a young clone Fox type floor manager.  Finally a wait person, who was very sweet, came over to take my order. I ordered a beer and the steak salad. She told me she would bring me warm bread. OK, so here is the timing of these items. My steak salad came out in 10 minutes. Kind of quick, but no complaints, except that I did not want to start my meal without the beer or the bread. I watched the beer sit on the bar at the service station for  an additional 10 minutes. Bartender didn't really care or notice, even though she opened it and I think its her back up responsibility to make sure that the beer gets to its destination, never mind the young floor manager that seemed to be doing everything but making sure the guests on the floor were being taken care of. So after the 10 minutes I decided to walk up and grab the beer myself. The waitress came over and apologized, she got caught at another table. She also apologized for the bread not yet coming out, and she would run back and check on it. Well by the time the warm bread actually came to the table, (another 15 minutes), I was  done with my steak salad. Hey, it was warm though. The additional mistake the waitress made was not informing the floor manager of the situation so he might be able to rectify it. I have had this similar experience at Olive and Ivy.  As for the food, my steak was good, the salad was fresh and the dressing pleasant. Not out of this world, but good, a bit pricey even at lunch. Nothing I would ever crave and have to run back for. Not like that kale salad at True Food.So my impression was that these guys do not have their eye on  the ball here, that they are expanding too fast, that the staff needs training, that you need floor managers that know how to work a floor, that the timing in your kitchen is way off. Last tip I have for them is to put place mats on the very slippery bar tables, because when I was attempting to slice my steak the plate kept sliding across the table. No stars off for that, just an idea I think would help the dining experience. I am giving two stars because I think the place is well designed, and the food is not great, but good. Other then that it just has too many issues to improve on. Again, the Fox group won me over with True Food, a concept that fits well in this new economy. Healthy affordable food, great staff, good atmosphere. Modern Steak to me is its evil twin. Its like the group has learned nothing from this last few years, coming from a period of ultimate greed and over indulgence. A 75.00 steak on the menu? Does anyone need to eat a 75.00 steak today. How about  buy a 35.00 steak and give the rest to charity.
3	I am so friggin' spoiled by living in the Bay Area that its sickening.This place, in AZ, is probably a 4-5 star place if you live here and that's all you know.   Unfortunately for Modern Steak, I do not live here (thank G O D), and I know what is out there.The atmosphere was slightly less shiny-shirt douchebaggy than Mastro's and the decor made me feel like I was in a mall...oh that's right, I was in a mall.  I cannot say anything bad about the wait staff because our waiter was awesome, he was attentive and gave me a great wine recommendation for both an appetizer and the main course (had the same wine as Gabi after reading her review...).First off, if you decide to go here even after reading my review get the lobster chowder - the reason I thought I was in for an epic meal was that when I got this thing it had HUGE chunks of lobster and bacon.   The taste was phenomenal, great job on that.   I thought I was seriously in for it after having devoured that as an appetizer.The steak, a $50 ribeye, was forgettable at best.   I have made $12 filets from Costco at home that I remember vividly.   For $50, this thing should have slammed me into a steak coma from kicking my ass with awesomeness.   It didn't, it disappointed.  The sides were just meh, we tried the pureed potatos and the Mac and Cheese.   To sum it up, if you have $200 to spare and want to throw it away on a decent but forgettable meal with great service - you found your place.
4	First off, a complaint but it gets better....Me and my husband made reservations on a Saturday evening for 7:15pm. At 7:45 we were still waiting ( along with another couple in the same boat) The bar was full so we awkwardly stood around until finally a manager offered to buy us a cocktail and apologized. Okay, good move ( should have been done 15 minutes earlier) and we enjoyed our cocktails until 45 minutes later we were seated.Hungry as bears, we devoured the yummy herby bacon bread-soft and warm perfect to soak up that cocktail that was going right to my head,We ordered three dishes and one side and shared it all. It was paced beautifully and we felt very cared for by our excellent waiterThe ahi tuna tartare appetizer was beautifully presented and delicious. Fresh, clean mild but flavorful. Plenty for two.The next dish was the warm lobster salad-they split it nicely so we each had our own, which is a good thing for my husband because I eat faster than him! This was the stand out plate for me-perfectly cooked lobster, corm, endive and well, I'm not sure what else but each bite was a ticket to heaven.Next came the entree-again split. The boneless short ribs with horseradish gnocchi. The meat was tender but not fall apart-you could cut it with a fork but it retained its shape. Flavored with a slightly sweet sauce-each bit accompanied with a delicate horseradish gnocchi-perfect.We also got the cheesy potatoes with an egg over the top. There were so many potatoes we boxed them and had them for breakfast the following morning. They were a great compliment to the short ribs. It was a cold rainy night and the food was comfort food all the way.We finished with the key lime pie. A small dome of citrusy lightness with a dollop of vanilla ice cream-a perfect finish.We sat very comfortably in a booth right near the kitchen but we weren't bothered at all. The noise level was actually low for such a busy night. The decor is wonderfully appointed-unique-almost post modern baroque. The bathrooms are amazing.All in all-we like it a lot. We will probably stay clear of the place on a Saturday night ( if you want to be seated on time).
3	Ok, this place is a visual masterpiece!!  Not steakhouse-like at all.  Light, airy and homey.  Best FRC decor so far!  Every detail was planned out from the booths, to carpet and chandeliers.Unfortunately, the food didn't quite reach the same level of sophistication as the decor.  I was there for a business lunch and there were plenty of options.  Since I tend to stay away from sandwiches during business meetings, I opted for the ahi poke salad. The salad was just average.  If was like an indistinct chopped salad with too much soy and yuzu.  Everything was pre mixed including the "crispy" Asian noodles, which ended up soggy.  The ahi itself almost seemed an afterthought when it should have been the star.  If I come again, I would stay away from this dish.  The new chicken salad sandwich (sounds fabulous) or burger might be a better choice.  Also, the bread could also use some work.  Looked and tasted like an overdone 'take and bake' roll and had virtually no taste.  The chive butter helped but couldn't bail this one out.  Service was also great.  Very attentive yet not over bearing.  Will give them another chance to work out the menu.  I really want to love this place...it's just not there yet.
4	Modern Steak in Scottsdale is at 7014 East Camelback Road, but you'll know it better as Scottsdale Fashion Square (aka: BMW's overflow lot). Modern Steak is part of Fox Restaurant Concepts, who are known for some highly acclaimed eateries: Bloom, Olive & Ivy, North, The Greene House, et al. I'm usually not a corporate food guy, but Fox RC knows what the hell they are doing, so I was all on board with giving Modern Steak a try.Dinner The restaurant is big and very bold. Lots of blue/silver, accented with whites and browns. The decor is very busy, but it works. The bar area is a nice size with just enough flat panels to satisfy your curiosity on the games, without spoiling the aesthetic of the restaurant. Seating in the main dining area is varied: tables, long booth bench seats, corner booths, and some smaller tables that mimic eating outside (but you're really in the mall). Personally, I'd take a pass on having people watch me eat as they walk back from donating a kidney in exchange for some new duds at Barney's. The wine list is fairly small for a restaurant of this caliber with maybe 30 wines total, but they are almost all available by the glass. Most of the bottles range from about 2x - 3x retail prices. Their idea of a "reserve list" consists of two wines that are both $35 a glass. They are both very good wines, but then again, at $35 a glass they should be. I settled on a glass of Kunde Syrah that was $10. It's fruit forward syrah from the CA Central Coast that has nicely rounded tannins and a smooth, smoky finish. Those of you thinking the menu is all about red meat will be in for a surprise as there are a lot of seafood dishes available. But lovers of the cow won't be upset as Modern Steak does live up to its name with about a dozen beef entrees. Unsurprisingly, the entrees mostly come without any sides, so any extras you want will be a la carte. I spied Parmesan Truffle Fries amongst the sides and knew immediately they would be part of the meal. Here is what we ordered:Poached Wild Caught Shrimp - This was simply amazing! Four colossal shrimp, cooked perfectly then chilled. Served with a ginger infused cocktail sauce and some small herbs (maybe micro arugula?). It was a perfect start to the meal. Beef Short Rib with Red Wine Jus and Horseradish Gnocchi - This was a very well executed dish. The short rib was very tender and just melted in your mouth. The gnocchi were cooked perfectly and the sauce had just enough horseradish without overpowering the plate. The jus was a perfect accent to the dish and mixed well with the horseradish sauce. They also split the order onto two plates for us without being asked (always a plus). Parmesan Truffle Fries - These kind of speak for themselves. Thin cut fries married with truffle oil and parmesan cheese. Perfectly crispy and just a delight to pop in your mouth. They come with "house made ketchup". When I heard that, all I could think of was Chevy Chase in Vacation: "Ooooh, real tomato ketchup, Eddie???"  This ketchup was much better than that, but still seemed lacking. We ended up getting a side of the homemade ranch dressing to dip them in instead. Nothing but high class at our table....Sauteed Asparagus with Parmesan - We were lacking greenery at the table, so we also ordered a side of the asparagus. It was cooked OK, but seemed a little bland. They also cut the spears into 2 inch pieces, which doesn't hurt the flavor, but it looked odd. All in all, a pretty forgettable side dish. Final TakeModern Steak continues the trend of a high quality restaurants run by Fox RC. The food choices are solid and the service is very good. The location is great, so they will probably keep themselves pretty busy between the mall crowd and people walking over Old Town. I will be back because I want to try their burger (you can order it in the restuarant or from a "to go" window that you access from inside the mall). The menu options are not cheap, but I feel you get a quality meal for the money. Overall Grade = B+ (Very Good)The EV Foodie
3	ROFLMAO...Seriously???  Seriously???  Ok...food was good...not great!  Long wait with reservations and the service was just ok...!  For the price I'm paying..I don;t want to have to wonder if they are coming to the table to remove used dishes...frankly, for $150 a person...I am expecting them to magically disappeart!!!  I practically live in high end steakhouses...SORRY Modern...You need to spend more money on product or lower those prices!  I'll pay BUCKS for good food and good service...but, this restaurant need to step up or step out!
4	I took my sweetie out to dinner on Valentine's Day (making reservations a month in advance).  Service throughout the night was prompt and attentive, great for a busy night.  My raw oysters were fresh and the Chilean sea bass was nicely cooked, with a tasty miso sauce.  Dessert was a type of donut with apple filling, which was above OK, though not to swoon over.  Overall, I couldn't have asked for a better evening.  Like the Terminator, we'll be back.
3	From the outside, Modern Steak looks pretty cool.  The look is generally stark-white yet inviting.  I did not find it to be overly pretentious as other restaurants in the area sometimes are.  That said, I didn't really find it to be much of anything.  The food was fine, but not great.  There were really no standouts.  We had a filet and a pasta dish for entrees, both good.  We had a sour apple salad that was also good.  For sides, the mushrooms and the french fries were both OK.  All-in-all, the food was fine but nothing I'd tell anyone to rush over for.  The service was appropriate, albeit a little slow.  No draft beers -- I hate that.As for price, our food and tip total was $130 with a salad, two entrees, two sides, two beers and a dessert, so $65 per person.  If you order wine, it will obviously be more.  Not inappropriate given the expense to run such a place.Overall, this is my first 3-star rating because it really deserves 3-stars.  Nothing to write home about but nothing that's worth complaining about either.
3	I had no real expectations for Modern Steak - with the exception of some hefty prices for carcass.  We started at the bar with vodka martinis complete with blue cheese stuffed olives.  The blue cheese stuffed olives were a big hit.  I suspect they were using Roaring 40's cheese (that's the good stuff from Australia if you haven't had it yet), and the olives were firm and briny.  I would definitely return to the Modern Steak bar for a martini alone.  It was a rainy, crappy day, but in different circumstances, the outside patio would have been inviting.  The indoor patio was reminiscent of the inside 'al fresco' dining so common in Vegas malls and hotels.We wandered down around 6:45 for our reservation, and already the bar and restaurant were starting to fill up.  We took our time checking out the menu and decided to start with the ahi tuna tartare appetizer.  The tuna was fresh and the presentation was nice, but there was nothing amazing about the taste.  I didn't detect toasted garlic or taste yuzu in the 'yuzu caramel'. While we were waiting for dinner, we were served baked potato bread and parmesan rolls.  The baked potato rolls were sort of odd and delicious at the same time - cheese, bacon, and definitely potato.  For dinner, two of us had the 8 oz filets ($35) and one the 8 oz center cut sirloin with herbed butter and french fries ($23).  We shared the creamed spinach and the cauliflower gratin for sides.  The filets were well-cooked and tasty, but again, not amazing. I couldn't help but think $35 worth of CostCo prime filets would have fed my whole family.  The sirloin was again, perfectly cooked and very nice.  There was no herbed butter served with it, but we probably didn't need the extra calories.  The french fries were again, perfectly cooked, but nothing special.  They had great texture, but no one felt the need to finish them.  The cauliflower gratin with aged cheddar was very rich and as expected. The creamed spinach tasted like it had more cheese than cream in it, and was too similar to the cauliflower for my taste.  I would have only ordered one of the two had I known and tried something a bit different.  For dessert, we had the chocolate 'cake' which is very much like the Roy's signature chocolate souffle with the liquid center and scoop of vanilla bean ice cream.  The cake was gooey, delicious and hot, and was swiped without question after we slowed down even though there was still nearly half of it left.  The service (until the cake swiping) was right on.  Not too intrusive, yet we were never looking at an empty dish or water glass.  We did have no less than 5 servers try to take the remaining baked potato rolls, which my friend was still enjoying, but they were always polite and left them, which was why we were a little stunned when the dessert disappeared.  Of course at that time, there were four people waiting to be seated, but we never saw every table occupied at once while we were there.I do have to comment on the strangest part of the evening which was using gift cards to pay for first our drinks then our meal.  All three of us had gift cards from Christmas.  First we gave the bartender $35.00 or so in gift cards for a $30.00 bar tab.  He returned with a check jacket that had a receipt with a total of $6.6x (six and sixty something cents) and an empty tip line.  We assumed he did not use the second card, and we still owed the $6.60 plus tip.  Just to be sure, we asked a second bartender if he could check the balance on the second card.  It had been used, and he informed us that our balance was $0.  When we looked at him quizzically, he said, "Oh, we just need a signature on the receipt, like a credit card." Odd, but whatever. . . we left him a cash tip and went to be seated.  At the end of dinner, our tab was $184.59.  We gave him $225 in gift cards in return.  He returned the check jacket to us showing a $34 remaining balance,  and told us $40.41 remained on the card.  When we asked if we still had a $34 balance, no one was able to answer the question.  After taking the check back, the waiter confirmed we had a $0. balance once again, and we were left trying to figure out where the $34 had come from. All three of us commented to each other that if this hadn't happened at the bar, we would have thrown down a credit card and paid the balance + a 20% tip.  Seems a bit shady to me. . .
3	Thankfully they serve Malibu or I don't think I would be coming back to eat. The servers were so-so. The bar staff thinks they are in Hollywood all waiting to be discovered. They have more time for themselves than they do to wait on you. Atmosphere is whimsically modern meets gaudy Victorian. I think I should trademark that name. Food was okay. Got a cheeseburger the first time and a $78 Kobe steak the second time. It was a $10 Albertson's steak, people. And medium rare was served almost well done in my book. Not a good sign. What made it fun was definitely the company, great weather and the patio. Generous seating outside with a nice buffer between the patio and the parking.
4	I just had dinner here tonight with my Dad and Brother and enjoyed everything.  We started with the shrimp appetizer which was delicious but just a bit too small, then my dad and brother enjoyed the cob salad which i must say was DEElicious.  I then had the Seabas as my entre and i must admit, i ordered it because the recipe sounds very similar to my favorite dish at Wildfish across the street so i wanted to see how it compared-and i feel like that was poor form on my part.  The fish was wonderful-however because of the incredibly similar presentation of the dishes i sided with my original favorite-perhaps out of being biased but it was also smaller here...Other than that-we each ordered glasses of wine and were AMAZED by the knowledgeability of wine our waiter had.  He was unbelievably helpful with suggestions and history of the wine.  It was very refreshing.For desert we all enjoyed the Key Lime Pie which is one of my personal favorites.Overall i really have enjoyed my experiences at this restaurant and would recommend this and any other of the Fox Restaurants to anyone.
5	Loved this place!  very hip scene - packed bar - great food!  There drinks weren't poured very heavy as the bar is managed tighly with over head cameras or so the waiter said! I LOVED the decor!  Very LA!  It aint cheap!  But its fun and cool!
3	Modern Steak is probably not the type of place where you would normally find me. I had read great reviews about the sliders at the pick-up window (a.k.a. Modern Burger). So when a friend and I ended up going on a Fashion Square for an adventure lunch one day, we decided to give the restaurant a try. The decor? Uh, if Z' Gallerie, Liberace and New Orleans Square at Disneyland had a love child, this is exactly what it would look like. It's a festival for the visual senses. (Check out the bathrooms.)We ended up grabbing some comfy seats in the bar area, noted the mirrored ceilings and ordered up. I was a bit disappointed to see they didn't have sliders on the menu, but I ordered Kobe burger and it turned out to be a more than worthy substitute. After ordering a Blood and Sand (it was either that or a Pimms Cup) from the drink menu, my pricey lunch was complete. The only distracting element--well, other than the fact if you look up you can see yourself--is the female bar staff are apparently asked to wear uniforms that consist of a navy shorts jumper with a very wide belt and Ugg boots. This reminded me again of Disneyland, and how these poor souls had definitely pulled the short straw in the uniform department.It's Scottsdale, it's Fashion Square, it's Fox Restaurant Concepts--you def have to be in the right mood for it, but if you are...enjoy.
1	Modern Steak is probably not the type of place you want to go to if you're "not white".. my experience at this place was sooooo horrible that I would never come back. Not only were their food bad but they made us wait 40 mins (that was with reservation) and there was plenty of seats that were available, they told us that there was no waiter in those empty section but once we were sat down outside in the patio, we saw them filling those empty seating with white patrons. This place is so racist that I was surprise that they didn't ask us to leave from the back door. I can't believe there are still places like this!!!
4	This place reminded me of another couple restaurants.... namingly the BLT restaurants.... ***cough cough ripoff!****Ahem.Now that I've got that off my chest... onto my review!I enjoyed the table bread.  They bring out little mini loafes of loaded baked potato and this other salty onion bread stuff.  The bread was good... damn good.I ended up ordering the seared big eye tuna steak, with edamame dumplings.  YUM.Seriously, yum.  I loved the tuna, I loved the sauce, I loved the edamame mush shoved into perfectly gyozas..... YUM.My main squeeze did have bad luck with his kobe burger.  He ordered it medium rare, and it came out well done.  The server was professional and apologetic, and removed the burger from the bill.  My bf sure was sad at the waste of kobe though.... I enjoy the decor, I loved the patio.... I shall return.
4	Very nice decor for a restaurant that is inside a mall.  Modern art deco with matching uniforms for all the wait staff as well.  The staff is mostly comprised of younger servers, as are most of the FRC restaurants,  for the times we have dined there, they have  been very polite and courteous.  I have been there a few times now both for lunch as well as dinner.  Their burgers and salads are very good and the presentation is very nice. For dinner, we had the shrimp cocktail (A+)  Chopped salad YUM! and the shortribs-which was good, but the red wine sauce was very rich and the wasabi gnocchi definitely should have been left out altogether.  I would love this dish in a small appetizer portion with a creamy polenta or some other starch.  Their portions are large enough to split so you can try a few different things everytime you go, like we like to do.All in al-we enjoy this place and will come back.  We have had nothing but good experiences!  Costco has FOX giftcards $100 worth for $80!
5	I took a group of 18 co-workers here for a celebration dinner.    I always choose the restaurant and have yet to choose a bad one,  so the pressure was on.  Modern Steak was hands down our group's favorite.    It was a great change from the stuffy atmospheres of the other local high end steak houses that we frequent.The menu was diverse, and the entrees were excellent.    We were very pleased with the wine selection, finding several choices that delighted everyone.    The dining room manager Kim was great to work with setting up the reservation, and the private dining room was a perfect set up.   What really set the evening apart from other dinners we have sponsered was the outstanding service.    For a large group we have never received the excellent attention that was given to us that evening.    A week later, those who attended are still raving about the experience.    I strongly recommend Modern Steak for any large group, and look forward to returning soon with my wife.
5	I loved everything about Modern Steak. I had actually planned on eating at the attached Modern Burger, but I was immediately drawn to Modern Steak once I peeked inside. It's beautiful. Seariously.(Though I do have to say it was a bit on the warm side. To Modern Steak management, please note that in Phoenix, in April when its 87 degrees outside, it should not be cooler OUTSIDE than inside. Just sayin')The front of house staff was very friendly and guided me to the bar with no wait. Though not the most outgoing, my server was prompt, polite and kept my drinks filled.I had the kobe burger with fries and their organic green tea and blood and sand martini.Everything was so good. Even the ketchup that came with the fries was good. I think it was homemade? The burger was full of flavor and nice n juicy. The bacon was the perfect thickness and nice and crispy.And that blood and sand martini? WOW! Sooooo good! And great presentation too. The martini was $11, but it was really more like 2 (ok maybe 1.75) for that price. My server poured it at my table, but she poured it from this pitcher that had like this compartment packed with ice so the portion that was left over stayed chilled. I actually want one of those pitchers for myself!The staff was all pleasant and INCREDIBLY good looking. I did feel a bit under-dressed (well that is until a group of young men came in wearing jean shorts and wife beaters were seated on the patio) and I was wearing an untucked button down, jeans and sneakers.I have to come back soon because I want to be able to sit outside before it gets hot. And I think next time I will come with a group of people.
5	Note on review: I've been twice for lunch, but no dinner yet. I LOVE the decor of Modern Steak. I feel like I'm in a dreamy, European lounge. The colors are feminine, but classy. I don't think men would feel too out of place here.  The patio is beautiful and the fireplaces are a nice touch. I also have sat in the bar on the comfiest chairs ever. The entire feel is just so NICE.  And the Ladies Room is beautiful!   I could live in there in exchange for food and wine.The Salmon dish on the lunch menu is one of the best salmon dishes I have ever had. It is served with three sweet potato cakes and they are divine as well. The salad I tried was excellent too, but I cannot remember exactly which one it was. As I am writing this review I am now wanting to go back for dinner very soon. Another great concept from FOX!
4	For dinner, we started off with the Arugula & Sour Apple with Balsamic Onions, Blue Cheese & Candied Walnuts. That was deliciously done with just the right amount of blue cheese for someone like me who is not a huge fan. Every piece of arugula was covered with just the right amount of dressing also so it maintained a fresh taste without being overbearing. I have the Miso Glazed Chilean Sea Bass with Crispy Oyster Mushroom, which was good but probably not the best choice in the house. The texture just didn't seem quite right. I am more used to Japanese restaurants that cut the sea bass in thin slices then cover it with miso rather than having faint miso accents on the fish. The Modern Burger is much better with your choice of cheese and made to the way you want them too. Oh, they also have amazing bread - bacon potato and rosemary paired with two different whipped butter spreads. Delicious.
4	I had been wanting to go here ever since it opened.  My wife was not thrilled because how good could a trendy steak joint in the mall be, right?  Well she was half right.  Honestly the place belongs in a hotel in Vegas.  The place is not intimate at all and you know you are in a mall (or one of those restaurants in a Vegas hotel).  The decor is ok but a bit over the top.  Sure, I prefer a more low key steak house, but this place was very interesting and great for people watching.About the food:* Bread they give you to start - I like it that they don't give you a bajilion pieces to fill up on and ruin you meal.  They just give you 2 small pieces of each of their 2 different kinds.  One was a "stuffed baked potato" bread and the other I don't remember.  What I do remember is that they were so frikkin good.  The butter stuff was amazing as well.* Hot & Cold Wedge - One of the best and most interesting wedges I've ever had.  I originally thought you shouldn't mess with the standard wedge, but this one was excellent.* Roasted Beet Salad - I don't really know what beets are or where they come from, but this salad made me a beet fan.  I've tasted about 3 beet salads in my entire life and this one was amazing.* Filet - My wife and I split the 12oz which was more than enough.  It was cooked perfectly and was excellent.  It was flavorful and juicy and LOVE that it was cooked with butter and just the right amount of sea salt (I think).  Anyway, I love it.  Probably one of my top 5 favorite filets.* Classic Mac N' Cheese - This was very very good but not excellent.  It was indeed classic and really nothing special.* Honey glazed, braised and roasted carrots - HOLY COW!  Why couldn't my mother make these when I was growing up?  They were a-m-a-z-i-n-g!  I guess if you put enough sugar on anything it would be good but wow..just wow.All the wait staff was excellent and very friendly.  The prices were a bit much but I expected it to be a rip-off so was semi-ok with it.The place was pretty busy so there were tons of servers buzzing about and carrying plates of stuff past our table.  Everything I saw them carrying looked frikkin awesome.  I honestly can't wait to go back and try some more stuff!
5	We had lunch the other day at Modern and absolutely loved it. The new sommelier Stephanie was recently written up in Food and Wine magazine and ranked the #2 Sommelier in the Country. So fantastic, funny and not at all stuffy and of course knows her wines! Dont be scared by how beautiful the restaurant is, they have great wines at all different  price ranges. The servers all wear these hip uniforms with chuck taylors and know the menu well. We started off with a sauvignon blanc to go with the crispy shrimp which were fantastic. next we had the crab with truffle butter which i wanted another order of it was so amazing. they now have the sliders from the burger window on the menu and we went with those next along with phenomenal carpaccio and the huge kobe hotdog which we all cut up and shared.fries are insane and the homeade ketchup is yes better than the heinz 51, after that we shared a wet aged new york which was delicious. we normally go for dry aged but this was incredible. the red wine was a winner and matched perfectly too. Skipped dessert but will be back to try later. Cant recommend this place enough.
4	The charge for dinner the other night was about $106 and we left a $20 tip in cash.  We used our Wells Fargo card for the $106.  Then today, when the charge was finalized at Wells Fargo, I see a $128 charge.  They added an additional tip to steal money!  This has to be some kind of crime.  I'm going to email the place and ask if I could come down and view the receipt to see first hand how they screw people.* * UPDATE 4/27/10 * *I sent an email to an address I found on the main Fox Concepts website.  I guess it was their corporate office.  Somebody got back to me within 10 minutes and said that the manager of Modern Steak would call me asap which he did.  I don't remember his name, but he told me he was sorry and thanked me for bringing this to his attention.  It turns out my waiter added another table's tip onto my tab.  The manager told me this happens all the time and was an honest mistake.  Personally I think it is BS and I caught them doing something shady, but I've never worked in a restaurant so I don't know if it was an honest mistake or not.  Anyway, the manager said he would refund the money asap.  I'll update again when the money returns to my account.* * UPDATE 4/30/10 * *The $22 has been returned to my bank account last night.  All is right in the world and I can rest easy!
5	I had lunch there this week with my mom and it was absolutely delicious. This is one of the most gorgeous restaurants in the city - impeccable decor. We sat outside on the stunning patio and ordered a couple iced teas. I opted for the green and my mom for a black flavored brew. Both were outstanding. Being my mother's daughter, we both ordered the Shrimp Louie salad, which our server informed us was new to the menu. We were brought some really tasty herb focaccia bread with a soft butter that had sea salt in it, which added a nice crunch and flavor to the spread. Our salads came out and were spectacular. They were a good entree salad size. The lettuce was fresh, crisp and dressed with a tangy, light louie dressing and topped with several U25 shrimp, avocado, hearts of palm and shredded hard boiled egg. The shrimp were cooked to absolute perfection: moist, sweet. My only gripe was the the service was a little slow. Our server didn't seem to be the most efficient, but she could have been new to the job. Otherwise, I'm a fan and look forward to another fabulous meal there. Next time, I'm sampling some beef and a cocktail from their menu of the classics like a Blood & Sand.
3	Thought the atmosphere was really good. I had the grilled salmon with the cream corn as a side . Food was great and the cream corn was fantastic. The service was really good.
4	Had dinner with my wife on the patio.  Service and food were both great.  We shared the hot/cold wedge salad, and had NY strip plus vegetable sides.  Food was excellent.  With 4 glasses of wine the bill was $130 - a little pricey, but not bad.  We will go again.
4	What a beautiful place!  I had lunch here earlier this week and couldn't get over how spectacular this place is!  The food was good, the service was good, but the atmosphere was amazing!
4	The atmosphere was amazing. Loved the decor fits the description. The portion sizes were huge. Would go back for sure.
2	I was SO looking forward to eating at Modern Steak. A group of friends decided we should hit up Modern Steak for dessert, we were a large party, so we made reservations about 2 weeks in advance. We arrived and I was so impressed with the decor, I knew we were in for a treat. We were ushered  to a private room in the back. I was a little surprised at the set up, they had one long table set up for about 20-24 people (we were only a group of 15), and the only way to get from one side of the table to the other (or out of the room if god forbid you had to exit to use the restroom), was through a narrow, 12 inch space between the edge of the table and the glass wall. The wait staff quickly brought in our desserts, a selection of mini-cupcakes (my favorite), including carrot cake, banana, chocolate and of course red velvet. We attempted to make drink orders (I believe the wait staff took half of the table's drink orders), after asking the waiter for some wine recommendations, he said he would send the sommolier in. I think the sommolier came in with one person's wine. It was so chatotic it was hard to say what was going on. After 15 minutes, I had yet to even receive a glass of water, and did not get to start on my cupcakes until after asking several waiters (and getting dirty looks) for a glass of water. The cupcakes were the only thought that kept me going, I knew they were going to be worth it...what a giant let down. Save your money and whip up a batch of Duncan Hines Red Velvet cupcakes, they will be a HUNDRED times better. I doubt I will ever return to Modern Steak.
3	been a die-hard "fox-fan" for quite sometimebeen here twice1x: patio1x @ bari would never consider coming here for dinner ($$$$$) {Oh, unless on someone eles' tab!}i couldn't believe the prices for dinner on the menu!  { O  M  G }and some of the prices of wine per glass were almost the cost of what i pay for an entire bottle - THAT is insane in my books (ie: prisoner @ $19/glass vs. $32 bottle retail  - 1 glass of wine was $35 - $35!!! for a G L A S S of wine ?!??!)decor is sexy, unique, chichappy hour prices make the lounge area affordable, for sure.  (I am hoping they have their 1/2 off wine by the bottle over the summer special).  Otherwise, I can't see myself visiting or attempting to see which one of my cards will be able to handle the Ching~Ching here.
5	Came here for dinner with a couple of friends. We're don't drink, so of course we didn't try the famous cocktails, but the food... fantastic.One friend ordered the 8oz fillet, and the other decided to split both a lobster chowder and a kobe burger with me. Neither of us could decide on one thing :) The waitstaff split both dishes beautifully with no extra charge, and there was plenty.Plus we ordered the crispy shrimp appetizer to share.First, the bread. There were two types- baked potato and this herb thing. Both were tasty, if a little dense. Nice butter, too. I was impressed with the shrimp appetizer, there was much more shrimp than expected. the tiny fried shrimp went really well with the chili aioli!! The lobster chowder was delicious. i love lobster. and i love chowder. so a combination of those was a dream come true. the chowder was rich and flavorful with lots of corn, and the lobster pieces were quite large and tender and yummy. A+!The burger was amazing. amazing. multiplied by a billion. The bread was tender but sturdy, the condiments fresh and delicious, the meat (at a safe medium) was perfect, flavorful, juicy. and the truffle fries served with it were mouthwatering.  It's probably the best burger in Scottsdale. Really.My friend who ordered the 8oz fillet raved about it, but I didn't want to spoil the party in my mouth by tasting it. Service dragged a little, but it was a slow Thursday evening and we were tired from shopping so no one fussed. Our waiter wasn't particularly good or bad, just...normal. i think he was new to the job or something. The decor is really nice. Modern and upbeat and oh so pretty. true eye candy. I was tempted to try the cupcake platter for desert, but we already had an agreement to go across the street to Yogurtland afterward, so I'll try it next time.OVERALL: great location. eyecatching decor. delicious food (BURGER!!!), and the perfect place to collapse after a shopping spree. i can't wait to go back!
2	A few friends and I went to this place and before going in asked about a gluten free menu (I have a friend who cannot eat gluten).  We were informed that they do not have a gluten free menu but the wait staff can point out which items can be made gluten free.  Okay, sounds good.  We decide to eat there.  We sat out on the patio, which was very nice and not too hot with the misters going even in the heat of summer.  However when our waitress finally came over to talk to us about the menu the first thing she pointed out as gluten free was the one pasta dish on the menu.  Realizing that there is a disconnect on what it means to be gluten free she said she would check with the chef.  She returns to say no on the pasta (okay good call) and then proceeds to say that one of the salads would be good.  However the salad had blue cheese on it, which is not gluten free.  So, we realized quickly that they had no clue what it means to be gluten free and she was safer ordering the lobster with butter.  I ordered the steak, since that is what they are know for, and was disappointed that it was overcooked and rather salty for my taste.  I would have asked to return it except that it took so long to get that steak and I had already witnessed the table next to us send something back to the chef (the Kobe burger which was undercooked for that table) and it took forever for them to return with a new order.  I sucked it up and just ate it.  Overall I felt the place was over priced and poorly staffed.  Our waitress did not seem knowledgeable about the menu and as I stated earlier it did not appear that anyone understood how to accommodate a gluten free diet--after being told they could.  Plus the waitress was not slammed with tables and yet did not seem to be available to us or other tables for questions or refills.  I had high hopes since this is a Fox restaurant and I like so many of their places, but was very disappointed.  I doubt I would go back to this place and given it was not full on a Saturday night I don't think I am the only one who feels that way.
4	A girlfriend and I (late 20s) decided to try Modern Steak for each other's holiday gifts in January. We snagged a great seat outside by the fireplace and didn't feel like we were in a mall parking lot at all - a major plus. We decided to have a long dinner and ordered lots of sides off the menu (they're very big, so share) along with a main course and 2 martinis each. The service was great and our food was awesome. We didn't have high expectations, but left so excited about our experience. The inside bar was pretty packed with cougar-like women and older men, but it maybe an upbeat vibe if you don't mind that type of scene. Our bill was a total of $100 - and we felt like we didn't skip anything. It was more than fair. Oh, and I wanted to move into the ladies room - its gorgeous! The whole restaurant is beautiful.
3	I've been here a few times for drinks and a couple of times for lunch.This last visit I had lunch at the bar.As many other viewers have mentioned, this is an attractive restaurant.  Plenty of light, and a comfortable, contemporary design.I ordered the pastrami sandwich which was just average.  The pastrami was a little fatty and the fries where limp, not crisp.The service at the bar was great and when I come back the next time I'll order something different.
2	Just another overpriced Scottsdale restaurant where more money was spent on decor than food creation, and beauty in the servers is clearly more important than the service itself. We ended a progressive dinner here on my birthday and it was the worst experience ever. During our visit, the only thing they had to accomplish was taking drink orders - as the cold, bland, dry, gross cupcakes were already on the table in the gorgeous private room. We had an hour allocated and weren't served drinks until 10 minutes prior to our departure time. While the manager (or someone) did reach out via Twitter (a kudos) the bottom line is that the experience was so bad that no one in our group would even consider returning if it were free. Don't be fooled by yet another restaurant that is pretty, but sucks. Go enjoy overpriced dining somewhere that can deliver a whole experience. You owe it to yourself.
3	Trendy place. Good date place. The food was good just the portions are a bit small
4	I've come here a couple of times for lunch and dinner, and I absolutely love it.  The decor is beautiful (and please go check out the gorgeous bathroom!) inside and outside on the patio.  It's very clean and contemporary, but not at all in a harsh and cold sort of way.  The food is also very delicious.  The reason I'm not giving it a 5 star is because the past couple times I've gone back the food did not wow me like it did the first few times.  Maybe it's because the novelty of the restaurant has worn off on me, but maybe it has to do with the food itself.  Mind you, there's nothing wrong with the food, it's still fairly delicious, but it just didn't seem as spectacular as it did before.  However, this is my first yelp review and I'm choosing to review this place because I think it deserves some more positive reviews.  It's still one of my favorite restaurants in Scottsdale!I would really recommend their chopped salad.  The combined chopped pieces of avocado, asparagus, corn, and possibly some other veggies (that I forgot) in there makes the dish very fresh and crunchy.  For the entree, their miso glazed Chilean sea bass is pretty good, so is their big eye tuna.  I tried the marshmallow sweet potato puree side dish according to some yelp reviewers' suggestions, but I found it to be way too sweet for me.  The sweet potato was already very sweet, and the burnt marshmallow on the top made it over-the-top-sweet.  The sauteed asparagus makes for a nice and healthy side dish though!  For the dessert, their cookies and milk (it comes with this amazing ice cream, not milk) and the flour-less chocolate cake are recommended.  Oh and I forgot to mention, their complimentary homemade bread and butter are soooooooo goooooooooood... :)
4	My husband and I had a very nice lunch here recently.We were impressed from the beginning as the bread they gave us before our meals arrived was truly delicious and served with an amazing spread.I tried the chicken salad sandwich with candied walnuts and apple jam on honey wheat bread which was really tasty : )My husband had their slow braised short rib sandwich with spicy bbq sauce, onions and havarti cheese .... which he really liked.While we were dining we saw a HUGE baby shower being held in the back of the restaurant.....it looks like a great space for any big celebration....they certainly looked like they were enjoying themselves : )The decor is fun and entertaining and the staff are very professional, friendly and helpful. We will be back for sure.
3	Gorgeous decor. Handsome staff. Mediocre food. Looks good on the menu.. comes out slowly... and only meh.
4	I joined some friends for a birthday dinner at Modern Steak. The restaurant a great ambiance - fun decor, swanky feel without feeling pretentious. The service was excellent... I definitely felt like a VIP for a night. We started off at the bar and ordered a "Retail Therapy" Martini: Belvedere Vodka, Grand Marnier, Strawberry, Basil & Lemon Juice. A good choice - it wasn't overly sweet and the basil added a nice touch. Appetizers consisted of Warm Asparagus Pizza, Crispy Prosciutto, Organic Fried Egg - Delicious! (I'm a big fan of the newly embraced French style of topping dishes with an egg) and Margherita Pizza, San Marzano Tomatoes, Fresh Basil - also very tasty. I was on a budget, so I sadly only ordered a salad, but a very good salad it was! I got the Roasted Beet Salad with pistachio, watercress and boucheron cheese. A nice, light summer salad that filled me up. I did try the filet that came with some carmelized onions - YUM! It was so good! People at the table were also raving about the Chilean Sea Bass. I definitely would like to go back and get a filet. It's pricey, but it's always fun to splurge on great steak sometimes.
4	5/13/10Simply amazing!!  Came in, and zeroed in on the two sliders up for sale at $2 each during happy hour.  These were the most-flavorful sliders, offering up the best mouth-feel (due to the aiolis and the focaccia bread they're sandwiched in), I've had in a very long time, possibly ever!  I'm kicking myself as I type this review for not ordering more (I had only one of each)!  The only complaint I had was that service was a complete opposite of what I experienced the first time around (when I had Clayton as my server).  I'd say that the whole time I was at the bar, I probably only spoke to my server (and I mean to say that she only visited and spoke to me) maybe three times- the first to greet and ask me what I wanted (I asked for water and also her suggestions for well drinks, and she didn't have many ideas to give); the second for my order and ticket in a glass ready to close; and the third for other possible selections I might want before closing the ticket.  A total 180 degrees from the excellent service showered on me by Clayton (props to you!).  If I haven't been back to have more of these terrific sliders, I'd have to say it was bec. of the lukewarm service I experienced this afternoon.What initially was a five-star review I must drop down to four.  Maybe next time, I'll be lucky enough to spot Clayton tending bar...
5	Modern Steak screams cool. It just does. The exterior, the interior, the vibe, the colors...everything screams cool. Food: I've tried a variety of food options here yet surprisingly, never the steak.Their burgers are amazing. I know what you're thinking. What's so different about the Modern Steak burger? Well...it's on a sweet and soft roll, it has some great special sauce and the meat is great quality. Their fries are salty and delicious. And how do I even subscribe the chopped salad? Well, chopped it is but it's full of every great veggie on this planet...including avocado. Decor: I could probably hang out at Modern Steak all night and be completely happy. The white and blue accents and the atmosphere makes you feel so fresh and so clean. I heard the decor is copied after the Marie Antoinette movie and I think she'd be very proud. From the lighting to the trendy furniture, it's got an awesome vibe. And the bathrooms. Well gentlemen....when your girl is MIA, before you call the cops, check the bathrooms. Fully equipped with couches, this is the bathroom I wish I could copy and place in my own house. I actually wish I could copy the entire Modern Steak decor for my home. Happy Hour: I don't know how long this is lasting, but right now they are having the most amazing happy hour! $5 drinks and $2 food items. Yes, I said it correctly....two dollars!! An awesome meal and drinks for $10? Yep, that's what you can do at Modern Steak right now! So in summary, this is a great location for a night out with friends, a nice date, if you want to grab some drinks at the trendy bar or you want to relax and lounge of the comfortable patio...you've got to check out Modern Steak!
5	I had one of the best meals of my life here! It did start with a long wait even with a reservation, but the staff's friendliness more than made up for it. We started with the Merus King Crab appetizer which was to die for. No work involved to get the crab meat since it comes in a glass jar smothered in butter, and as someone who is learning to like seafood, I would order this again and again. Our meal included the 12 oz. filet (obviously great), the green beans with bacon bits (these aren't always on the menu), cauliflower gratin, and my personal favorite: the build-your-own baked potato. This comes with cheese, butter, broccoli, short rib, and of course, sour cream. Even the bread they give you before your meal comes out is amazing, especially their baked potato bread. I highly recommend Modern Steak to all. The decor and the colors are amazing, and ladies--make sure to check out the bathroom! You'll forget you're at a restaurant and think you've just walked into a spa. Also for drinks--my new favorite is the Jalisco Flower, and of course the Retail Therapy which seems to be very popular.I haven't actually been to the Happy Hour here yet, but I know that the prices are fair and I've had a few of the drinks with dinner before, so I know those are delicious as well. I would absolutely go here for Happy Hour for the discounted prices on the amazing food too!
5	I luv their fancy decor and their service!! Everyone in there was soooo nice and attentive.  When the kids finished their water, the waiter would bring another clean glass with a fresh straw each time without ever being asked!  I ordered the apricot drink and it was a little strong so the bartender came and brought me back a new one and told me if I still didnt like it, he would make another one till I did enjoy it! Now that is service!!  The food was very tasty as well and portions were just right!
2	I heard about this restaurant from quite a few friends who seemed to really enjoy it. I thought the interior design was awesome, but that was all I was really impressed with. To be fair, I did not order a steak or fish dish, instead I had a cocktail and the lobster tacos. The cocktails and most of the entrees were over priced in my opinion. The lobster tacos were pretty good, but not worth what I paid for them. I'd try it again and if I do, I may update this review.
5	WOW, that is the first thing that comes to mind.  The food was excellent.  The Hot and Cold Wedge was great with the two distinct flavors.  The steak was excellent, with great flavor.  A highly recommend for a nice dinner out go to Modern Steak.
5	We were at the Margerum Winemaker dinner at Modern steak last night and it was incredible. Food and wine were amazing and for 5 courses and 6 wines for $65 it was an incredible deal. The food was original and perfectly paired with the wines. Cant wait to go back to another one at Modern Steak. The staff are first rate and the ambiance is beautiful. We had an amazing time. Thanks Modern!
5	A great place for any celebration since the main dining area has plenty of space to accommodate groups of 6 or more. There were 9 females in our group ranging from ages 20's to 50ish to 81 years.  A lot of different palates to please and this restaurant passed with flying colors!  Our appetizers included the Crispy Shrimp with sweet chili sauce.  Tender shrimp with just enough crunch. The Lobster Chowder was creamy with chunks of tasty lobster clumped in the center of the bowl.  The Chopped Salad with ripe avocado and champagne vinaigrette serves at least 2 diners. The leftover salad couldn't be wasted so the 81 year youngster finished it off! Several in our group ordered the Filet...midwest prime beef is the best! Maple Glazed Salmon was more than enough for one person and cooked perfectly.  The Shrimp Pasta with basil pesto had the perfect blend of fresh seasonings. And the Angus New York Strip was also a hit. Side dishes recommended by us are the Mascarpone Creamed Corn, Twin Baked Potato Bar with five toppings, String Beans with bacon and Cauliflower Gratin.  This is the place to wine and dine the special people in your life!
4	I loved loved loved the decor. I felt like I was in a plush bedroom. Some of you may think that's strange for a dining establishment, but I found it comfortable. The whites, light blues, silvers and mauves just felt comforting to me like a fluffy made bed waiting for me to jump in. Anyway...we ordered off the restaurant week menu. They also had a wine menu with at least a dozen different bottles for $30. What a great idea. Too bad I just wasn't in the mood to drink. I know my bf was shocked too. And no, I'm not pregnant.First came the cheddar and bacon bread with a sour cream and chive butter. WOW. They also had a slice of a Parmesan bread, but it didn't compare to the loaded baked potato bread. I wanted more, more, more. But of course we hadn't even gotten to our appetizers yet. We had the crispy shrimp and corn and bacon chowder for our appetizers. The chowder smelled fantastic, but I didn't try it since the texture of corn freaks me out. The crispy shrimp was pretty good. Lots of shrimp. This app comes in a small bowl, but looks are deceiving. It contains a lot of shrimp. It's enough to feed 2. The sweet chili aioli was the prefect compliment. We both ordered the filets for dinner. Medium rare is the way to go. It was cooked to perfection and melted in my mouth. The roasted mushroom and bordelaise were also great compliments to the steak.  Lastly for dessert, I had the peanut butter cup (which is pretty rich and is really enough for two) and Mike had the flourless chocolate cake, which came with a scoop of vanilla ice cream and was over what looked like a chocolate rice crispy treat. The crispy treat apparently had nuts (not sure what kind), and there wasn't a warning on the menu, but they quickly gave us another plate without it. Our waiter Eric was great. Had great wine recommendations and just a great personality. Water glasses were never more than half empty. Liked the vibe, food, and service. Will have to come back and try a burger (they looked huge!) and their happy hour menu looks pretty appetizing too.
4	LOVE LOVE LOVE Modern Steak. Every single time I have been to Scottsdale (which is 5 times) in the last 10 months I have made a stop at Modern Steak. First of all the cherry slushy cocktail is to die for, it is so good, and I am vodka soda drinker. I would also recommend the mac and cheese, the spicy shrimp appetizer, the chopped salad, and the burger. I am sure my boyfriend would say the steaks are great too, but I don't eat them.The interior of the restaurant is gorgeous, it is very comfortable. I don't believe in ratings based on price, you get what you pay for, the food at Modern Steak is excellent, but I do only give it 4 stars for originality, steak places with mac and cheese and asparagus are a dime a dozen...
3	Wow!  First word out of my lips when I first walked in here.  You can't helped but be wow'd.  The decor is amazing and plush.  Modern indeed with some classy flare - whoop!  I love Restaurant Week in PHX!  I had the opportunity to try out a little of this and that.  I thought the food was alright...yes my friends nothing to rave about here, but I definitely had my share of protein for the day.  Portions were just right, but it lacked the pop that I expect from a place like this.  If you're looking to be seen at a hot spot then please stop by and order yourself a fancy drink and make sure it glows and bubbles :)  Service was excellent - water was full and beer was flowing.  Everyone here dresses like their walking down Melrose's Place -- oh the memories! - enjoy!
4	You can't help but comment on this restaurant's amazing architecture and decor as soon as you sit down.  It really is impressive!  It sets a great vibe.But we came here to eat, not just sit and stare at the walls, so let's get down to business.  The service was attentive and friendly, exactly what you would want at any restaurant, especially one of this caliber.  The servers all wear Converse shoes, which I think is unexpected and cool.  The menu was interesting, everything looked delicious, even the wine!My wife and I started with the chopped salad and asparagus pizza.  Both were delicious.  For our entrees, we both had the 8 oz. filet.  You have to, right?!  It was outstanding, seriously good!  For dessert, we tried the flourless chocolate cake and lemon meringue..the two best ways to end our perfect meal.  We kept switching plates, because both so were so good.Our only complaint, which we both agreed was terrible, was with the bread and butter they brought to start the meal.  I know it sounds simple, but at a place like this, the bread can set the tone for the whole meal.  The bread was so complicated, the flavor was just confusing and disappointing.
5	My husband & daughters threw a birthday party for me in their private room. It held 30 plus people very comfortably with room to mingle. The place is gorgeous & glammy. The food outstanding. The service unbelievable. I had an evening I will never forget because of my family and friends. Modern Steak was the icing on the cake.P.S. Visiting the Restroom is part of the fabulous experience!
5	Impeccable service, exquisite food, chic decor...Modern Steak provided a wonderful dining experience. The waitstaff was incredibly attentive and polite. The FOOD!  I had a beef vegetable soup to start; the broth was so flavorful and robust and the veggies were crisp. The cheddar bacon bread with sour cream and chive butter was to die for!  For an entree I had the Caesar salad--romaine lettuce, Caesar vinegarette, and Parmesan croutons. It was crisp, fresh and just the right amount of dressing evenly coating each leaf. I also had the baked potato "bar": a steaming hot, buttered spud accompanied with braised beef spareribs (smokey and slightly sweet!), cheddar cheese, creme fraiche, bacon and steamed broccoli. My mom had the filet, which was incredibly tender--practically melted in my mouth!Most options on the menu were pricey, but the unsurpassed quality is well worth it.
3	Love the atmosphere and how trendy rhus place is, reminds me of Nip/tuck kinda, the way they have it set up. I had thd NY strip steak and i don not think it was worth the price. The steak did not come with a side. Sides are ordered seperately. Great customer service, however I don't think I will be eating here again.
4	I really like this place and the service is fantastic.  It really seems that they try to provide great service.  The food is a little pricey, but their chopped salad is great as well as their steaks.  If you don't like the Scottsdale scene then this place is not for you, however if you do and like great service and quality food then you must try it!
1	Food was great,  Service not so great.  Had to eat in the bar as they did not have any tables available due to reservations supposedly.  However, the tables still were nowhere near full when we left.  Waitress was lost half of the time and so I just gave another one my card to pay the tab.  Looked at the receipt later when I got home and realized the prices in the menu were different than the prices on the receipt.This is basically my fault for not checking but at the same time if the waitress was not so busy I would not felt like it was going to take forever to get the bill and get out of here and just gave them my card.I ate here once before and it was great but on Saturday it was less then great.  I am mixed about whether I will return.  The service is much better at Houston's and I have never had to wait for a table or eat at the bar no matter how busy they are.I should mention that the food was excellent though.The bill came to ~$100 with tip for dinner for twoMight recommend others to try it but make sure you check your bill unlike me. Its about principle not the cost of the item.
4	The first couple of times I visited this place I wasn't too fond of the food. Although the atmosphere is absolutely stunning, I go to restaurants for food not the decor. I went back with a friend about a month ago and she suggested that I should try the kobe burger. It was up there with most other burgers that I am a fan of. All in all it has been enough for me to go there more often so good job Mr.Fox!
5	First class service, caring staff, and excellent food...Modern Steak house is a great place for an upscale dinner. Everyone was very attentive and all the little things were done right. They kept the water glasses full, cooked the steaks exactly as we requested, asked what kind of vodka we wanted in our martini, etc. The steaks were very high quality and the bake potato bar was really cool. It had five little things you could put on your potato. The atmosphere was upscale with lots of people but it was not too noisy. It felt more lively. It is not cheap, however. We spent $200 for two of us before the tip. That did include two before dinner drinks, a $30 bottle of wine, two filets, two sides, dessert, coffee, and a $25 glass of Hennessy XO. They are part of Fox restaurants and you can purchase two $50 gift cards to any Fox restaurant for only $79.99 from Costco. I definitely recommend that if you can. This was one of the nicest places we have been to in a while. Highly recommended!
2	The ambiance, price, decor and services were excellent.. However, I have to say pretty disappointed in the food.I got the bone in rib eye medium rare with a side of creme spinach. The meat was cooked perfectly, but there was no flavor and slightly dry. It didn't even melt in my mouth and it was almost $50!!! I was just in awe. The creme spinach was horrible, too watery.The group also ordered other sides and appetizers and I tried other people's food too and I didn't like anything besides the beef capaccio appetizer. I would give that 3.5 stars. The beef was thinly cut and came with a side of salad which was so good. I would add capers to the beef for more flavor.Other items:Deep fried Shrimp: the shrimp was really small, more like popcorn shrimp. The badder was seasoned bad, had to really dipped it in the sauce for the appetizer to even taste good.Side of Mac and Cheese: omg, so freaking bland, not enough cheese. They need to use different variations of cheese to bring that dish out.Side of mushroom: it was good, kind of the salty side.Seabass Fish (3 stars): they give you half of a whole fish. The dish was very light, seasoned okay.Organic Filet Mignon medium  (don't know the exact name): ate a couple of slices and it was pretty dry. I didn't have dessert because dinner was so disappointing.
4	Good food, but the atmosphere reminds me of a restaurant you would find in vegas right off the casino floor.
5	My review is qualified in that I only had the sliders at the lunch kiosk (in Fashion Square Mall) - and did not have a true sit down meal here.  But, those sliders were SUBLIME!  They were perfect little burgers.  Service at the kiosk was also amazing, and the bathrooms are easily some of the nicest I've seen (and let's face it, this totally factors into the rating a restaurant gets)!  The staff were also universally beautiful (as in Playboy Playmate hot).  I would not hesitate to go here again, as I would not hesitate to recommend it!  Next time I am in Scottsdale, I will go there again for sure.
3	I'm wavering between 2* and 3* for this review, so I'll give Modern Steak the benefit of the doubt and give it 3*.Pros:-Great ambiance. From the bar to the patio to the dining room to the restrooms, this is a beautiful restaurant. It was almost enough to make me forget I was dining in a shopping mall and is very different from all of the other steakhouses in the Valley. -Chopped Salad. The GF and I both declared this was the best chopped salad that we've had in PHX. Pretty unique and really tasty. We both said we would go back and eat this and some apps at the bar in the future.-Pretty good wine list. Not the best in town, but I was pleasantly surprised. I had super low expectations in this category due to my experiences with other Fox restaurants, but the wine list here exceeded my expectations. -Oysters. High quality Fanny Bay oysters. We love good oysters and these were very good. Granted, the kitchen doesn't do a whole lot to prepare raw oysters, but Modern Steak has a very good supplier when it comes to their oysters.Cons:-Arrived at 8:10p for a 8:15p reservation. Hostess said it would be "closer to 8:15p" before we were seated. It wasn't until 8:40p that we were seated and there were several empty tables in the dining room when we were seated. I know they might not have had staff for these tables, but what's the point of a reservation if they don't seat you until nearly 30 minutes past your reservation?-My steak was cold. Cooked perfectly, but stone cold. I knew it was a bad sign when the steaks were delivered 10 seconds after our salad plates were cleared. They were obviously sitting at the window for a long time before they were sent out. When you're paying more than $40 for a steak, it shouldn't be stone cold. I mentioned this to our server and she said that she would tell the chef. She offered to take it back to the kitchen and cook it some more, but that would defeat the purpose of ordering a medium rare steak if they had to cook it to medium or more just for it not to be stone cold. Other than that interaction with our server, nothing else was said about the chilly steak. No visit from the manager, no offer to comp dessert, nothing. And this was on a table that spent $289 for dinner for two. The quality of the meat was pretty good, but you can get better steaks at City Hall, J&G or BLT for about the same price. Sides were decent (brussels sprouts and mac & cheese), but nothing that absolutely rocked my world. in the end, we decided Modern Steak isn't a place we would go back to for a full dinner since there are other much better steakhouses in town. Instead, next time we'll hit up the bar for happy hour, get the chopped salad, some apps and a few cocktails and call it an evening. That way we can avoid the cold steaks and lackadaisical attitude towards reservations and customer service.
5	I'm a huge fan of all the restaurants created by foxrc company... This is another amazing creation.  The atmosphere is cool, not a big fan of the interior design and the mirrored ceilings.I tried their burger (medium rare) with truffle fries.  Very similar to ZinBurger, perfectly cooked.  I will try the steak next time and will update, see if they stand up to their name.They don't have any beer on tap, all bottles.  Service was just good, nothing above and beyond.  I'll be looking forward to warmer staff next visit.
4	Modern site, good food. Would definite come back sometime.
4	The food is excellent, nice fancy but modern place to go. Out of my normal price range, but is good for a special dinner!
3	Modern Steak is  one of the better offerings from Fox Restaurant Concepts with its high-design ambiance, solid cocktails, and great food. However, I would put it in the camp of a fine place if you someone drags you there, but there are far better steak/seafood houses for the money in the valley. If you're just looking to drop in, the large bar/cocktail lounge area offers plenty of comfortable seating. There are also table options both inside the restaurant as well as on the patio (although you just end up sitting next to the parking lot, which is a drawback of the location). The bartenders work as a team and the service was good.Cocktails were very good. I had a dirty Hendricks gin martini which was solid and sampled an extremely refreshing "Perfect" pimm's cup. The oysters of the day were fresh and a good start. With me being from Rhode Island and a frequent attender of the Great Chowder Cook-Off, I was really interested in the "New England Style" lobster chowder. Unfortunately, whoever put this recipe together likely has never seen the east coast, let alone New England. New England Style usually involves heavy cream and often incorporates clam juice. Instead, what Modern is really serving is a corn chowder with lobster chunks. Very much a complete fail.  I would suggest making better use of the flavor of the lobster and serving a bisque instead of this abomination.    For sides, I had the mac and cheese, which was decent and the baked potato "bar". The "bar" is all of the stuff that usually goes in to a stuffed potato, you just get to put it together yourself. It's more cute then anything. As for the meat, I am still at a loss as to why the 10oz Creekstone natural filet costs less then the 8oz Midwest prime-beef. (Our sever said they taste the same and it's more a lifestyle thing. Brilliant.)The 20oz bone-in rib eye was decent, but they might as well have pulled the bone out because there was a significant lack of flavor. The meat is quality, don't get me wrong, but you can wonder less than a block away to City Hall and get a way better tasting cut. All in all, Modern Steak has the potential to be a much more satisfying dining experience. However, the lack of flavor in the meat and the complete botch-up they call New England Style chowder will make me look elsewhere next time I'm looking for a steak/seafood house.
3	I was back today for lunch and again sat at the bar.The roast beef sandwich was better than the pastrami I had the last time.  The fries were still pretty weak.The bartender was hustling but really couldn't keep up.  It took too long for iced tea refills and to clear away my plate and bring the bill.  They really need to get the poor guy some help during the lunch rush on a Saturday.
5	Never fails to amaze me. In comparison to other Fox Restaurants I've tried, this by far is my favorite of them all.Reasons why:1. Excellent drinks. No watered down crap or some fruity tasty drink with no alcohol. No sir...they're not playing when it comes to drinks. They make it good enough for you want to sip more without you tasting the liquor....but you can definitely get a good buzz even with happy hour prices.2. Geez this sounds odd but dayummmmnnnn... The bathrooms are amazing!!! Makes me want to keep washing my hands. Yes... I know...sounds bizarre...but cmon..how often do you run into a bathroom nice enough to brag about and not mind going into!?3. Now onto the food. Never fails. Everything I have ordered here are always yummy!!!! Always cooked to perfection with good presentation. From appetizers to entrees...you can't go wrong. Give it a try & you'll know what I'm talking about.4. Servers are attentive and great. Take care of them and they'll do the same for you!5. Conveniently located in a shopping area where you can walk it off then come back for dessert!!!!!Goooooooo!!!!!!
3	My review on this place is a bit mixed. We went to lunch on Sunday  prior to some shopping.  No wait, and not busy so certainly no complaints on the staff or wait time.  I ordered the Kobe burger, she ordered the salmon. Food arrived in reasonable time, but her salmon had a long hair on top. Ew...  We notified the waiter, who immediately removed it and had it remade. Made us notice, that no one in the kitchen was waiting a hair net. The Beiber hair style with no net kinda concerns me. My burger was good, juicy and tender, Her remade salmon was very good, and he sweet potato pancakes were a nice touch.  They comped the salmon, which was nice.  Overall, the food was good and prices were reasonable for lunch.  I am slightly curious about any cleanliness issues in the kitchen though...
4	First thing's first... steak isn't modern, it was like the caveman's first meal.  So, if you aren't cooking it on a spaceship... lay off the trickery!  :)Fox Rest's are pretty much Hit or Miss, and people either love or hate the decor.  Personally, I don't mind the decor.  It's different, and pretty fun.  The uniforms are fun, dudes in lavender with chuck taylor's.  The girls in short and tight denim colored rompers.This just isnt as good as Morton's... but it ranks up there with some pretty good steakhouses.  Most of the steak is grain fed, which generally makes for a much fattier, juicier steak.  You don't order a steak for health, so get over it.  I did, however, go with the natural grass fed organic Meyer Natural Angus 12oz NY Strip.  It's grass fed for the first few months, then organic grain fed for the last few weeks to fatten it up before the slaughter.  It was very very good, especially for a NY Strip. The sides serve 2, we ordered 3 for 4 people and it was more than enough.  Asparagus was pretty thick but not too tart.  The brussles sprouts were seasoned well and very good.  Sweet potato puree with burnt marshmallow is incredible.  (It could totally be a dessert!)  The servers are knowledgeable, the food is good and the drinks are very well poured.  The wine list is fairly extensive but not crazy.  Only complaint I have is that the Valet service isnt dedicated to this restaurant (nor any), it costs $7, not a huge deal if they are there all night.  But they leave at 10:30pm.  Seems to be early on a Saturday night.  For $7, i should be able to enjoy my dinner without looking at my watch to make sure the valet wont lock up my keys.  Pretty friggin lame.  All in all... I dig this place and will certainly come back.
4	There were some things I really loved about this place and some things I was very disapointed about.  Luckily for them, the good outweighed the bad.  Good things:  AMAZING service.  We went there for Valentine's day and they worked with my boyfriend to get a special table and pre-set it up with flowers, card, etc (Embarassing, yes but very cute).  The server did a great job recommending wines. Ambience is wonderful.  I love the decor. For an appetizer we got the shrimp which was a huge appetizer and was pleasantly surprised, but filling.  I got the special surf & turf and the lobster was fantastic.  Very sweet and flavored perfectly.  Not one of those lobster you have to gorge in butter.Bad things:  At a nice steakhouse you CANNOT get the steak cook temperature wrong and they got it WAY wrong.  I order medium-rare and my boyfriend orders medium.  Mine came out medium to medium well and my boyfriends was definetly well- no pink at all.  I'm not one of those annoying people that sends things back even though this time I was tempted.  Luckily the flavor of the strak was still very good.  The other bad thing was the dessert.  It was a joke.  We ordered the peanut butter one.  I can't believe a nice fox place wound serve melted peanutbutter and choclate in a jar with two small, dry peanut butter cookie sticks.  Worst dessert I've had in a long time.  I rate this place 4 stars because the service was some of the best I've ever had and did have some really good things.  I will try again and if the steaks do not turn out perfection next time, I will have to re-rate.
4	I love the juxtaposition of Modern Steak. A straight forward, steak house type menu in an Elton John over the top decorated space. My goal, one day, is to swing from chandelier to chandelier while chowing on my Kobe burger. Our service was swift, friendly and well...practically perfect. The soft sour cream and chive butter with the foccaccia style bread is a total knockout. I was smearing it on my lips like Carmex. We started with the lobster chowder which was served in these hot metal bowls. Chowder was ok. Not amazing and definitely could have used some seasoning (nutmeg, allspice!?)...lobster was adequate, if not a little chewy. Mac n cheese was also good, but nothing to make me do my Meg Ryan from When Harry Meets Sally impersonation. The Kobe Burger? Total home run! Outstanding. Perfectly cooked. Love the homemade 1,000 island, the applewood bacon...all yummy yummy. As were the fries which were served with a side of ketchup. Missing was the trendy aioli that so many other restaurants seems to offer now. Modern Steak gets a solid 3.5 stars Love the textures and colors and am looking forward to swinging by again soon.
1	not a fan.i truly believe people are tricked by the decor. it really does make you feel cute and happy, but it's like a wolf in sheeps clothing bc the food and service suck. this applies to every fox concept, i've decided. our waiter was a diva, and not in a good way. he rolled his eyes at me several times and all i did was ask for lemon with my water. then i asked for vinegar and oil on the side instead of on my salad. it came on my salad so i asked politley if i could have a new side salad. he got so pissed and grabbed my plate without saying anything. when he returned he just slammed it down in my face. i would have walked out if i wasn't with people. i hate rude servers. then i ordered the kobe burger and it was burnt on the outside.  and it had no flavor. i had to salt and pepper the crap out of it.  last time i pay $17 for a gross burger and rude service, i don't care how effing cute your patio is.
4	I am in love with the whimsical opulence in the decor. I adore visiting for this very reason! My husband and I visited during lunch and the menu is more reasonably priced. The burgers are outstanding and almost overwhelm you with the sheer size!
3	Went for restaurant week. The lobster truffle appetizer was amazing but it definitely is the cost of a full price meal. Being from the Midwest I'm a bit of a steak snob and even though modern steak tries they use spices that definitely over power the flavor of the meat. And FYI modern steak searing is not the same thing as burning the outside my steak so it tastes burnt and charred on the outside which I had to put steak sauce on to cover up. The steak sauce not only was awful (by far the worst tasting thing I had there) it tasted like someone went wild with cinnamon and cumin and then they charged me 2 bucks for a cap full of so I could use it to cover up my burnt steak. I made a comment to the waiter he gave me the seared speech and I let it go because I was with my family. I would go back for the appetizers and drinks as they were good including the crispy shrimp and asparagus pizza however dinner wise I pass on there steak. I was impressed with the appetizers and sadly disappointed with everything else.
4	I love this sexy, modern chic restaurant with the equally inviting menu. Everything from the textured walls, cool-looking servers and the interesting play on classic American food is wonderful! The happy hour Mon-Fri from 3-6p is great! Unlike some happy hour menus where they serve the unpopular items in small HH portions, MS's HH menu is REAL food with REAL portions. I have to confess that the ONE thing that I love more than anything else on the menu is.....drum roll please......the Sour Cherry Fix (Yes, ladies and gentlemen, a cocktail)! Its made with Vox Vodka, Lemon and house-made Sour Cherry Jam. The drink is mixed with crushed ice then the sour cherry jam is drizzled on top! OMG! Its like an ice-slushy for adults! Sour Cherry Fix on a hot Arizona day, and I'm in Heaven! Enjoy!
4	Tonight I ate in the dining room of Modern Steak and got another taste of the delicious menu offerings. For the feast we started with a chopped salad, grilled artichoke and roasted winter squash. Each item was delicious and a great way to get our taste buds warmed up for the meal. At first I was hesitant to try the squash since I'm typically not a huge squash fan, but one bite and I lost all former memories! The squash melted in my mouth and was seasoned with a butter and cinnamon spread. I probably could have eaten the entire dish and been satisfied, but on to entrees we went! While my willpower fought between the salmon and burger, I decided to let the salmon part win that night (even though the burger looked so good). The salmon was bacon glazed and placed upon round sweet potatoes. The portion was huge but I found a way to consume half of it which was plenty for me! I did manage to eat all of the sweet potatoes though which were too good to pass up! The waiter was friendly and kept the meal flowing. Bravo Modern Steak!
5	A-mazing. We are from Chicago and came to Scottsdale for a couple days. After a day of laying out and shopping we decided to just eat here. We were absolutely blown away by the food and the decor! We absolutely loved everything about Modern Steak. The crunchy shrimp with sweet chilli aoli sauce was so good and the portion was good as well. The maine lobster salad was hands down the BEST salad I have ever eaten and I hate salads and lobster! It was so flavorful and you guys do not skimp on the lobster! I had the 8 oz filet and the lump crab poached in butter as an add-on and they were so yummy!! I wanted to drink the whole jar haha The crab was so rich and decadent tasting. My sister had the miso glazed sea bass and that was so soft and delicate but really tasty. I loved the dried mushrooms on top, I have never had them before but they really added something nice to the dish. The experience was so great, we contemplated coming back the next night. Needless to say, we stayed in the FOX restaurant group the whole trip and each place was awesome! We will definitely be back the next time we are in Arizona!p.s. can your interior decorator come do my house?! amazingly beautiful!
3	Moral of this story: Go with your gut!I was debating between fish and short rib, fish and short rib. Practically everyone else at the table went with fish, so I decided to branch out and get red meat...I mean the place is called Modern Steak after all, right? I wish I went with the fish. I've been super picky lately about food when I eat out (which stems from the fact that I've been cooking a lot at home and I'm damn good-toot, toot (that's my own horn)), so maybe it's just me, but I thought it was really fatty and didn't offer much meat. The horseradish gnocchi were a really strange texture and I thought the horseradish was a little overwhelming. The starters and sides were great though. Chopped salad, grilled artichoke, squash and sweet potatoes...mmmmm. Know Before You Go: IMHO, North has the best braised short rib in the Sam Fox gaggle of restaurant concepts. Get the fish at Modern Steak ;).
4	I'm pretty sure this Sam Fox guy owns 99% of the yummy restaurants I've visited in Phoenix.  And Modern Steak is no exception when it comes to a) being owned by Sam Fox and b) being quite yummy.My party of 4 enjoyed a lovely dinner in this gorgeous restaurant last Wed.  With the help of our waiter Cory we chose some delish appetziers: chopped salad, grilled artichoke and roasted squash. All of it was amazing!For my entree I went with the miso glazed seabass, which is one of my favorite things to order off any menu.  This seabass didn't disappoint. It was a bit smaller than the other entrees ordered by my dining companions, but the perfect amount of fish for me.We skipped dessert and headed across the street to Yogurtland, but next time I'll be ordering their scrumptious sounding peanut butter dessert.Sam Fox does it again. Perhaps once he's conquered all of Phoenix he'll make his way to Chicago.
4	Delicious!  I was here with a group of 7 or 8 girls and we really enjoyed our dinner here.  I ordered the 8 oz filet which was priced around $35 dollars and worth every penny.  It came with onions and it was just fabulous!  The atmosphere is flirty and fun and our waiter was happy and nice to us.  We also ordered a couple of appetizers including the artichoke which i enjoyed.  it came with 2 dipping sauces.  i'd rate the appetizers at 3 stars and give my filet 5 stars.  go with the steak here!scottsdale mall is a great mall!  this steak house is in the mall.
3	I love the decor here and the patio is fabulous with this great big scalloped metal canopy for permanent shade and blocks the view of the parking lot.  Who needs to see the parking lot??? Every restaurant should do this.The food is good not great, but I'm a salad girl and this is a steak place so I should really just order a steak or burger!...my fault!I had the chopped salad with chicken and it just needed a little something to add to the flavor,  some great cheese or seasoned chicken maybe?!  My friend ordered the club which was very tasty, I would just change from plain white bread to something a little more fitting this great local.Even the ladies room is fabulous here.  Beautiful white tile with pink wall paper even covering the ceiling and shiny silver wallpaper in the stalls.  Very posh.I'll be back for that $15 burger & fries.
4	I had a great meal here with my family.  The food was excellent, the service was prompt and professional, and the wine-by-the glass selection was ample.  We ate in the patio section, where the decor is not quite as upscale but the quieter ambience made up for it.
5	I absolutely ADORE everything about Modern Steak.  You can't go wrong with a Sam Fox creation (unless it's Culinary Dropout), and this is my very favorite of all of his restaurants.  I'm a big steak and potatoes kind of girl, and the sweet potatoes are absolutely fantastic.  I crave them, and find myself choosing Modern Steak over its main competition, Mastro's City Hall, most of the time solely because of these marshmallow slathered, little gems. Their crab appetizer served in a little glass jar of pure, truffled heaven is also "to die for".  Although it is a part of Fashion Square Mall, you'd never know it.  The ambiance is refreshing and beautiful.  If you enjoy fine dining and price isn't an issue for you, then you must go.  It truly is one of my favorite spots...
5	I went to Modern Steak for my birthday with a party of 5, made a reservation for Saturday at 8:45 pm and were seated right away. Everyone LOVED their food. We all had two round of the Jalisco Flower, it was sooo good. My friend said its exactly what she wants to serve at her wedding. I had the Sea Bass, i don't eat meat was bummed about only having a couple options, but it was AMAZING!!! No joke!! It was cooked to perfection and although the portion looked small it was exactly the right amount of food. I can't wait to go back!
5	Wow, we sat in the patio outside for lunch and it was gorgeous. The fresh bread and butter was an excellent start, the chicken-cilentro and boston cowder soups are great. And where do you buy those small All-clad pots that they serve the soups in??? The sliders and Kobe brugers hit the spot..Next time your in Scottsdale, you must stop by Fashion Square mall and check this place out..  I will definately check out the other Fox locations next time..
5	Was here last night for a professional lecture (ie I did not have to pay for dinner) and Oh. My. Goodness! Ok it started out with the servers bring around mini appetizers of teeny kobe beef burgers, bbq sliders and lavosh with shrimp and guac (the bbq sliders were my favorite). I ordered the chopped salad as my appetizer which was lettuce, corn, asparagus and avocado and a really fantastic champagne vinaigrette and the salad was surprisingly large as a starter. With the appetizers, they served us this bread that isn't listed on their menu but from looking at other reviews and then coming to my own conclusions was this- challah bread made with potato flour that has BACON in it, served with a sour cream and chive butter. To. Die. For. (like a loaded baked potato bread!)I then had the 8oz filet cooked medium... seasoned perfectly! I was just at Donovan's last week where the steak was heavily salted (though not as bad as at Arrowhead Grille).They served us (family style) asparagus cooked perfectly! And mashed potatoes that I think may have had crack in them (the menu says "vermont butter" but...), they were sooo good!Then also served family style for dessert we had chocolate cake and mini apple pie served in a little cast iron skillet. I'll say, don't come for the dessert. It's good, but the main course is definitely what you're there for.I glanced at the real menu on the way out and saw my steak normally sells for $35 all by itself, but well worth it! I'm going to start stashing away a few bucks a week to treat myself in a couple months!Oh, and the interior decorating is really unique and beautiful and provides a wonderful ambiance.
3	Not sure why it took so long to go here but finally did and was glad we took a shot at it although it did not blow me away.  The ambiance and decor is by far the best of Fox's concepts.  The bathrooms were impressive as well plus the patio was super cozy and perfect for us because of the cool weather.  Although I am a little disappointed that they had the same (same as Bloom) and only bottle of Malbec, although it is not a bad bottle.  The crab appetizer is worth the price and the complimentary bread was VERY hard not to polish off, too.  After having eating a ton of bread before the meals even came, it was hard to finish dinner.  The filet I ordered was not medium rare and the server didn't ask us how everything tasted although I never return overcooked filets.  I was bummed they didn't have bearnaise sauce as a side and being called modern steak, I almost thought the food runner was joking.  The service was not attentive at all which seemed odd to have either a new server or someone that was not ALL over us on a Friday night.  For a steak house, I am used to very attentive servers plus specials mentioned upon seating.  The price was a bit much for a overcooked steak but these things happen and I will be back but not anytime soon.
3	I find it difficult to rank establishments that have an ok overall menu, but truly excel in a few items. Those items, in Modern Steak's case, include the Kona Burger and Hotdog and the Mac n' Cheese. However, I could take or leave the rest of the menu. Also, for a place that is exposed to mall passerbys (yes, I know it's at the schwanky Scottsdale Fashion Square mall), I find the attitude too pretentious. The service staff are nice, but they need to relax a bit. And in general I find the decor overdone. Stick to a few interesting elements, please. Most people care about the food, though, so here is the bottom line: if you are in the mood for some comfort food (the pre-meal bread is also excellent) head to Modern Steak for the classics. For lunch only, though. Dinner is ridiculously expensive for what you get.
4	This is one cool place.  It's located in. Fashion Square Mall, so after a great day of shopping it's nice to come here and have their signature martini, Retail 2moroTherapy!  The lobster chowder is amazing and has a generous amount of chopped lobster in it and the flavor is outstanding! It even has bacon in it and you know everything is better with bacon. The prices are a bit high, $18.00 for a hotdog is a bit much, but then again you aren't going there for a hotdog! Great service and the bar is awesome!
5	Holy AMAZING.  I went here this past Saturday for a baby shower in one of the private dining rooms and was absolutely blown away by the food.  We had a spread which included Mac & Cheese, Sliders, Chopped Salad, some bread and french fries.  I'm still thinking about those sliders and the french fries.  I can't WAIT to go back and order from the full menu. As is par for the Sam Fox course; the decor is over the top.  I need to find out who designs these places and have them make over my house!
5	STILL drooling from my visit this past Saturday! I attended a baby shower in one of the private rooms. Let me first say that the decor in this place is AMAZING! I want to live in this restaurant! Also the staff was extremely nice and very attentive. Our main waiter was Eric and he took great care of us. The food was SO GOOD! We had the Kobe sliders, french fries, mac and cheese, the chopped salad and some tasty little rolls that were paired with an herb butter that I am pretty sure was laced with crack, all of it was beyond amazing. I took home some of the mac and cheese and just ate it for lunch, three days later and its still moist and delicious! Keep it up! I cant wait to go back and try out the full menu, though I don't know how that's gonna work because I am going to need one of each that I just listed above. Oi.
4	We came in for some drinks and Apps and sat up at the bar. This place is decorated beautifully! I could not stop looking around at everything, I wanted to go home and re-decorate my house!! So I ordered a margarita- eh it was really not that great but the bartender was very proud of himself when he gave it to me I couldn't break his heart or ego at that, and tell him it really wasn't good! Oh well! We ordered the Beef Carpaccio and the Shrimp Cocktail to go with out drinks and both were great! The Beef Carpaccio being my favorite- it had all the right flavors! It was really a great spot!
5	We absolutely love Modern Steak!  Very cool atmosphere!  Appetizers were great and the place had an exciting vibe.  The waiter was very attentive and gave excellent customer service.  My steak was delicious along with all of the good sides.  The sweet potato side dish is amazing, not to mention the awesome truffle fries!  Desserts were fantastic; definitely going back here soon!
3	This place has beautiful decor in a small to medium sized place. It's like being in a posh garden party! The food wad okay, definitely nothing to rave about. It tastes okay and the portions are average. The price is fair too. Overall, nothing special. I ordered the Chopped salad with no dressing. The salad came out drenched in vinegar. They offered a new one, which I accepted. The new salad was still coated in dressing, but I didn't want to mention the mistake again. Service was okay, though the hostess was like a zombie.
3	My wife and I have been here a few times for lunch.  Our favorites are the cheeseburger with caramelized onions and most of their salads.  This is a great place for a date night as it is located near the Fashion Square Harkins movie theater.  Another hit for Sam Fox!
1	HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE, AND MORE HORRIBLE.....From the trampy looking hostess to the waiter that showed zero interest, our experience started out as a VERY negative one.  Once the food arrived, the quality and size of the prime steaks was not the greatest.  Who serves green onion butter with a herbed bread?  What ever happened to plain rolls and butter.  The mashed potatoes arrived with a layer of melted butter on top.  The french fries had garlic (?) coating on them.  STAY AWAY- A BIG ripoff and poor food!
4	Modern Steak is the steak house for ladies who lunch.  The color scheme is pretty with mirrors and chandeliers everywhere.  As you would expect from a Sam Fox creation, the menu is innovative yet familiar feeling.  There's nothing here that will challenge a true foodie, but the food is a good mix of steakhouse with salads.  The potted lobster is divine as is the steak carpaccio.  The night we went, the rib eye was well marbeled and delectable.  (The price was a little steep, but then again, you are next to Barneys).  The desserts are much too sweet.  Plan on sharing if you must indulge.  You might be better off finishing the meal with a glass of ice wine or port instead.  (One of the very few restaurants I've seen to offer Vidal ice wine on its menu).  The bar in the front portion of the restaurant is also very pretty.  It caters to a group of business types and the drinks are pretty standard.  Overall, I'd give this place a four.  It's like a more expensive version of Arrogant Butcher.
3	Wonderful decor.  The place visually... is stunning. Luxurious and completely unlike any restaurant I have been to in Arizona. New York? Los Angeles? Sure. But Phoenix, though I stand by the hard working and talented chefs and restauranteurs in my home town for their food, has a draught of truly posh, sophisticated dining spots. Ok... so ambiance and decor is amazing.  Here is the down side. I had the Roast beef sandwich with au jus and the fries. Fries were awesome and the ketchup is made in house. And it shows. Fresh and tasty. But... a restaurant with STEAK in the title should have amazing beef. The roast beef was low on flavor and even... gasp... a little dry. I doused it in the au jus but that was also bland. I brought my four year old daughter and my sister brought her 9 month old son and ... we weren't sure our children were welcome there. The server was a nice fellow, though, in the tradition of posh LA diners, he was a little snooty and eyed our kids with a little fear and a little disdain. The price was good, and I felt some appreciation for the opportunity to lunch in such opulence and yet, in this economy, to not be robbed at the end by an upright waiter in a silk vest.
5	Great service and food!  Staff was very attentive and the decor was very nice...very classy....
4	Again Fox Concepts hits the mark with a fancy restaurant.  Lets inspect this place from the floor to the beautiful ceiling, Inside a mall? Well not any mall, this is Scottsdale Fashion Square, a spot for the local Scottsdale folk, their fancy outfits and the never ending  tourists.  This place can host exclusive private party for the movers and shakers of Arizona as well offer a great lunch menu for the common foodie. A few things worth trying,Apps, don't skip the apps here, the chief does a great job creating great sample dishes.  I could not get enough of the crab, or was it the super clarified butter, go for it if your remember anything this app is nothing short of amazing.  I can't forget the Steak,If you know your steaks this is not a bad place to stop by, but don't come here on a tight budget you'll miss out.Fox Concepts branding continues.  Kevin
4	I love this place, they have the best short ribs.  Tender and juicy but doesn't just fall about at the first cut.  My husband like the Kobe hotdog, I think it just tastes like a regular hotdog but the homemade sides do take it over the top.  The service was great and the waiters always know the menu well.
2	The salmon was great. They overcooked my husbands steak, which was just a so-so steak. City hall is much preferred!
5	I would give Modern Steak 4.5 stars for the service and the use of really fresh ingredients!  I ordered the beef carpaccio and their warm lobster salad with white truffles and I can just taste the freshness of all the ingredients, def very refreshing to have!  This restaurant is located inside Scottsdale's upscale mall, but it oozes that hampton / beachy vibe which def helps earn brownie points with me,  They also have a decent steak selection for the heavy carnivores, so I think it's a must visit if you are in town!
5	My maid of honor planned my bridal shower here and oh my god was it good.This place is absolutely beautiful. It looks like it should be in NYC or LA.They gave us a private dining room, the food was fantastic, the drinks were even better (the Retail Therapy martini is literally to die for), and they even gave us all seperate checks w/ no trouble.I cant wait for it to cool down so we can take advantage of their patio!
4	$35 price fix items were delicious, great shrimp cocktail, halibut outstanding, filet of beef and pork chop very good. Desserts were good but not  as special as the entrees.
2	Comparable pricing as city hall, but not nearly as good and portions seem to be smaller as well. Fun people watching
5	Seriously. Modern Steak may be my new favorite place to eat. Ive only been for lunch so far, still need to do dinner there. Once again Eric was our waiter and he was just amazing and remembered us from the shower we had been to a few months prior. The food was just beyond perfect! My one "complaint" the hostesses wear very very short dresses. Like inappropriately short. Other then that this place can do no wrong in my eyes.
5	I had a party in the private dining area of modern steak and they did a great job!  The service is very good and the employees are very accommodating.  I have been to modern steak more than a handful of times and the food is very good. The one thing that is a negative are the portions. They are not huge.  But the food is very good. I recommend going at lunch and trying the menu. The prices are lower and it allows you to really try different dishes.  Their tortelli is delicious, the Kobe burger is great and the soups and side dishes are delicious. But the real reason I love modern steak so much is the decor.  It is GLAMOROUS!!!  It is by far the most beautiful restaurant I've been to.  And I am in sales and entertain at high end restaurants all the time. It is like old Hollywood glamour.
4	This place is like one of those slick CBS procedural dramas.  It is pretty formulaic, very well executed, somewhat predictable, and yet still very tasty.  About what you'd expect from a Fox establishment, only dialed up.  A lot of style, a little less substance.    Nothing really new but that doesn't mean that I still can't enjoy the solid execution....and the tender, tasty Waygu.
5	I found my new favorite restaurant! Setting: the restaurant is beautiful, as expected from Fox Concepts. Its got plenty of seating, but I chose to sit outside. Once outside, I didn't feel like I was attached to a mall at all. The bright white tables, walls and decorative...screen(?) totally put you in this nice, peaceful place. There happened to be a TV where I was sitting, but it was pretty well hidden (not like a typical restaurant that puts giant screens at the center of attention). Service: the service was amazing from the start. The hostess seated me in less than 5 minutes (probably because I was a party of one due to this being a last minute decision). The waitress was fantastic, and hooked me up with my favorite local brew - Four Peaks: Kilt Lifter. Any place that has local brews is on my good side. The waitress even went as far as pouring the rest of my beer in the glass when I was running low (instead of me pouring it out of the bottle myself), not something I'm used too.When I ordered my three course meal, everything came fast but in perfect timing (not too fast). It was brought out by someone from the kitchen, and I always had a fresh set of silverware. Food: This is where it gets REALLY good. I started with the cucumber shrimp cocktail, and it was absolutely amazing. Lots of shrimp, and when combined with the cucumber, cocktail sauce and celery, it was the most perfect combination of flavors. Awesome for a warm September evening.I had the filet mignon with Yukon potatoes and green beans for my second course. I ordered it medium, and it was spot on. The meat melted in my mouth, and was perfect with the potatoes and a little bit of sauce that was around it. Beans: well, I hate beans, but these were phenomenal. Dessert was the strawberry shortcake, which someone said was their favorite, so I had to try. It was so fluffy and fresh I wish it didn't have to end. Once again: perfect!Overall, this is an absolutely amazing restaurant. I came and got the restaurant week special ($30 for three courses), and it was worth every penny. Their normal prices are a bit higher, but I strongly urge you to treat yourself to some incredible food here. It's definitely worth it!
4	Just dined at Modern Steak for lunch on Sunday and was floored with the experience. The first thing I noticed when I walked in was the amazing decor which can best be described as modern, but comfortable. Upon entering I was greeted by the hostess who went the extra mile to make sure we had a good table as my party had a small child in it. The lunch menu is pretty diverse and has anything from filet mignon to kobe burger. For an appetizer we elected to start with the crispy shrimp with sweet chili aioli. The shrimp was well cooked and the sweet chili aioli was an excellent compliment. For my entree I ordered the petit filet mignon with a potato puree and roasted mushrooms, which I ordered medium. The steak was absolutely delicious and tender. The reduction sauce that was drizzled on top was to die for and had just the right level of sweetness to it. I will definitely head back to Modern Steak soon.
5	So I first thought this restaurant is located in a mall, dunno about how good it can get. Then i walk inside and wow I am blown away. It is a glamerous restaurant. The furniture, chandeliers, wall paper, even bathroom is beautiful. I want to hire their designer. Now on to the service. It was excellent hands down. Now on to the food. I started off with the chopped salad. The only problem was that it tasted so good my bf kept helping himself to more bites. It was a delicious salad and I really dont know how amazing a salad can be. It is just lettuce right? It must have been the dressing. They were very generous with their shrimp cocktail too. For the main course i got the halibut, aka best fish I have ever had in my life. It literally crumbled in my mouth. It tasted flaky moist and a little crispy at the top. It came on top of this cream corn and cherry glaze. There was some shaved asparagus on top. If I could curse right now I would. It was (curse) amazing! I wanted to lick the bowl at the end. Overall wonderful place. I wish I could eat there everyday.
5	My hubby and I came here for restaurant week and we loved it.  The space is absolutely beautiful, service was on point and the food was cooked to perfection.  A+++ all the way, another homerun for me by Fox concepts.
4	I don't think I could ever give five stars to a restaurant that has a $67 entree and is located across from an H&M in a shopping mall, but Modern Steak got pretty close.For one thing, their Retail Therapy drink is ridiculously good. Like, oh my god can I get an IV good. Like, it's happy hour and this drink isn't on the happy hour menu but I'm gonna order it anyway because it's just that good good. And don't let it's pink color and delicious taste fool you because two of them will have you on your ass, I know from experience (like I had to mention that).The crab appetizer was heavily pimped by our bartender which I'm always skeptical of. I mean, how convenient that the most expensive appetizer on the menu is also your personal favorite, staff member who generally receives a percentage of the overall sale as compensation for your trouble? But, in this case, he was absolutely right because it is freaking incredible. Especially since it's pretty much served with a mason jar full of butter. Seriously, Paula Deen would have a hard time finishing it off. On our last visit we actually kept the butter and used it to dip our steak in. Which, if you've never done, is pretty freaking delightful. I bet Paula Deen's done it.The salads are actually really decently priced for the  portion you get. I got the chopped salad, thinking it would be a wimpy little pre-dinner salad, and actually had to stop eating it for fear that I wouldn't have room for my rib-eye. And god knows rib-eye takes precedence over salad.Which brings me to the meat. The rib-eye cut is HUGE and basically exactly what a rib-eye should be. It's a little salty, but not really in a bad way. It's just much saltier than steaks I've had at other restaurants. It's always been perfectly cooked and they'll always split plate it without any attitude, so that's nice.All-in-all, I've never been disappointed at Modern Steak, but I've never been disappointed at Five Guys either, which is also located in the mall and priced about $50+/head less. But you can't get a Retail Therapy at Five Guys, so that gives Modern Steak a solid four stars.
5	Upscale steakhouse that I prefer over the other, well known places like the Keg and Flemings. Unique decor throughout has a modern vibe. Service is exceptional and the bar is very good as well. Great location also makes this place a must stop.
4	It's a given that Sam Fox controls most of the Scottsdale dining scene with his plethora of restaurants along Scottsdale Road. His concepts and food appeal to the masses and can draw crowds any day of the week. There is a downfall to that: It allows for a slip of service and quality of food. I only base that off of the fact that I have dined my way through the Fox Restaurant Concepts and not always been wowed by the food. Given that fact, I have always been weary of trying Modern Steak because of its location and assumed price tag. Modern Steak is the best Fox restaurant that I have dined at. Though it is upscale, a little gaudy, and pricey... It was delicious. Paying $17 for a burger and fries is more than a little steep, but what can you do? I will say that it was one of the better burgers that I've had in the Valley, apart from Liberty Market and Delux Burger. We also had the maple glazed salmon with sweet potatoes and brussels sprouts for $26. It was cooked absolutely perfect and was a great combination of favors. One of the appetizers is a foot long Kobe hot dog with a handful of toppings for $18. I understand it's Kobe, but come on, that's too much. We also shared the truffle fries that were $9 and worth every penny. The meal would have not been complete without a couple of cocktails. The spiced appled Manhattan was $11 and a good cocktail. It was smooth, well balanced but not a Manhattan at all. I was expecting a Manhattan to have vermouth in it, but there was none to be found. There was Grand Marnier, though? The only "Manhattan" component was bourbon. Disappointing. We also ordered the Old Town Negroni for $10. This drink had the components of a Negroni, but added more. It had fresh squeezed orange juice and soda, served in a Collins glass. It didn't even taste like a Negroni anymore. Though, with how sweet the drink was, I could now see how it appealed to the masses. The food was stellar, though maybe overpriced for what it was. However, you are paying for the location and ambiance, which is nice. With that being said, I see a lack of passion when it comes to cocktail service and looking for a little higher check average with mediocre alcohol by appealing to the masses. Don't settle for less because it's easier, take a small step up and do everything with excellence and this restaurant could easily be a 5-star.P.S. This was for a family member's birthday and the staff was accommodating and didn't even charge a plate fee when we brought our own cake in. Also, they were not rushing us out at all after they had closed and we were still chatting and enjoying each other's company.
4	Was craving a hamburger and popped into Modern Burger at Fashion Square. I was disappointed only sliders were available at the modern burger so went to their full restaurant next door at Modern Steak.  Somewhat pricey for lunch but great atmosphere.  We sat outside and I ordered the kobe burger and a salad.  Was very good and loved the bacon on top of it.
4	I've frequented Modern Steak a few times and honestly each experience has been different. I first went here with another couple for restaurant week and the service was rather snooty. We felt rushed and skipped over- that sticks out over the food I ate there that night. The other and most recent excursion to Modern Steak was for happy hour. We ate in the bar area, which is just as lovely as the main dinning area, and the menu was very good! Only problem was trying to figure out what to order first. Fries were yummy and the sliders were very good- believe I got two orders of the sliders.
4	Surprisingly good! We came for dinner on a Sat night and sat at the bar area. We weren't that hungry, so we ordered various things to share. The grilled artichokes were good, but hard to eat! The salad was surprisingly really yummy. And the steak itself was perfect - get the mushrooms as sides! Not too pricey too, especially given the location. Great and relaxing meal.
5	I'm a big fan of Fox restaurants already but Modern Steak did not disappoint. The boyfriend took me here for my birthday and we had a great experience.It was a Saturday night and I was surprised at how not busy it was. We chose a nice table out on the patio because it was a warm evening. Even though the patio is right next to the parking lot it's relatively covered so you still feel like you're in the restaurant and not just sitting in traffic.We both ordered filet mignon. I was very happy to see the had grass-fed beef. You don't see that too often and it's a much better choice than grain-fed so yay Modern Steak for offering that! For our sides we ordered the mushrooms and the onion rings.The steak was delish. Done just right to each of our liking ad a nice-sized portion. The onion rings were tasty, served with BBQ sauce. The mushrooms were a nice compliment to the steak. My the end of our meal we were stuffed and satisfied. When the boyfriend made reservations he mentioned it was my birthday so they brought out a free dessert. A very nice touch for sure.The most impressive part of the night came at the end. We both had steak left over so sent it back with the server to be boxed to go. She came back to our table and told us my steak had accidentally been thrown out and offered to have a fresh steak cooked for us to take home. I was blown away that they would offer that instead of just saying oops. We of course took her up on the offer and enjoyed the leftovers the next day.High marks for the food, service and atmosphere. Modern Steak was the perfect choice for my birthday dinner.
4	Very good food!!Great happy hour prices; small menu though.A+ for ambience and food.  The menu prices are awesome and the staff is friendly. The stars are for the menu prices for happy hour.  Roast beef slider $2, fries $4.  Can u tell I am about the cost? The outside patio is nice on these chilly winter nights and also good for groups.
4	I've been to Modern Steak three times, for three different occasions.  The first time was for dinner.  I left rather unimpressed.  I felt that the steak was decent, and my bf's pasta dish was a little on the small side.  I was sold on the desserts though.The second time was for happy hour.  Great apps and champagne is always a winner with me!  Definitely check on the happy hour.Most recently, I stopped in for lunch with friends.  This was the best.  The patio was fabulous.  I had the mac n cheese which was perfect for lunch.  My friends had the hot dog and the burger, both of whom raved about their meals.Stop in to Modern Steak if you you're hungry!  Go for the mac n cheese!
4	My first visit to Modern Steak was for a reception that this organization hosted it took pace on their patio which was the perfect size for a intimate gathering. The fire place and plush seating added to the experience, I'm definitely lovin ' the decor and ambiance of this place it is ideal for a date or a classy special occasion dinner. I've been back for happy hour 2 times in the last 2 months...why?? because it's freakin AHMAZING!! Their HH eats top out at around $4 each plate and it's a decent selection. They also have select wines and other cocktails for $5 a glass. The last 2 times I have gotten the half chopped salad ($3)  and a half serving of their market soup ($2) as well as a glass of wine; this is the perfect light dinner option for me :-). The best part is that you can taste the freshness in their ingredients, it didn't taste like typical HH food. I tasted some of my friends Parmesan fries and they were delish as well. Their entrees are a bit pricey for dinner so I plan on making a trip during lunch to try other items off of their menu.
5	This was an excellent night out we had  it just took me a while to get around to writing a short review.      The atmosphere here is king,  the steaks are yummy and the staff is excellent. Josh our waiter was there when we needed him and he gave great suggestions and took care of all the people at my table.    The Mac and Cheese was my favorite,  make sure you try it.Add this Sam Fox location to you list for Steaks.
5	We were traveling through Scotsdale enroute to Sedona and stopped here for lunch.  Our food was tasty and our service was great (I had the sirloin & fries - when I ordered it they told me I could get other steak on the menu too if I wanted).  My steak was cooked perfectly and they split our salad on two plates for us without us even asking.  Though, I have to say, it was a little awkward.  We felt like we were on the Real Housewives of Phoenix or something.  At one point, we looked around to the other 10 or so tables and they were all filled with middle-aged women.  My husband was the only man there who wasn't a server!  No wonder why they looked as us a little funny when we arrived...  Anyway, for a girl from the north, it was nice to be able to eat outside in the dead of winter and they flipped the TV to ESPN at our table, which I thought was a cute touch.I don't typically love chains or places in malls, but, it looks like that's all I really had the choice of in Scotsdale, so, I'm happy we ended up here!
3	Steak was nothing special.   Lobster chowder was good however would not recommend the crab cakes unless you are a lemon fan.
5	Don't be fooled by the name, it's just not a great place to go for great steaks. All of their food is fabulous. so if you are  someone who appreciates food, wine and ambiance,  Modern provides the perfect mix. Happy is hour is a great value and the bar area is busy with a great crowd as well as happy hour specials. It's worth overlooking that it's in a mall.
5	YUMMO!After months of wanting to go here, we finally went! I love Fox restaurants and this is one I was dying to try!After seeing many reviews about the retail therapy cocktail, I just had to get it. Very good. They had a great wine selection too. We started out with Oysters and the Beet Salad. Both were great.Next came the shrimp and tortellini dish while my husband had a steak and potato puree. I loved my pasta dish....it was smaller than I expected but filling. The steak was cooked perfectly and very tender. The potato puree was just that, puree. My husband and I like thick potatoes with lots of lumps and this was pretty much the exact opposite. They were good...just not our thing.We finished by sharing the peanut butter cup dessert. Divine.Overall, we were very very pleased with Modern Steak. The decor is amazing, the food and service were wonderful and it was a great place for a date night. You really don't realize you are in a mall. It is a bit pricey (easy to spend $125+ for two) but worth it!
5	I just celebrated my birthday here this past weekend and I have nothing but awesome things to say.First off, I know the private rooms are for bigger- more spendy types but Modern Steak accomodated 18+ of my friends (after I changed the number like 3 times). Everyone from the VIP party person, to the hostesses that answered my calls were super awesome and welcoming. When we got there, immediately went to the chic bar and had a few drinks....Can't go wrong with a little Dirty Goose but it was nice that they also had the Bleu Cheese Olives for my Kettle Dirty friends:)We all caught up at the bar and sat in one of the rooms and I felt like a Princess sitting at the head of the table!Maple Salmon -- Delish! Mac and Cheese to die for and whoever thought about combining bread with bacon needs to get a RAISE! And the topping to the evening was my awesome birthday Dessert. Whoever is the Chocolate Writer there is absolutely wonderful and it added a little extra to my wonderful dessert.Thank you Modern Steak...can't wait to dine here again!
5	I love this place. I don't splurge often on expensive food, but when I do I generally go to Modern Steak. The food is amazing, the bread is to die for and the service has always been great. Also the decor and inside is really beautiful. The manager told me it is French inspired, which may be the only good things the French did... I kid ;) A great place to eat!
4	I'm tired of being slammed for liking Fox Concept Restaurants; I've never had a bad experience at any of them.  The food is always good and the drinks are among the best in the valley.  I almost always order the warm Main lobster salad, which seems to have been drizzled with melted butter (!) and wash it down with a "Retail Therapy" or one of the many wines they offer.  I like enjoying my favorite items and the weather on the patio, but sometimes the fireplaces are cranked up a little too high.  Seating is comfortable and the staff is personable.  Modern Steak is on my list of places to visit regularly.  Getting buzzed on delicious drinks early in the day followed by shopping is a great way to spend a Saturday or Sunday :)
5	Once again, Modern Steak never fails, or even comes short of greatness. Went here for a birthday lunch with a group and had an excellent time. We all ordered the pink diamond which is a delicious champagne drink with some acai and fruit juice, so you don't feel guilty. I was getting my vitamins that morning. They brought out fresh hot bread with this herb butter that melted over. It was gone in a blink of an eye. I ordered the turkey burger which was very filling and delicious. For dessert they brought out this chocolate cake that had layers and layers of good stuff. I have no idea what it was. It tasted salty, crunchy, moist, and above all full of chocolate. Thanks again Modern Steak.
4	My husband and I are big fans of Fox Concept restaurants and have been lusting over coming here for quite some time. My husband turned 30 earlier this month, and we were so excited to finally visit Modern Steak to celebrate. I called a couple weeks in advance for a reservation. The girl who answered was polite, but I had to keep repeating the information before she finally had it right. I told her we would be celebrating my husband's 30th and that we had never been in. I asked her for one of the best seats and she said she'd set us up with a cute booth. Fast forward to his birthday. Now, I want to start with the positive here. The atmosphere is lovely and you would never know you were inside of a mall. Very classy, modern, and overall visually appealing (the girls bathroom seals the deal, too!). I ordered the 8 oz midwest prime beef filet. Let me just say that it was to die for. Literally the BEST steak I have ever had the pleasure of eating. Fan-freaking-tastic. Hubby ordered 18 oz herb crusted rib eye. He loved his as well and thought it was very flavorful. Overall, the food easily wins 5 stars. My only complaint is that not one person wished my husband a happy birthday. Not the hostess, not the server, noone. This made me sad considering on his birthday last year I took him out to another nice restaurant (The Cork) and they had "Happy 29th Birthday, Kevin" engraved on the menu. The booth we sat in at Modern Steak was near the kitchen, which is usually not a popular spot to sit in so I'm not sure if the girl who made the reservation really chose that spot for us. Luckily, my husband loves watching the chefs. I would absolutely come back despite nobody acknowledging such a special milestone for him. But it's the food alone that would bring me back. Best. Steak. Ever.
5	First off I am in love with the decor of Modern steak. It is hip and feels like something you would find at a swanky Las Vegas hotel. I went there for lunch and I had the Jumbo Shrimp Louie with hearts of palm, tomato and avocado ($16.00). It was great, the shrimp were really huge and everything in the salad was fresh and was just phenomenal. My friend had the twin sliders and said they were great as well. I have been always impressed with the restaurants and quality of food that FOX Restaurant Concepts put's out. I have NEVER had an issue with service, and the quality of food they put out!
4	Only four stars because I've only been there twice, both times just for sides and a drink. I'm looking forward to bumping it up once I get a chance for a full meal.If the definition of "Mall Food" was what MS serves, we'd all be better for it. If you are a fan of sweet potato pie, you should share the one MS serves up with a good friend. It feels home made even though it's probably from a huge batch. Texture is great, flavor is spot on, and the melted marshmallows on the top look right. Brussels Sprouts were also a great side. Just the right mixture of creamy, salty, and browned.The boss and I stopped in late on a Wednesday night (2/15), and all the staff we interacted with were pleasant, patient (we were tired from a day of travel), happy to see us, and helpful with suggestions. While food puts you on the culinary map, your staff can make or break you. Consider this place made.The open kitchen and wine display isn't my thing, but I guess someone somewhere thinks it's cool. Whatever, I'll come back for the food.
5	My bf and I went there last night to celebrate my new job. Boy were we glad we did. We started off with drinks. I had a Retail Therapy and he had their Manhattan. Gotta say two of the best drinks we've ever had. Delish and dangerous. My bf called them panty droppers lol. We had oysters and they were awesome!! I had the 8oz Filet and bf had the 18oz Bone in Rib Eye. Both were cooked to perfection. We also had the roasted Brussel Sprouts with bacon, super yummy!!Our server was Bradley, it was his 6th day but you'd never know it. Excellent server!!Looked like a young Steve Buscemi seriously could play him in younger days!We had a weird moment with diners sitting behind us as they proceeded to talk to us after they had quite a few cocktails but it didn't ruin the night just made for a funny story.
5	Flawless service, fantastic drinks, perfect food.  They even do the follow up calls to make sure everything was satisfactory.  5 star service, suitable for your nicest event.
5	A very good bone-in ribeye, a footlong kobe hotdog, oysters, champagne, brussel sprouts, and truffle french fries.  Too good to be true.The service was attentive and the ambiance was okay (not intimate but definitely toward upscale). Everything we had was delicious....the oysters with the celery puree were strikingly good.
1	So very disappointing.  We ended up here because we showed up to go to Marcella's and they are closed now :(  I loved that place!  We had onion rings which were good.  They also serve two types of bread, one is a cheese and bacon the other some kind of cheese bread.  The bacon one is great!  It came with a chive and sour cream type butter.  Mmmm  Service was very slow and I had to stop a manager to ask where our food was, luckily they brought it out just then.  There was basically one server and she was very short with us and the backup servers (they look like bus boys but served food and helped out at the tables) were much better.  I was so mad at this server that I actually asked for the tip to be left to the backup server only and she get none.  She came by maybe 5 times total for a few seconds each and was very short with us when she took our orders.My All Natural NY Strip steak was actually burnt on the edges and a bit more cooked than i would have liked it, I wanted Med Rare, tit was more Med.  I didn't send it back because I had to be leaving for Winslow right after, but if I had time, I totally would have sent it back.  The small spoonful of caramelized onions were good though. This place is expensive, and you are not getting the service you should be due nor the quality of food you would expect for this kind of money.I was also not impressed by the knife they gave me to cut the steak, it kinda worked but was pretty worn.
5	This restaurant was a great finding.  I would have never guessed it was located in a shopping mall.  The decoration and the designed of the place was amazing.  Considering the fact that I'm not from AZ and I've read other reviews where people had mentioned they didn't think so highly of this restaurant because its part of Fox's.  The services, the food, the apprezitiers, the drinks and the staff were excellent.  The food gets pretty pricey.  Be expected to pay about $150 for 2 people.
5	[Happy Hour Review]+ 3-6:30PM+ $2 or $2.50 [What??! you ask!] I know, right.+ THE Catch: PRICE PER ITEMWhat has been ORDERED:+ Parmesan Fries with Aioli - $2, Very share-able, comes in a basket, seasoned well and crispy+ Oyster - $2, fresh fresh fresh, comes with lemon, cocktail sauce and hot sauce+ White Shrimp - $2.50 each, more-less mediocre+ Half Market Soup - $2, the great thing about their soup is its really simple yet excellent in taste, had Onion Soup and Mushroom Soup on 2 separate occasions+ Roast Beef Slider - $2, thinly sliced meat, cooked nicely with soft buns and delicious sauce+ Regular Slider - $2, nicely cooked patty, with soft bunsWine - Red, White, Bubbles - $5 per glassThere's a handful of cocktail drinks for $5I recommend sitting at the bar if you want quicker service.  The Happy Hour specials are offered in the Patio area as well.  Just about every time I stop by, there's always room to sit.  Bartenders are friendly and attentive.  For the elegant and vintage-style that offers cheap bites, its a no brainer that Modern Steak does it the BEST.
5	Awesome experience here! Not from the area, but if I were to come back, or refer a friend, this is definitely the spot.  Not your normal steakhouse.  Definitely different in the decor, the attitudes of the waiters, and the menu.  To start out on my business dinner:HIGHLY RECOMMEND the mersus (not sure if I spelled that right) crab for an appetizer.  Very nice thick crab meat soaked in butter and you can smell the hint of truffle.  It comes in a cute jar with bread.  Awesome on the bread that comes with it.  The oysters were 2.50 each, but they were very typical and didn't really get my attention.The wedge salad comes with bleu cheese and thousand island, so that's definitely one you can split with a group who likes either or choices.The warm lobster salad is a MUST TRY.  Plenty of flavor and lobster. I also tried the lobster soup which tasted like watery clam chowder.The Main Entree:Prime bone-in ribeye vs. Herb crust bone-in ribeye!PRIME bone in ribeye wins!The best of the best.  Medium rare with caramelized onions.  They put it on the side but I like to put it on top and cut it with my slice of meat.  Perfect texture and flavor.  I would have thought that the herb crust would make it more flavorful, it really just looks like dab of peppers on top of the steak that actually gave it less flavor. Sides:Truffle fries: delicious! You can smell the truffle as the waiter brings it by your tableMushroom: HIGHLY RECOMMEND. goes great with the caramelized onions as wellBrussels sprout: a bit on the salty side, due to the bacon but overall okay. Dessert:Chocolate cake: ehhhh.... not so tastyIt was a delicious dinner, and to top it off, my boss got a call the next day from the restaurant to thank us for coming in and to see if we enjoyed our dinner the night before.  That's definitely a first.
5	Wow Love this place!!!!!!  Went here for a birthday lunch with the family and everybody raved about what they had.  If you get the burger you have to try it with the fried egg. yuuummyyyy.   Also try the donut holes for desert, the best I tell ya. It is pricey but I think you really get what you pay for here.
5	Best service I've experienced in a long time, what a refreshing surprise to the norm!  Took my bestie to dinner last night for her birthday.  We had the biggest oysters I've ever seen!  Do you see the bread in the picture that someone complained about having bacon in it?  Yes, I agree they should warn Kosher people there is bacon in the bread.  But for those of us that love bacon, that is the bomb!  My steak was cut and cooked perfectly medium rare!  They brought her an amazing dessert.  And would you believe they called me today to follow up and ensure that I enjoyed my experience?  Well done Modern Steak, I'm a fan!
5	Excellent service, and great food, but it is definitely not a place you go if you are on a budget.
4	I've been here several times now and it's actually pretty good.  The last time was in the for spring/summer restaurant week.We ordered off the prix fixe menu.  Good value, good choices.1st course.  Shrimp cocktail.  Good, albeit small shrimp.  Avocados in it was a good addition.  Wife had the wedge salad.  Again avocados was a good addition.  Blue cheese was a bit sharp though.2nd Course.  Filet with horseradish mash potatoes.  Very good.  Potatoes were really good.  Wife had the pork lion with cream corn.  Very good again.  Cream corn was good but a bit sweet (sweeter than normal for me).3rd course.  Peanut butter whatever the heck they call it.  Very good again, but honestly they could give you half as much and it would still be plenty for one person.  Wife had  pineapple bread pudding.  Very good again.  However the pineapple tasted canned versus fresh.A couple of notes...- Real eclectic crew works here...more so than at other comparable restaurants.  Not something that bothers me but just interesting to look at.  The highlight tonight was a very nice looking young lady in a one piece hot pants type outfit...kind of reminiscent of something Beyonce wore in Goldmember as I recall.- The name of the restaurant is Modern Steak...not Modern Vegetarian/Modern Halal/Modern Kosher.  That thing sitting on your shoulder is the clue bird...take note.- Value wise, restaurant week or otherwise, is on par with comparable restaurants (Mortons, Ruths (bleh), Maestros, etc).
5	Great Atmosphere... Great Service.... Great Food!...My wife and I dined at Modern Steak this past weekend... There was no wait (on a friday)  The dining room is Gorgeous, with an open kitchen.I had the Sirloin Cap and fries, very good value, as some of their steaks are pricy... but there is a bunch of different items on the menu for everyone.  Our Server, Reede, was a very nice young gentleman and took great care of our table from start to finish- I like this restaurant a ton more than Flemings or Durants, as it has a 'modern' flair...  The atmosphere is not stuffy at all!! The waiters and waitresses wear converse sneakers, and the cooks have mohawks.    Try the Beet salad, and the Sirloin cap.  For Dessert they had a tasty peanut butter creme brule thing... it was great!
2	What I keep finding at the higher end Fox restaurants is a lot of potential with a lack of execution.  I love Sauce, but this place and The Green House were a huge let down. When a place has the word "Steak" in it's name, of course you are expecting an awesome steak. I ordered what should have been one of the best steaks on menu, 20oz bone-in Ribeye. It was really disappointing. Thin, tough, no way this was a Prime cut of steak. Apps, sides, wine, service...all pretty good or this would have been a 1 star. Don't waste your money here, head across the street to City Hall.
1	I finally decided to check out Modern Steak on my birthday to see if its as good as some of the other Fox restaurants are.  We sat in the lounge so we can check out the happy hour, although I knew I wanted a steak for dinner.My boyfriend ordered the cheeseburger and aioli fries and I ordered the 14 oz NY strip steak.  The waitress asked me if I wanted a salad or anything since the steak was a la carte.  $40 for just steak???  Anyway, the part I was slightly put off by is that she directed me to the $10 salads in the sides area of the dinner menu when there are $3 options on the happy hour menu.  I kind of felt like she was trying to cheat me..  :/  Then when she asked if I wanted to get the salad first or everything out at once, I said salad first and she convinced me to get everything at once saying they'll all fit on the table.  That wasn't what I was worried about - I was actually kind of hungry as I had just worked out.After 30 minutes of sitting there, I started really crashing and my boyfriend intercepted her as she rushed by and asked her if any of our food was ready.  She said she'd check and brought out my salad saying sorry it got busy, the rest of our food should be out in 4 minutes.The salad was actually pretty good.  I liked the dressing, the amount of dressing, the size of the bits of everything though it could have used a little more sweet morsels.  Other than that I enjoyed it quite a bit.  The rest of our food arrived as promised.  Here was my impression - the cheeseburger tasted just like Wendy's.  The $5 happy hour burger has a very thin patty of ground beef that is akin to the fast food chain with the exception that it is not square.  It was good..  but I can get that at Wendy's for half the price.  The fries were pretty good, was not a fan of the aioli (nothing special) and somehow the seasoning was bland.  Its funny because you can see thick chunks of salt(?) all over them..  The biggest disappointment was the $40 steak.  I requested it be cooked medium and what I got was a charred piece of meat that was absorbing moisture from my tongue as I chewed.  I kept waiting for someone to come by to ask if things were good because you can tell this was an overcooked steak.  There was not a drop of juice on the plate!  I was a fan of the caramelized in wine onions they served with the steak - helped me choke down the few bites that I did.This was by far the most overcooked piece of meat I was served at a steak restaurant.  Even the one at Capital Grille (also overcooked, see my review) was not as bone dry like this one.  And the price paid for the soon to be doused in A1 just makes me want to cry.  I may go back for happy hour but I will stick to wine and the raw bar!
4	Loved this restaurant...had a California vibe, in a desert locate.   Great staff, good menu & wine choices...an ambiance that made one want to linger...casually elegant.   If I lived in Scottsdale, not just visiting during a conference, I would be a regular.   Lucky diners who get to pop in regularly!
5	LOVE IT! LOVE IT! LOVE IT! We came here for the $35 Prixe Fixe menu that they are offering. GREAT DEAL: I started out with a shrimp cocktail (it is served spinning), followed by a filet mignon and finished up with their Peanut Butter cup.Everything was delicious. My filet was decent sized and grilled a perfect medium rare. My partner in crime had to substitute halibut for scallops since they were out of scallops. Apparently their seafood is flown in fresh daily and they send back anything that is not perfect. This is per our server Josh who was AWESOME!!!! I thought the halibut was going to suck but it didn't-it was AMAZING!We started our dinner off with some oysters-that are served with your choice of sauce: cocktail, horseradish or some french celery sauce. All three sauces were great and the horseradish was perfect-just enough of a kick but not enough to sear my eyes and nasal passages.For our sides we got mushrooms and fries with garlic, parmesan and truffle oil which were delicious.Everything about this place is great and I will definitely be back. The place reminds me of something you'd see at The Palazzo or The Wynn. The only thing I thought kind of sucked was that it opened up out to the mall. Not a deal breaker but that was a little off-putting.If you're the only other person in The Valley beside me who hasn't hit Modern Steak yet, do yourself a favor and check it out. And bring a date...it will impress. Ask for Josh too....he'll take great care of you and keep you entertained and be there for moral support if you have trouble swallowing oysters.
5	Update to previous review!!So we walk in and sit down and if anyone read my last review you know that I love this place.We ended up ordering some drinks, I of course ordered the Retail Therapy and the bf ordered a new drinks.. which I cannot remember the name but you'll know why in a minute.  Our server Ryan was a cool cat.  On top of it but not hovering... the best kind!!Bradley our last server saw us and came over and said hello and thanked us for our kind Yelp review and my letter to the Fox Restaurant Group.  We were excited to hear that he still loved it there and was hoping to move into the server traiining program.He noticed that Jeff wasn't drinking his drink and asked after us.  We told him it was because he didn't care for it much. It was leaving a weird after taste in his mouth.  Bradley whisked it away and said he was off to get us a drink menu.  The manager, Charles came over himself and brought us the menu.  We ordered a new drink and Charles again brought out Jeff's drink and said it was on him that evening.  Totally awesome and unnecessary but seriousy... This is top notch service!! This is one of the main reasons we love it here.  Even though Fox is a big restaurant group in the valley, you walk into one of their restaurants and they make you feel like you have been coming there for years and welcome you like family!As usual the food was freaking amazing! The onion rings are the bomb!Bradley even bought us dessert.  When it comes to Modern Steak, the question never is will we be back.. its always when will be back?
4	What a wonderful place to eat and celebrate a special occasion.  Excellent wait staff and beautiful decor, in addition to amazing food.
2	Ridiculous price for what you get. The 'wedge' is presented in 2 pieces, each an inch thick. Way too small for a steakhouse. My 20oz prime ribeye was bathed in butter. While it was a nice cut of meat, I have a butter coma. Way too much butter taste. For the money go across the street to Mastro's City Hall. You will walk out with one of the best meals of your life, and it won't cost much more.
4	I have been eyeing Modern Steak for a few years and finally made time to actually check it out. It is very sleek and nice inside and service was really good. They are also having a summer special pre-fix menu right now for $30- which I did glance over but i went for the traditional menu to check everything out since it was my first time. They have a lot of choices and a lot of unique dishes. We tried the artichoke app and popcorn shrimp to start and both were delicious. The artichoke was def my favorite of the two. It took me forever and a day to decide but ended up going with the salmon which was very good but now i have to go back for the spinach fettuccini which is what originally got my attention. Lova' got a humungo steak and said it was one of the best one's he has had in the Scottsdale area.  So, overall we both left full and happy and me slightly tipsy from their delicious "Jalisco" specialty drink they have..su-p-e-r-b drink combo !Good date night spot :)
5	This place rocks! I'm from Kansas City,Missouri, so I know a great steak when I taste one...this is the real deal, folks. I spent three nights in Scottsdale, and two of my meals were here...I was so impressed with the first visit I HAD to go back. It might be a litttle pricey, but cheap steak is not good. Savory, delicious filet. Chopped salad was heavenly. Bread was phenomenal. Oh, Modern Steak, why must you be so far away?
4	General rule of thumb: Go for the meat....and the baked potato bread.I've been here several times and I usually don't stray from beef. In fact, my most ordered item is the Kobe Burger. It's cooked so well and and fantastic leftovers (because you fill up on the bread). The braised short rib is also delicious. Succulent meat that just falls right off the bone. Tasty sauces and flavor. I usually don't mess around with the seafood because in my experience it's just been okay. And, for the price, I don't like to gamble with "okay."Nice dining experience and date place. They've got a huge bar that I need to check out. It's connected to Fashion Square but never feels like a mall restaurant. Parking outside is pretty terrible during popular night and weekend hours, but try the underground parking on the north side. I've never had trouble finding a spot. All in all - one of my favorites in the Fox Restaurant Concepts collection.
4	Just like the name this place is all about the finest cuts of meat served to perfection both in temperature and presentation! I usually don't eat to much red meat throughout the year but it was my birthday and I was in the mood for a great steak so we came to modern steak. The service was exceptional with the waiter always on top of the drinks and having answers to all our questions. If you want to go big they do have a steak on the menu that's over 100 bucks, that's right check it out! Overall a great experience and the food was awesome!
5	Great food, great atmosphere, great service, reasonable prices and the powdered donuts with raspberry jam are to die for. This was our first time dining here, and it was a very refreshing change from traditional steakhouse dining atmospheres. I almost forgot to mention that the "Steaks" are way too tender!!! (LOL), the steaks really are the most tender I have ever ate.
3	I had lunch here on Sunday, and to start with was a little disappointed that a restaurant named "Modern Steak" did not have any steak on the menu for lunch.  Our server was nice enough to let me know that I could order off the dinner menu when I mentioned it, but it should be there by default.The bread that was brought to our table was amazing, and the butter was nicely flavored and easy to spread. I ordered the Beef Carpaccio with shaved asparagus salad to start with.  The beef was good, but I thought there was too much salt from the cheese.  The shaved asparagus salad was extremely good.  I truly could have made an entire meal of just that.For my main meal I ordered the 10oz Filet and a side of fries from the dinner menu.  Again, there was just too much salt on the steak.The service was great and very attentive without being intrusive.I'll give this restaurant another try at some point for dinner, and hope that there is better seasoning then.
3	Everything was superb...except the steak. The steak was just OK and for forty bucks, I expect more than OK.
5	HAPPY HOUR!  I've been to Modern Steak 3 or 4 times for Happy Hour and have NEVER, EVER been disappointed. The Happy Hour menu and drinks are well selected. I've tried everything on their HH menu and loved each and every one. My favorites are definitely the Chinese Chicken Salad with 3 of the most wonderful, huge shrimp as a side dish. The service is superb and the staff friendly in a relaxing atmosphere. Happy Hour can turn into an evening of conversation and delight in finding such a treasure in the middle of business chaos and shopping. Well worth slipping out of the outside world into a little Modern Steak.
5	Loved it. Excellent service and amazing food! Best restaurant in Scottsdale!
5	Great place for dinner. Second time going and it is great when ordering smart. To save money me and my girlfriend always split the order and it works out. We always order the Lobster Chowder spilt, fills you up, and then we had the 8oz spilt. The steak was great! I am happy to say instead of leaving there with overpriced boxed up food, all we took home were some leftover fries. The atmosphere is amazing, and it is up there on our favorite restaurants. Of course after dinner we went to Sprinkles, and that is a review on its own.
4	I sure didn't feel like I was dining in a shopping center even tho' it was in the tony Scottsdale Fashion Square. The decor is so beautiful . . . maybe a little over the top for its location.  We were practically the only people in the restaurant except another couple with a screaming toddler.Service was excellent, and I feel that even if the restaurant was packed to the gills, service would still have been attentive and spot on.  The food was delicious. I ordered the Modern Club Sandwich with Turkey, Smoked Ham, Bacon, and Havarti. You're probably thinking . . . how could anyone mess up a club sandwich . . . well, they can, but this wasn't the case. The bread was toasted perfectly, accompanied by fresh lettuce, and the sandwich was not overdressed.  Not a soggy bite in the bunch . . . the makings of a really fine club.  My dining partner had the Kobe burger and he was loving every juicy bite!  The french fries came out crispy and yummy.It had been quite some time since we dined at Modern Steak (it was just after it opened). That time, we had a beautiful meal, too, which makes me wonder why we hadn't been back in so long. It's got to be something about the location . . . in a mall. Yeah, that's it . . . I remember now . . . a little pricey meal in beautiful surroundings becomes a shop til you drop adventure!!
5	Great food, great service, great atmosphere!  Best Steak in Scottsdale!
1	I held a business meeting in the private room  with eight people for dinner.  The quantity of food you get for the price you are paying is poor.  The steak ordered was cooked perfectly, however it was not seasoned at all and had no flavor.  They served the side dishes family style.  The waitor placed two servings, 1/2 cup each of mushrooms, and two servings 1/2 cup each of mashed potatoes for eight people!  Everyone took a small spoonful for a serving and it was gone.  Dessert servings we even smaller.  Then for a surprise the bill comes and they charge 21% for gratuity and $300 to use the room.  I spoke with the manager and she said that was in the small print of the contract.  My company has a person that sets up meetings for us and I would not have used this location if I had known that 45% of my total bill would have gone to the gratuity and room fee!  The restaurant was empty but the bar was 75% full.  I would strongly recommend not to eat here!
2	We had great service (4 in our party), but the food was terrible - some of the worst. It all started with a dozen raw oysters that had a "smelly fish" odor and tasted worse then they smelled. Each of us went for the $67 Waygu Rib Eye - and the quality of the meat was worse than an Outback sirloin. We were shocked. Also, the Roasted Mushrooms were so over salted they were inedible. The Creamed Corn and the Crispy Fingerling Potatoes were "meh" at best. The only redeaming thing about this meal at Modern Steak was our server, Josh. AVOID AT ALL COSTS!
4	Went to Modern Steak for a dinner with colleagues and spouses.  It had been a few years since I've been here.  I actually worked for Sam Fox when he first started City Grill in Tucson years ago.  He had high standards then and still does now.   I enjoyed the food.  Service was average (nothing amazing and no complaints).  Place was dead for a Wed night.   I had the lobster chowder to start.  It was alright.  Didn't really taste the lobster.  Dinner was a bacon burger medium rare.  That was delicious!   Dessert was WARM mini donuts with raspberry dipping sauce - best part of the night
5	Excellent food, had oysters for appetizer and Chilean seabass for main course. Didn't expect the food to be this good.  The ambience was also enjoyable and the service was pretty good.  I would recommend this place if you are in the Phoenix area for dinner.
5	WOW.....sometimes a steak is a steak, but not here!  The description of the short ribs had me at "salsify" and Gruyere fondue.  What an awesome meal.  I was hesitant not to order a simple steak,  but with the help of our awesomely attentive and friendly waiter, chose the short ribs.  Melt. In. Your. Mouth. Good. I almost glossed over this as dining in a mall isn't my favorite thing to do, but here...you'd never even know the mall existed.  The decor is delightful...felt like I was in Paris or somewhere equally dining elegant.It wasn't busy, which allowed us to chat with the server.  He made great recommendations and took time to really help us make good choices. Fox Restaurant Concepts knows how to serve it up, honor the customer, and run a great place!
1	The Ribeye I received  was undercooked and a low quality thin cut. The service was marginal at best. We ordered dessert to go and they failed to bring it to us so we sat there waiting. After we asked we watched as they put the Bread Pudding in the oven. No one on the staff came over to tell us what was going on but since the kitchen is in plain sight we just asked them to take it off the bill. It was not busy at all, and this could have been an off night, but that is why the manager of a restaurant and its staff need to be on there A game always.My wife and I don't have time for shady people. Too many other restaurants to try around Scottsdale to get me back here!
5	Came here for a post-lunch/pre-dinner after a shopping spree at the mall. The only disappointing thing about this restaurant is that it is attached to the mall. It is such a gorgeous restaurant and decorated so nicely!We sat on the patio and had the most kind/funny/sweet server. He was so on-top of it, it was shocking! He deserved the big tip we left him :)We ordered oysters ($2.50 each), we split the Chopped Salad (Avocado, Crisp Vegetables, Parmesan,Champagne Vinaigrette $11) - he put it in 2 seperate bowls and the portion was huge! We got the Cheesy broccoli with aged vermont cheddar, serves 2 for $9, soooo good. And my bf got the Lobster Chowder "New England Style", Root Vegetables, Bacon $11, he said it was delicous!We actually saw a lot of people order the kobe foot long hot dog and my bf wants to try that next time! I also appreciated how the servers would tell you which bread had meat (bacon i think?) in it even thought I don't think I told them I was a vegetarian! The other bread was super tastey...just a great place! The atmosphere was gorgeous too! Def return!
2	Not good.Terrible service.Marginal food for the price.
4	Service was nice as we ordered take out. The gentleman who took or order behind the bar was friendly and helpful. My headband made the pick up and the food was  fresh and ready not just sitting under heat lamps waiting. The gold potato puree was amazing; so flavorful. The streaks all I can say is wow. Tender and cooked perfectly.
4	Honestly can't say this was the best steak I've ever had but overall pretty decent... We had butter poached king crab with black truffles as a starter. herb crusted and wagyu ribeyes.. truth be told, the wagyu was a little disappointing. I've had real japanese wagyu at cut wolfgangpuck beverly hills and the one at mordern steak isn't nearly as good but its probably 1/2 the price too..The ambiance is what makes this place extra special. the decor is modern and clean... I love the open kitchen and the floor to ceiling wine cellar is truly a stunner. overall romantic and and pleasantly surprised by it.The staff is attentive and not overbearing.service- 5ambiance- 5food- 3*butter poached king crab with black truffles was artery clogging i'm going to need a bypass surgery good..*herb crusted ribeye was ok*wagyu ribeye was ok*the dessert, which was fresh donuts were meehhhoverall 4~
5	The steak was the best I have ever had. Cooked and seasoned perferctly. Service was great and it's a beautiful restaurant.
5	This restaurant is so "pretty."  Reminds me of Vegas restaurants...My boyfriend and I came here for happy hour a couple of times (3-6:30 PM) and we loved it!!  We ordered:-Parmesan fries w/ aioli-$2, large portion, tastes so good and seasoning is on point. Sauce complements the fries great.-Roast beef slider -$2/each, best of the picks for Happy hour, so good and the horseradish is amazing.  Meat was soft and the sweet bread was perfect.-Curry soup - $2/bowl, this was amazing!! We shared this the first time and wanted it again our second visit, but the soup changed.  But the flavors meshed well and tasted like curry in a soup form.  All happy hour food items and drinks were $5 or less, a bargain!!  Wines include reds, whites, and bubbly.  They also have liquor such as Skyy vodka, Cruzan rum, Jim Beam bourbon.Chairs in the patio are red with marble white table tops.  A beautiful design in the ceiling cut out in the patio frames the very hip and trendy outdoor area.  Inside, they have cushioned orange seats and glass, glass, glass everywhere.  It was like I stepped into a design from Architectural Digest.  This restaurant is gorgeous and a great place to have happy hour in Scottsdale.Definitely a must try in my book!
4	What a gem! Who would have thought such a chic, hip and fun restaurant would be located at the mall?! Certainly not me!Lets just say my expectations were far exceeded by this spot. Our bartender was fabulous, made strong drinks and the food was amazeballs. Definitely watch out for the Parmesan fries....they are addicting!
4	Great place for drinks and happy hour.
5	One of the best meals I've ever had.
2	We had dined earlier in the week at Scottsdale's Olive and Ivy another Fox Group restaurant and had a very enjoyable experience with the service, the staff and the meal.We decided to try another Fox Group -The decor was very attractive and inviting, however, the staff garbbed in blue plaid long sleeve shirts were not in keeping with the setting.The service was attentive, but from there, it is down hill. The wedge salad notes blue cheese, but is served with a ranch dressing? The prime rib dip sandwich was very fatty, the french fries appeared to have been prepared in advance and reheated, or frozen and heated. The turkey burger was very salty, to the point that my lips were burning.In addition, the manger? was seated in a table immediately adjacent to our table and had a variety of visitors during the meal.  Not making for a pleasant experience..Olive and Ivy YES! - Modern Steak -NO!!!
3	Service 2 starsFood 4 starsCame here to celebrate an early Valentine's Day. My plum ginger cocktail was exceptional, we visited 4 other lounges this night and it was my favorite cocktail by far. They ran out of the short rib and BREAD. We asked a few times and finally saw it come out to other tables. It's the principle here. At least dessert was on the house.
2	If you think this is a 5 stars restaurant, then you must also think Denny's deserves 4 stars.After working a long day, I was looking forward to a good dinner.  I was excited to try this place out.  It was down right disappointing.  Being that I came straight from working 13 hours without lunch and I came in jeans (not designer jeans) and another coworker came in a t-shirt.  I supposed they thought didn't know how to enjoy a nice place because we didn't look like the rest of the clienteles trying to impress their dates.  The restaurant was less than half full, but they were not that attentive to our party.Let's get to the food.  3 out of the 4 ordered prime rib since it was on the menu.  20 minutes later, the server came and said that there were only 1 prime rib left and something about them only selling 8 per night.  Which sounds really odd to me.  If there is a limited quantity, then they should state that on the menu.  I took the last prime rib since I picked the place and I was the first one to say I wanted it.  30 minutes later, the server came back and apologized that there isn't any prime rib left at all.  At this point, I am just hungry and just wanted some food since I had skipped lunch.  I ordered the filet medium rare.  The filet came out medium well.  I had to cut all the all the edges off to be able to chew that piece of meat.  They should have just served the steak and called it "steak flavour salt".  All I could taste was the salt.  It totally destroyed any natural flavour of the steak.  I wonder if someone played a trick on the cook and unscrewed the top of the salt shaker.Let's move on to the sides.  Everything comes a la carte.  The mac 'n cheese is nothing to rave about.  The asparagus and parmesan cheese was edible.When the bill came out, I was charged for a filet and prime rib that never came.  I had to flag the waiter down to get it removed which took another 15 minutes before anyone would look our way.The summary:1) The clienteles are the usual Scottsdale people trying way too hard to be cool, but you are still in Arizona.2) Food doesn't live up the prices.3) The service is sub-par.  Do not judge the guests by the way we are dressed.  I may look sloppy, but I am a very good tipper.4) It is at a shopping mall.Fortunately, I didn't have to pay for it myself.
4	Oh its good. Hipster servers (yep you're hipsters. don't lie to yourself) & elegant atmosphere make for a good evening. Just go. You'll love it.
4	Excellent steaks in a modern upscale atmosphere. Don't let it turn you off that it's located in a mall - it has it's own entrance from the parking lot. They have several different seating types from lounge couches to a full bar. Great spot for a group.
4	Had valentines dinner at Modern Steak with my girlfriend. We had a blast, and loved the "modern" decor. Drinks were interesting and very good. Steak was great and cooked exactly how we ordered them (special order). Service was very good. If you are looking for a fun/unique steakhouse in Scottsdale, without being overly expensive, I'd highly recommend this place.4.5 stars. Only reason that I didn't give em 5 stars is because I went to Mastros a few days later and that's truly an exceptional 5 star experience.
4	We made a reservation at 7:45 on a sat night and was seated within a few minutes. The interior is nice and modern. They start you off with biscuits with bacon pieces that were very tasty. We ordered the seabass and prime rib dip. The food overall was good. The service was good. Would recommend coming here for dinner. Overall it was a good experience.
4	Met some friends here for lunch.  The decor was very unique, but comfortable.  The food was terrific.Overall, a really nice meal.
4	I went here last night for a nice Sunday dinner with my boyfriend, and it was great! The place wasn't packed but it was nice outside, so we opted for the patio. Great choice! The fireplace served as a nice background and the couch-style seating was incredibly comfortable. It was quiet, romantic and private. The food was great too! It came quickly (after some delicious bacon-chedder bread), and the portions were large.To be short and sweet - it's worth the money IF you're looking to spend a pretty penny on a nice evening out. The prices are up there, but the quality does match the dollar amount. I'll be back!
5	Modern Steak has a new Happy Hour menu, but some of the old great HH items are still on the new menu. Have no fear . . . all is still Happy at Modern Steak. P.S. Had a great server named "Rachel" on our last visit. On the patio. A table of 10, who all ordered multiple items and multiple drinks and wanted separate checks and Rachel did not miss a beat or mix anything up  . . . . and most importantly, she did it with a sweet smile.  Great server!  I hope we tipped her well?
5	I LOVE MODERN STEAK! The decor is incredible, service is great and for how great the food is--its surprisingly pretty reasonably priced! I would compare the food as good as the food at mastros, dominicks, ruth chris, etc. But the atmosphere and vibe is a bit more casual. I HIGHLY recommend this place!
3	Really on the fence on this one.I'm pretty sure they've dumbed down, and by default, are using cheaper ingredients from the last time I went here.  In any event what ever changes they've made (I didn't recommend any of the wait or management staff) here are not for the better.Something happened here...but its not good.
4	We came here for part of a bachelorette party. The menu was pre planned which was smart for a huge group. We had salads to start with the loaded potato bread - I think that's what it was called. Both were delicious and a great start. We then had the chicken and the salmon. Those were fantastic as well. They were fairly quick serving despite having a busy restaurant. Our server was nice and quirky and made us all laugh. I think my only complaint would be the portion size - it seemed a bit small per person and I was left a little hungry.
5	I love this restaurant. My favorite is the Shrimp Louie salad. It is so tasty and fresh. I love the decor and the service is always excellent.  I can't wait to return!
5	This is a terrific restaurant concept. Enjoy high end furnishings and design, and select from a menu prepared with people on the go in mind,  The posh ambiance is offset by a walk up window where burgers can be ordered for $5, fries $3.50, and soda for $2.25.
5	One of the best! our service was impecable, food was wonderful and the rolls are to die for! I especially love the decor!!!
5	Loved this place!I went for lunch after my graduation.  We went for a very late lunch so it was dead, which was fine with me.  We had a great server, who was accomodating and friendly.  The mac and cheese was SO GOOD, definitely get that if you go.  We also had the grilled artichokes.. very yummy.Everyone's lunch was good, and I thought was really reasonably priced for 5 people (3 ordered the kobe burgers, a bottle of champagne, and two appetizers) when the total came out to $115 bucks.They also provided a free celebration dessert, which was such a nice personal touch.Food = yummy, decor = adorable, service = excellent.
5	My favorite restaurant ever. I actually love all the restaurants Fox Restaurants Concepts offer.
3	Went there yesterday for dinner.  Being a Monday, I thought we would get good service and hopefully not too busy.  The place is very beautifully set up with nice colors and open air feel.  The hostess was nice and friendly and gave us a great table (well, they were all open but I had made reservations).  We started with two glasses of bubbly and looked over the menu.  I had seen their seafood tower ($40) and wanted to try it.  My friend got the filet. We ordered two more glasses; I stuck with my Spanish sparkling and my friend got a Chianti.  My tower had three shrimp, three oysters, three crab legs and half a small lobster with some hot house Cucumber slices and lemon wedges.  three different type of sauces all severed over ice in a bowl.  I was hoping more of a tower not a bowl filled with ice but what are you gonna do, I am new to this town so maybe this is how towers look like here.  First of all, the oysters were described as from Victoria in Canada.  They were not.  I have spent many years travelling to Vancouver and these were not from there.  But they were excellent regardless.  The shrimp and crabs were equally good and well seasoned.  You could tell they boiled them in the shell and then chilled and cleaned them as they retained all the flavor and no watery issues here.  The lobster was ok.  A little over cooked and rubbery.  The steak was done to order and tasted great.  So you ask why only 3 stars?  Well, if I am paying $150 for the above meal, I expected a bit more.  Yes, that cost $150.  For starters, the steak just came a la cart which is fine but would it kill you to add a garnish to the plate?  We eat with our eyes too.  The wait staff should avoid trying to be fashionable.  He had a checkered colored shirt on which looked wrinkled and terrible.  I would have loved to see him in the same shirt but in a solid color and maybe stand up straight.  If you don't know about the food or wine, please don't make things up.  Table cloths would have added much to my experience.  In my opinion, if the business charges at a certain level for regular level food, then they should amp up on the same level of ambiance or dare I say "flare".  I did not feel I had a good value over all.  The food was fine and the service was friendly but the presentation and quality did not meet the value mark.  I will prob. skip it next time.  By the way we skipped desert and went to another place, but that will be another review.
3	Not my fav fox concept restaurant. First time I felt like I paid more than it was worth, though the patio area is beautiful.
4	Me and my hubby went to restaurant together, because we were attracted by the beautiful decoration. The steak I ordered was delicious, but my husband didn't quiet enjoy his burger.  Same taste as the normal " non fancy" restaurant, but overpriced a bit.
5	YeeGads! I just learned that Modern Steak CLOSED its doors as of today, May 25, 2013! How could that be? It is a day of mourning for sure.  There always seemed to be plenty of folks anxious to spend a little quality time with a chopped salad, or some of their other tasty menu items. I hope some of the menu items will be transferred to one of their other locations. Please.We will miss some of the excellent staff at Modern Steak. They were the best. Bummer. Bummer, Bummer.
5	Modern Steak closed. :( Total sad face. How can this be? I totally loved this place.
5	loved the roast beef nothing like it, it was the best.
