5	Chic atmosphere friendly staff in a beautiful location.
5	I absolutely love the beautiful decor here at this salon and spa, it is very well put together. When i first walked into the salon, I was pleasantly surprised that the staff was super friendly. I really enjoyed my whole spa experience here and can't wait to come back to get another treatment. The staff was both professional and personable. I definately recommend this salon to everyone!! Tivoli Vllage is beautiful but Ritual in itself is gorgeous.
5	This is a beautiful spa/salon, very relaxing and modern feel and extremely up to date, not to mention the prices are very reasonable for a salon/spa of this calibur. But what's even better is the service you will receive. I have very difficult hair and have gone through more than my share of hairdresser's but Audra Bailey is the best by far. She is not only extremely nice, caring, makes you feel comfortable, and listens to what YOU want, she will also help you make decisions, and she does the most fantastic job. When she washes your hair, she provides the greatest scalp massage ever (I'd pay for just that and its included in hair services), and she does a fantastic job with cuts, colors, blowdrying (I have very thick and also short hair and she does a terrific job!)... I wouldn't trust my hair with anyone else!
4	I am glad they opened a west side location!  Unfortunately my "hair guy" only works at the Henderson store, but this new location offers all the great services and amenities the original does.  All, highly qualified, skilled technicians doing what they do in a posh, modern atmosphere, well appointed and convenient.  Give them a look!
5	We had a great pedicure experience here. For just a little more then what anyy cheap nailery would charge you can get a pedi that is miles above. Our technicians, Janessa and Stephanie, were friendly and took their time. The facility is beautifully decorated and you totally feel pampered. Great value and will definitely return.
5	Yelp hasn't let me down yet....I was in  from out of town and decided to get my hair and nails done.... The receptionist was very friendly and worked me in that day for a pedi and Audra came in early the next day to do my hair so I could keep on my vacation schedule!!! So  If you are ever in Vegas and you are looking for a great relaxing ice cream pedicure go see Janessa at Ritual:) AND for the most relaxing color and cut Audra is AMAZING! She made me feel comfortable.... So comfortable I almost fell asleep!! Her head message was incredible! She listened and produced exactally what I wanted!!!  I wish I lived in Vegas just so I could come back again!!! You can't go wrong with Janessa and Audra at Ritual!!!!!
2	I was really disappointed in the service. I love the Eastern location and was hoping to enjoy the same quality at the rampart location...but no. The bamboo massage was great, but the girl who did my nails did not know what she was doing. She had to keep asking what to do next and continually made mistakes. She asked me at least five times which layer she did last on which hand. She kept accidentally wiping the polish off and having to redo it. She was a very sweet girl, but I expected someone who knew how to apply shellac nails. Also, the lady at the front ignored us when we arrived. No one told us when to move from the spa to the salon. When I went to ask someone what I should do next I found the receptionist eating behind the counter. I will NOT be returning.
5	Went on a Groupon for an 80 minute Hot Stone Massage. What a wonderful Spa!The staff was wonderful, the experience was excellent, and I can't say near enough nice things about my time at Ritual! I'll absolutely be going back!
4	Went for the groupon hot stone massage and added on a sugar scrub treatment. The place was wonderful: very clean, very friendly staff, and the room temperature was perfect, not too hot or not too cool. The only thing that kept this from being five stars was the added on treatment was incorporated into the 80 minute massage not as a separate treatment time.S
5	I've had a regular massage person come to my house forever, but that's in NJ.  I never had one in Vegas until the other day.  Hubby gave me a Groupon for Valentine's Day for a Hot Stone Massage, and off I flew.It was a fabulous experience from beginning to end.  The desk staff was welcoming, the ambience elegant and relaxing, and the massage I had from Patricia was to die for!  It was my first hot stone massage, and Patricia was an expert.  I absolutely loved it, came home and told my husband he created a monster - he would have gotten off cheaper if he'd gotten me jewelry, because that's a one-shot deal.  This Groupon was the gift that will keep on giving.  I will definitely be going back!I also loved the shower, since I didn't have to squeegee glass doors the way I have to at home!!
5	Like other yelpers, my first visit here was through a Groupon deal.  I was very surprised at how pleasant the staff is for an "upscale" spa.  My Groupon was for an 80 minute hot stone massage and the whole experience was top notch, from the plush robe in the change room to my very friendly masseuse, Kim.  I felt like a wet noodle after Kim was done with me.  :)  The interior was immaculate and the whole ambience was very serene, as a spa should be.
1	Nice girl but my entire French manicure has all chipped and it hasn't even been 24 hours!  Definitely not worth the 45$ manicure plus 15$ tip!
1	I went there for a scheduled 80-minute hot stone massage and a 50-minute facial.  I received a 70-minute deep tissue massage and a 40-minute facial.  On top of everything, I was charged an additional $15 for the "upgrade" to the deep tissue massage when I checked-out.  That was especially weird, because I even told the massage therapist before he started that I was excited to get a hot stone massage because I hadn't gotten one in a while.  (And what place charges more for a deep tissue massage instead of a hot stone massage?!)  Regardless, they shorted me time on both services, because services are scheduled for 90 and 60 minutes, and then cut to the 80 and 50 actual times of services.  But at Ritual, they don't even do those times.  This place is bad.  Save your money.
2	All I wanted was a quiet spa day.PROS: good location, polite staff, good cucumber lemon water, attractive, stylish main salon floor.CONS:  noisy. Also, noisy. And sometimes, it's noisy. Especially when it's noisy.I usually go to a strip-mall type nail salon for my mani/pedis, but I needed a special treat, so I took a Friday off work and booked myself their best "spa pedicure" (50 minute "Ice Cream Pedicure"), their best manicure (their 50-minute signature manicure) and a brow shaping.When I got to my appt, I checked in with a nice quiet guy at the front desk who offered me some cucumber lemon water and directed me to the loo. All good so far.When I got back to the lobby, despite being 10 minutes early, I sat for 10 minutes past my appt time until finally a woman came over and asked me if I needed to check in. It became apparent that no one had told my esthetician that I was there.My esthetician was professional and kind, but very fast. My brows looked alright, she did a fine clean-up, but the shape lacked and she left them a little "natural" for my taste (I prefer a tiny bit more of a classic vintage arch, which I did express to her before she began.)(Note: the room itself would've been a quiet, spa-like experience, however the halls in the spa area are high traffic, so you can hear every woman's heels and people talking loudly and whistling during your service.)When my brow appt was over, she took me to a back room of the salon, not the spa, which consisted of a handful of shampoo bowls, two mani stations and a nook with 2 pedicure "thrones".  They're not massage chairs, if that's what you're looking for.  They're comfortable enough, but not that relaxing.The esthetician sat me down in a dryer chair and told me to wait. So I did... while a manicurist talked loudly on her cell phone nearby. The esthetician didn't introduce me to her, so I wasn't aware she was my manicurist until 7 minutes later when she finally finished her call, walked PAST me all the way to the front of the salon and found out I was her client.I was really disappointed. All I wanted was a quiet, spa pedicure, a mini-spa day, a treat just for me. I wanted a REAL spa pedicure, not like the "spa pedi" you get in the strip mall nail salon.  Since I was IN A SPA, I thought that was what I was getting. The woman who booked my appt assured me "once I have one of those pedicures, you won't ever want anything else". I beg to differ.First, my manicurist talked non-stop to the manicurist next to her. Neither of them shut up for entire time I was back there. I heard about The Voice, Angry Birds, karaoke, someone's alleged Korean mafia boyfriend...  They couldn't stop talking with the client next to me who ALSO wouldn't get off her cell phone.  And no one was using their inside voices, if you know what I mean.Add to that the endless train of stylists traipsing their clients back there for shampoos who talked from the moment they entered the room until they left. Every time someone took a towel out of a cabinet, they slammed the doors. And let's not forget the club music they were playing.Where was my "spa" pedicure?! This is a SPA, so I expected a tranquil, spa-like experience. When I've gone to other spas for a pedicure, it's treated as a spa service. For spa prices, I expect spa treatment.I didn't chit chat much with the ladies, though they tried to engage me, hoping they'd get the hint that I just wanted to relax, but no... she didn't get the hint until she asked me "So what do you have planned for the day?" and I replied, "A quiet spa day."I did soften and chat with her more during the manicure (I just gave up) and she was very sweet, so it's not personal, but I did voice to her that I thought the pedicure areas should be more secluded and peaceful.  She told me to fill out a comment card.The results? I left tense and disappointed and my pedicure was just ok. I could've gotten all three services, perhaps even a bit better, in my usual strip-mall nail salon for half the price, but she did a fine job. The manicure was more like 30 minutes, not the promised 50, and while she did do the scrub and the hot towels, she forgot the massage (unless she did it and it was so brief I didn't notice).The lighting is terrible in that room -- all the red/orange/pink polishes look the same -- so instead of a hot pink, I actually ended up with bright orange neon toes once I got outside. UGH. My feet could land a plane.The main salon floor was stylish and hip, but I think the "spa" portion could really use a dose of tranquility.  I mentioned nicely to the check-out receptionist that I wasn't 100% happy and was told again to 'fill out a comment card'. To add insult to injury, I accidentally overtipped by $20. Sigh.I'm not saying don't go -- clearly some people like this place a lot -- just bring earplugs.
1	I called and left a message at their Summerlin location, as well as emailed their website, per the instructions by the receptionist at the time of my service. I've received no response. That kills it for me.
5	I honestly probably would have never tried this place unless it was for Groupon.  I could hardly find it once I got into Tivioli Village.   But what a find!  I had a wonderful hot stone massage from Johnathan that was absolutely wonderful!  I generally go to massage therapist in a clinical setting so this was a nice change of pace for me.  Everyone was very cordial and friendly and my massage was perfect.  I will definitely use this place again when I need a massage.  They have found a repeat customer in me.
1	HORRIBLE SERVICE! RIP OFF! MANIPULATIVE COMPANY!I went to Rituals Salon on Rampart Blvd for a hot stone massage and 50 min facial that was offered on groupon for $95. I asked for exactly what was on the groupon offer as the receptionist accepted the groupon upon arrival. The total time for my services took 2.5 hrs which was fine. Two and a half hours after my massages I went back up to the front to check out and provide the gratuity. The same receptionist asked me immediately,  "How would you like to pay for this?" I looked at her confused and asked her for what? "I had a groupon that paid for my services." She then told me the groupon was ineffective and already used after the fact I just spent 2.5 hrs in the salon. She had never came in to tell me there were errors or anything and asked me to pay full price of $280. First of all, I got tricked to using a bad groupon which they never verified, secondly the receptionist should have verified at the beginning of my services about the groupon. Then she told me if I wouldve gone to any other salon, they wouldve charged me no matter what!! Such an unprofessional, unknowledgable, rude, un service oriented receptionist!! I then bought a facial creme from the salon before I left and after I made the purchase, realized it had sunflower oil which I cannot consume so I called in to see if I can return unopened products! They confirmed that I can return within 7 days both times I called. I then went back the next day to return, same lady working there again and I asked her for a return on my purchase. She nodded her head and she wrote me a gift certificate for $45 and handed it to me without even asking me would like to purchase anything else, or why Im returning, etc...like a normal service oriented customer rep would do. She handed me the certificate and I asked where is my return on my purchase? She said there is no returns, its credit on gift certificates. I was never told or nowhere on reciepts that returns are not allowed. TOTAL COMPLETE LIE AND SCAM!! Then I asked her why $45 when my purchase on my product was $64. She didnt know and she wrote me another certificate for $64. I work in the entertaiment industry for such companies as cirque so'leil, madison squarre garden, broadway shows, Film and Television and I WILL NOT REFER PEOPLE I KNOW TO THIS COMPANY. I refer to onlu high quality service, product, samrt, articualte and friendly companies. Anyway, IF YOU WANT TO HAVE A SUCCESSFUL COMPANY, YOU MUST HAVE DETAILED, FRIENDLY, ARTICULATE, PROFESSIONALLY TRAINED CUSTOMER SERVICE, QUALITY CARE WHEN DEALING WITH CUSTOMER SITUATIONS, CARE AND SERVICES. PLEASE CONSIDER BECOMING BETTER IN ALL DIFFERENT WAYS! PEOPLE ARE WHAT MAKES THE DIFFERENCE IN A SUCCESSFUL COMPANY! THANK YOU AND GOD BLESS.
4	I went to Rituals today to use my Groupon. It was for all over color, haircut, deep conditioning and blowout. When I called to make the appt the receptionist was very nice and was able to schedule me to come in within a few days. My stylist was Ericka and she was wonderful. She took time to find out what I'd like to have done. She also gave suggestions when I asked for them and together we kind of figured out what kind of color and cut I wanted. My hair looks happy and healthy. They took the Groupon without issue and it was totally a great deal. She even gave me some suggestions on ways to style my new cut. I'll definitely go back (hopefully they'll offer more Groupons!)
4	Great Salon in charming Tivoli Village for a great quality haircut at $60 a pop. Being a recent transplant from Chicago, I have learned that most salons here "rent" their chairs out which is the same with Ritual, but they have several full time stylists that actually work for the salon whom they give first dibs and who I've got. I've found that other salons who do this that I have been to have no quality control: timeliness, text and answering phones in the middle of a haircut, etc. This doesn't seem to happen at Ritual. Very well run. I like a precision bob and Samantha made the mark! My mom got her cut by Gabby who did the same, listening to her intently and giving her exactly what she asked for, a rocking short haircut with style. Have not tried the other services...seem a bit over-priced for compared to the same services elsewhere. But the cut is definitely worth it!
5	Awesome salon...relaxing, fresh, polite and friendly staff.  Erika was my stylist and she did an outstanding job.  It had been a while since my last cut and she took her time to make sure everything was right.  She was attentive, engaging, friendly, just the right amount.  I will definitely  return!
5	I still love my hair :) Such a cute salon with great music selection! Gabby took the time to listen to me and I walked out with exactly what I wanted!!!
5	Amazing facial by Christina!! Def 5 star service. Can't wait to return!! Thank you Ritual Spa :)
5	From my salon experience ranging from NY to Alaska, Ive seen the best and the worst and Ritual is pretty onpoint. The only bad experience I had was waiting about 1 minute for the front desk receptionist to realize I was there while she was chatting around the corner. But other than that..I get my eyebrows done by Christina who is so nice and really great at what she does. I have horribly fine hair and I am really picky with cut/color and i recently had the ombre done by Audra who is amazing. She is so sweet and did such a great job. I would definitely recommend her to anyone for color. She did a little layer trimming which is pretty basic so i didn't experience her work with that, but she is the one to see for color for sure. Such a great experience. I love Ritual in Tivoli!
4	Have to say ,great place. Nice and very professional. Walked in to ask few questions about what they had to offer also to get some prices. Gail at the front desk was very helpful and had every answer i needed. She is a pretty lady with a great attitude , while knowing her stuff , need more ladys like her !
5	Purchased a groupon to try out a closer salon to my house. I have been to Trivoli Village in Summerlin before lots of shopping, food upscale coffee shops etc. I was able to get an appointment with no hassle met with Brooke my hair stylist very nice girl that has a sense for style and overall good customer service. I did not get the hair cut just the hair dye. I was in and out within 2 hours ( Perfect ) Hair looked good gave me a few pointers on styles place looked clean people are professional no waiting no stress calm relaxed atmosphere. I give this place a 5 star. Not to sure on the prices a bit off my budget but after the last hair cut and dye job I had I may just half to stick with Ritual salon cause you get what you pay for and this place does it right. FYI parking is scarce you cant pull right up to the building you want to go into as its in a village but the salon is not that far from the main entrance its directly in front of you when you walk in. Best to go during a week day.
4	My hairdresser started renting a space here a few months ago. The salon itself seems clean and it's beautiful. Her name is Melissa Platt and I recommend her to anyone.
5	I was recommended Ritual by a coworker. I love that it is at Tivoli Village- I went for a facial which was wonderful. I was given a locker and I changed into a robe. I waited in a quiet room until my esthetician was ready. I loved the cool, hip, and modern decor of the spa. The receptionist was very sweet and friendly. I will definitely be back for more services.
4	Annually for my birthday my husband books me a massage. This year I snagged a deal on Travelzoo, The 80-minute Signature Massage for $59 which is regularly $130. When I arrived for my appointment I was warmly welcomed and led back to the locker room. It was clean and well maintained. I was given a robe to change into and instructed to meet my massage therapist in the dim quiet waiting room. At first I was disappointed that there were no magazines to flip through while I waited but I quickly realized that there was no need my therapist appeared promptly after introductions she brought me to the my room and my massage commenced. The room is dim and warm with music playing in the background. It was very relaxing. I appreciated that my therapist didn't feel the need to chit chat. I like my time in heaven to be relaxed and peaceful. It was a great experience.
1	I am relatively new to Las Vegas. A friend of mine suggested Ritual. I signed up to receive a $20 off coupon as a new client. Conveniently their hair cuts are priced at $60 and the coupon is only on services $65+. I called and asked if they could honor the coupon and their suggestion was to add a $35 deep conditioner. Really? You can't charge me $5 more for a haircut so I can take advantage of the coupon? Clearly you do not want new business. I will not be using Ritual.
4	I redeemed my Travelzooo voucher for an 80 minute massage. My masseuse was Erin -- who was fabulous! I told her about some knee pain from running and she gave it extra attention by rubbing hot stones. I will definitely come back and see her. As for the facilities, I love that its in Tivoli Village so I can shop or grab food/drinks afterwards. My only complaint is that the waiting room had no water, tea or magazines. Luckily I only waited 2 minutes in there. The front desk staff was very friendly and welcoming. Thank you!!
1	This was my 3rd massage at Ritual in Summerlin over the last 12 months. My first visit/massage was sub par, my second visit/massage was good definitely made me think, huh, this place was worth a second try. This third visit/massage was the worse and yes, very likely my last visit, regardless of what deal or Groupon lands in my inbox!Checkin was good, my massage type was placed on the tag that would be given to my therapist and hung on the room door. My massage was scheduled for 2:30 pm and was called by my therapist at 2:30, name intros, and shown to my room. Stephanie, my therapist, told me she would step out so I could lay face down on bed. I pulled the top sheet and blanket and started to get comfy on the head cradle but the bottom sheet was wet at my clavicle/chest bones. Stephanie came back in and she told me I pulled an extra sheet and that was just moisture from the neck towel from previous client. She said don't worry it's nothing dirty or gross. Really?, that may be her opinion but, shouldn't the spa be required to change all sheets from previous clients? So, it is now 2:35. Massage was to be a 50 minute pink Himalayan stone massage. We started on my back, traps, shoulders, back of legs, etc., 15+ mins later she asked that I turn over. It was at that point that I asked at what point will the hot stones be integrated into the massage? She said she didn't realize that I had a hot stone massage, she just saw 50 min on the tag. She slightly apologized and I said it was OK, assuming, some how, it was going to be "made right", I mean, that is a reasonable expectation, it was about 2:55, there was still time to salvage this mistake. Bottom line she did not do well, and the entire massage started to go down hill. I think she awoke from the "auto pilot" she was on and the way she tried to compensate was not working. She used the stones on my shins, hmmm, I'm open minded but that seemed a weird place to start to use the stones. The remaining massage just did not work and wasn't right. She incorporated the stones again when she got to my neck, and at the very end of massage she told me to sit up and she rub the stones on my back, again, it just didn't worked wasn't quite right.She indicated the massage was over and it was 3:20. So, after all that I was shorted time about 5 minutes. A 50 minute massage is a "hands on" therapy/relaxation that's 50 minutes. The remaining 10 minutes is for therapy room turnover and intros, de robing and robing of the client. Therapists should  not short the client's massage/hands on time!I mentioned my experience to the reception desk at check out. But, an apology for therapist not looking at the tag is all that I got. Oh, besides that she did try to sell me treatments at discounted prices called the "re buy " program. The prices were low/reasonable but, I just had a bad massage, I didn't want to waste my time and money for more of that.
3	I'm from Southern California and was visiting my grandma in Vegas. I try to get a haircut while I'm here (saves a broke college student money), but the girl I usually go to moved to another state, so I was looking for a new salon. I remembered visiting Tivoli Village and seeing this pretty salon so I went ahead and booked an appointment. Here's my advice: be very careful about asking for estimates over the phone. I had asked for a rough estimate and told the girl what I wanted done and came in the next day. When I got there, in the chair, I found out that the girl on the phone didn't seem to understand what I wanted and gave me an estimate for a less expensive service. I felt so bad, but it was about double what I'd been quoted, so I left. This may not be terribly bad, but I had gone in expecting to pay wayyy less and I didn't want to be too hard on grandmas wallet. The girl I had talked to was apparently new and didn't really know much of what she was talking about. Again, I felt so bad for leaving and it probably damaged the stylist's workflow, but it had to be done. Even though I left with no new hair and split ends, the 5 minutes I spent in the salon were very nice. The salon itself is stunning, has that "upscale hair salon" smell, and everyone I came in contact with was very nice and pleasant.
1	This review is for the Ritual Spa and Salon on Rampart in North Las Vegas. I purchased a voucher from Travelzoo and was so excited to visit the salon for an 80 minute massage. The salon was fully booked on the days I was available and offered to accommodate me beyond the expiration date, so far off to a nice start.  Niki was super nice and made the experience seem well worth the hour drive for the service. On the day of the appointment I had difficulty finding the facility and phoned at the time of the appointment as I would likely now be 5 mins late and needed assistance in finding there building. I was astounded by the response I received when I phoned. I was telling the person on the phone where I was and she says you are in Boca Park, we are in Tivoli Village and if you cannot be here in 5 minutes we will have to deduct time from your service. I respond by saying I am not familiar with this area so I may not be there in 5 minutes. She proceeds to tell me "this is not my problem". First of all when someone is paying for a service this is not a response you want to provide as part of good customer service. It is somewhat frustrating when you are trying to locate a place and can't and then get a rude response, instead of, can we reschedule or work with you on a different time, instead of " not my problem". At this point I suggested to cancel the appointment. I phoned Ritual when I got back home to speak with a manager about the conversation only to find out it was the MANAGER that was so rude and proceeded to again argue with me over the phone. I would highly recommend not giving this place the time of day!They should allow you to post with negative stars as a rating!
5	I love this place so much. It may be a little pricy but you get what you pay for. I got my hair done here and it looked amazing all night! Also recently I got a new skin care set for acne and it dried out my face so bad I could barely move my face. I looked on rituals site and saw they had a hydration facial and I immediately called. They got me right in! How amazing is that? The spa part of the salon was so dark and relaxing. And my hydration facial was the greatest thing. It's even a plus the bed is heated so you stay nice and comfy. I can't wait to go back and get the rescue me facial for acne. And I would recommend this place to any one.
5	What a wonderful experience! I was visiting Las Vegas from California and it was my 1st time using Groupon. I was a little nervous about it. I didn't know if Id be treated like a 2nd class citizen b/c of groupons. However everyone was super nice, polite, and professional. This location was a little far from my hotel on the Vegas strip, but definitely worth the $40 taxi ride. If I lived closer I would be here often!
4	Megan is a great hair stylist - professional and meticulous.Interior of the salon is cool and everyone I have talked to was friendly and accommodating.
5	I had a cut, full color, and deep conditioning with Meghan yesterday. She is GREAT. Professional, honest, and obviously very well educated in the art of hair. She is a true asset to your company. She made sure that I had no color on my face or neck, and checked up on me every 10 minutes as I was processing. Thanks Meghan!
1	I went in for a manicure before a big event and came out SO disappointed - worst manicure I've ever had. The experience didn't get off to a really good start with not many colors even being available for me to choose from. As the manicure commenced, it was very sloppy and I wasn't impressed with the lack of detail my nails were given. At the end, I just wanted to pay and get out. AND That wasn't even the end of it. After I paid and walked out, I realized my manicure was completely jacked from pulling out my wallet and paying. Come to find out, I could wipe off all my nail polish in one swipe of a finger... the lady put oil as a base on my nail... I didn't have time to go back in as I was already running late, hence no time to argue for a refund. That was my first and last visit.
4	My husband and I had massages and it was great! There was a scheduling snafu because a therapist called in sick, so we had to have consecutive massages instead of concurrent. But we both got Jonathan as our therapist and he was awesome! Great pressure, asked what I was most concerned about, and really listened. I was totally relaxed afterward.The only reason I took away a star was that I could hear the noise and talking in the salon, despite being separated by three doors. It wasn't hugely loud, but enough to be distracting since it was constant. And I thought the massage room was too cold, but my husband thought it was fine. Overall we had a great experience and when we're visiting Vegas again we'll be sure to come back
5	groupon got me here through a great deal on a manicure/pedicure, and I think I'll be back.  I don't get my nails done very often-- I'm not a girly girl and it seems I always smudge it, but Megan (who also does hair here so I assume is the same person from the other reviews) gave me the best mani/pedi of my life (granted, I don't have the large sample size that some of you do).  She was extremely detail oriented, friendly, and just did an all around fantastic job.  I also had some waxing done, and I didn't catch the name of the lady who did it but she was fantastic as well-- I really appreciate it when a place listens to my concerns/preferences, and she did that.  The reception/atmosphere was really nice as well, and they were very helpful and professional when I called to set up my appointment.  Great job!
5	I thought this was a great little Spa.  I had a amazing facial with Allison and a great mani/pedi and hair styled.  I will be back!  Very happy with my spa day.
5	If you are looking for an amazing person to cut, color, and/or style your hair, ask for Audra! She is the best! I promise you will never go to anyone else ever! You never have to wait on her, she gives her full attention, and not to mention the out of this world scalp massage you get when she washes your hair!
5	My hairstylist is Audra, and I am absolutely thrilled with her!  She is always punctual and courteous, which is wonderful.  But the REAL reason I come to Audra is that she knows what to do with my hair!  She offers new ideas but never pushes anything on me, her cuts, color & styles are just perfect.  I drive all the way from Green Valley for her... Totally worth it!  Give her a try, you won't be disappointed.  The salon is cute too, fun to shop in the area & enjoy Farmer's Market and other special events while here too!  Can reach her at 702.328.0051
5	Jonathan was fantastic! I really enjoyed my massage and would surely go see him again. I'm looking forward to going back. All the staff I encountered was very pleasant.
5	My stylist is Audra.  She is amazing!  I'm a short hair girl who constantly changes her look.  Audra is always on board with my crazy hair ideas and wrangles me in when needed.  Give her a try.  You won't be disappointed.
1	I had a groupon  (a gift from my son) for a massage at the Tivoli location.  I arrived on time, the massage therapist did not.  She began 10 minutes late and ended 10 minutes early so I did not receive a 50 minute massage.  The therapist was in a huge hurry to get done and it was an awful experience.  When I check out, I was told that they would honor my groupon this time but not again as I was already a customer and groupons can only be used once.  The fine print on my groupon said "new and existing customer" could use this groupon.  Last time i visit them.
1	Groupon users beware! This salon figures you are one time customer. The stylist they assigned to me washed my hair as if she was on a time limit.The conditioner that was in included with the groupon was applied and not washed out. And we all know what that means greasy looking hair!
5	I always go in for a hair cut or all over color and I always see Gabrielle. I am so picky with my hair and who I let touch it. Gabrielle always does an amazing job and she is so nice. I would definitely recommend that if you are looking to try this salon you ask for Gabrielle!!!
5	Absolutely fantastic spa!!  My wife and I had the M'Lis body wraps with facials during a recent trip to Vegas.  It was well worth the easy trip out to Summerlin from the Strip.  Our esthetician, Christina, was awesome!  She did both our wraps and facials in the couples room and timed everything perfectly.  Thank you Ritual for a great spa day and nice surprise for my wife!!  We'll definitely be back!!
3	Went in person to check out for myself. Met with Megan a stylist who looked at the mess my hair was in after the last styling disaster and we talked about what I wanted my new cut to be and I showed her a picture. We set up an appointment for the next day with Megan at 1:30pm. Earlier on the day of my appointment I received a text message with my appointment info and I was eager to go. I got there about 15 minutes early and when I checked in I was told that my stylist was going to be someone different due to schedule issues. That was not acceptable so I told the receptionist I wanted to speak to Megan. When Megan came up to the front she was not aware of the change and after looking at the schedule it appeared that someone  had changed me to someone else and put in her own clients instead without letting Megan know. After talking over the situation I agreed to have the other stylist do my hair. She was good but I got the feeling that due to her and Megan having to take over appointments she was rushed. She did a great job at fixing the mess I had but it was not a full cut more of a trim. She ended up taking about an inch off of the length and straightened up the layers. The salon is very nice and comfortable and if I go back I will make sure that Megan is my stylist and that there is no rush or confusion.
1	I bought the Strawberry Fields mani/pedi Groupon with a friend.  We came in and were led to the back room where there were 2 pedicure stations.  The foot spa was not working at my station during my visit. During my pedi, the girl used a strong callous remover on my feet, then applied a sugar scrub which mixed with the callous remover and was spread all over my legs.  She left the callous remover/sugar scrub mixture on my left leg till it burned while she proceeded to do the same thing on my other foot and leg. I had to tell her to wash it off and she seemed surprised that a mere "sugar scrub" would sting.When she began applying the nail polish I'd chosen, it started clumping on my toes. She used paint thinner to try to "fix" the polish but it continued to clump and went on thicker in some places than others. She didn't think anything looked wrong when I pointed this out to her.She didn't use toe-dividers, either, to separate my toes. Apparently they don't even have them at this salon, so the polish was all over my feet by the time I left.By the time we got to the "manicure", my stylist forgot to soak my fingers, and didn't bother to use any cuticle softener before taking her metal instrument and jabbing/scraping my dry nail beds.  She didn't even clean under my nails. Because she had another customer waiting and because the pedi was so bad, I told her not to bother painting my nails.This place was a disappointment to say the least.
1	Just walked out of the salon.  I will first say the lady Britney that did my hair was good. I did like her. In terms of the front desk and management, I am not happy with them.  I was rescheduled today due to a cancellation I did over the phone last Friday. I called to cancel nobody answered. Left them a message. Someone called back and left a voicemail saying they are Rescheduling me  next Tuesday same time.  My original appointment was at 2pm. I never received another email confirmation or a phone call the day before so I assumed it was the time my original appointment was made.  Thought my appointment was at 2 pm but apparently is was at 12.  A person called me at 12 and so I asked her should I rush over.  I quickly rushed over at got there at 12:20. Got a package deal on an email and it included highlight, cut, style, and conditioner.  Because I felt bad, I told the lady just to do a highlight and simple quick trim on my bangs. She said you may get some money back so I agreed. No style. No conditioning. Went to the front and said is there anything you can do for not getting any of those done and she came back saying too bad. You came 20min late. We're not doing anything from you because it's a package deal. It's not about the money but it's about how she responded and the customer service.  Too bad for for them. I love supporting local businesses but I will not have any of my friends come to their salon or use them. Should of just said, I'm sorry or hey we totally understand, let me give you 10% off.  That would of been all they needed to do.
5	I love Ritual! I get not only my hair done there but I also get my massages, facials and waxing done there as well. The ladies are all knowledgeable and friendly. Heather does a great job with my waxing and facials and Brittany C. Is always ready to try whatever crazy thing I want to do with my hair next. I highly recommend Ritual!
1	I can not believe what you guys just wrote. Your comment back from my response is horrible!! I asked you, "should I still come?" I am not an expert with my hair. I had highlighted hair already, yes. But I needed the roots retouched. What Britney did was not to re highlight the hair, it was already pretty blond. I needed the roots retouched. I am not the hair stylist. She is. Yes, you called me at 12:15. We hung up after 2-3 mins of talking. I said about 8 min. If you figure, that's about 12:25. I arrived at 12:30. It's tivoli.  There are a couple red lights.  You should of told me to reschedule.  You're the manager!  Even if I arrive in 5 min, that's not much difference. Pick up your phone!  Keeps going to voicemail there. I can never reach anybody when I call which leaves me playing voicemail tag with you people!!Next time you reschedule someone on the phone, send an email confirmation. Don't just leave a voicemail saying same time Tuesday.  Which time???  Our first time or our second time? Need I upload your voicemail too??!?!Total worst place in the world!!  Now you got me on the next horrific level!!  Horrible!!!  Again you said sorry you were late or sorry for the confusion.  Just something empathic is all your business needs to do to support good customer service!Customer Service is THE WORST I've ever experienced.  Worst. Worst. Worst!  And I don't like giving bad reviews but you guys just took me to the next level.
3	For my second experience I brought my friend in for her birthday. I cant speak for my friend, but I can speak about my experience. I got the paraffin wax for my hands(I work hard with my hands at the near by Boca park) I love paraffins and the quality of the paraffin wax at this salon is top quality! However on this particular day, yikes! Britany greeted me with a smile but shortly after she seemed upset / despondent. After telling me to wash my hands before dipping them into the wax she explained how to place my hand in. Just after my second hand came up I noticed there was a hair in the wax on my hand after I brought the hair to her attention she quickly removed it without much of an explanation. I was surprised and said that she probably finds hair all over the place since she is a stylist. . She agreed and proceeded to tell me that sometimes she'll find hair in her food, picks it off and still eats the food.Ok so after all that she had me rub my hands together to get all the wax off then told me that was the end of it. I got upset because the way Samantha did it was not even close to Britany. Britany seemed as if she didnt properly know how to do the treatment. I had to tell her that in my last visit the next step was lotion..? Or maybe Samantha spoiled me.. either way I asked Britany  for an application of lotion and she offered me some with chocolate in the ingredients,  well chocolate breaks me out I definitely didnt want that. She couldn't help me so I went to the lady up front and she gave me a nice size sample of Moroccan oil plus some to go. Great that made the whole experience worth it.  Moral point: be careful who u book with. I believe there are two Britanys at this location. this one I belive had less seniority than the other. I might give this place another go... but only for a bubbly, confident, and caring employee like my experience with Samantha..
5	I get my facials and hair done at Ritual, today I went in to have eyelash extensions put on. I was a little nervous because I had heard a couple bad things about getting lash extensions and the effects it could have on your natural lashes. Brit M. was my service provider, she explained everything she was going to do and the different types of lashes that I could get. After talking it over we went with the longer dramatic traditional lashes, I figured if I am going to do I want it to be noticeable. The service was done in a spa room, which was very relaxing. Brit was very friendly and answered any questions I had along the way. It took 2 hours to do, which I normal and the whole time Brit made sure I was comfortable and had water if I needed. When we finished she explained how to care for my lashes and not to rub my eyes or get them wet for 24 hours. I LOVE my new lashes, they look amazing. I wish I would have done it sooner. Brit M. was wonderful as was everyone I interacted with at the salon. I have already gotten so many compliments on my lashes. Best decision I have made.
5	Samantha has been doing my hair for over four years and I refuse to have anyone else touch my hair. I currently live in San Francisco and usually fly into Las Vegas just to have her do a cut & color. She always makes me feel welcomed & at ease, especially when we are trying something new & her attention to detail & expertise gives me the confidence I need in a stylist. I get complimented all of the time on my hair & have Samantha to thank. Thanks Sam for continuing to make me look gorgeous, I will be going to her for a long time to come!!
5	I love Ritual and look forward to getting pampered by Sam every time - time flies when I'm there.  The Customer Service provided by all the employees is exceptional, from the time you call to schedule or re-schedule your service up through when you leave the salon!! Keep up the great Customer Service - which is hard to come across these days!!!
5	UPDATE: I am now satisfied. I came in for a third visit and learned alot about just how a salon appointment should be! What an experience!! Promt service, care and customization!  Thank you!
1	I had an appointment scheduled for a massage today at 3 pm. After driving there, the receptionist (who happened to be the owner) informed me that they accidentally put me down for a facial, and they didn't even have a massage therapist there on Wednesdays. The receptionist who I spoke with on the phone to book the massage was standing right next to her and didn't even apologize or take responsibility for her mistake. The owner was very rude, abrupt and cold, and offered nothing to make it right. I showed her a text message and email confirmation they sent me confirming the massage, and expressed that I drove all the way there for nothing. The owner did nothing to make it right. She asked if I wanted to PAY for a hair cut or facial instead! Why would I want to PAY for a haircut or facial??? I have never experienced such horrible customer service before. I was looking forward to my massage there and planning on signing up for a monthly membership. Very disappointed.
5	A friend recommended I go hear after she had great results with Britney. I'm so happy I took her advice! Britney was amazing and honestly had the best customer service. She made sure I was 100% satisfied before leaving and I didn't have to do anything to my hair for a couple of days after. If you're unsure about what you want, go with Britney, as she gave me some good recommendations too. Thank you!
4	Good, local salon spa that gives fairly good service for a higher end quality of services. Liz, my colorist is FANTASTIC! I've been seeing her for 7+ years & she is 5 stars worthy! Worth a visit for your regular 'home salon' location.
1	I had gotten several bikini waxes here over the past year - always with the same awesome aesthetician, who has apparently left the salon. This morning's bikini wax with someone new was like having tar applied to the area! Way too sticky, lots of pulling without any hair removal, and a nice chunk of skin missing from my right inner thigh now (uh, there was no hair there to start with!!).  Thank goodness I made her stop halfway through!  If this had been my first bikini wax, it would certainly be my last. I left on the verge of tears!!  WORST experience ever!
4	Had a bit of a mix-up but they totally worked it out for me. The girls I spoke with were (I believe, terrible with names) Alicia and Britney. Alicia was the receptionist and Britney did my nails. I called ahead and booked a Petite Mani/Pedi because I only had time for an hour treatment - however it does NOT say on the online price list, nor did the person I book it with tell me, that that treatment is only for children 12 and under. So I got there and I was booked for 90 minutes of treatments. I was about to just leave but they figured out how to work it for me in their system and Britney gave me a great, quick but thorough 30 min pedi and 30 min mani. Great customer service and solid mani/pedi. Thanks again!
3	I first came across this place thanks to Groupon when they offered and cut plus deep conditioning for $30 which is a good deal. My first experience was great! I got a great haircut and they even let me renew the Groupon again. Second time it was the same experience and I decided to make this my place to go but the third time was extremely disappointed. My haircut was great but they were understaffed and my hair stylist had to stepped away from the chair in the middle of my haircut for a while, no biggie. When I went to ask if I can renew my Groupon they said no. They told me they only let you do that once and I told them this was the second time. They then said that it was because it was under new management. The receptionist was very indifferent so after that they definitely lost a customer. I don't plan to go back. I feel bad for the great hairstylists that have to be under horrible management.
5	I came back for a second Pamper Me facial with Miranda.  It was an incredibly relaxing experience.  The spa is separate from the salon and is beautifully designed.  I was given a locker, spa robe, slippers and brought into a treatment room, which was warm and calming.  The facial was skillfully done and included a shoulder and hand massage. (Ahhh!)   After the facial I stayed and melted into comfy couch, drinking this amazing ginger tea they offered me.  I definitely recommend the spa services!The Pamper Me facial is $100 and lasts about 50 minutes.
