5	My favorite pizza in the world.
5	Best pizza in Madison, hands down.  Thin crust pies with an assortment of toppings.  They don't deliver and aren't open for lunch but that makes it all the more special.  Yeah, they serve pasta too but nobody ever orders it.
4	Hey, its nice.  Good food, good drinks, very cosy...and again, NO SMOKING...a perfect place.  Great for after work gatherings...
4	wonderful pizza and fun atmosphere.  makes it seem like you found a secret club in your neighbor's basement.  parking is never easy  but we've never had to walk more than a couple of blocks and it's so popular but small that there's almost no room to wait (hence, 4 stars).
4	This is my absolute favorite restaurant in Madison.  Great wine, food, and atmosphere.  I've had the pasta and the pizza...pasta is ok, but the pizza is better.  Wonderful antipasto platter.  Great place to go with a significant other or a group of friends for pizza and wine.  There's usually a wait, as it's a tiny restaurant, but there is a bar if you can snag a seat.  Best kept secret in madison.
3	greenbush is cozy. i'd do a first date here if i were in college, but now it seems good for getting together with other couples, or for a casual dinner out with friends. the bartenders aren't very attentive, but they get the job done. the waitstaff is better. and the pasta is good and filling. i can never finish a whole plate. good, not distracting environment when you want to unwind and talk with your company.
3	Greenbush has solid food for the price but a somewhat disappointing beer and wine list for an Italian place. Recently I found out that since they are a bar everyone in your party should be at least 21, a child or your spouse. This would not have bothered me so much if they were not so inconsistent about enforcing it.
4	Terrible acoustics, but that's the only negative thing I can possibly say about this fabulous little slice of Madison charm. It's small, so there is often a considerable wait if you go on a weekend night or there's something happening at the Kohl Center. The desserts have been disappointing in my limited experience, but that shouldn't matter if you've ordered their awesome antipasto platter and easily the best ultra thin crust pizza I've ever had.
4	Grade: BGreat food and prices. The snooty, Trust-Fund Liberals sitting at the bar are a bit much.
4	Tucked away so completely by the very discrete sign out front, the unseen basement windows, and the abstinence of designated parking, the Greenbush Bar looks more like an old small office building than the surprising little restaurant that hides beneath. Somewhat dense inside the Greenbush Bar hosts one room with the actual bar nestled against the wall.  The majority of the Greenbush is simple tables, frequently arriving diners, and a wait staff trying to accommodate as many as possible.  Despite an initial wait, the Greenbush makes good; and of course it's usually a good sign when your dinner spot is so popular you wait a few. Green B has a surprising amount of fish and seafood on its menu along with the expected pastas and pizzas.  Their pies are light and balanced, their sausage was zesty, the most distinct and best element on our pie, the crust was sweet and adequate, not excessively doughy or particularly thin.  The only noticeable flaw was an odd system of pricing the ingredients all with their own prices leaving you to create your own custom pizza rather than having a selection of already designed specialty pies to select from and cheaper than ordering each ingredient separate.  A pasta dish was additionally decent.  The nice on-tap selection even more helpful.  A few dollars more expensive than the level of its food merits but overall a worthwhile trip into this basement.
4	One of the more unique places in Madison.  It feels comfortable, the lighting is pleasant and the food is classic Italian.  It reminded me of the East Coast Italian restaurants of my youth.  The pizza was good, the garlic bread was just ok and the standout was the caesar salad (ask for the anchovies).  The smoked trout pasta was tasty if a bit heavy.  The thin crust pizza ranks as some of the better pizza in Madison (Lombardino's is still better).  There are two reasons Greenbush lost a star:  the prices and the acoustics.  Prices are reasonable but not great - although I must admit they use local farm-raised meats and eggs which I'm sure cost more.  The acoustics are HORRIBLE when its full (which it was on a Wednesday night when we visited).  They really need to invest a few acoustic tiles for the low ceilings.Overall a solid a player on the Madison restaurant scene.
5	Their pizza is awesome, but the other stuff is good too. I've eaten consistently good food here on a regular basis for over eight years.
5	The food was EXCELLENT!!  The antipasto platter was great, and then we had a pizza with Italian sausage and artichoke hearts.  All the food was really really good. The wine we ordered was also great.  I agree with some of the other reviewers, the acoustics did suck, at least with the place packed as it was when we were there.  But the food was good enough to make up for the fact that I could barely hear my date, yet somehow I could hear every word of the inane, ridiculous, idiot conversation at the table next to us.  The table next to us, by the way, was **VERY** close to us, almost uncomfortably close, but then again, I have personal space issues.Then again, we did go on a Friday night at prime time.  I know for sure that they wouldn't take reservations then, but that may only be because it's their busiest time.I thought the prices were reasonable!  I don't understand why people are criticizing the prices or saying their meal wasn't good enough for what it cost.  I didn't think the prices were exorbitant or unjustified for the quality of the food/service, and I'm usually really conscious of those things.  ((  Not 'cause I'm cheap... just 'cause I'm po'! ;D  ))I'll definitely ((try to)) go again!
4	Don't miss it.  In the basement of the Italian Workingman's Club and really no sign.  Homey 60's knotty pine basement rec room atmosphere.  Great bar and really wonderful, straightforward southern Italian preparation style.  Best thin crust pizza in Madison.
5	Best. Pizza. On. Earth.Thin crust, goat cheese, banana peppers, sausage and tomatoes. Brilliant. I have never been won over by the pasta here, but between the absurdly good calimari and what is, again, the best pizza I've ever had, you cannot miss at the Bush.
4	Tall guests might not feel so welcome at the Greenbush Bar - the ceilings in the basement are probably not much higher than 7 feet!The ingredients used in this authentically Italian eatery, however, are towering. I've eaten here several times and always have a pretty enjoyable meal. Tucked in the basement of an unassuming building on Regent St., this is the kind of place that probably can't accomodate getting any more popular. Cozy would be the nice way to put it. They've got about 15 tables and a decent sized bar - the place is pretty small.The main event is pizza, which shines in its "real" italian style. In a town of college grease-pit pizza joints, this is a relief. The italian sausage on the pizza is excellent.The pasta dishes on the other hand have never blown me away. A little fishy and heavy on the olive oil, you can probably do better elsewhere if this is what you're after.The bar has a wide selection of whiskeys and wine, as well as several excellent local beer choices on tap and in bottles. But I suggest ordering a mojito - the fresh mint is a great way to finish a meal!
3	The food is okay, but it is a great date place.  Hidden, almost secretive beneath the Italian club, you descend down into a dimly lit but cozy restaurant.  The Italian food is okay, but the atmosphere fosters great conversation.  Show your date that you are creative and unpretentious.
4	Went with friends before a movie. It's tough to get a seat many nights, but the staff is friendly and we can usually wait at the bar. Our waiter this night was a little more forthright about the wines on the list that he did not like - but he was right. Great pizza and pasta. Best simple pasta dishes for the price anywhere in town. Most dinners around $10. It's a great deal.
4	Awesome, awesome, awesome thin crust pizza. Some of the best I've ever had. went with my girlfriend on a trip back to Madison where I went to school. I can't believe I didn't know about this place when I lived here. NIce beer selection, dark, low-ceiling, cool atmosphere. My gf loved it too. Nice canoli for desert. We had a good, not great caesar salad before the pizza. Nice ppl, nice atmosphere. I can't wait to go back next time I'm in Madison.
4	Best cannoli and thin crust pizza I've had in a long time. And I've spent summers in Sicily, so I should know good pizza. I like the atmosphere- any pizza place in the basement of "The Italian Workmen's Club" that has the symbol of Sicily above the door gets my vote. I am tall, however, and when standing it can make one feel a little claustrophobic. And it's not accessible for my wheelchair-bound friends, but at least they can get takeout :/ Service isn't anything fantastic, but it's a hole-in-the-wall place, not like fine dining. Still, SUCH GOOD PIZZA and cannoli made correctly! Yea!
5	I've actually never tried the pizza, but still love the place!  The vegetarian antipasta platter is something to die for!  I absolutely love it.  The pasta dishes always change and I've tried mostly all of them (stealing bites here and there from family members), It can be pricey but nothing to complain about, I mean, you get what you pay for.  Everything is just fresh and FABULOUS!  I'll have to try the pizza soon!Oh and the atmosphere is great. The place is small and hidden in a downstairs little basement area with white xmas lights up on the ceiling, if you're over 6 feet tall watch out for your head!  It can get crowded, expect a little bit of a wait.
5	Three excellent dishes keep us coming back again and again: First, the thin crust pizza is excellent.  Second, the lemon pasta is zingy and delicious.  Lastly, the vegetarian antipasta platter is fabulous.
4	The atmosphere is unique with low ceilings and Christmas lights strung everywhere -- good if you're not claustrophobic. It can get pretty loud, but the drinks were good and the pizza, along w/ paisans, is my favorite in madison.  The antipasta platter was great, although it did have a cold fettucini salad on it. I'm not an expert, but I thought an antipasta should be, well absent of pasta.  It gets crowded fast, parking can be hard to find,  and they don't take reservations. I've wanted to go back again and as soon as I'm able to get a table I will.
3	Apparently, I ate the wrong dishes here.  I regret about not checking the Yelp reviews prior to the visit.Steamed mussels: Sold outCalamari: What a messPasta with eggplant and tomato sauce: Totally "Barilla + Classico"I should probably give it a second try, but my first experience with Greenbush was pretty sour.
2	Summary: highly overrated and apparently very inconsistent as identified by other reviewers.  Extremely pricey, fills up quickly, no parking, but decent service.  If I was looking only for pizza, I'd look elsewhere.Detailed review: we've been reading the Yelp reviews about this place for a few months and couldn't wait to try it out.  So, we decided to make the short trek down to Regent Street; with the snow, the roads were interesting but definitely passable.Finding parking was our first challenge... there's no lot, and there isn't any space near the actual restaurant.  We eventually found parking in one of the hospital ramps across the way.We entered the Greenbush, and were immediately charmed by the quaint and cozy setting.  It's definitely small - it'll maybe seat 60 people, and if you're taller than six-feet, you'll be ducking the entire time.  A hostess sat us near the bar at a small two-top table.We browsed the drink list and menu for a bit; our server stopped by to take our drink orders - a Spotted Cow and a glass of Pinot Noir.  We also ordered the cheesy garlic bread with marinara ($6).Within a few minutes, we decided to try a pizza.  The pastas sounded great, but this place is known for it's pizza, so we chose the 12" thin crust with pepperoni, capicola ham, roasted peppers, and basil.The bread arrived; three average sized slices of fairly dry bread with a healthy dose of mozzarella cheese and a cold dish of marinara.  Light on garlic flavor, but thankfully it wasn't drenched in butter or anything like that.The place was quickly filling up, and our waiter became a little more scarce, but for good reason - when the place fills up, you can't see more than 3-4 feet around you and trying to navigate the crowds is challenging to say the least.Our pizza arrived and it was burned to a crisp - the top was so burned that we couldn't see any peppers or basil.  The waiter said something about the "crust wouldn't firm up" and offered to cook us a new pizza if we didn't like this one.  We took one bite and figured we could burn toast at home if we wanted that charred taste, so we ordered a new pizza.  The second pizza arrived within 10 minutes or so, and it was cooked much better on top, but the crust was soft and flimsy.  The toppings were sparce; the pepperoni greasy, and we couldn't detect much basil flavor at all.  The chewy/doughy crust seemed a bit undercooked, but given the alternative, we gnawed away on it "as was."The bill arrived - $46.  ZOIKES.  Really?  $46 for 2 drinks, an appetizer, and a 12" thin crust pizza that tasted like a mediocre frozen pizza?  Me thinks not.Greenbush = FAILService = 3.5 stars (decent; got worse as place filled up)Food = 1.5 stars (highly - HIGHLY - overrated)Value = 0 starsMisc = 4 stars (liked the atmosphere and cozy nature)As we were leaving, we came to the conclusion that the Greenbush seems to attract an older, more yuppie-ish crowd that probably enjoys the cozy setting, nice wine list, and bland food.  Next time I feel like pizza, I'll look elsewhere.
2	Tried only few things. It's very hard not to make good italian sausage sandwich.... The same goes for calamari and saladHighly overrated
4	Tasty pizza with a good selection of toppings, fun atmosphere - it's in a basement.  multi-colored christmas lights adorn the low, black ceiling.  Wine list is limited.
4	This place is a Madison secret tucked away for locals that appreciate good pizza. If you like thin crust pizza, this is about as good as it gets in Madison. The classic Italian food is good as well. A reasonably priced restaurant that is a must for a relaxing evening with friends. A little off the beaten path if you are downtown, but worth the ride.
5	My favorite italian in Madison.  The pizza is outstanding, thin and crispy with a cornmeal crust.  I am salivating just typing write now!  The anti pasta platter is fresh, clean and full flavor; perfectly accented by fresh peasant bread.  Plan to smell roasted garlic and toasted mozzerella cheese. The hubby loves the pasta - anything with fresh seafood.  Sometimes I think he would order two servings.Wine selection great!
4	This place is after my heart.  Located In the basement of a cute little building, the ceilings are low and covered with Christmas lights.  And I only sampled 2 menu items but loved them both. The bread was not warm but tasted fresh, and we piled on tomatoes, fresh whole milk mozzarella, olive spread, roasted garlic, and tons of other goodies from the antipasto platter we ordered. Our pizza came out hot and fresh, thin, crispy, with a corn-meal crust.  The toppings were fresh and tasty.  I'll defiantly be back for more, maybe it can earn one more star :)
5	Excellent thin crust pizza, delicious sauce. The tastiest, gooiest garlic cheese bread in the city. Yummy key lime pie with a thick, buttery graham cracker crust and a quaint, twinkling-light setting to boot. Definitely will be back. Appetizer, 1 beer, 1 soda, 12-inch two topping pizza and dessert for less than $40.  We ate EVERY SINGLE BIT OF FOOD!
2	I've given the Greenbush several tries, but I'm left feeling "meh" about my experiences eating there.Yes, the christmas lights almost give it a kitschy atmosphere, but not quite. It looks more like someone threw lights on the ceiling of their grandparents' 70s basement rec room. It has great potential to be quirky and awesome but doesn't quite get there. The plastic auditorium chairs they use for seating are also wickedly uncomfortable.Yes, the food is substantially local and has the potential to be very good, but it doesn't quite get there either.   It seems a bit uninspired and underflavored, and the last time I was there the bottoms of my ravioli were burned black. I'm not even sure how such a thing would be accomplished, but accomplished it was.The service is also "meh." Pleasant enough, but my drink and my water went unrefilled throughout my entire meal AND dessert so I left quite thirsty.  Not only did I not receive another non-burned helping of ravioli when I informed the waitress of my burned dish, I didn't get comped for even a penny for being served something that was more or less unedible.  The waitress had said she'd "take care of it" but apparently that means only that she'd get the dish off the table.I really want to think this place is a fabulous local gem, but really it's just a mediocre place that needs better service and a lot more heart.
4	One of the best pizzas in madison. Crispy cornmeal crust provides just enough thickness to stand up to the toppings, many of which are sourced from local/sustainable wisconsin farms. They also have the best bourbon list in town and bartenders who know how to mix a drink. If you come on a weekend you'll probably encounter a bit of a wait and a lot of noise, so be prepared.
5	Best pizza in Madison. Great beers on tap. Cozy for a cold night, but small, so be prepared to wait, especially if there's anything going on on campus. Better for small groups. It can be tough to get seated with a large group.
3	I'm editing my review. The second time I went there for dinner the hostess was very rude. My boyfriend got spaghetti & meatballs. I'd give it a 5 out of 10 - not good. Stick to pizza.1st visit: Super good pizza and very cozy atmosphere. Didn't appreciate the huge wait in an uncomfortable setting though. Also, some of the prices were a little expensive - 3 pieces of cheese bread for $6 - but it was super yummy. I really think these guys should open another location that could accommodate more people.
1	This used to be my go-to place anytime I was meeting friends for a casual dinner.  The pizza is very good with an excellent selection of toppings.  However, I will never, repeat never, step foot in this establishment again and here is my story ...  BAD SERVICE AND RUDE MANAGEMENT.I was meeting two girlfriends there.  When I got there, the manager advised she would not seat me until my entire party arrived, which was kind of rude, but understandable.  They fill up fast and the seating is very limited.  When we all arrived we were seated.  The first interaction we had with our waitress came was a snide comment from her, "I thought there were going to be four of you," implying we had no right to be seated if our entire party was not there.When the waitress took our drink order my friend ordered a lemonade.  This waitress pipes up "The lemonade is homemade and is very tart.  Do you still want it?"  she says, with a sigh of impatience.  My friend says yes.  The waitress comes back about 3 minutes later explaining that they are out of lemonade, would she like something else.  My friend explained that she could not drink anything with carbonation and did the waitress have another suggestion.  She did not and my friend stuck with water.  After our food arrived, my friend then asks if they have ice tea as an option.  The waitress with the same amount of snideness says "I think so.  We brew it fresh and it sometimes run out.  Also, it is very minty.  Do you still want it?"  My friend says yes.  And now I'm starting to wonder what is with our waitress.  Every time we ask for something she acts like we are inconveniencing her and why didn't she recommend the ice tea when my friend asked her for non-carbonated drink options?Twenty minutes later our appetizers of garlic cheese bread came and it was good.  Another 15 minutes after that our pizza came ... completely wrong.  I had ordered a "16" pizza with all mushrooms, all black olives, half sausage and half pepperoni."  The pizza came out with all the meat on one half, which is not what I ordered.  I indicated to the waitress that this was wrong and she then proceeded to flip back through her order pad and with another heavy sigh started reading my order back.  I stopped her and told her that I knew what I ordered and this wasn't it.  She offered to have the kitchen make another pizza but "it would be awhile as there are other pizzas ahead of this."  I could just feel her begging us to just deal with it and not make her go back for a new pizza.  One of my friends had been visiting a friend in the hospital and was going to return to her as soon as were done with dinner so we didn't want to wait for a new pizza and just tried to pick around the stuff.  As it turns out, only 1/2 the pizza got eaten as it was just too difficult to deal with.  We never saw our waitress again.  Another 20 minutes pass and then the manager sneaks the bill onto our table and walks away.  I stopped her to explain that our pizza was wrong and I felt it would be a nice gesture for them to give us a reduction on our bill.  The manager stopped me abruptly and indicated that she had heard about the mix-up and felt that "her experienced waitress could not have been wrong."  What??!! Excuse me?  I then told her our side of the story, which she was clearly not interested in hearing and then stated that "sometimes we do offer a discount, but would not in this case."  When I explained I was not some street person trying to get a free meal, just a discount to show their concession, she didn't care and walked away.  If I am going out to dinner to pay five times what it would cost me to make the same meal at home, I expect that some of that money is for customer service and the luxury of being waited upon.  I couldn't believe this complete disregard for their customers.  They didn't seem to care if I would ever return.  Well, now they have not only lost an existing customer, but I will do everything in my power to ensure that I have some impact on whether they get any new customers.  I guess the only way to make my voice heard is by writing about it here.  I felt sick to my stomach when I left there, as if I had actually been robbed at gunpoint.  For a place that relies solely on repeat customers and word of mouth, they have a very high and mighty attitude.  Please avoid the Greenbush at all costs.  If you want a unique and casual pizza place with creative pizza and italian food, visit Villa Dolce in Middleton.  You will have an excellent dining experience without the attitude and parking hassles.
5	Best Pizza in town.  (maybe Lombardino's actually is, but this is really f-ing good).Great atmosphere.Love it.
5	BEST PIZZA IN MADISON!Ok, so we're not deep dish people, so if you're a deep dish kind of couple, you won't appreciate this review. We love thin crust and this is straight from the way they do it in Italy... authentic pizza, dough, garlic, olive oil, everything is hand made and fresh... truly incredible. Crunchy and yummy.There is one pizza they make with olive oil base and at first I was skeptical, but Chris reassured me it would be good... it was fantastic and not like anything I've ever had. I agree with some of the reviewers, the service suffers a bit from the over capacity the place often gets. Yes, there's a long wait, but it's worth the wait. Great beer selection and the specials are always the one to go for.And for those of you who are bagging the dusty cheesy Christmas lights... I say, it's all about the food. Greenbush definitely has it's own atmosphere... down in a dungy basement with kitchy decor, but aren't the best Italian places always like that? It would be one thing if they were trying to be fancy, but it's pretty obvious that they don't care about that, their focus is the food... and it's damn good pizza!
3	The pizza is the best item on the menu. The ambience is cute; the year round Christmas lights add a touch of festivity. Greenbush is a, "downstairs affair, nestled in the basement of the Italian Workman's Club, you would probably never know it's located there, unless someone told you.The service is dicey. When it's busy, often the wait for your food is long. One of the downsides, is their policy NOT to seat you unless your entire party is there. This means, while the rest of your group is parking, 4 more tables will walk in and be seated. You can't even sit at the table and enjoy a beverage, while you're waiting for your party. There is not sufficient seating for waiting for atable, and often you end up standing.
5	Greenbush Bar is Madison's best kept secret. The service is knowledgable and friendly, the ambiance is hip and intimate, and the food is some of the very best in Madison.
5	Every business has what are known as "high maintenance customers." I get the sense that some reviewers below might fit that category.  After all, someone who reports that her service left her "sick to [her] stomach," as though she was "held at gunpoint" from a dining experience might have bigger problems than her waiter, and is probably not the best source for dining reviews. So I'll try to do this without resorting to such hyperbole.  I love the place, but it is still just a restaurant.  You'll probably enjoy the Greenbush.  Its small and popular, so go there expecting a wait and a crowd.  Find your way to the bar, order a glass of wine for you and your guest, pay the bartender and have a conversation with the person you're with.  Before you know it, you'll have a table.  Try the antipasto, spread some roasted garlic on some homemade bread, or some olivata or pesto.  Have a pizza, another glass of wine, then finish by splitting a creme carmel with a glass of cognac.  Thats what I usually do, and love it.If you happen to like nice alcohol, this is your place.  Very few places have as extensive a scotch list, and no place is as reasonably priced ($5 for Macallan 12 year last time I was there!) Grappa, sherry, tequila, wines, good beer, it's all high quality at a great price in a non-assuming atmosphere.  This is one of the gems that make Madison great.  And good news- the lady who felt she was held at gunpoint and is doing everything she can to get no one to eat there again?  She'll be in Middleton.
4	Finally had a chance to stop by last night, grab a few drinks and pizza.  I had heard some good things about Greenbush and needed to try it out for myself.  The fact that this joint is located in the basement of an old building gets two thumbs up from me.  The space is old, dark, and almost timeless... it definitely gives you a warm feeling when you walk inside.  The pizza is phenomenal, with a simple menu of classic italian ingredients to top your pie with.  I was impressed to see prosciutto and copa as options, as well as the option for an olive oil base.Overall, it was a GREAT experience.  The service was a tad on the slow side, but the waitstaff was more than pleasant.  Why would you come to a place like this in a hurry to leave anyway? I'll definitely be back
4	Really good thin crust pizza!
5	Love it.
3	The pizza is great and it's inexpensive, but the atmosphere leaves little to be desired. I'd say check it out, it's good, but it will never be the first place that comes to mind.
3	Went on a date here last night. The food was A+ and so was the lovely pregnant bartender, but our table service was subpar. First, as we headed to the bar, the hostess stopped us and said "table for 2" when we were obviously trying to have a drink. Her demeanor was just a little odd. Then, after we had drinks and were seated, we were forgotten about until we flagged someone down and asked if we could get a server (15 minutes?). Then, our meat antipasto came without meat until we asked. Odd experience to say the least.
3	Nice atmosphere, low ceiling, Christmas lights, etc.  The calamari was very good but nothing special.  The pizza was OK but not a WOW.  If you have never been here, give it a try.  But it was nothing special as far as I'm concerned.
4	The place is small with a low ceiling. It's in the basement of an old Italian neighborhood social club. It's crowded and noisy for a reason. People like it. We waited 10 minutes for a table. They gave two of us a four-top. On a Friday night at 6:00 there were at least four families with kids at the table. People knew each other. Nice neighborhood feel. It was packed when we left.Unassuming and authentic Italian. Spousal Unit and I shared a meat antipasto, Sicilian salad and a large pizza. Quality stuff. The prosciutto, salamis and cheeses were excellent,  the salad OK and the pizza was great (anchovy and roasted red peppers). The house Sangiovese was delicious, I had two. The service was fine, even with the crowd and the noise. The menu claims that all the meats come from a local farm (that's good). All the deserts are homemade so a return to try those is in the cards. There was also a smoked salmon pasta on the menu that I might have to come back to try. Good stuff.
4	One of my favourite places for pizza - and some of the pasta dishes are alright.  The ambiance is great - I always think it feels like somewhere other than Madison.  Service is dependent on which server - some are great, some are a drag.  Same for the bartender.  I've had great drinks, and some sub-par drinks.  But the pizza never fails.
4	Super cute, old school Italian-American restaurant, replete with Christmas lights strung around the bar, very friendly wait staff and a killer beer/drink list. I didn't have pizza, but it looked good...Had the special veggie lasagna and a couple vodka drinks (they have Death's Door, among others) and the excellent garlic bread. The vibe is laid back- really homey. I could see making this a regular stop in the neighborhood. Others obviously agree because the place was packed on Saturday night.
5	After striking out at two other Pizza's places while in Madison, a co-worker recommended Greenbush and all it did was fill me regret. Why? Because I regretted spending money at other Pizza places while in town while I could have had more of their AWESOME thin crust while in town!One of the best pepperoni thin crust pizza's I have had in recent memory. Don't let the small location, bad parking and other small negativities scare you a way!
3	I recently moved to The Vilas neighborhood, and love the dining options around here. This being said, after much hype, I finally made it to The Greenbush bar. It was a Friday night around 9:15.  The dining room was still very full. we knew it was a late dinner which was a big reason we chose this place knowing the kitchen is open until 11:00. Parking is definitely a hassle, even in the small town of Madison. Street parking only, no lot. The entrance of the place is a bit confusing, but after reading a few signs we were able to find the basement where The Greenbush Bar calls home. Seems a little dingy, and VFW-ish upon entering. We ate at the bar, to avoid waiting for a table. Service was good, and there's not much to the menu. If your looking for other options besides pizza you will be limited. I ordered a pizza while my wife had one of their pasta dishes. The pizza was good, cracker crisp, thin, cornmeal crust. Sauce and toppings were good. My wife's pasta was a little bland and we tend to always complain when "authentic" Italian restaurants use dried pasta. Using fresh pasta always makes a huge difference. We'll go back for the pizza, adding toppings can get a little pricey, though.One last note: This place IS a bar and minors are not welcome, so leave the kiddies at home if you plan on eating in.
4	Yum.  We went with a group of eight people on a Tuesday night to try out this place in leiu of going to trivia.  Couldn't have been happier.  The server was very kind and took her time to explain the menu, especially the specials.  I ended up having the spicy tomato soup (yumyum!), along with a thin-crust pizza that I customized.  Others at the table had the special pizza, which had goat cheese, bacon, mushrooms, and olive oil.  These guys prepare a damn good thin-crust pizza.Goofy christmas lights on the ceiling, but an ideal place to hang out if you're a basement dweller :D
2	I was really excited when I heard about Greenbush Bar. I'm a huge pizza guy and I love New York style thin crust pizza, which they apparently serve here.So I went to Greenbush Bar with the fiancee and we ordered an appetizer and two pizzas. Both pizzas were burnt black on the bottom and my excitement subsided. We tried to address the issue with the waiter to no avail. We were not offered a new pizza  nor were we compensated with the bill. It was not a pleasant experience. The only reason I gave this place two stars was because I saw the potential. I was able to try parts of the pizzas that were not burnt and, though I hate to admit it, it was decently good.
4	Greenbush is an institution. Whether you're meeting someone for a drink & some authentic Italian antipasto or you're planning a noisy family reunion with pizza to die for, this inconspicuous basement hideaway has it all. Top it off with a good wine selection & fabulous wait staff that don't pester you, and you might think you're back in Italy for a second. A must-do whether you live in Madison or not.
4	Just went to Greenbush tonight with a friend for dinner. I had been here once before and it wasn't so memorable. Tonight, it was memorable. We got the nightly special pizza - topped with Nueske's bacon and arugula, a couple types of cheeses and tomato on an oil-based crust.OH MY GOD. It was so good. SO GOOD! I am pretty picky about the way I want my bacon cooked - crisp but not burnt, and this bacon was cooked perfectly. It was amazing! I am a huge fan of thin crust pizzas , and this place did not disappoint. I saw one other review where the person mentioned the pizza was similar to New York style pizza. I completely disagree with that statement. New York style pizza, while thin crusted, still folds in half. The pizza at Greenbush doesn't fold in half, the crust would break. It's burnt in some places and chewy in others. Perfect!We also got the fried calamari appetizer which I liked. Some pieces were a bit chewy, but most were tender. They were dusted in a cornmeal batter of some sort and served with a creamy horseradish sauce which was a nice change of pace (I don't like marinara with calamari).Also, the have pretty cheap wine by the glass (pinot grigio was $5), and a number of cocktails all priced at $8 each.There was a wait to get a table at 8pm on a Tuesday night - can't argue with that!
3	Authentic italian on the outside - This place is extremely small (you most likely will have to wait 10-20 minutes if you go around dinner time) but has a good feel when your at your table. Could be a good date place but a lot of families with kids around. Great thin crust pizza. Price is a little expensive if you have drinks for what you get and the atmosphere.
5	Great pizza.  Done right, fresh ingredients.  The atmosphere is pretty unique.  Not quite neopolitan pizza, but close.  Similar crust to Brutta or Porta Alba, doesn't quite have that woodfired texture.Worth every penny and the atmosphere put it over the top.  I will be back.
5	Dana...Dana...Dana!! Best server/bartender/hostess you'll ever meet. This place is one of the best hidden gems in all of Madison. My fiance used to work there with a myriad of friends that have been gainfully employed there over the years and what more can be said about a hip, underground italian bar that you've probably driven by every day and never heard of. The food is always fantastic and the bar is never lacking. Do yourself a favor and stop in and you are sure to become a regular.
4	Warm, dark, & cozy - my kind of place.  The place already had a wait at 6:30pm on a Friday.  We waited about 15 minutes for a spot which was thankfully not right by the door (being in the basement, cold air sinks down the stairs, despite the two doors between the restaurant and outside). I liked the ambiance a lot - lively and casual.  The pizza was quite good (love the thin crust) although extra toppings add up fast and there is no discount for only getting some toppings on half your pizza.  The beer list was pretty loaded with heavy winter beers (can't a girl get an IPA for goodness sake?!) so I wasn't as excited about that, but I'm hoping they'll switch it up come spring.  We ordered the roasted garlic appetizer which I would not recommend.  The garlic bulb wasn't warm or spreadable, it seemed like it had been baked hours ago.  The bread it was served with was equally room temp.  Sigh.  Our bill for two, with beers, was close to $50, so don't mistake this for cheap pizza. BOTTOM LINE:  This is about a 3.5 for me right now. I will go back primarily because I liked the ambiance and the pizza.  I will limit myself on toppings and hope the beer menu offers a bit more diversity the next time around!
5	This is one of the best pizzas you will ever have! It is usually pretty busy but it is well worth the wait. It is pretty cozy so not the best place for a huge group. Try it ! You won't be disappointed!
5	This place is so awesome I almost don't want to write about it. Let me start out by praising their whiskey. They have the best bourbon selection that I have seen in Madison and their prices are fantastic. I am not as well versed in Scotch, but their list seems pretty extensive. I love that they serve themed flights of bourbon. I personally love to compare and contrast flavors, so a flight is truly ideal. In addition to the drinks we had great food at Greenbush. Their pizza had 2 full strips of Nueske's bacon (for those who haven't had Nueske's it is some of the best bacon in Wisconsin). The pizza was hot and delicious and the flourless chocolate cake was outstanding (they make it in house like almost everything else.)  The space isn't for everyone, its a bit dark but I enjoyed it as a spot to have dinner and drinks with friends. Overall a hidden gem of Madison and a must go place for bourbon connoisseurs.
2	Pizza didn't live up to the hype. Pretty standard fare. The restaurant itself is cozy though I'm not a fan of the low ceilings and feeling trapped underground. Oops.
5	Descriptive phrase: homey bar with the BEST pizza in Madison.Greenbush Bar, you complete me. 1) I love that you're in the basement of the Italian Workmen's Club, one of the last remnants of the Italian Greenbush neighborhood. 2) I love that you're always packed by word of mouth only, with no need to market to any of the college crowd. 3) Everything you've ever served me has been fantastic.GB is a hidden little basement bar loved by locals and passed over by everyone else on the street. They like it that way. There's always a wait, but you can have a drink at the bar until one of the 20 or so tables opens up. Just watch your head on the low ceilings and Christmas lights!I came here with 3 others on a Friday night. We were seated after 30 or so minutes, only after I had partaken in a exquisitely-prepared Mint Julep (~$10, in honor of the Derby). We got two orders of the crostinis with goat cheese to share. They were absolutely fantastic. Crispy bread with melty cheesey goodness. The table then got two 20-inch pizzas: sausage, red peppers, onions; arugala, olive oil, gorgonzola cheese. Both were divine. The arugala one was fresh and light, while the sausage one, I daresay was the best pizza I've ever had in Madison. The thin crust, the fresh ingredients jumping on your tastebuds, and just the right amount of grease. And you'll have leftovers for sure.One pizza, one app, two beers per couple: ~$35. Well worth the price for the quality of the food, as well as the ambience during the meal.
5	After a loooooooong bike ride, the boyfriend mentioned some pizza. But not just any pizza...the best pizza in Madison. Yes, please. Sign me up for that. We biked up to this convenience store and I'm like wtf...really? But it was in the brick building next to it. Whew. We go down the stairs to a basement all shady like. Inside it's dark and the ceiling is festooned with Christmas lights. It's 6:45 on a Saturday night and there are a couple of full tables but we're seated quickly. They have a menu full of Sicilian delights such as smoked salmon pasta (definitely coming back to try that!) but we went straight for the thin crust pizza. They don't have any specialty pizzas on the menu; it's all build your own. So we go for the gorgonzola, Copa hot ham, and basil.As we wait for our pizzas, the joint starts filling up. Now it's really hoppin', and if you want a table there's a wait. About 15-20 minutes later, our pizza comes out piping hot. The crust was perfect. It was thin and crisp but also a lil' bit chewy. The pizza sauce tasted hand- and homemade. Overall, best pizza ever, and also a great post-biking meal. The pizza can get expensive if you're heavy handed with the toppings, so watch out for that. But it'll be the best pizza you ever eat!
1	Just left the GreenBushBar in Madison. Our group of 7POC + 1 waited a half hour for a table, then a group who came in after us got seated first.The manager, when confronted, said she decided we'd be more comfortable near the a/c and that's why she gave our table away. She didn't ask us, she didn't stop and inform us, we only were aware when she was asked about the table that had been given away.I did not see any POC in there during this entire duration. As we were leaving the manager came out and was like "oh we have a lovely table for you" but it was pretty fucking too late for that bullshit so we went to Qdoba instead.So you might not want to patronize this place if you're in town for Wiscon or ever.
1	I visited Madison with the plans to go to Greenbush Bar. I was very excited because they were said to have the best pizza this side of Chicago. I told several friends about the place, but was unable to go myself. My friends went* and told me about the terrible treatment they received there. Being the only people of color in the establishment, they were somehow conveniently only offered seating after all of the white customers. In fact, the bar gave their table away to a party with the same number of people, who again were conveniently white, with some excuse about air-conditioning. I guess to Greenbush Bar black people need air more than others? I'm sure it's easy to give out positive reviews to this place if they are willing to serve you, however, that becomes very difficult when the bar will not even offer you the same service as the other customers. In this case it would have been nothing more than a table and courteous service.   *Please read the review below by Maria J.
4	I don't think I can emphasize enough how much easier (and just overall less stressful) of a time it is to come here on a mid-week weekday.   Service is better, food is better, drinks are quicker.
4	I've been here quite a few times, and the food has always been good. I won't lie, the pizza gets a little ridiculous in terms of price. The base prices for a "build your own" seem reasonable, but you can easily pay nearly $5 just for a single topping on a larger sized pizza. I have also tried the pasta, and enjoyed it. Nothing fancy, just tasty. One thing to know ahead of time is that your server won't appreciate separate checks, especially if they are busy. Ours almost refused to separate ours. I would recommend coming prepared with cash if you plan on splitting the bill among friends.
5	Holy Cow does this place serve up good pizza! By far the most delicious thin crust pizza I have ever had. As it should be. A 16 Inch pizza set me back a whopping $38! So not only is it the world's best pizza! It's the world's most expensive as well! To give you an idea of how good the pizza was; I didn't seem to mind paying $38 bucks for a single pizza. It was almost like I was under the influence of a pizza high! Seriously, I will be back for another $38 pizza. It's that good! Thank you yelp for helping me find this hidden gem in Madison.
4	I went here with a friend who said it was her favorite pizza in Madison.  I was a little skeptical about a restaurant being in the basement of the Italian Workman's Club building, but I was pretty impressed by the food. The atmosphere is probably 2/5, but they make it up through their food. Some yelpers said the pizza was expensive, but I thought the prices were reasonable ($17 for 16" 2 topping pizza). The toppings tasted fresh. Usually they don't split checks which can be annoying, but they weren't busy when we went and the server happily split our bill.  I would definitely go back next time I'm in Madison! Pros: great pizza!Cons: small place, not great atmosphere
1	Was here about a month ago. Wish I could tell you how the food was, but my friends and I spent an hour waiting to be seated. And just when we were told a table was ready, a group of people who'd arrived shortly after us were given the table. The manager told us that she thought we'd like a table near the A/C. (Maybe she believes Black people are more warm-blooded than others?) In any case, we wound up at a Qdoba next door. Also, if you're traveling around Madison with a large group of black people? Prepare to be stared at. A lot.
5	Best hidden gem in Madison! My sister and I worked for Greenbush while students at the UW and I instantly loved what Greenbush is all about. They thrive on being a "heard it through the grapevine" type of restaurant. I continue to love being able to introduce friends of mine to the restaurant, making them them new fans of Greenbush Bar. Christmas lights adorn the ceilings, music fills the room, one-of-a-kind food comes out of the kitchen, and a mirrored bar keeps drinks coming! I am a big pizza lover and have yet to find pizza that even comes close to the pizza at Greenbush Bar. Nothing can beat their homemade crust, sauce, and myriad of toppings. Greenbush uses cornmeal on the bottom of the crust, which adds extra deliciousness to the pizza. On top of the pizza, Greenbush Bar also has salads (try the Chef Salad...it's to die for!), pasta, lasagna, wonderful appetizers, homemade deserts (key lime pie and flourless chocolate cake are two of my favorites) and more. One complaint I've heard from people before is that the wait is too long. First of all, remember that the restaurant has 15 tables and its worth waiting for quality, locally grown food. Dependent on what time you come to Greenbush Bar, it can be busy but they do work hard to keep things moving. If you are hoping to get seated quickly, the best time to come is earlier in the dinner service or later in the night. Also, Greenbush gets a good size crowd for Badger games, specifically basketball and football games. They do not take reservations so if you have a bigger table, you may have to wait a little bit. It all depends on the night. I have never minded the wait. Have a delicious drink, like their brandy old-fashioneds or a mohito and relax! I love everything Greenbush Bar is about. Great vibe, food that is bought locally and is incomparable to any place in Madison, large variety of drinks...favorite restaurant in Madison. Come down to the Greenbush Bar, located in the basement of the Italian Workmens Club!
3	I have been here twice now. First time I would give 4 stars. I had a pasta special and tried some of my friend's spinach, bacon and olive oil pizza. Service was great, ambiance was cool and food was very good.The second time is tough. I'd give the food (pepperoni and sausage pizza) 4.5 and the service a 1 or 0. We arrived last Friday night at 9:15-9:30pm. My boyfriend and I were seated right away and given menus. We said we needed a minute to decide on our drinks. After 15 mins of looking around for our waiter, I finally went to the bar to order drinks and say we couldn't find our waiter. The bartender apolgized and brought our drinks. The waiter came back shortly and asked if we were ready. We ordered garlic bread and the pizza. The garlic bread never came and we thought it may come with the pizza. Finally the pizza came (which was delicious) and our drinks were empty. He never brought the garlic bread or apologized. At that point I didn't care. He took my credit card and came back with the check and didn't run the card. I had to remind him I gave him my card. He may have been really tired or just not "completely there". Anyway, I'd come back to give the place another chance because the food is good and I saw a few other servers giving other tables good service while we were there.
4	Delicious pizza, slower service.Went to Greenbush for the first time, on a Tuesday night. We got there around 6:15 and the place was pretty empty. It filled up by 7:00 though, with a mostly older crowd.Ordered a small, thin crust pizza and kept it pretty simple, adding only fresh basil. If you're into "the works" on your pizza, be wary, as you pay a hefty amount for each additional topping. Luckily, a basic pizza is all you need. The crust is absolutely delicious-- oil-based, and crisp. The traditional pizza sauce is flavorful, and the addition of fresh basil (julienne) was great. Another in our party ordered the Sicilian Salad, and said it was fresh and flavorful. A good sized salad for the $8.50 price tag.It took about an hour to get our food, but I think it was worth the wait. I have to wonder what Greenbush is like on the weekend, but I'll probably stick to weeknights!Oh, and as everyone else said, low ceilings! The decor is nothing fancy, but I appreciated that it wasn't cheesy, stereotypical Italian restaurant decor. No fake plants! Also, we were seated right in front of the air conditioner and it got a little chilly!
5	Let's just say the two times I have delivered babies in the hospitals across the street, I have ordered Greenbush pizza and food from my suite.  Hospital food may be getting better, but you can't beat Greenbush food no matter what. It is a secret gem.  You may have walked by a dozen times and not even realized it.I love that it has a real history to its own building and neighborhood.  Walk down into the basement, watch your head and be greeted by a wonderful smell that would've made Uncle Louie proud. Appetizers, salads, antipasto, pizzas, oh pizzas, smoked trout on pasta, are just some of our favorites.  It's intimate, it's cozy, the drinks from the bar and fabulous and so are the amazing desserts if you have any room left. So bring a friend who has never been, visitors from out of town or your honey on a romantic trip down memory lane right here in Madison.
5	Don't blink you may miss this place, and if you do your only missing out on the BEST PIZZA in probably all of the US.. Very unique place, Check it out! This place will turn you into a pizza fiend..!!!
4	Despite some bouts with inconsistency, the pizza is definitely worth the (sometimes long) waitBringing up three children, I've frequented more than my fair share of Madison pizza joints over the years.  When we decide to load up the Wagon Queen Family Truckster and head out for pizza, the Greenbush Bar is our preferred destination.  I'm always impressed with the balance between crust, sauce and toppings.  No one component dominates the experience.  The thin crust is sturdy enough to hold up to the sauce and toppings and provides a nice textural contrast.  There is a little crunch on the outer crust, and a little chew on the interior.  The red sauce intensely savory, with a touch of sweetness that balances the acidity.  It is hands-down, my favorite pizza sauce.  You get 26 topping options, including traditional favorites like sausage, pepperoni, and anchovies), Italian standards like Copa Ham, Molinari Salami, Prosciutto Ham, and a wonderful selection of specialty cheeses (chevre, gorgonzola, feta).  The vegetable topping are fresh (no canned mushrooms here) and act as a perfect foil to the richer meat and cheese toppings.Since I primarily order the pizzas here, I am can not provide much insight to the sandwich and pasta menu other than the kids have enjoyed the spaghetti with Sicilian tomato sauce on occasion.  You'll need to rely on the other Yelp reviews for the other pasta options.The wine list is top notch  - there are usually about two dozen by the glass options, with a wide array of varietals and price points.  The list is updated several times per year and the servers do a great job of recommending a wine that suits your preference.    Service is generally pretty good.  In addition to assistance with the wine list, the servers have always accommodated requests made by the kids for their meals.  Even when things are crazy busy, water glasses are refilled and dirty plates are promptly cleared.  Wait times for food and beverages vary based on how busy things are, but I have found the wait staff will generally keep me informed of the approximate wait time.  I've always felt the owner does a very good job of training the wait staff here.But things are not all unicorns and rainbows, thus my four star rating: * They don't take reservations and wait times on a Friday or Saturday night can be upwards to 45 minutes.  Things also fill up when there is an event at the near-by Kohl Center. * When the place is busy (which is usually the case), there is a little bit of a "Das Boot" feel to the joint, given the basement setting, tiny widows and the low ceilings. * Every once is a while, the pizza crust comes out burnt.  While the staff will always attempt to fix the problem with a new pizza, it takes a while to get the replacement. * The tables are tightly packed so things can get a bit cramped and VERY noisy.  If you are sitting next to a particularly boisterous table, you'll learn much more about your fellow diners than you ever care to know.So come when the crowds are manageable (weekday evenings and weekends before 6PM) and you will be rewarded with a memorable and satisfying dining experience.
5	Swanky. Casual. Cool.Greenbush delivers with high-quality drinks and a hip atmosphere minus the pretension. I'm sure things other than the sour Old Fashioneds are delicious... I'll update later if I ever fall out of love with my brandy cocktail of choice. A neat place to sit at the bar with friends and feel like you belong in another decade.
4	Came here with a bunch of out-of-towners, and wanted to show them a good time.Seeing the high reviews Greenbush Bar garnered, I decided to bring them here.We got here at 7pm, and it was completely packed. We were told it would be an hour wait, and were glad to be seated in half the time. We each got our own pizza, and split their special that night (a Margherita pizza with loads of arugula on top, bacon and onions). While the service was kind of slow and our waitress kind of surly (understandable since it was so packed), the pizza were absolutely delicious.The cheese is really melted into the dough, creating that dripping consistency. The olive oil was so flavorful, while the bacon brought a hint of smokiness. They kind of went a bit too over the top with the arugula, as it basically covered the entire pizza. But hey, it's basically a free salad.Anyways, if the service wasn't so slow, and if they didn't forget someone's banana pepper topping and another person's pepperoni, this would have been perfect.  Nonetheless, we walked away full and satisfied.
4	We've been back a third time and had much better service. It is one of our favorite places for thin pizza. Nothing else really compares in Madison that I have found. It is our go to place when we are craving good thin crust pizza. Highly recommend it!
5	Amazing.  Love the atmosphere, food and drinks.  This is the place for a romantic get-away!
5	Been eating there for over 10 years and still haven't had a bad meal.  They don't take reservations,  so get there early if you can. The staff is great at doing what they can to get people seated quickly with out being rude to the people who have already paid there bill.
4	I am doing everything I can to avoid working. My mind wanders and it lands right at the door of Greenbush Bar. I realize I am way overdue for a visit. Greenbush is a winter haunt. No windows, cloistered away in a little basement space. Despite the fact that the place only looks acceptable due to dim lighting, it is a wonderful spot to have some wine and delicious food. I adore the vegetarian antipasto plate. I almost never order anything else. It is an excellent dish to share if you are looking to nosh as you drink. The roasted garlic is sweet and soft, the basil pesto herbaceous (I love that word) and the bread is die for. It is really hard not to eat way too much bread heavily dipped in olive oil. I always leave stuffed. The pizza is good, the pasta is fine too. But for me, there is only one choice.Tonight I am headed to Nat Spil. Otherwise I would be staking out a little table at Greenbush just as their doors open. Tomorrow is another day.
2	Greenbush you are going downhill!  Okay, our pizza came out completely burnt around the edges, and all the bartender said was, "Oh, sorry about that".  No effort was even remotely made to say, something to the extent of being very sorry, would you like a different pizza, or maybe buy a drink or dessert to make up for the portion of pizza that was not edible.  And...the wine.  Really? It was a 1.5 inch pour in the already small glass?? for $8.25 a glass I would expect a decent poor (please don't be the Eno Vino's of Madison and poor a ridiculously small poor), but it was seriously only about 1.5 inches from the bottom, it was actually laughable. Did the bartender forget to pour the rest?  A refill was not offered on a soda or was water when they saw perfectly well that that glass was empty mid meal. Not sure what's going on, but we'll be sure to pass the word along that it's not what is used to be.
5	This is the best pizza in Madison.I've dined and drank at the Greenbush Bar for 19 years now.  The pizza's thin crust, slightly spicy and dark tomato sauce, and varied toppings come together for an exemplary slice.  A simple sausage and onion pie is a revelation.We often start with goat cheese crostini made on their housemade Italian bread.  Then a Sicilian salad with balanced and simple Italian dressing, dark olives, roasted red pepper and bits of feta.  A small Sicilian is enough for two.Their martinis are well made if not a little slight for my taste.  Their rail gin used to be Beefeater, but they've recently gone local to Death's Door.  They have excellent beer on tap with a range of choices.  The Greenbush wine list is always ambitious and high quality, representing Italian, American and French.For dessert you will find a luscious tiramisu that speaks bravely of rum and is rich with mascarpone.It's no wonder there are many reviews of the Greenbush Bar that bemoan the wait.  That's a sign of a popular yet small restaurant.  I just don't go there after 6pm or anywhere near a Kohl Center event.  The Greenbush is a Madison gem that I would be thrilled to find in any city or town.  It's got the food and it's got the drinks.  Once you're in a seat, you will be more than satisfied.
2	This used to be one of my favorite places in Madison. I worked nearby and was going here before it was well known. I am sorry to say it has gone downhill. Portion size has dropped to the point my otherwise delicious sandwich looked like a couple of sliders welded together.  Service was good  but the fettuccine was hardly enough for a child. I am not a big Eater but for these prices you should get what you pay for.  Cold bread with cheap olive oil that tasted like it was very old. No balsmic either. The flourless chocolate cake was dry, very cold and not worth finishing.You can tell when a restaurant has decided to rest on its rep and make the quick buck and my beloved Greenbush is no more. At least for me.
2	Greenbush, what has happened to you? My husband and I used to frequent this place when we lived in the neighborhood. We were very disappointed on our first trip back in awhile. On a slow Monday night, it took five minutes for our waiter to drop off menus after we were seated, twiddling our thumbs. Our orders were taken after 20 minutes. I could understand if they were busy, but they weren't and no one appeared to be hustling. The olive oil tasted weird, like it had gone sour. Halfway through our meal, the entire staff stopped working to eat dinner at the bar or clean off menus. Meanwhile, we waited 15 minutes to pay our bill. It would have been so easy to dine and dash as no one was even looking in our direction. But we did the right thing and paid the bill, and we're never coming back. Too bad, Greenbush.
1	One of our worse dinning experience in Madison. The basement location could be quaint but is so stuffed with tables and overcrowded that once you are seated, you are jostled and bumped by every passing patron and server. The food is defiantly overpriced for the rudimentary facility and the level of service (minimal and brusque). Sadly, the pasta we ordered was barely passable. My wife and I rushed to arrive before the nightly restaurant rush so we could be sure to get a table. There were a few open when we arrive, but they would not seat us because we were waiting on another couple in 15-20min. I explained that we would order appetizers and drinks while we waited, but they would not even take our names until the whole party arrive. The other couple arrived in 15 minute, but by then the place had filled and we ended up waiting more than an hour for a table.
5	As an all-too-proud Gopher, it pains me to boast about Madison pizza so highly, but alas, here I go.When you walk into Greenbush, it looks just like the Irish Pub out of Boondock Saints. Low ceilings, string lights, and amazing pizza makes this bar a place to visit time and time again.My parents and I started out with the Market Salad, made with mixed greens, mandarin orange, turnip, freshly grated cheese, and halved red potatoes. It's perfectly brought together with a garlic vinaigrette, and is the ideal foody pregame to the soon-to-be-raved-about pizza.Now onto the even better stuff:There's a reason the Signature Pizza is signature - this needs to straight up Hancock its way onto our Constitution, it's so good. Flaky, oh-so-thin crust, topped with gorgonzola cheese, tomato, bacon, and arugula, this meal of goodness leaves no room for leftovers. You get three key flavor components: robust buttery taste from the cheese, peppery but fresh notes from the arugula, and a salty-yet-sweet mix from the tomato and bacon. Among the three of us, my family finished a large, and we could have easily ordered another. Yes, we love food, but this is still saying a lot.My mom ordered the Tempranillo red wine, the least expensive on the menu, but said that the price was not evident in the slightest - it was smooth, not intimidating, and went perfectly with the meal.What I love about Greenbush was that you could tell everything was local and fresh, a characteristic unfamiliar in most pizza places among the Midwest. I'm going to have to start making excuses to come down more often, because I'll be dreaming about this dinner for a while.
4	After 7 months of traveling to Madison for business, we finally made it here for dinner to try this very famous pie. Well, we opted for a large 16 inch thin crust with pepperoni, bacon, red peppers and mushrooms.  Despite the hugely favorable recommendations and self induced expectations, I felt the pizza was just ok. The crust was a bit thin and cracker-esk and the sauce was a little on the bland side for me. All the stars were aligned for a potentially positive pie-eating extravaganza however, despite the hype and late evening hinger, I still felt the pizza was just "ok". I will honestly confess that the overly smokey bacon may have thrown this experience into a slight diversion. Although I'm a huge fan of bacon, this particular bacon (a local favorite) was and had a very intense smokey flavor. It was almost like it had a bit of liquid smoke on it - sort of a bit artificial if that makes any sense. I'd definitely give this place another chance though - minus the bacon of course. All this said, the atmosphere is very cool... Warm and friendly with a strong local vibe. The service was exceptional and the appetizers (roasted garlic and calamari) was very delicious. As I've mentioned in previous pie- reviews... I can be hyper critical about "good pizza". There is a lot of good pie out there but, there's not a lot of great pie. :)
3	Came to the Greenbush mid week with a group of 20. Staff was initially grumpy and rude  but pizza was excellent. House special with arugala and neuskes bacon is to die for. Would have given more stars if we had been treated better.
5	I've eaten here twice and this place has offered delicious food both times. I have not had and cannot comment on the pizza, but the pasta has been consistently good. The tomato sauce for more standard spaghetti-type pastas is high quality, in my opinion. What makes Greenbush's sauce stand out over that of many other restaurants is that it doesn't pretend to be more than it is--just a simple, but tasty, tomato sauce. I find that most places that serve tomato sauce feel a need to dress that sauce up, perhaps because tomato sauce is such a common component of many dishes. This worry drives chefs to add creams or large, chunky vegetables or overpowering spices into the sauce in order to make theirs stand out. Sometimes this strategy works, sometimes it doesn't. However, at Greenbush, the only strategy is to offer a tomato sauce that tastes like delicious tomatoes. It's beautiful in its simplicity and, frankly, its refreshing. Last night, I tried the Gorgonzola Sauce pasta, which was Fettuccine in a cream sauce with chicken and scallions. The dish was simply delicious--so much so that I finished the whole thing even after eating an appetizer. The cream sauce was flavorful, but the mix with chicken and scallions really made the difference. Together, the flavors blended into something wonderful. There's also an option to replace the chicken with mushrooms, but I can't vouch for this dish if the chicken is missing (I think the flavor would be wholly different). Last, but definitely not least, I have to mention the Vegetarian Antipasto, which I had both times. It is to die for. Be prepared for a good-sized plate filled with: artichoke hearts, slices of fresh mozzarella, basil leaves, spring greens, tomatoes, olivada, bread and olive oil, bowtie pasta in a warm pesto, and a fist-sized clove of roasted garlic to pick apart and relish as a spread on the bread. Both times that I've gone, I've wanted to get one of the two other antipasto plates that have meat on them; both times my partner convinced me to just go with the vegetarian; and both times I have been absolutely content with that choice. One of these days, I'll get to one of the meat platters, but in truth, it probably won't be next time. Veggy antipasto, I love you. My favorite Italian restaurant in Madison is Lombardino's. Greenbush is the second, and loses only by a hair's breadth. The two restaurants are trying to do different things with Italian food, and both do them admirably. For Greenbush, serving high-quality, working-class fare--food that's customary in Wisconsin's historic Italian regions--is the name of the game, and that game tastes pretty damn good.
5	Have you seen the selection of Bourbon here??  They got the ENTIRE Pappy Van Winkle line and the Buffalo Trace Antique Collection available here.  So I've been on a bourbon craze lately, and this might slightly skew my opinion of this place, but that's absolutely amazing that they can offer this selection of bourbon for the public.Ok, aside from that, this place is quite the hole in the wall.  The bathrooms are tiny, it's in the basement of the Italian Workman's Club, it's dated and it can get very crowded and loud in there.  But the pizza is awesome and there's a great selection of booze.  We tried an olive oil based pizza with bacon, spinach and goat cheese, and we loved it.  Our friends had a sausage, green pepper and garlic and it was awesome too!  Service was top notch as well as our waitress was checking in at the right moments.probably my only complaint was that we ordered an Old Rip Van Winkle 10 year neat and what we got was maybe an ounce to an ounce and a half of the bourbon.  seemed kinda stingy on the pour, but I get it, it's a rare bourbon.So while this is a whole in the wall, the food and the drink selections are quite worth it, just make sure to get there somewhat early as it can fill up fast!
5	One of our favorite spots in Madison. They source their good from local farms and make their bread from scratch. We dined with my my mother in law. My wife and her had a pizza with feta and artichoke hearts.  I had a meatball sandwich which had a perfect amount of spicing and cheese.The restaurant is the basement of an old Italian workers club.  If you are over 6'4", you likely will need to duck when in there.
5	This place is great!  Amazing cheese bread and the marinara is perfect! I had the Gorgonzola Alfredo chicken and mushroom pasta and it was perfect.  The chicken is smoked and made to perfection.  Great ambiance!
5	This place is phenomenal. I repeat PHENOMENAL! I lived in Chicago for a decade and Greenbush Pizza could give Chicago pizza joints a run for their money. The crispness of the thin crust combined with the gooey garlicky greatness of all the cheese and toppings makes for an awesome perfection of pizza. Highly recommend this place! It's my go to place with out of towners visit. Things to check out: the specialty pizza. It's awesome.
4	5 stars for ambiance, 3 stars for food.It's hard to know what to expect when you walk into the Italian Society of Madison (this is so not what it's actually called but bear with me). The foyer looks like a foyer for a local society, not for a restaurant. But that's what makes Greenbush Bar so special - you walk down the side steps and are transported to another world! The ceilings are low and there are colorful Christmas lights hanging. It's dim and cozy with a big bar lining one of the sides. I would call it supper club meets speakeasy? The type of speakeasy that the 99% enjoyed during prohibition. After the excitement from the aesthetics of the joint, we were a little disappointed with the food. Our pizza was fine but all pizza tastes good (check out that Billy Crystal quote - even when it's bad, it's good). It wasn't up there with Grampa's or Pizza Brutta. The crust was thin and too flaky and overcooked. The meat antipasti platter was okay, but not the highest quality. Parts of it seemed like they put Oscar Meyer cold cuts on a dish.That said, it wasn't a BAD meal. I'll definitely be back to try different menu items and enjoy the special atmosphere!
5	Be sure to get dessert. It's made from scratch daily
