5	This place is the BEST place to get a brazilian wax in town!  Bree was my waxer and she also owns the place.  She made me comfortable and tried to make it as painless as possible.  I swear by this place!Please note that the place is hard to find and does no advertising.  It is located behind the Jack in the Box on Sahara and Decatur.
5	love it. love it. LOVE IT!  i was looking for a place in vegas for FOREVER and i FINALLY found this place and LOVE IT!  It is very cute/tendry inside and a great vibe!  made me feel like i was back in san francisco! I have been back several times and seen Vanessa and E and both were great.  It's not that expensive and they do a really good job.
5	Great place to get waxed! I've gone to Bree and she's the best! The atmosphere surpasses any other waxing place/spa/salon that I've been too. Their prices are very competitive for all you get. Would recommend BOX to anyone.
5	I'm gonna have to go ahead and agree with the three previous reviews here: BOX was awesome. I went for an early appointment on Labor Day. According to the receptionist, they're open 364 days a year, closed for only one day -- a training day. They don't even close for Christmas. What kind of heathen godless people are these? They open at 9a on most days, but I think sometimes they come in later if there is no early appointments. So you might call or drop by during their business hours and they won't be around. The place is decorated like a library with dark brown furniture. They have a full spread of fashion and lifestyle mags and books for waiting patrons or bored husbands. The owner, Bree headed the decor of the place and her husband worked on a lot of the design stuff like cheeky copy on the waiver and website text. The small things are cute. They have jellybeans and jawbreakers on the receptionist's desk and the waivers are printed on textured brown parchment. Since the economy is eating shit, they're promoting $65 Brazilians. Melissa was my loving aesthetician. She says she gets all of the newbies because she's really gentle. I guess as gentle as one can be while ripping whole areas of hair out of tender skin. She did a really good job. Good bedside manner, good attitude. She really made me feel comfortable, even when I was in horribly compromising and unattractive positions. We carried on a conversation the whole time and she was happy to entertain any questions I had. Before the job, they give you this sanitary wetnap to clean shop with, I love it. Everything was clean and well-maintained. Some things that might be useful to future patrons: right before your period, carpet wax will be the most painful; wait til after your vagina stops bleeding. Also, your first wax job is the most painful. She swears it gets easier every time. They used two kinds of wax for my Brazilian. The white wax is your standard Rambo wax for ripping out carpet. The second was a beautiful blue color and its used on sensitive areas that are prone to "tearing."  Fuck gross, dude. I'd go back and I'd mos def recommend the place to anyone else.
5	OMG this place is amazing. I found this place via a google web search and had to try it based on all the positive reviews. It's located in a strip mall location on Sahara (right beside Jack in the BOX, which I always used as my point of reference to find this place) and while it doesn't seem like much outside, the atmosphere inside is peaceful and relaxing--dimly lit lobby, friendly staff. I usually booked my appointments for 10 or 11 am on weekends, and even once I was 10 minutes late to my appointment, and the receptionist was kind enough to accommodate me. "E" helped me the first two times, and being a "newbie" to the service, it really went by as painlessly as can be (considering the circumstances) and she was very easy to talk to, which got my mind off what she was doing. She was very professional and I felt comfortable enough to go back to her a second time. The last time I went there, a different gal helped me and when I told her I was moving out of state, she said she had a friend that was in same area I would be going and that she would find out the best waxing spot and leave a message on my phone. I thought that was excellent. If I was still in the Las Vegas area I would definitely go back here regularly and I have recommended this place to numerous people. BOX is simply amazing!!! Great friendly staff who really know what they are doing.
5	I came to Box for a bikini wax. While they had a great promotion for a brazilian, I just wasn't ready for that level of commitment.First, the place is really nice inside. From the outside it's a typical Vegas strip mall. It's hard to imagine that inside there's a warm and inviting beige decor. They also offer water, tea, or wine, as well as cookies and jelly beans that match the decor.  Loved the ambiance!The lady I worked with was a real pro -- gentle and super patient. I can't remember her name (too nervous in the beginning), but she was really nice and we chatted the whole time. It was $35 for the wax, which I thought was a pretty good price.  I highly recommend this place. It was a great experience all around, and I never thought I'd say that about getting waxed. I even got a magnet that says "Food isn't the only thing that gets furry." I love the attitude!
5	Bree is amazing!  She owns this place and she is not only extremely professional, but also very thorough.  She uses the best wax.  It is very high quality, very comfortable on your skin, and virtually painless.  Bree is also amazing with eyebrows.  She created incredible arches and never makes brows too thin.  She believes in a very full brow.  This place is very clean and Bree is extremely nice.  I come back here every time I am in Vegas for an expert eyebrow shaping and brazilian waxing.  This place is great!!
4	If you are ever inclined to get on all fours on an examination table and have your who-ha in the air to commence the ripping of the hair - go here.
3	I think $65 brazilian is too much
4	I just cannot bring myself to give 5 stars to a place that rips your hair out at the root (although this place deserves it), but... The Box is, by far, the best waxing experience I've ever had.1) The Box may be in the middle of a strip mall, but the inside is incredibly swanky and comfortable. 2) Their prices are great and they have waxing services with names  like "bikini and butt" and "balls and crack" which makes it a little less awkward when asking for such things over the telephone. For the names alone, The Box is worth checking out.3) They serve wine beforehand. 4) Um, did you read my #3? I'll repeat: they serve wine before you get your lady (or gentleman) parts tended to.Last, ask for Erin. She's fantastic.
5	Bree is the best in town for brazilians using a type of wax referred to as "hard wax". She makes it seem effortless and is quite speedy and relatively painless. The boutique is gorgeous inside also!
5	Yeah when anyone gives 5 stars to have the hair ripped from the roots from P-town you know it is good.  Not only is Bree amazing she has the highest standards from her staff.  It is beautiful inside and they serve you tea and jelly beans.  They will answer any stupid newbie question you throw at them, and trust me I had many.  Having never waxed I was amazed how liberating it was to be a smooth kitten.  Meow I am hooked!PS I am not sure it is that expensive for a wax, it seemed well priced to me.
5	Amazing place! I've seen BOX featured on TV specials and in magazines as one of the best places, and it really lives up to its reputation.  A little hard to find, but so worth it. The atmosphere is relaxing and the use the best products. The price for the service is also great! I've been waxing for more than 5 years now, and this would probably be the best waxing experience I've had.
5	Amazing! I has such a good experience here especially since it was my first time getting a brazilian. When your laying out on the table spread eagle with someone ripping hair out where it shouldn't be ripped out its hard to be comfortable. Bree was great, she instantly put me at ease by making small talk and getting down to business. Perhaps the most awkward is when they flip you on all fours...that can't be an attractive position but i guess it gets the job done. The salon itself is very nice and swanky. Everyone is super nice and I love that they are open 7 days a week which makes things that much more convenient. Prices were reasonable. I'm definitely hooked.
5	Erin is excellent.  Getting a wax is an odd experience.  It's not often that you drop you pants withing the first 5 minutes within meeting someone.  Erin made that as normal as possible.  She was polite, funny and quick!I'd drive back to Las Vegas again!The salon is clean, comfortable and relaxing.  The restroom had all the amenities one getting a wax would want.  That was a nice touch.
5	Excellent service. From the time I called and made my appt to when it was all said and done. I got a brazilian wax and it was my first time but I had a great experience. The next time I'm in Vegas I will definitely be going back. And would recommend Box to anyone.
5	i gotta agree wit all the other reviews here...the BOX is the best place ive ever gone to for a wax. the interior design is awesome--def something different. the only thing that was uncomfortable was going on all fours but Erin tried to do it as fast as she could to make it less embarrassing. they make u feel really comfortable here which i appreciated cuz getting a wax by someone u jus met is awkward enough. they even give u a cup of this soothing gel to put on after...def appreciated that :)
5	I've been going here for years and just realized I've never Yelped them.I wouldn't go here and stick my butt in the air if it wasn't a 5 star facility.Love the decor and ambiance. Music is always interesting. Gotta love the snacks and drinks...my favorites are the jelly beans!!I've been seeing Bree forever and think she's very thorough and always puts you at ease. She makes it so easy to talk about the Grimaldis pizza you had for lunch while ripping hair from between your legs.I've recently had the chance to get waxed by Erin and she's a pro, I would see her if Bree wasn't available.Don't be scared it only hurts for a second:)
5	i'm from boston and i work at an aveda salon and spa. i was visiting a friend in vegas and wanted to get waxed while i was here. my girlfriend told me about box so i gave it a try. i was a little nervous because i've only ever gotten a brazilian at my spa that i work at. the ambience at this place was awesome. nice snacks, tea and water. erin did my brazilian and she was awesome. she was very quick which is always important! haha. she was super nice too! go see her! :)
5	For someone who hasn't done waxing before, (stop! I shave, ok!) it is always nice to talk to people who educates you and say what's best for you rather than someone who just cares about the money.I didn't know that hair growth has to be at least 3 weeks so that you can really get the best out of waxing that bush out! eeewwww..So i made an appointment. I don't know if I can stand all these hair before then.Bree educated me about all that and this yelp is for her honest and helpful opinion!
5	I am rather hesitant about finding new people to wax my man brows. That said, when I am out of town and they need to get done, I gotta find just the right person. Erin, you are my new favorite person. She's cute, funny and damn can she rip the hair off your body!! She did an excellent job on my man brows, trimmed them up just right and AND b/c she is such a doll, she threw in the nose and ear wax too! First time getting the nose waxed is an interesting experience, gives you a good sample of what that wax really smells like, but it wasn't painful at all. My eyes were watering b/c I ate spicy food just before my appointment, I swear. In any event, this is the place to be while in Vegas if you need to get your wax on. Thanks for the love and I will definitely come back next time I am in town.
3	Very friendly nice staff, beautiful place.  Loved my tech but noticied the wax was quite warm/hot.  Didn't notice til later that is had burned me and then it flaked/peeled.  It was pricey compared to the places in West Hollywood/LA that I go to that's $39.  But if I need a brazilian wax while in town again, i would probably return and be more aware of the wax temp.
5	First step through the door, you're welcomed by delicately selected decor.  Ambiance was pleasurable.  They have water and teas available.  Ashley is awesome!  Box, uses hard waxes unlike other places what uses soft waxes.  Difference between hard and soft is the hard wax sticks to the hairs and pulls the hairs off.  Whereas soft wax, sticks to the hair and the skin and rips everything off, leaving your skin flaming red.  Ashley did an amazing job, mind you, I was 10 minutes late...she was able to remove everything off.  She's very knowledgeable, and recommends products, but doesn't push sales on you.  I'd def be back to see her!
5	I absolutely hate shaving more than anything, so after debating on getting waxed for months, i finally decided I'd stop being a chicken and give it a shot. I thought "this cant be any worst than spreading your legs for a doc for those yearly girl test." I came here for my first waxing experience and boy... I wont lie, the first time is definitely the most awkward. I cant remember the name of the girl that did my waxing, but she was wonderful. She definitely made it less awkward and was real quick. I was in and out before I knew it. It wasn't as painful as i thought it would be, and for those of you that have never done it and are thinking about it... just do it. Its seriously not that bad. If you're scared of pain, take advil 30 minutes before your appointment and you'll be fine! :)
5	I had a brow appointment last week with Erin, and I am absolutely obsessed with how perfect they look! I had been growing them out for a couple of months, seeing her for some cleanup every so often, and last week went in for an actual shaping. I showed her a few photos, she talked to me about how we could make it work for my face, and was an absolute perfectionist. I don't know if it's weird to be so happy about my eyebrows, but it really transformed my face. All the girls at BOX are awesome, I highly recommend this waxing boutique to EVERYONE!
5	Fantastic staff! I went here because I had a groupon and because I heard good things! They are fantastic. I was 9 months pregnant when I had my bikini wax and they went slow at the right times and quickly at the right times. I would go back over and over for any waxing service.
5	Wow. Box. Let's see how can I express love for BOX without divulging too much about this place? The decor is awesome. Comfy couches, cool coffee table books, tea and candies. My favorite candy-atomic fireballs. That's right, red balls. Maybe an innuendo as to what men might experience if they were to get the 'Sac n Crack' wax. Line up gentleman, because they have this one trademarked just for you.As for the services they provide. Awesome. I mean who doesn't want to engage in conversation while someone is all up in your junk an you're on all fours? I wonder if that's why they serve tea? A tea time for your nani...But really, they do all they can to make you feel comfortable and make it as least painful as possible. Erin is my fave wanna-be Mr. Miyagi, her wax on, wax off is the best.I love BOX, but then again, who doesn't?!?!
5	I've been going to BOX since the day I moved from LA. (it's been 7 years to date)  I love the ambiance of the place and staff is incredible.  Everyone is very friendly and professional here.  I would not trust anyone else with my most private areas besides box. No catch here, nothing to hide, they are the best, just go to them and experience for yourself.  I have no quick tips just because there's nothing to hide.  THEY ARE THE BEST, enough said.Would not recommend anywhere else but here!!!!!!  Although I checked the box no appointment necessary, I am a planner and always suggest appointments to everyone.  makes things a lot easier and definitely more enjoyable when things are planned and expected.
5	Umm normally I wouldn't mention the words, ripping hair from my hoohah, & great in the same sentence. But, I digress.The place is beautiful, and it puts you at easeas soon as you walk through the door. They talk you through the umm, procedure, & get down to business (clears throat). Basically, I wouldn't go anywhere else to "geter done!"
5	When I moved to Las Vegas, I couldn't find a place that did good waxing. BOX does great waxing!I've only gotten my eyebrows done here and have left everytime fully statisfied!Erin was able to fit me in today and did an amazing job! They have great techniques and I'm not very red when I leave here, which is a bonus.I cannot recommend them enough!!
5	I grew up in Las Vegas, but I live in Santa Monica now. And every time I come home, I get really excited if the trip coincides with my waxing schedule, because that means I get to visit Box. I freaking love this place. The space itself is supercool - really interestingly designed and completely unexpected in the strip mall that it lives. And the women that work there - I've been waxed by several of the aestheticians - are fantastic. Super nice and great at what they do. I love the hard wax - wish more places in LA used it. It's so much easier on your skin and is less painful. I can't say enough about this place. I wish that it was in LA - I'd be able to stop searching for a great waxing place. In the meantime, I'll keep coming to Box when my schedule allows it.
5	BEST in Vegas. When I first  moved here over a year ago from the Bay Area I went to a place the place that left my "kitty"not so pretty. I was reluctant to try again, vowing I would get waxed whenever I went "home".  That plan hasn't worked so well and after being fed up with feeling like an amazon bush women, I went to plan F (after shaving, nair and laser hair removal didn't work out) Which was to try one more time.  I am sooooo glad that I did.  The Box is the BEST, Ashley did mine, she was very nice, no pain and quick but efficient. I was as hairless as a Sphynx! Now I can't wait to bring my hubby in for the crack and sack!  :o) I just wish I knew about this place a year ago!
5	Not sure why, but my first review got filtered............BEST in Vegas. When I first  moved here over a year ago from the Bay Area I went to a place the place that left my "kitty"not so pretty. I was reluctant to try again, vowing I would get waxed whenever I went "home".  That plan hasn't worked so well and after being fed up with feeling like an amazon bush women, I went to plan F (after shaving, nair and laser hair removal didn't work out) Which was to try one more time.  I am sooooo glad that I did.  The Box is the BEST, Ashley did mine, she was very nice, no pain and quick but efficient. I was as hairless as a Sphynx! Now I can't wait to bring my hubby in for the crack and sack!  :o) I just wish I knew about this place a year ago!
5	I'm from SoCal and was at LV for my bachelorette party. On our "recovery day" I decided to go get a brazilian done. I've only gotten waxed a couple other times and am still nervous about getting waxed down south. I yelped places around LV to go and BOX was the ONLY place that had 5-star reviews. Now I know why--they did an excellent job and I felt comfortable the entire time. The ambiance of the place is very chic and right when I walked through the door I was greeted and offered something to drink. The lady who did my wax (I forgot her name!) was so professional and talked me through the whole thing even though I had a Brazilian before. I highly recommend this place!
5	Since summer is coming up, thought I'd give my two cents on my fave waxing place. This is the place I recommend to all my girlfriends and they love this place too! Also, I LOVE the girls who work here so wanted to give a "shout out" to these lovely ladies.  Best brazilian EVER.  The atmosphere is very funky chic with a side of zen  and right away you are offered something to drink (just in case you don't remember to pop 2 advil 30 mins prior). My esthetician, Amy, is awesome.  They use the good wax (blue is good) AND the good strips too.  Yes, you will have to get in some crazy positions but its all worth it.  I guarantee you will feel VERY sexy when you walk out!  Just try to get an afternoon appointment.  Apparently, first time in the morning is the worst time to pluck or wax. Believe me, I'm a pro at this whole waxing thing and unless you're ready to sweat and get a little teary eyed, this is the best advice I can give anyone.  Btw, I'm dying to cross paths with a "sack and crack" guy. lol.  YOU are a brave one, sir, wherever you are....
5	My girlfriends had been ragging me about getting my nether regions landscaped.  After reading on Yelp and Youtube what a wonderful job this place did, I decided to have them introduce me to the world of brazilian waxing.  I was not disappointed.  Erin my aesthetician understood I was a neophyte and walked me through the process.  She even told me when it was going to be a bit more uncomfortable so I could be prepared for it.  I left this place walking on sunshine, I felt so liberated.  When I went home to visit, I had another place do my waxing and was truly disappointed.  I will never allow anyone to do my brazilian.  It's a bit pricey but I guarantee you will not be disappointed.  Amy has done my brazilian as well and she rocks too. And the reminder emails they send are quite entertaining.
5	BEST. WAX. PERIOD!I won a FREE Brazilian from Box and I was little scared as it was my first one.  One word: AMAZING!  Very professional and thorough.  This will be in my routine of waxing now.  They clearly know what they are doing from creating their own wax to the people they have waxing.  This is the ONLY place I will go for waxing in Las Vegas.Thank you Box for keeping me hair free! :)
5	First time waxing and let me just say.... Ouch! But as a woman unwanted hair anywhere needs to be eliminated asap and BOX really is that place to go get that done. First timers... There is numbing cream but be forewarned... That doesn't mean no pain. Pain = beauty. There wax is there wax: no one elses. They offer drinks, refreshments, snacks, whatever you need except a cocktail to ease your mind. Coffee shop type decor, cool music, and friendly staff! Now to the nitty gritty, they really get personal with you so don't get weird about it. It's their job, they've seen it all. So just relax and let them do their job! You'll be fine.
5	5 stars! These ladies really know what they're doing! The only down side is this place can be hard to find, I just moved here from out of state and I got lost looking for it. Other than that this place is great!
5	So I have had a lot of Brazilian waxes, Hell I perform and even own a place that does Brazilian waxes! so I think I have made it clear that I understand a good waxing when I receive one!  Box has to be the single best waxing experience I have ever had! The staff was extremely friendly and knowledgeable. They do not rush through the service nor do they seem to make it last any longer than need be. My waxer seemed to be a stickler for detail and even removed a couple of pesky ingrown hairs. The atmosphere was posh but still comfy and they had some delicious snacks to nosh on while we waited for our appointments. I would definitely seek out Box again if i return to the area and would recommend it strongly.
5	It had been a while since I had a Brazilian.  I only ever really get them for vacations or special occasions.  I was suddenly in the market for getting one as I had not only a special occasion to attend, but also a vacation coming up, each thing a month apart.  I needed to find a place in Vegas that was reputable and the apropos named Box got some high stars from the Yelpers and so it was.It had been a long time since I rock and rolled a Brazilian, so I did what I've always known best to do before getting one: pounded back a couple of Ibuprofen and washed them down with a 4 ounce bottle of Cabernet (thank you Barefoot wines for making those deliciously convenient glasses of wine in the 4-pack bottles).  I was nice and relaxed before entering the waxing den which is richly decorated in laid back.  The gal behind the counter offered me some water while I signed my paperwork.  She was also my lovely wax technician (is that what they're called?) whose damn name escapes me right now.  But she was a sweet baby and completely professional and personable.  We chatted about growing up in Vegas particularly about the strip mall where the shop is located (I shared that the now closed Boarders is where I met Anne Rice many moons ago) and the Huntridge Theater when it was the hottest venue to see a show.  She was awesome and being at ease with your wax tech is something everyone needs as you're getting the short curleys ripped from the pink parts.  I immediately scheduled my next appointment and I plan on taking my sister-in-law, who has never had a wax down there before, for a visit to Box.  I highly recommend Brazilian virgins visit Box.
5	I can't believe I am reviewing a bikini wax, but it was amazing! Like so many other reviewers, i found it the least painful wax I have ever had!
5	I never had brazilliam wax before. My husband took me to Box. It was painless! I don't know if it is the products or the technique they are using. I tried brazillian wax at different place after that and it wasn't the same. The staff were really nice, the place is clean and they offer drinks and snacks.
5	Undeniably, the best waxing service I have ever had. The shop is clean and very well decorated...great ambience. The wax tech was super friendly and professional, she made the process as painless as it could get. I'm thrilled to find such a great wax salon in Vegas!
5	I had the best experience at Box! I never been waxed before and so I was little nervous and scared. The staff made me feel comfortable, environment is clean with a calming ambiance and, although, it was a little painful it only lasted a few seconds. So glad I did it!
5	I am proud to say I have been getting waxed by Bree and the lovely ladies of BOX for 3 years now. Bree is a great boss and not only does she manage BOX well she waxes just as well. She's very quick with a great quirky personality. Her employees are a great representation of her as well. Listen, no matter how often you get waxed you will never get use to getting on all fours (LOL) but I PROMISE you the ladies of BOX will make you a lot more comfortable and a lot less awkward! ALSO, I use to have a major problems with ingrowns and now I don't! PoJo
5	After leaving Seattle I worried I would never find a waxing place as good as I had in Ballard. But Box tops it. Everyone is uber nice and professional. There is no" first time there" awkwardness at all. From the cucumber water to the chips to the million books and stuff to look at the whole thing is a great experience. Amy does my waxing and she is bright, funny, and quick. So yes, it is waxing and it will hurt a little. Don't freak out. They have a numbing gel you can use if you are really terrified but try it first. You may find you can handle it. I like their process so well I am talking my boyfriend into going soon. ;)
5	It was my first time taking care of business down there, and Bree made me feel very relaxed... Or well, as relaxed as you can get when hair is being ripped away from your skin. It sounds more gruesome then it was, and except for that instant when they peel the wax away, it was relatively painless. Love the ointment they give you afterwards, and as a matter of fact, im going to call them up and see if i can pay for more. Will come back again for sure!
5	Above and beyond service. I love it and definitely need you ladies!!! A must goto salon!
5	Loved it! Their new location in Tivoli is beautiful. The staff was very friendly and took their time with my service. They were happy to answer all of my questions and provide product samples for me to try. Can't wait to go back!
5	Bre never ceases to impress me with her expertise and character. Thank you for helping me care for my lady parts!!!!! You're awesome!!
5	Beautiful new location in Tivoli Village inside the LV Market...they even have a little outside patio now! Same great service, smiling friendly staff. Too bad they're even further from my home now, but at least they are surrounded by some great restaurants and shops to make the drive worth my time.
5	Beautiful decor. I walked in and it didn't feel like a "spa" or "salon." Their waiting room felt like an upscale living room furnished with vintage looking everything. Their bathroom was even amazing. It has lotions, wipes, even tampons! The receptionist even offered me lemon water that they serve in cute mason jars. Finding the location was a challenge though. I've never been to Tivoli VIllage since it's quite a drive from my place. I called them to let them know that I was running a little late for my appointment since I was having difficulty finding their location. Thankfully, the receptionist didn't hesitate to guide me through and help me locate where exactly they are. So right next to Brio, there's this place called Market LV. Enter through there and walk past the deli and right up the staircase. Once you reach the top, turn right, and they should be on the left looking really brown (in a good way). Like I said, waiting isn't horrible here since the whole place was just gorgeous to look at. Plus the windows had a nice view. I forgot the name of my waxer, but she's the pretty lady with blonde hair. (Edit: Maybe it was Ashley?) She was very friendly and didn't mind talking to me since talking distracts me from the whole thing. All I can say is WOW! I've been waxed before in several places and I've never had this result. It's just simply amazing! I barely felt any pain and it was completely smooth and hairless! She did not rush through the whole thing and was very thorough. I understand the appeal of "15 minute waxing" at other places but that also leaves the flaw of having patches here and there. $65 for a Brazilian is not bad, and with this kind of service I would LOVE to come back!
5	I have been getting Brazilian waxing for years and let me say this place is AMAZING! After moving to Vegas I have been trying to find the perfect wax. I couple of ok experiences but blah.. I found this place on Yelp and decided to try it. From when you walk in its like nothing else. Beautiful environment. Bree greeted me at the door. Asked if I needed anything.Once I was in the waxing room they gave me a personal cleaning cloth! So cute! Then the waxing started. She used 2 different types of wax to get the best for each different part. Yes this can be painful but Bree made it pleasant. After everything was over they give you take home care for free! It's wonderful how you not only get the correct product in the salon but the after care! This experience was priceless and I will ONLY use Bree from now on!
5	Bre I love the new location at Tivoli Square. Parking is always available. The location space is much larger and the Art you brig to the Center is amazing. Thank you Courtney for calling with my reminder appointments and giving awesome directions. Great location, Great team.Military Friendly!!!
5	I'm still forever a lover of Box!I'm a regular- in here every 3-4 weeks.  They recently moved to Tivoli Village (in the LV market, on the second floor) and it's super cute in their new space!  I loved their other location and Bre and team did it again in this new location.Super comfortable, trendy and just plain cool :)Ashley is my go-to as she always does a fabulous job!  Courtney at the front is always welcoming and full of smiles.Box is terrific- thanks for keeping me hair free!
5	In April of this year, my wife and I both made our first trip to BOX, but it definitely won't be our last!  In fact, we were so impressed that we have already made our appointments for the short vacation we're going to take in Las Vegas at the end of this month!  What I think was most impressive was the professionalism of the staff and the way they made what is a decidedly daunting procedure (for a guy) into an experience that was practically pain-free.  Looking forward to our upcoming visit!
5	I went to Box for about 5 years I think and it was a great place to have all things waxing done.  I even recruited my wife from her waxing salon.  Bree was always professional, quick and detail oriented.  I wish we were still living there so I could continue patronizing this great establishment.  It is very clean and inviting which is good when you are rolling in there for some "personal" services.I like how up front they are about their services offered.  As a guy it is pretty awkward asking about services they have.  The reason I went in the first time was their clever add that said they wax, chest, backs, sack, and cracks.  Sold, very friendly environment.
5	We recently moved back to the area since my last review and thought I would leave an update.  The new location is really nice and the rooms are comfortable and clean.  When I found out we were moving back I made sure to call Bree only to find out she is living and working primarily at the new location in CA but happened to be there that day.  She returned my call and we talked for a while catching up, she told me I would taken care of with the new staff which have been great so far. I have been in a coupld of times to see Twee (sp?) and she is really good.  The best part is, prices are still about the same after several years.
