1	So, they just opened, we went to try it out. We sat in the bar area at this table with a long wooden bench that was not very comfortable. They had four really nice looking booths, but they were already occupied, the rest of the tables were in the bar and were mismatched and didn't look very comfortable. We sat and waited and waited and waited. We saw two servers talk and discuss who was going to take our table and yet no one came over or even acknowledged us with a smile or anything. Another couple came in and sat down and they got menus at least from a less than friendly server. After waiting almost 8 minutes w/no acknowledgement, we got up and left. With this kind of service, I don't know why they even bothered opening. There are too many good restaurants in Las Vegas to waste our time and money to be ignored. This was a disappointment since we have been looking forward to this place re-opening since we live just up the road and we used to go there a lot when it was the Outside Inn :(
3	4 stars for service, 3.5 stars for food, 2.5 stars for interior/ambience (but only because there's no non-smoking section)We ordered the salt crusted potatoes and fried pickles to start. The fried pickles were awesome! The server said the chef makes the pickles in house, which was impressive. I have to admit that the salt crusted potatoes didn't look very appetizing, but with the dipping sauce, they were better than expected.My husband got the short rib Philly, which he enjoyed. I got the hanger steak sandwich. I ordered it med well (yes, I know I should've gotten it med or med rare but I can't eat undercooked beef) and it was verrrry tough. But the flavor was excellent! The server also brought out house-made ranch for our fries which was great!The interior space is mostly taken up by a large bar and there are a lot of TVs, if you're a sports fan. There are a few booths and a handful of tables, but the tables had ashtrays on all of them, which makes me think there's no non-smoking section :(. Luckily there weren't any smokers near us.
1	Meh. Menu is a bit too much for a "sports bar" it's a beautiful place and it's a fun place to be but the food is a complete let down. The chef is supposedly from Bouchon in the Venetian but it doesn't show. Gnocchi was gummy and bland. The garlic shrimp were muddy, over cooked on the outside and partially raw on the inside. The pig ears were a step away from jerky treats from petsmart and the manager staff was drinking at the bar during service hours. The chef has a big head and needs to be knocked down a bit or replaced. Gotta say tho, the pork rinds were the best thing we had...beside the beer. The beer Mac and cheese wasn't bad either. This place still needs a lot of work and prices need to be kicked down. I recommend eating somewhere else before coming here to catch the game. Unless the kitchen gets their stuff together and realize that this place is a sports bar in a residential area...it's not going to last 4 months. Not to mention there are only two girls behind the bar that actually give a damn, the rest are useless. The pregnant blonde and the tall skinny brunette are awesome though. And the owner is pretty hands on and really nice, he's there all the time. All in all...We all want Outside Inn back.
2	Went here with a few friends because it's right down the street from our house, we frequented The Lodge before it was this place.We got a table next to the bar and waited patently for our server, about 15 minutes later a waitress  slowly came over and handed us menu's. She was very nice and polite and pointed out their draft beers which we ordered 2 pitchers. We had one friend that wasn't drinking and he was promptly brought water. The beers on the other hand, took about 8-10 minutes. When we got the pitcher it was half foam, we were pretty disappointed. So we poured our drinks and waited for our server to come back. We asked about the foam and she said we were going to get (1) free beer.. Which was brought also extremely foamy. We ordered, and everything was extremely over priced. (In my opinion) and they weren't serving desert at 10. I enjoyed my steak sandwich, but my buddies didn't enjoy what they ordered. They only offer wings in increments of 4. The wings were pretty good.The atmosphere was nice. Great music and all the local sports on the TV. After we ate; we played darts, which was fun.Overall this is a fun place to go and have a beer. I wouldn't recommend the food due to the price.Only giving two stars instead of one due to our waitress being extremely polite and helpful. (The beer foam was not her fault)
2	I had so hoped this bar would be awesome because it's less than a mile from my house, and I've been looking forward to making it my go to neighborhood bar. After months and months of waiting for them to finally finish renovating, both the food and service were a disappointment - and I didn't even walk in expecting much. There was no online menu, but since all the other reviews commented on how the food really didn't match a sports bar, I thought it could be really good.  An overly ambitious sous chef who came from Bouchon sounded promising as hell.  I was impressed when we walked in and saw that the daily taco was duck confit with chorizo, and only $4 for 2!  Unfortunately, execution on everything we ordered was kind of a fail. Duck confit is almost always good, but I wouldn't have known that was chorizo if it hadn't said so on the board - assuming it's house made, and the spices weren't there at all. There was also so much creme fraiche that it overwhelmed everything else. I would maybe order it again, but more because it's so cheap than for flavor.Potato skins are pretty standard bar food, but they tried to fancy it up with fried croquettes, that I assumed would be potato, but ended up containing liquid cheese with fatty bits of bacon in it. The potato skins were burnt and the portion was ridiculous - it really was 1 potato skin (1/2 a potato) cut into 3 strips. It was a typical potato skin, nothing special and for $7 I wouldn't suggest ordering it. I also have no idea why it's called potato "skins" on the menu - because it's actually a singular skin, not plural? Duck confit pizza (which actually should be "pizza") was in reality a flat bread - they could argue that it was an extremely thin crust pizza, but that would be a bs. There's a fair amount of duck, lots of goat cheese, chopped dates, a really sweet mostardo (like fruit chutney) and a couple things that weren't mentioned - huge dried apricots and dried whole chilis. This was an ok dish. The chilis and savory balanced out the sweetness somewhat, but not enough. I like heat, but it really also needs to be mentioned in the description that the whole chilis are on there. We were told that "everybody loves" this dish, but I wouldn't order it again. Deviled eggs were good, but can you even screw that up? Maybe with too much salt. But that was very good and only 50cents each. Service was friendly from 1 girl, but I think the pregnant bartender just looked like she wanted to go home, which she did later as she just left without closing out our bill, or bothering to say anything. We were at the bar but ignored the majority of the time. After trying to flag down someone to pay the bill for 10 minutes, we had to get up and give it to them at the other end of the bar. They refilled my friend's water constantly, and my drink was cheap only $6 and pretty strong. Those were probably the only positives of the night. And they have lots of big TV's, so this bar will be good for games. But since I don't watch sports I likely won't be coming back.
2	I've never heard of this place, but am always on the look out for hidden gems in town. Unfortunately, although this place may be hidden, it is not a gem.My friend and I decided to order and share a few items from the menu. We got the duck confit tacos, which were a daily special, deviled eggs, duck confit pizza and potato skins with croquettes.None of the food we ordered was amazing but I did enjoy aspects of each dish. The duck in the pizza and tacos was really good, but the other items in each dish left a lot to be desired. The tacos needed a little more flavor. The tortillas were a little dry and the tomato and creme fraiche were bland. The pizza, which was more of a flatbread, was good but overly sweet. My dining companion came across lots of chiles on her slices but none of mine had any of that. The goat cheese added a nice savory flavor, but the fruit definitely overpowered this dish.  The deviled eggs were good, but very basic. I would recommend these at 50 cents each. The potato skins, which was basically half a potato cut into there measly slices served with three sad little cheese croquettes. These were the least appetizing of everything we ordered. Drippy and watery cheese inside a fried ball. I would not recommend this dish in the least. Service was ok at first but once it was time to settle our bill, it took forever for someone to pay any attention to us at all. It was even more annoying given the fact that we were sitting at the bar. The menu is ambitious, but lacks in execution. This would be a great bar to enjoy watching a game or fight, but I don't think I would have much reason to return.
5	After a long anticipated wait for this place to open, I finally got to go for a lunch and a late night bite. Very friendly and cool staff. Very clean and inviting sports atmosphere. I loved it. Food was great. Unlike all of the crappy subpar bar food in Vegas, this is actually worth spending the extra couple of bucks for. It is quality. Had the kale salad, yes a sports bar with kale salad....and I will be back just to order it again. Also had the goat cheese pepper, very tasty and found myself scraping my plate clean. I don't understand the naysayers on yelp about this place. I guess those are the yelpers that just always complain and use yelp as the forum to do so. Shame on you all. My opinion, if you have a legit complaint, bring it to the attention of your server, bartender, or manager and give them the chance to make you happy. Otherwise if you don't, it's your own fault. They've only been open a week. This place is good and is a local place that I plan on spending lots of good times in. Cheers!
3	I have to give it three stars because while my food was amazing, my girlfriend's food was awful.The decor of the place is pretty cool and from our vantage point sitting in one of I think 5 booths, I could see at least 7 TVs, all playing different sports channels.  We sat down and the waitress came over and brought us menus and asked what we wanted to drink.  Now even though it was a holiday, Easter, we decided not to be day drinking at 11 am.  So we both got orange juice.Looking over the menu, the choices are not very extensive, but from viewpoint, as long as the food is good, who cares how many selections they have?  I decided on the French toast which they described as being done bread pudding style.  I didn't know what that meant, but since I know I like bread pudding, it sounded like I would enjoy it.  My girlfriend ordered the breakfast sandwich with sausage.For being a Sunday morning and we were one of 8 or 9 customers, the food took a little longer than expected.  When it arrived, I was pleased with how mine looked and smelled and after the first bite, I was very impressed.  Definitely try the French toast if you go.My girlfriend's sandwich and the hash browns that accompanied it were definitely not as appealing.  The bun for the sandwich was either very old, or the toasting process made it stale.  Either way, it was terrible.  The hash browns also were very flat.  And by very, I mean they may have stood 1/2 inch off the plate.So overall, I'd return, but my girlfriend may not.  Might as well try something new and see how you like it!
5	I have been here twice on the first week. I really enjoyed it. It was a nice departure from masses of greasy food you can expect in a lot of the other bars around. The wings were great but could have done with maybe 6. The pork belly was fantastic. Deviled eggs were tasty and a $.50 a pop they were good value.The duck pizza was tasty too.There are one or two kinks but this place has only been open a couple of weeks. Will definitely be back.The service was extremely friendly on both occasions.The booths for NFL Sunday will be great.Although there is not a no smoking area I didn't find the bar smokey. We had our daughter with us so would have bailed if it was smokey and it wasn't at all.I am not sure where all the negativity is coming from but what I will say is, the lovers of the Outside Inn were obviously not going enough because it went out of business right?
5	We have been there several times since it opened.  Every time we have gone it has been outstanding.  We have had almost everything on the menu.  I have to say our favorite thing is the wings.  There is no where in town where they have better wings.  The steak sandwich is amazing along with the pork belly appetizer.  The service has always been spot on.  They are friendly and quick to make you feel at home.  If you want better quality of food while enjoying the game, this is where to go.  It is worth the extra money.  The food is great and the service is good.
5	Great food and great service. Fun and friendly environment. Tons of flat screens with all the games. Sporting life bar is the breath of fresh air that the local bar scene is missing!
4	I was excited when the place opened.   If you love all that is sport you will love the place.  Not a bad seat in the house.  They have a ton of really nice flat screen tvs.  The decor is clean and inviting.  Yes - A bit bright.  I'm sure that can be fixed.  I thought having a live betting odds board was a cool touch.  I enjoy sports gambling and knowing the latest information while I watch the games is cool...especially for not being in a casino.   I love football and can't wait to see what the place does for the games.Personally I think the food is a breath of fresh air!  I think the menu has classic "bar" food everyone knows and loves.  Create your own burger, nachos, potato skins, wings, french fries, (which you can get loaded) and two types of steak sandwiches.  They offer things you don't see on traditional bar food menus as well.  Hello Pork Belly? .50 cent deviled eggs?  Personally I like duck and glad to see you can get 2 duck tacos for $4The wings are super delicious.  You get 4 WHOLE wings.  Which for those that may not understand 1 "Wing" includes a wing, drum, and flapper.  I was told the wings are confit in duck fat then fried crispy.  The meat literally falls off the bone and the skin was crisp!  I used to live on the east coast (Jersey) and I saw they are making Scrapple.  That is something I've not seen in years.  I can't wait to try the Scrapple when I go for breakfast.  I guess if you want the boring everyday pub food you eat at PTs there is one on every corner right?   I'm giving the place 4 our of 5 stars. Mostly because yes, it was a bit bright for a video poker bar. The AC was blasting and it was a bit cold and the men's room smelled "perfumy" which I guess is better than the alternative.  The bar service was outstanding.  There was a bald guy behind the bar who was attentive and had a sense of humor.   The other bartender was super nice and had a great smile.  They both seemed down to earth and friendly.  We didn't sit at a table or interact with the other servers.  I for sure will go back again.
2	on the 20th, someone mentioned on facebook that there were bad reviews on yelp. since then, there have been nothing but glowing 4 and 5 star reviews. think the owners got their friends to pump them up. I do. c'mon yelp. I was there. not impressed. menu is way too ambitious for a sports bar. some people may like that. I don't. overpriced and off the wall menu. maybe that's why they won't post it on their website. owners need to make up their minds. do they want to be a neighborhood sports bar like they claim, or do they want to be an upscale, overpriced, overrated bistro gastro pub in a neighborhood location. if I want to get ripped off I can go to the strip. i'm looking for a true neighborhood pub. hope they go in that direction.
2	For a place that's trying to be a sports bar, their set up is all wrong. They have a ticker, which is a cool idea but what's the point when you can only see it from one small section of the bar? There are two rows of big tvs that go around the bar, unfortunately if you're sitting at the bar you have to strain your neck to see the top row of tvs. They should have angled the top row down so you can actually view them. As for their food, the items I've tried I've enjoyed. The short rib is pretty great and the duck confit pizza was decent, nothing too exciting.
5	I've been here three times already and I will probably continue to come back here. The location is a great spot for me. I can even walk from my house to get here. The bar is set up very nicely. I love the tiered TVs surrounding the bar. I don't really think there's a bad seat if you want to watch a game. The service was good. The staff was friendly and courteous and prompt. The beer selection was good and priced fine. I do like the food here too. So far I've had the Chicago dog and the pork sandwich, both of which were very good. I know where I will be on Sundays come the start of football season!
5	Oh Sporting Life Bar, how I love thee.  Those pickle chips are something I just can't live without.I've been here many times since the opening.  Note that the lighting situation has been rectified and is much better.Short version - Food is phenomenal.  Nearly everything is made in house (bread, pickles, sauces, etc).  Another place where I've never had a visitor be disappointed.  They are all in disbelief that you don't pay strip prices for such great food/drinks and atmosphere.Pros:Clean and modern. A zillion TVs.  An upstairs room that (for no extra charge) would be perfect for Fantasy Football draft parties amongst other events.  Awesome sports scoreboard/odds ticker.  Affable and competent bar staff (thank you Mouy, Mailman Mike, Doogie, Scooter, Mia, and anyone else I've missed).  Good beer/liquor selection and reasonable prices.  Nice patrons.Purse hooks under the bar AND a few non-gaming bar seats.  Sometimes I like to be at the bar and I appreciate a non-gaming seat.   This place also has a great filtration system.  Never smells smokey.The food...   Generally I'm a meat and potatoes kind of gal.  Not terribly adventurous... until I tried the food here.  I've had about 70% of the menu and not only has the food been consistently fantastic, each item is mind-blowingly good on its own or in concert with the other items.   I can't believe that I don't have to drive to the strip or pay strip prices.  There's something for everyone on this menu.  If you want standard wings and burgers, Hooters is right up the street or you can hit a PT's or Putters.  If you want quality, you come here.   Chef Daniel's menu is adventurous and such a welcome change. Don't let the other reviews fool you; the standards are also on the menu (wings, burgers, chicken sandwich, etc) and can be prepared to your liking.  The difference is the quality and attention to detail.  You can play it safe or try something different without breaking the bank or dressing up!My favorite items:Pickle chips (my addiction)Salt crusted potatoes (tiny potatoes and a cheese dipping sauce!)Duck Confit pizzaShort Rib pizza Tomato BreadPork Rinds and Pig Ears Pork Belly w/pollenta (first time I've ever had pork belly... and I like it!)Marinated Skirt Steak (ohhhhh so tasty)Kale salad Bread Pudding w/Salted Carmel Ice CreamFried Ice CreamCalamari and Mango tacos (daily special)
2	The 2 stars are because it is close to home. The food tasted frozen and microwaved. It was dry and lacking flavor other than salt and a heaping mass of goat cheese to mask their poor excuse of a fancy gourmet salad. The bartender and waitress although friendly were unattentive. The lighting/atmosphere caters to single 40+ year olds with a gambeling problem and no life. Management disrespected /embarrassed the bartender in front of guests....unprofessional! We will never go back and will tell our friends as well..wait staff get out while you can!
5	Heard a lot about this place and I was highly satisfied!!! We ordered the Deviled Eggs and Wings to start and let me say this, they both we fantastic.  Wings are the best wings I've ever had in this city. We got all the different styles of sauces on the side and loved them all.  If you're looking for an Asian infused type, then get those for the wings other than that any way you get them, they're tasty and served to perfection.  For entrees we ordered the Portobello Mushroom Sandwich which was huge compared to what I imagined it. Full of flavor and the pesto sauce that comes on it is delicious. We also got the chicken sandwich and that is amazing. It was served with a sunny side up egg and once you bite into it, the yolk pops and gets soaked but by that wonderful homemade brioche bun. Tasty and so yummy. We got French fries and house field greens salad as our sides and got the best homemade French fries, non that you can get anywhere. Plus the house field greens and homemade vinaigrette goes so well with that portobello mushroom sandwich. This ain't no typical sports bar and lounge type of food, it's in a caliber like no other. You will never find a place like this here in Vegas. It's clean, great atmosphere, friendly wait staff, great bar and great management team.  I got to meet one of the owners there Scooter and he was absolutely friendly and personable with us as we had dinner.  He checked in and see how things were going and we let him know!! Troy was an awesome server and local boy from Hawaii.  He loves serving his guest and has passion behind that. He definitely shared with us the "aloha" spirit.  Thank you gentlemen for making our first visit there a memorable one.  Highly recommend and let me tell you don't listen to those people who are so anal about certain places and try to compare them to others.  It's unique, different and something's people can't take.  Change is great and this place really changes your aspect and outlook on your so called "sports bar." Thank you again Troy and Scooter, we will be back!!!
2	I REALLY wanted this place to be good, I was a regular at Outside Inn and I've been waiting for this place to open back up.  My girlfriend and I have been here 4 times and the visits have gotten worse every time. The first time we came was for breakfast one morning and it was excellent.  The only thing I disliked was the Mac and Cheese small plate ($6 or $7) was maybe 3 bites. It was advertised as small plate so I can't really complain and has since been moved off the small plate menu so maybe its a little big bigger now.  The hashbrowns were excellent and the bacon and toast tasted great. The girlfriend ordered the strip steak sandwich and said it was fantastic.The second time we came here, the eggs were runny and the hashbrowns were not nearly as good before but still decent, can't expect the same cook to work every day. The problem we had was with the waitress.  She brought out eggs we didn't order but we said its fine, we'll eat them. When the check came, the eggs were on there which was expected, but so were an extra order of hash browns which we didn't order nor receive.  It took a few minutes to explain to her that hash browns CAME with our order and she was double charging us.The third time was late on a saturday night.  Eggs were runny again and the hash browns were terrible and tasted like burnt french fries. On the fourth visit it was for dinner so we decided to venture towards real food instead of the steadily declining breakfast food.  I ordered the Philly Steak Sandwich ($11ish) and she ordered some sort of salmon dish (I think it was $19).  My Philly was the 2nd worst one I've ever eaten (coincidentally the worst is right behind it at Prima Pizza), and I've had Cheese Steaks from easily over 100 restaurants and bars. Her $19 salmon plate came out and she commented that it was the tiniest salmon shes ever seen.  I told her its probably really good then for the price, she took two bites and didn't want to eat it anymore because it was burnt and oversalted.  I had to force her to finish it so it didn't go to waste.Every time we come she orders the deviled eggs and loves them.  I would recommend only going here if its before noon and only getting breakfast and just expect the eggs to be runny and you'll be happy with your visit.
5	Best graveyard bartender in Las Vegas. Great for winning,  and celebrating. Great beers, amaze foods. Eat bread pudding. Or order duck ... Yes duck at a gaming bar. Make your gaming worth while. And get real. Say hi to Jason because he rocks. Get ready to have fun. And if you are lucky I'll be here picking the tunes. :)
5	Hidden gem in south Vegas. They have Estrella Damm beer and outstanding food. Great place to hang out and watch sports. It is a magisterial place. Check it out!
4	Most sports bars offer chicken wings and sliders, bar top gaming, and the ubiquitous Golden Tee machine.  But how many of them offer braised pork belly served on top of house made polenta, or a braised beef short rib Philly sandwich?  Sporting Life Bar has taken a sort of casual gastropub approach, where both the food and beer selection is of much higher quality than your typical neighborhood bar, but the pricing sits far below your typical menu at self proclaimed gastropubs.I was admittedly hesitant to eat here based on some previous reviews, but either I have wildly different taste in food, or maybe the kitchen has gone through some recent changes for the better.  Deviled Eggs were basic, but at only $0.50 per egg, it makes for a cheap snack that comes out fast.  The Braised Pork Belly with Polenta was a winner, nice and tender with a sweet glaze that had me wondering if I should get another order.  I also tried a daily special, Korean style short ribs served with house made kimchi.  The ribs had a good kalbi flavor, and they were quite tender.  Trying to take one bite meant having all of the meat fall of the bone effortlessly.Beer selection here is good, with Brooklyn Lager, Ballast Point, Ommegang and Green flash being offered on draft.  Drafts I've had ranged from $4-$6; not too bad.  Bottle selection is decent too, including Deschutes, Kona, Dogfish Head, Duvel and Stone.  You can also get a flight of three beers for $10.  How many sports bars do that?Outside of food and drink, they also have a Tuesday night pub quiz that starts at 7:00pm.  On Wednesday nights they have two rounds of darts tournaments, at 7:30pm and 12:30am.  I haven't been to either event, but the main reason I first came here was to play darts, and they are serious about it.  An entire wall lined with cork holds four steel tip dart boards, and the throwing line is built into the floor; it's not just a strip of tape on the ground.  House darts are of better quality than at other bars, but it seems that most people who come here to play bring their own dart sets; again, people are serious about it here, and it's a cool spot that caters to it.While not located in my neighborhood, the combination of good food, good beer, and good darts has easily made this a locals bar that is worth driving to.  Not only is this a sports bar that the southwest deserves, it's one that it needs.  Proof that a bar does not need to be a generic, cookie cutter chain that starts with a P and end with a T.
4	For anyone who has wished for great quality at local pricing this place has struck nirvana. When you have the head chef and sous chef of arguably the best French restaurant in Las Vegas "bouchon"  taking  over the daily kitchen operations at this great sports bar, in my opinion we have now finally hit the first great gastropub of Las Vegas. If there is any downfall which I am really picking right now, is the amount of time it took staff to see me at the table but in their defense I was by myself and I do not drink. Chef Dan is truly doing magical food at this establishment and for anyone not to go in is just doing a disservice to themselves for this remarkable gastropub on South Jones
4	Huge bar with good beer selection. 24 hour food available. TVs everywhere so you always have a good view. Got to try the deviled eggs! I think they are 50 cents and they are bomb! Always open and always serving good drinks and food. What more can you ask of a sports bar?!
2	Where do I begin?  I really, really want to love this place but it's hard to!  The food is ok, I had the chicken wings but they were a bit overcooked not juicy and the sauce needs a bit of work.  I think the biggest complaint I have here is probably the service.  It takes a long time to get a drink and even longer to get a refill, plus the staff behind the bar needs help!!  Let me be clear, this is Vegas and never do I ever, EVER want to have a pregnant woman serving me drinks.  They've put a lot of work into this business, if they put as much effort into properly staffing this place it might work.
4	This bar has a ton of potential.   The tv's are plenty and large.  The craft beer list is quite impressive as well.  We ordered the Bavarian pretzel and I must say for 9 dollars it was better than the pretzels I had at hofbrahaus.  I also liked that they had wolf run as a slot option on a few of the machines.  The concept is great, I just feel they need a happy hour or lunch specials.  Something to get people to go during the day.  When we went at 1pm there were maybe two other people there.  I hope the bar succeeds because the staff was very friendly.  Wouldn't recommend for a young crowd looking for eye candy but a very nice place to get a good appetizer grab a craft beer and watch any game.
5	Delicious food! Friendly service! Not your average bar food. Been here for lunch numerous times and finally taking the time to review. The green chile pork nachos are amazing! Portions are huge so sharing is caring. Lunch service is quick and their specials are perfect! This is definitely a weekly spot for me. I would love to check it during a football game because the atmosphere is great for games. Must try!
3	Worse burger I've ever had. I was better off going to mcdonalds. Didn't have any flavor what so ever and the fries were under cooked and also needed flavor. I had the fried Oreos as a dessert and those were yummy. Drinks were a reasonable price and the environment and settings were nice. I really liked the way the bathroom looked, weird I know but as a girl, that matters.
1	The food is overpriced and not worth it and it's not a gaming bar. Can't usually find an open chair because non-gamers take them to watch tv, and there's no promotion for slot play. Seems like they could care less about your business.
4	The initial visit: A friend had listed off establishments that had steel tipped dart boards. We came and had a few beers and played darts for hours.The return visit: A  Generated a love for $14-$20 pitchers of beers, a menu that draws from French to Asian cuisines, and a friendly staff. Yes, they still have the classic bar items, yet some have a new face. The grilled portobello mushroom burger is my go to meal. The large and tender cap is big enough for the perfect bite each time. With a generous amount of their pesto spread and the substitution of avocado instead of mozzarella makes for my perfect sandwich. Especially since they make their own breads and buns. This one comes on a soft pretzel bun. The pig ears and pork rinds are my guilty pleasure. I can pretend to eat healthy. I'll grab the flowering kale salad or my preferred burger, but somehow my drunk self always goes back to this crispy, salty snack. The downside: I am not the biggest fan of their liquor selections and I want a shuffleboard table.The continuing draw: Tuesday night pub quizzes and what got me to return.
3	So I started coming here when I moved into the neighborhood. I usually have great experiences. However, the last time I was here during "late night", the bartender was horrible. Everyone else is great, but this is the second time I've had to deal with this guy who clearly hates his job. I wish I could remember his name, but he's the worst. Our burger took forever to come out, and when it did, the bun was burnt. I can usually get over shitty food if the service was good, but he didn't seem to care at all one way or the other. Put this guy out of his misery! Taller, stocky white guy with a bald head. I'd like to say I'll get his name next time I go in. Buy I make it a point now not to come here after 11.
5	This place was recommend to us by a friend and we stopped by on our last day of vacation. The food is amazing. Not your typical bar food at all. We had a few of the 50cent deviled eggs, short rib flatbread, and a portobello mushroom burger. All excellent. We talked to the chef who said they make everything from scratch.
5	This place has the best "bar" food I have ever had! Great for lunch or dinner. Also nice to be able to play on some quality dart boards!
4	I've driven past this place a billion times and just thought it was another generic neighborhood bar, until i decided to stop in a couple of weeks ago! let me just say.. this place is awesome! awesome service to say #1.. every single bartender and barback that i've come to contact with has been so friendly and hospitable! jason is great!! i even stopped in by myself to watch the panthers game last sunday. although i was the only panthers fan in the building, i felt at home :) there are tons of TVs to watch all games. the food is pretty awesome! deviled eggs are a definite must get! they also have darts and a private room upstairs for special events and games. this is my new spot in town! glad i finally discovered it :)
4	It's been a gathering place for my friends and each time they're around here, I tend to miss it or bow out. I almost did again because I had friends in town, but we also had a birthday going on.It's a neighborhood bar in location and feel, but it's the little details that make it. It's one of the few places with multiple dart boards. I also don't like those plastic divet kinds with the safety tips and prefer cork board and metal tips. Theres also a pinball machine and golden tee if darts aint your thing. The food is more comfort food, with a twist. More gastropub style than average bar with offerings like duck confit on the menu...it was not what I expected to see. I only took bites of friends orders, but the food seemed decent. There were some hits and some misses discussed among the group, but I didn't follow as I was swimming in food from having dinner prior to coming.There seems to be sweet specials. At this time there were drink and $5 meal specials for football. There is also a happy hour 4-6 Mon- Fri and lunch specials before 2pm. It seems you can come out of here well fed and libationed up and entertained with darts for pretty cheap. The fiance got a Ballast Point off tap and one of the football meal specials, brat with fries for under $10. I think that I would come back. Its quiet enough if you want to be left alone yet spacious enough that if we were being a bit chatty, we're not bothering anyone at the darts area.
4	The environment here is a step above those of say a PT's or similar bar, which is one of the main draws of hanging out here. I've probably stopped in here a good 10 times or so now because it's so close to my house, but more often for trivia and food than drinking. The food here is a bit of a hit or miss. At one end is the special menu short ribs with kimchee and rice which is absolutely delicious and a full meal. At the other end is an average at best chicken sandwich. Again on the plus side, they have some good fries and a large variety of appetizers, some of which are better than others. Skins and balls, despite the somewhat crude name, is a must-try. The pork belly can vary in quality, while the steak is a salty but tasty treat.My main wish here is that they'd have some more extensive happy hours. They have a late night midnight-2am happy hour on a random selection on food, such as the skirt steak appetizer which is 5 instead of the normal 10 dollars.As for the drinks, they have an excellent selection of draft beers, though we have on multiple occasions been informed that they had run out of this or that. Prices are reasonable, but not as cheap as a lot of dive bars. My friends have unfortunately not really enjoyed their mixed drinks as much.Another plus is they have a nice dart board area which is far nicer than most establishments. They even have some real weighted darts to throw, though they're worn and the flights are often iffy at best. Still, if you have your own darts, it's a nice place to play.Last but not least, the trivia night here is not as strong as other locations, but is a nice little fun activity anyways. Some of the questions are a little too out there, and it'd be better to have a handful more easy ones to go along with the difficult ones. So I'd rather have like 25 questions than 15 with a better pacing and more difficulty variance.Anyway, this is going to be one of my main go-to bars for both sports (they have a ton of well positioned big screens) as well as just to hang out.
5	I have had a fantastic meal here plenty of times.  I just met the chef dan tonight and he definitely knows his food.  My favorite meal is the braised short rib but all of their food is excellent.  They have deviled egg as drizzled with olive oil and topped with fried capers which are worth a try.  They also have a flatbread here topped with braised short rib, blue cheese and Caramelized onions which is good.
2	Good food, Shitty service.
5	Great bar food with drink specials. Not crowded and my new spot to watch games if my Panthers aren't on TV.
3	I give this place credit for trying have a better menu than most loser bars but it may prove to be a bit over ambitious for the late night chefs to execute perfectly.. I've had the chicken sandwich 3 times.. And it's been good twice.. The pizzas or flatbreads have been a miss for me.. The short rib philly wasn't too good.. Pork belly good, hummus no.. Deviled eggs aight.. Potato skins um ok I guess...
4	A Sports Bar for foodies?...certainly the best I've experienced in Vegas.  Sporting Life Bar is not a Gastro Pub, it is a non-ashamed Sports Bar with big screens, game-time specials, video gaming and a well-lit area for darts.  But where most sports bars stop, SLB takes over and delivers food selections that keep food-focused individuals coming back.Food items that stand out include:Pork Belly - braised pork belly served over creamy Portabello Mushroom SandwichShort Rib PhillyShort Rib Flatbread - Their flatbreads are actual flatbreads though, not an oblong shaped pizza that you would get at most places these days.  Expect the thin flatbread to be thin and crispy...in the cracker vein. SLB has many standard sports bar items like nachos, burgers and sandwiches as well.  Also try a Deviled Egg for $.50--nothing to come in specifically for, but certainly better than the ones that came to your last potluck. Draft selections are not the best around, but are certainly sufficient with Firestone Walker Union Jack IPA, Green Flash Hop Head, Brooklyn Lager, Weihenstephaner Hefe, Deschutes Black Butte Porter, Joseph James Hop Box, and Teneya Creek Nut Brown on the list.
2	Nice place,  good service,  they have this awesome frequent dining app that gives you rewards after a few visits,  good menu that departs from the usual tired bar menu of wings burgers and chips.  One major flaw for me is their ventilation system,  there is so much cigarette smoke in there it feels like its the 80's. If you are a smoker then you're in heaven but if you're not a smoker then be prepared to come out smelling like an ashtray. There are levels of cigarette smoke in different bars but this one takes 1st prize.  The  chances of coming back or recommending this place are very slim just because of the smoke.
5	My weekly NFL grounds - what am I doing disclosing my trade secrets?!This is a great neighborhood Sports Bar but they put out some pretty damm good food.  This isn't your typical joint.  They have Braised Pork Belly, Pan Roasted Trout, Crab Cakes (freshly made), and I can't get enough of their $5 PIzza made on their house made ciabatta.  They make all their beds fresh and everything here is elevated over and above your regular PT's or Dotty's spots.For game day special, they have several selections of apps for $5 or less and they have $1.50 PBR.   The TV setup is all in one spot so you don't have to turn your head and get neck pains.   And the service is phenomenal.   We always have Denise, a GIants G-Men fan.....poor Denise.....but no, she is awesome.   She'll take care of u - tell her Dave and Chee sent u.P.S. - It is pretty smokey in here for those sensitive but otherwise, everything else here is the sh1t.
4	Great sports bar, local hangout for Mizzou Alumni. They have poker machines at the bar, and a players club where you earn 100 points and get $20 in free play. Theres a private party room upstairs. Great service, but the food is just so-so. The pretzel bites tasted like a boxed frozen product and the cheese dip was curdled and runny, not good and would not recommend. The chicken tenders are tiny,  or a little, little! A bit overpriced for what you get. The dipping sauce was excellent though. PBR pints are 1.75 during college and NFL games. Overall, a cool place to watch a game.
1	Tried to love this place because I love the Seahawks and wanted a good Hawks bar to watch games but I will NOT be back!! Every time I have come, I have noticed the bar tenders having a lot of attitude and shitty customer service and the final straw was them bitching about a bunch of us PAYING CUSTOMERS requesting a game change on one of the TV's because it was an absolute blowout game. Not a one person requesting but everyone sitting on that side of the bar. Will not be back, I'd rather spend my money at a place with some good customer service.
3	Really nice place to watch the game. Lots of TVs and great atmosphere. One of the bartenders was good. The other one was quite tacky!  Take that pen out of your cleavage. Soooooo tacky.  Most of the clientele were great. Struck up conversation with a few people and they were great. Bartender/ manager need to tell some ( one) to stop the constant yelling. It made it very uncomfortable. We all love football Ms Brady fan, but we actually chose to go somewhere else because of your yelling.
2	If you are looking for a neighborhood bar, you might want to look elsewhere. Food is subpar, with weird concoctions that are better suited for a bistro and not a bar. Only thing we liked was the deviled eggs.Lots of TV'S bit the place is relatively bright which makes your strain your eyes. Service was slow, took forever for our waitress to take our order and longer to receive it.Probably won't be back.  I really miss the outside inn
4	I'm giving 4 stars because the staff was so nice. The food was fine. I ordered mushroom portebella sandwich. I wasn't crazy about it. It tasted very vinegary. My husband's chicken sandwich was delicious. Our french fries were a tad bit soggy but we ordered pick up instead of dining in so I'll blame it on that. We also had to try the beer mac 'n cheese, it was delicious,  not your typical macaroni dish. Very nice. Will be going back.
4	Super friendly! TVs from all angles. Good food. Good beer and other alcohol selection. Could be our local sporting venue.
4	Interesting menu items  (not your typical bar food), tasty though and plenty of TV'S which always make for a good game watch location
4	Cool atmosphere,  although the menu looks plain Jane when you receive your impression quickly changes once you read it. Don't even get me started once you start eating. The Asian chili wings are great.
4	Service, food presentation, content, and wines: comprehensive restaurant! 190eur for two, wine by the glass (cheaper bottle ...)
4	Items Selected:Warm Pretzel Bites - Beer Cheese DipCracklin Jacks - Pork Rinds, Chipotle-Honey Roasted PeanutsDuck Confit Flatbread - Medjool Dates, Goat Cheese, Sweet and Savory MoustardaBourbon Bread Pudding - Salted Caramel Ice CreamLocated on South Jones and long on my radar as a place to watch The Buckeyes it was finally for Saturday NFL action that I stopped in to The Sporting Life, and setting aside an early service gaff that left me entirely ignored for nearly ten minutes the subsequent hundred minutes and four plates passed during the course of a Panthers victory over Atlanta was a mix of the expected, impressive, and truly surprising.Open 24/7 with packages for all the major sports allowing them to cater to all varieties of interests, it was just after 3pm that I entered the windowless tavern and with Christmas decorations still lit juxtaposing a central bar plus a few rounded booths and several tables it was suggested I seat myself - a hightop in the back with views of NBA, NHL, and playoff football action in full display as servers dressed in Scarlet and Grey and Cleveland Browns polos made me feel right at home - the lack of an annoying bar-tunes soundtrack an added bonus, though I'm told it plays on other nights when trivia or darts crowds fill the room.Treated to complimentary WiFi while sticking to water as my drink of choice it was to a wide ranging menu of bar-food staples and intriguing upscale options that I focused my attention and opting to sample a little of each a four part order was crafted, the kitchen expedient while service improved dramatically after bonding over Ohio State's New Years Day win.Starting with competent $5 Happy Hour Pretzel bites paired with hoppy melted cheese served alongside a Cracker Jack-riffing composition of pork-rinds and peanuts that tasted every bit as ludicrous and decadent as it sounds it was at a deliberately slow pace that savored each bite and eventually finding the tilted bowl empty the second part of the order was sent out, a crisp flatbread somewhat uninspired in its lightly charred crust but exponentially upgraded by toppings that walked a fine line between sweet and savory, the confit surprisingly moist while well-chopped dates and poignant goat cheese each found a willing dance partner in acid forward moustarda far more nuanced than one would ever expect in a 'bar.'Admittedly biased in my love of desserts it was still to the server that I deferred when asking which sweet ending he thought was best and although it would have been ordered anyway his strong support of the bread pudding should not go without notice, the half-melted-on-arrival ice cream a bit of a turn off, but the texture and flavor of the amalgam of butter, caramel, and flan-soft brioche truly transcendent and on par with that at Truffles n' Bacon for the best of this style served in the valley.With 24/7 bars featuring video poker, cheap drinks, smoking, and weekday party games as much a staple of Las Vegas culture as the 24/7 diner is to that of The Big Apple it is more than a little impressive to see a place like Sporting Life willing to take chances with the menu and although not everything here is perfect, particularly the smell of smoke in the air, one would be hard pressed to name another place turning out a duck confit pizza at 6am - no less a top notch bread pudding available at all hours of the day.
