4	I absolutely love Mamma Mia's. The pizza here is awesome and the service is always friendly and speedy. We usually get several different slices to go and a salad for under ten bucks! This evening I went alone, and the guys let me exit through the back of the store so I didn't have to walk around to the back of the creepy dark building by myself (the parking lot is behind the building). How nice!
4	Thank GOD for Mamma Mia's new CenPho location!Sure living downtown we DO have the two best pizzaria's in town (Cibo and Bianco's) but neither of them deliver.  Leaving us (for the most part) stuck with the chains.  There are a few indie pizzeria's but none of them very good (IMHO) but finally Tony's Mamma Mia Pizza and Subs has filled that void.Not the best pizza but (IMHO) just the best pizza that you can get delivered to you door in CenPho.  The Crust is just right, the sauce pretty good and the pepperoni nice and spicy.Parking lot is in the back.  Lunch specials (two slices and a soda) for under $5 (blowing away Z Pizza in the bargain lunch category).
4	When I lived in the area, I loved getting an eggplant and artichoke-heart pie delivered, eating it slowly over the weekend. Pasta is so-so, lunch special is outrageous!Website is difficult to navigate, doesn't seem complete (at least they have a website, I guess)... No delivery area visible, and the staff simply responds with "Where are you located?" and "No," if you ask where they DO deliver. Apparently, they don't deliver to my new house, which seems really ridiculous, erm,  for geographical reasons... I guess it isn't a big surprise; they are only one (or two?) store(s).
4	Wow - good cheap basic pizza! My wife and I stopped yesterday for the $4, two slices and a soda special. We both had pepperoni and it was extremely tasty and filling.I'll definitely be back and If I worked nearby, I'd probably be a lunch regular.
4	tony and lupo ("like wolf, in italian") made my experience amazing before i even had a bite of the food. they were helpful, friendly and funny and even let us cut through the kitchen to get to my car, parked in the back lot. this makes me slightly biased... then again, i consider people to be an important part of the food experience. i promised tony and lupo i would post a review on yelp, so here goes!i was hungry like a wolf. woo, that was cheesy...kinda like the pizza... get it? cheese pizza? okay, i'll stop. i promise. :-) after going through the menu, tony urged us to try the stromboli, so we did. and boy, i'm glad we did. split between two people, it was just enough to make my tummy happy without feeling sick. at one point, it hit me that i had just bitten through pepperoni stacked about 10 slices high. yeah. a stack of pepperoni. and the dipping sauce was so good - tasted like it had fresh herbs and was just thick enough, with little chunks of tomato.i will definately be back for more food and conversation.
4	Mmmmmm Mamma Mia! So much has already been said already, but I still feel compelled to throw in my two cents worth... My ideal Friday night? A medium mushroom pie, extra crispy (which is still fold-able btw) with one of their huge antipasto salad. Regarding the salad, think less traditional antipasto and more like the ideal chef salad, with the perfect balance of meats, cheeses, sun dried tomatoes and pepperocinis. Oh just writing about this salad makes my mouth water! And when I say huge, it's really enough to make 3 to 4 decent sides or two ginorous meals! The staff is extraordinarily nice. One evening I called in an order rather late and they were tidying up in the back. They asked if I was there for a pick up and when I said I was, they had me come in through the back rather than walk around to the front by myself in the dark. It's those kind of touches that make this place feel very warm and homey. And the last time I was in, I finally inquired about their delivery area and was pleasantly surprised that I am just inside the borders - yeah me!!! Others have pretty much covered the range of the wonders contained in this small space, so let me just add that they are one of the participants in the restaurant.com program, so you can actually score some really cheap food here if you have a little pre-planning action going on. Although this location focuses on a pared down menu, all of the must haves are represented so if you haven't already given Mamma Mia's a try, you really must.
4	It was a dark and gloomy Sunday night in downtown Phoenix. It was 6:30 Pm. On any other day in this city the streets would be lit up with restaurants eagerly proclaiming "we're open! we're open! come on in! give us your money!" But not on Sundays. On Sundays everyone closes their doors and goes home. As invisible as magic, unicorns, and Mariah Carey's acting talent. It was Nathan's birthday, and Amanda B and I took it upon ourselves to devise a place suitable for a birthday dinner. You might as well have asked us to perform brain surgery with a screwdriver and a plunger."Two Hippies?""Closed.""That BBQ place you like?""Closed.""Um...there's a Pizza Hut---""Uh, no.""Sorry."Yeah. Guess which one I was in that exchange.Finally we came upon Mamma Mia's, and collectively griped at how we had forgotten our "freebie" chips from the Birthday pARTy. Thankfully, they were open, though you wouldn't have known it by the way the girl ushered us through the kitchen to the dining room.There are two types of people who order pizza. There are those who, when asked their preference, list all the toppings they like. And there are those who respond by listing all the things they don't like on pizza. With the latter option, everyone gathers around the menu and lists off what available toppings they wouldn't eat. Through the process of elimination, you pick from the available toppings and come with a democratically agreed upon pie.And that's how we decided on basil and fresh tomato slices. With a side order of meatballs."How many meatballs come in a side?" asked Nathan."Five.""That's perfect."At first I was skeptical. How is five perfect for a party of three people? Who taught you to do math, birthday boy? Big Brother?Thankfully I kept those thoughts to myself...I know, even I was impressed with myself.And I'm glad I did, because the meatballs were big, saucy and  spoonable, since our party of three only managed to get two sets of plastic silverware. I guess it's not just Nathan who's math is a little fubar'd.The pizza was rather superb. So superb that, even armed with only basil and tomatoes, it was enough to satiate a palette accustomed to deep dish pepperoni sausage with buffalo sauce and buffet breadsticks.This was like re-education for my taste buds, but without the hard labor and Chinese man screaming in my face about how awesome communism is.The question about whether my hair was real or not aside, the staff were  accommodating and friendly. If I ever find myself lost in the dark and lonely place that is downtown Phoenix on a Sunday after 6pm, I will definitely keep Mamma Mia's in mind. And I will remember my "freebie" chips. Dear Phoenix,This isn't Salt Lake City. Cut this Sunday nonsense out.Love,Me
4	A dark night in a city that knows how to keep its secrets. But on the 12th floor of the Acme building, one man is trying to find the answers to life's persistent questions: Guy Noir, Private Eye. (THEME) It was a night in November. November 23rd in fact. I remember the date because it was my birthday. The snow birds that had started to flock from their summer homes had long since retired for the evening and the godfearing people of Phoenix had closed shop. My two lovely companions and I were looking for a place to fill our bellies. Like moths to a flame we were attracted to a dim light coming from a dark parking lot. We exited the car."Are you going to Mama Mia's?"A beautiful petite girl with the kind of body men write home about stepped out of the shadows. I was going wherever she took me.We were led through the kind of kitchen you only see in mob movies. I wasn't going to ask what they put in the sausage.We stepped in and figured out our toppings. Trying to figure out toppings for one pizza between three people you may as well be figuring out cold fusion with a box of toothpicks and some masking tape. But with the plethora of options I felt like I had a bag of bananas in a monkey whore house and we narrowed it to basil and fresh tomato.The pizza was exactly what a tired and famished private eye like myself needed on a night like this.Man working  register- "Is that a wig?"Jetta-" Yeah its a wig."We left the pizza joint as happy as a twister in a trailer park.Jetta- "I am so getting a weave." (THEME MUSIC) A dark night in the city that knows how to keep its secrets, but a light shines on the 12th floor of the Acme Building -- Guy Noir, Private Eye?. (THEME UP AND OUT)
4	Never been in - but I get pizza delivered from them now and then. I am a New Yorker and to call me a pizza snob probably doesn't go far enough.The crust is crispy, thin, and foldable, the outside edges, crispy and bubbly. Great mozzarella. I have never been disappointed by a topping. A little greasy, as it should be; it reminds me of NY pizza, and that's a big compliment coming from me.We don't have a Ray's in Central Phoenix... but we do have Mamma Mia's. Yo! Tony! You make a good pizza.
4	Finding Mama Mia's Pizza was like finding a $10 bill in the gutter.  I felt so excited when I saw the pizzas they were making and how everyone was pulling steaming, cheesy goodness from their lips.  I dunno if they have Chicago style here, but the pizza I had was New York to a T. Or should I say NY...  I got 2 slices of the cheese pizza and a soda. the rest is history.It all started when I was hungry for some Hippies Burgers.  Unfortunately, it was December 26th and they were closed.  At first I was devestated, yet through the tears in my eyes, I managed to look up and see a sign for Mama Mia's.  I said "What the Hell" and stopped in. It was quaint, and when I say quaint I really mean, cramped.  Its got a little TV in the corner and I caught a glimpse of Cher's breasts pinned to the wall with some tape.  There's nothing that says good pizza better than 1970's Cher and her nude chest.I order the special, pay my $4.99 and sit down.  The pizza is made while you watch and it comes fast! Piping hot and delicious.  One of CenPho's hidden secrets!BONUS* They also have hot subs!!!
5	Mama Mia! You have a spicy meatball-less special for $4!1st time today (Saturday, 4:00ish)Pro: two big foldable cheese slices + soda for $4 even...yuuuhummmrefrigerated parmasean shakercounter guy that called my friend "guy"..as in, "Thanks, guy"Con:Didn't try this place soonerDrinking soda when I don't drink sodaMama Mia soundtrack running through my head for the last 4 hrs
4	I stopped in there to try the daily special-two slices of cheese pizza and a can of Spring Mist out of the cooler for $4.  I was surprised how large the slices are and how much cheese there is on them.  I won't say I haven't had better "gourmet"  pizza but when I did, it cost twice as much.  If you just want good old fashioned pizza, this is a place to go.  I do intend to try other things on the menu the next time I go there.  Some of the descriptions of the food in other reviews sound interesting.The location is a little strange but I can give you a tip that will make it much easier to get there. I'd tried to stop in their more than once but because of the traffic on Indian School and having to know exactly where to turn in, I didn't make it. if you turn right on 7th Street off of Indian School ( North), there is a gas station and then a Jack in the Box.  If you go through the parking lot right between them and across the alley,  it will take you right into Momma Mia's parking lot.  Makes it so much easier to get out when you leave.  Better than trying to get on to Indian School when traffic is bumper to bumper traffic on  Indian school road for three blocks.The guy who makes the pizza, Tony, is a character. I think has to be one of the owners.  His main goal is to make the food and he's good at it.  Definitely, a neighborhood place, he's perfect for it.  He will tell you he's had problems in the past with checks so he doesn't take them.. In my case while he was putting a pizza in the oven..  He does take every major credit card  including  American Express.  That surprised me for such a small place.
4	This place is great! It is a very casual eatery that opens up to Indian School, so don't expect ambiance. It has the feel of the East Coast to it. Very friendly, very homey. One time I showed up and the employees were passing a football around with customers in the parking lot. So far I've had their slices and a meatball sub. Get this! $4 for two slices and a drink. I had them throw some meatballs on for an extra 50 cents. Delicious. These were just the warmed up slices, but they were actually really good! The meatball sub was pretty tasty too. Nice people, good food, cheap prices!
5	Dude for $4 it's hard to beat. Personal service by the owner Tony. Also Lou is cool as ice. Great food & great prices and good friends. If you haven't eaten here your missing out!!
5	The pizza is amazing! We usually get the white pizza with chicken and artichokes, try it.  I also recommended getting a dessert, try the Tiramisu or the cheese cake. The prices are also phenomenal for the quality of pizza. If there was any downside to this amazing restaurant it is that the wings are just your basic wings, not bad, but now WOW like the pizza is. The people who work there are nice and friendly and the service is quick.
4	Very charred crust - not quite overpowering, but a very strong flavor.  I loved this pizza (thanks A! I still owe you a beer!) the sauce was also very impressive.  We ordered takeout, so there's not much more I can say on this place.  When will they open one in NEPho??
5	Ahhh Pizza......I love pizza.  Am I a pizza snob...yes and no.  If I have my choice, I would leave all the chains behind....Pizza Hut, Little Ceasers, Dominos, they are all blah.  Not alot of taste and the dough is just ....well...blah!  I seek out the local mom and pop joints, the ones that will sell by the slice and might make a pie that just melts in your mouth.Mama Mia''s is that gem!!  My friend had told me about it and since we have pizza and movie night every Satruday, this has been our place.  We order and I go pick up.  It's just up the street a few blocks from where we live so it's super easy.  The gentleman that usually makes the pizza looks straight outta New York/New Jersey.  It's him and his cousin running the show and he runs this place while his cousin runs the other location.  The crust is devine....like a thin crust should be and I can see myself walkin down the street in New York and ducking in for a slice.  This location is tiny though.  They have the kitchen and an area with about 4 tables and that's it.  I have parked in the back and every time I leave they let me go out the back door right to my car.  Nice.  This is my fave place in Phoenix so far.  I totally love it!  Mom and Pop shop at it's best.  If you have not tried Mama Mia's........what are you waiting for???  Go..........NOW!!
5	before i knew of mama mia, i ordered dominos delivery. the day i had my very first mama mia pizza delivered to my house, i nearly creamed my chonies. never, ever, will i order another dominos, pizza hut, or little ceasars pizza ever again.the pizzas are HUGE, the sauce isn't overwhelming, the cheese is perfectly melted, and the crusty is crispy and thin. love the size of the slices - large and in charge. my favorite pizza to get delivered. i picked up inside once and they were extremely friendly to me and had my pizza piping hot and ready. they even gave me 5 bucks off since they fucked up a previous order. rad.delivery might take you a while, usually it runs about 40-50 minutes, so order early. its worth it.
5	Great place to grab a quick lunch! Mama Mia's prepares good old fashion thin crust style pizza and the slices are huge!  They have a wide variety of toppings and you can have different toppings on each slice.  My favorite combo is 1 ham and pineapple, 1 pepperoni.  They also offer salads, subs and calzones (expect an extra wait).  There is also the original Mama Mia's at 40th St and Indian School. Special: 2 slices (cheese) and a can of soda- $4 even, (Add. toppings 25 cents). Their subs are also excellent!
4	Being from NJ I am always on the prowl for my hometown pizza and Italian food. They have absolutely the best cannolis like my grandmothers!  The pizza droops like Ray's Pizza in NY. I'm not a big fan of sauce that has any sugar in it which most do so to many their sauce is awesome. I prefer unsweetened everything.The service is great and they are from New Jersey!  It's a great place to grab their special 2 slices and a coke for $4! YUM!
4	Move over Ray's, you've been replaced.Well, this review is obviously a long time considering how many times I order it on a monthly basis and the fact that I am on a first name basis with every single delivery driver.Mamma Mia's is the best NJ style pizza I have been able to find in Phoenix, and that's saying a lot, since I've been on the hunt for 8 years and counting now. Oversliced slices, reasonably priced pies and wings, smokin' lunch special (2 slices and a soda for $4?!) and most importantly freakin' delicious.When I lived in South Florida, I used to drive 25 min each way down to the beach in Ft. Lauderdale to get myself a couple slices of Sonny's NJ Pizza. It was perfect. Thin crust, crispy but still able to fold, heavy sauce, light cheese. Perfection. Thank the lord it's now practically in my back yard.Mamma Mia's barely misses 5 stars for me as they are a tiny bit heavy on the cheese in my opinion, but if that's what you're into, it's practically perfect.That tiny technicality aside, I love this pizza. They have two convenient Cenpho locations, delivery offered at both, which is both quick and efficient.  Pizza is always still hot by the time it gets to me.It wasn't until Yelp Rocks last week that I realized I was eating Mamma Mia's pizza for the 3rd time that week, and I still hadn't reviewed it. Perhaps a tiny selfish part of me was trying to keep Mamma Mia's all to myself, however after meeting Frankie and the rest of the wonderful team in person, I couldn't deprive my fellow Yelpers any longer.
5	Mama Mia is the best!  Reminds me of the pizza I used to get daily from the boardwalk in NJ.  The slices are perfectly thin, the sauce is perfectly seasoned, just the right amount of cheese and toppings...  The cannoli is worth trying, just like grandma used to make.  Recently, a friend told me to try the whole wheat pizza.  I was sceptical.  Was I wrong!  The crust was super thin, crispy, and for the price, a steal.  It was more than enough for myself and a coworker to share.  The calzone is a true calzone.  Not just mozzarella and sauce like most places in the valley.  They use ricotta, and more than enough of it.  Thanks for offering the best, and most filling, special in town.  Two slices, a soda for $4., with quarter toppings.  Mama Mia will always be the king of real NJ pizza in the west.
4	I will make this short and simple. I am a huge barrows pizza fan. I like everything about Barros. The crust, sauce, cheese etc. MM is like a Rays style but with Barros flavor. I really liked MM. The sauce is more then tomato paste and the crust is good, it had just enough cheese.
5	best pizza and price in phoenix. the owner is awesome and the food is great. it is mainly a take-out place and theres not much room in the store except for a few tables but all in all best pizza and environment ive seen. also they will deliver alcohol if requested from next door (liquor store)
5	I was met at the back door.  Yes, I'm your back door girl!  Parking here can be a bitch, as well as pulling into the place...but when you get there...Heaven!I got a cheese and garlic pizza to go.  I pulled into the parking lot and they said my name.  Stalker?  Nope.  Just good service, I guess.  Or maybe they know what a pain it is to park in back and walk allllllll the way around the building to get to the front door?  Anyway...This is true East Coast pizza.  Thin crust, proper sauce and amount and loads of dripping cheese.  Tons of crushed garlic, too!  My first time there, I chatted with the owner.  He actually uses Frank's for his wings!  Hey, I'm from Buffalo.  I *know* wings!  I didn't have them, but he did let me try the sauce.  Perfecto!Huge, East Coast slices, too.  The kind you have to fold in half to eat it, with grease dripping down your hand to your elbow.  THIS is what pizza is supposed to be!!!
5	I have had Mamma Mia's pizza 3 or 4 times now and each time it is as good as the last.  This pizza reminds me of my childhood pizza place in New York.  Thin crust that is well done, light on the sauce, cheese nice and bubbly and brown, and foldable replete with dripping grease.  Just the way a slice should be.  I have yet to try any toppings or a sub, but I am a purist when it comes to pizza and love plain cheese.Well done Mamma Mia's.  Well done!
5	I just had a Pizza !!! and is still the best pizza in town... Love it!!!
5	so! good!
4	Fantastic pizza for the price! One of our favorite take-out spots. Ask for the daily special as you can usually get wings, soda and pizza for the price of a large pizza. Great deals, great prices and quick service. Not a place to go sit and eat - strictly take-out.
4	I've become a fan of Mamma Mia's.  They throw down some good NY style pies.Yous wanna go haves on a pie, I'll meet yous at Mamma Mia's.Yesterday was the first time I had been to this location.  We grabbed a quick lunch around some work I had to take care of and a funeral.  They always have some kind of deal going for 2 slices and a drink, around 4 bucks.  Big  tasty slices of delicious NY style thin crust pizza and a drink for $4 bucks.  Why would anyone go to a fast food joint when there is a Mamma Mia's nearby?I have 2 more reviews on the way for the microcosm of food that exists at the intersection of 7th St. and Indian School.
4	This place is pretty awesome.  We went in to pick up some pizzas for game night with Ashley A. and ordered a white pizza and a peperoni pizza.  The employees were very nice and chatty as they made the pizza.  Very friendly, back-east feel to this place.  The pizza took about 15 minutes and stayed hot till we got home.  The white pizza had a thick layer of ricotta cheese on it with garlic mixed in.  It was heaven.  The slices are large and NY-style.  I didn't get to try the peperoni but no complaints were heard.  I would totally go back and try a calzone.The only reasons this place isn't a 5-star are the parking issue and the limited space inside.  This place shares a lot with about 4 others stores and the lot has maybe 10 spots.  It is a tight fit and intimidating if the place is busy.  That alone would persuade me to go elsewhere.  The seating inside the joint is maybe okay for a party of 2 but I wouldn't bring more than that in here.  I'm pretty sure I'd go back or, if anything, have them deliver.
4	I've come to learn that NY Style pizza is not really my favorite.  However, I have also come to learn that it can be really really good too!  We have a rather large recycle bin outside our building that I constantly see Mamma Mia pizza boxes in.  I always wondered if it was good enough to eat as often as I saw boxes.  We decided to find out over the weekend while playing games with Ashley A.  She wanted pepperoni, and I didn't know what I wanted.  We got there, and I decided on a white pizza... MMMMmmm.  Our order had to have taken less than 15 minutes, which was awesome, and the people working there were totally awesome and very friendly.  We got the pizzas home and dug right in.  The white pizza was delicious with tons of garlicky ricotta and loads of mozzarella cheese.  The crust was fine, but nothing really special.  I tried a pepperoni off of the other pizza and it was pretty yummy, I should have saved some room!  We'll probably order from here again.
5	If I could only eat one type of food for the rest of my life, it would be pizza. And if I could only go to one pizza place in Phoenix, it would have to be Mamma Mia's.Everything about their pizza is perfect. Sauce. Cheese. Size. Crust. Price. All perfect.And I'm not a huge wing person because I don't like fried food, but I am pretty sure Mamma Mia's wings are baked and they are delicious.And the customer service is amazing. Last time I was in there, they threw in a free 2-liter bottle of soda for free.Pizzeria Bianco, you ain't got shit on my Mamma Mia's.
5	I love this place. Great pizza, SUPER cheap, pretty quick, take credit and cash. Very awesome pizza
3	I'll make this simple: I don't mind it, my wife hates it, they sometimes are good; buy a pie from Hungry Howies and you'll have a similar experience minus the price
4	Great price for a good pizza. The wings are ok, not great. The service is always friendly.
5	Man, I loved this pizza. I drive past this place on 8th St and Indian School every day and have been dying to try it. Finally, on a night the hubby was not home and I had the unappealing task of cooking something, I discovered I had a 2-4-1 coupon from the Entertainment book. To me, that is the best way to try something for the first time. If I didn't like it, hey at least I didn't pay full price. The coupon was for B1G1 free pizza, so we got two 14" (one pepperoni and one cheese). The total came out to $12.37 for both pizzas...not bad. It was your typical NY style pizza and I was pleasantly surprised that it wasn't very greasy. This was compared to the dripping with grease pizza we had at Pinos al Centro. The crust on the pizza at Mamma Mia's was also delicious. A little bit chewy and not overly thin or thick...just right. Each pizza yield approx 9 slices and I am excited that we've got dinner tomorow night too! Gotta love leftover pizza. We parked in the back parking lot which can be accessed by a little side street. Getting to the location wasn't bad until you start seeing all of the rush hour traffic backing up right at the intersection of 7th St and Indian School. But at 6:20pm on a Thursday, it didn't take me long to get in and out. The employees were extremely friendly and the guy let me exit out the back, through their small kitchen, with the pizzas. With a 2 yr old in my arms and 10 yr old behind me carrying the pizzas, I thought that was very nice. I am pleasantly surprised to have a new local favorite pizza joint. I love Z Pizza, but Mamma Mia has got it down for the traditional style pizza. I seem to recall signs in the front saying something about 2 slices of pizza and a drink for approx $3 which is a smokin deal. Scared to tell the husband about that one since he may start to live there. Either way, I la-la-la-love it.
1	Now I will say that the pizza here is good, but that won't keep me coming back. I can get good pizza at a ton of places, and get much better customer service.  We decided to order a pizza and salad yesterday, was told it would arrive in 45 minutes. NO prob, that's reasonable. so an hour goes by and I call up to find out where my pizza's at (It's now 7 o clock, and my two little kids are starving by this point)  The rude girl that answered the phone tells me "there's no delivery people here, so it should be there any minute. There's nobody else here". O...kaaayyy??  So I wait another 15 minutes, and that's it. My wife calls up to cancel the order and the same rude girl puts her on hold to talk to the manager. She tells the manager "They already called twice, I don't know what to tell them". So the manager gets on the phone and tells my wife that the best he could do is give her 5 bucks off the next pizza. She tells him no, just cancel my order and he replies "well I have no way of getting in touch with the delivery guy".  Nevertheless we cancelled the order and the pizza guy never showed up. So either A ) they DID have a way to get in touch with the delivery guy and were just telling my wife that to keep the sale or B) the delivery guy went over and above, went to my favorite pizza spot in Polcenigo, Italy and my pie should arrive sometime tomorrow. Either way, I ended up having to get something else to eat last night. I truly try to support small business in the area but c'mon small business, get your ish together!!!
5	I hadn't had pizza in almost three months when I got to try Mamma Mia's last night at the Yelp In Bloom event.  The mini slices of pizza that I sampled were absolutely delicious!  I know I will be making the trek to Phoenix to have a bigger portion in the near future!  Also, the staff present at the event handing out pizza and pasta were extremely friendly and efficient.  My boyfriend also sampled their pasta and said it was delicious!  Well done!
4	This place rocks.  Great new york style pizza.  Always fast (they are always busy and it never takes longer than 20-30 minutes).  I'm eager to try some other things on their menu, but when I go there, I just tend to get my pizza.  Two thumbs up!
4	So we've been back to this place several times. The pizza's always been very good, and I'm pretty hard to pleae when it comes to my pie. After the botched delivery incident, we just decided to get takeout and have had not one problemo.  Wanted to make sure I updated my review, since the last one reflected a negative experience. BTW, Groupon has a $12 for a $25 Gift Certificate for Mamma Mia's today, so I just bought four of them...guess who'll be eating an ish pile of Mamma Mia's Pizza over the next few months???
5	The slices of pizza are cheap, huge, and very very good.  I really don't have to say anymore.
3	I'd give them a higher rating on the food, but the delivery service is just too terrible. I'd been waiting for my fourth order to withhold judgment, but everytime there has been some major issue with the delivery, either very late, or the driver had me walk all around then realized he was at the wrong complex, etc. If I was just rating the food, this is the best delivery pizza I've had in Phoenix. They also have a great greek salad.
5	-Pizza is awesome - they aren't afraid to use sauce (the best part!), the crust, which is a little crunchy, is also great.  Also excellent reheated :)-They have a good deal on pizza, wings, and a 2 Liter bottle of soda.  I don't normally drink soda, but when it's cheaper to buy the three instead of just pizza and wings, I do ;)-Parking is difficult.  We went to pick up our order on a Friday evening and couldn't find a spot in the small lot behind the shops.  I ended up having to back my way into the Jiffy Lube next door :/
5	Originally from New York, it is hard to find NY style pizza in Arizona.  However, we have found it.  Mama Mia's is not only cheap but it is New York pizza at it's best.
5	So I feel like I need to write another update. We've eaten here several times and have a great experience every single time (minus the first time with the delivery issue, but we just decided to go get takeout every time). The owner and pizzaiola (it's what they call the guys who make pizzas in Italy) are very friendly and the pizza is always great. I can't say enough nice things about those guys and this little pizza spot. Keep up the good work boys!!!
4	I really should never have tried Mamma Mia's. The same way I should never have tried Two Hippies Burger joint (which is conveniently located next door). In fact, that's where I was headed at the time but they were closed. Being a fairly clean eater, my body does not know what to do with itself during these Sunday grease fueled gorge fests I seem to put myself through after a night of debauchery. My stomach hates me!I had a slice of plain cheese and a slice of pepperoni and yes, I devoured both. Quickly, quietly and with the stealth of a truly seasoned binge eater. Damn it was good. The slices were huge and foldable with the crust being the perfect combination of crispy and chewy. Delicious! The only complaint I have is that it's hot as hell in there. Not much can be done about that, so it's merely an afterthought. Mamma Mia's is close to home and that makes me nervous. Nervous is good. It means I have a crush on you...  *blush*
5	I usually wouldn't give a review for delivery but I had such a good experience that I felt it was warranted.  A couple of weeks back I ordered a pizza from Mamma Mia's.  I was told what the amount would be before I hung up and so I got my cash together before it came.  The driver gets there almost an hour later, (I usually plan for this by ordering well in advance) and I pay the driver.  I get inside and rip the box open as I hear a knock on the door.  It's the driver again.  He hands me a $20 and says I think you gave me too much.  I had planned on giving him a $5 bucks for a tip.  I was absolutely impressed by this.  I could not imagine such honesty from a delivery driver.  I think most would have taken the money and ran.  I gave him double the tip that I had originally intended to, ran inside, and called the owner to tell him how great the driver was.  I will always tip this guy well in the future and applaud his honesty.To the food.  Great pizza.  Not your gourmet type pizza but a good New York style pizza with a lot of cheese, great sausage, and great dough.
4	I just moved literally a block away from Mamma Mia's and my boyfriend has to eat pizza a minimum of 3 times a week so off we went to Mamma Mias. We ordered the 2 pizzas and a soda for $4, a great deal! I believe that only includes cheese pizzas but the guy offered us a topping so we chose mushroom. Usually when I order mushrooms on a pizza they come super soggy and really greasy. The mushroom on our pizza at mamma mia's was perfectly cooked! The only complaint I had overall was that our crust was a little overcooked. I think this was due to him having to put our slices in the over a second time for the mushroom's though, as everyone elses crust looked fine. I say if you like NY style pizza and want to get a meal for under $5 definitely check out this place.
4	Just had a sausage and mushroom pizza delivered from MM.  Ordered online and got 15% off.  When ordering delivery time was listed as 1 hour - however it arrived in 40 minutes - hot and not soggy.  One of the best pizzas ever.  Lots of mozzarella cheese and tangy fresh tomato sauce with  big slices of mushrooms and sliced sausage.  Crust  is cross between thin and regular but crusty on the outside and  just the right 'chewiness' .  I had hoped the sausage would be spicy  and crumbly instead of thin regular slices. But other than that this was one tasty pizza!
5	After a talk thread about pizza & all the recommendations for Mamma Mia's I knew I had to try it. On their yelp page they offer 15% off if you order online so I did. I ordered: the 14" cheese pizza w/pepperoni, the cheese calzone w/black olives & sausage & 2 cannolis. The pizza was freaking AMAZING! Seriously it was so damn good, I only wish I ordered the 18". I didn't try the calzone but my hubby assured me that it was delish. The cannolis, fuhgetbout it! So creamy & crunchy at the same time, yummm.They are close to my work so I will definitely be back for lunch during the week & possibly carry out after work for those nights I don't feel like cooking.BEST PIZZA EVER!
5	This is one of the best if not THE best pizza places in Phoenix. My favorites are the Mamma Mia Supreme and the Primavera. I love the pizza here, you will not be disappointed!!
2	I  am downgrading due to the website ordering system.  I am a bit annoyed by the fact that there seems to be a fee for using the online ordering.  So when you email me that you are giving me a coupon but can only use it on your online ordering then you aren't really giving me the amount that you say you are.  I actually tried to call and was told I could only use the coupon online and it would not be accepted otherwise.  between your fees and taxes I am paying nearly 33%of the food total to have a pizza delivered if I do it online.  This annoys the hell out of me and I don't know why it bugs me as much as it does but I think I am done ordering here for a while.  It's a shame because I really like your pizza.
3	Love the $5.95 16" 10 net carb cheese pizza. Additional toppings for $.50. Loved the thinnes and freshness of the pizza. Great service when walking in. You are greeted immediately. Order ahead to save 15 minutes of weight time. Small 3 table dining area. Parking can be a hassle since it's located with limited stalls in back of restaurant. My boy friend got the calzone and it is huge! The tirimisu wasn't worth the $2.95, sad to say. I was looking so forward to it too. We'll definitely return to this place.
5	This is the best place for a couple of slices in all of AZ (period!)
3	It's a HUGE slice and a fair price but, other than that, I don't share the enthusiasm for Mamma Mia's. It's just "OK."
5	Tried the wings last night, pretty good but I am not much of a wings fan. Pizza was delicious as usual & the cannolis leave us wishing we ordered more.I think it should be made more clear that the 15% off is for 1st time customers only. Before I placed my order online I called to ask what code I use to get the 15% off & the guy on the phone informed me that it was a 1 time deal. He did however give me a code for $5 off a $30 purchase. When I entered in the code it gave me $15 off! Was that a mistake? Not sure but I got a 16" pizza w/pepperoni, 12 wings, 2 extra ranches, a 2 liter of Sierra Mist & 2 cannolis, plus tax, delivery fee & tip for under $20. Amazing deal!
4	If you love NY pizza, you will love Mama Mia 9 out of 10 times.  As a New Yorker myself, I can say that Mama Mia takes care of the craving for good, real, NY pizza.  And you can't beat the deal... $4 for 2 slices and a can of Coke.The only issue I have with Mama Mia is that 1 time out of 10, when something just isn't quite right.  I can't tell you what it is because I don't know, but I end up throwing the pizza out.  And then I usually take a break from Mama Mia for about 2 weeks.  But, 9 out of 10 times, the food is spot on.If you haven't yet, be sure to give Mama Mia a try!
5	Mamma Mia's is the place for pizza... it's not a fancy joint but hey...the pizza and the staff are great so what more can you ask for. And the $4 special of 2 slices and a drink is great for lunch! Thumbs up to Mamma Mia... just remember if you are doing delivery, check your order before the driver leaves. The last time he forgot the wings but one phone call solved that and he was back in no time.
5	Maybe, I'm just a sucker for an accent, but I love me some Mamma Mia's!When rating here on Yelp, I really try to stick to the rule that 4 stars are for things that I'm a fan of, and 5 stars are for places that I think everyone else should be a fan of. Mamma Mia's is most definitely a place like that!Don't just go for the cheap slices. Ante up and order one of their pizzas! The crust is thin and crispy, and it won't fall apart on you when you picking it up. I've never had a pie that was unevenly cooked there, and for that, I give em props. Their white pizza is pretty awesome and garlicky! I will say though that their wings leave something to be desired (probably because they're not fried), but this review is about pizza! I've never ordered online (so I don't know any of the issues that people are having), but if you want a good NY style pizza in the valley, Mamma Mia's hits the mark.
5	I went in the middle of Dec '10. Excellent pizza, best I have had outside of NYC. Great deal for the 2 slices and drink. I also ordered the buffalo wings. They were cooked perfectly, but there was something missing (some of that buffalo pizazz), but definitely good.Overall - excellent, highly recommend. It is a little ways for me, but when I want pizza I will suck it up and go back.I am drooling just thinking about it now. I will be heading in the near future!
3	Maybe it's an expectations problem.  I've found that I occasionally need to tell friends to STOP HYPING THAT MOVIE to me, ever since Pirates of the Caribbean got so overhyped for so long by my well-meaning friends ("Best movie ever!" "I laughed, I cried, it changed my life!" "I'm dumping my fiance in the hopes of getting Johnny Depp's attention!") that I walked in expecting Citizen Kane.  Needless to say, it didn't work out that way.I may have made the same mistake after getting so psyched about the Yelp reviews for Mamma Mia.The Good: The pizza here is EXTREMELY affordable.  Couple the killer lunch special ($4 for two massive slices of cheese pizza and a can of soda) with a Groupon ($20 for $10), and you create what scientists refer to as a value vortex - a deal so good it should not be able to exist stably in reality (much like antimatter).  In this case, I went with four friends, ordered five specials, paid with the Groupon, and we ended up stuffing ourselves with hot pizza and cold soda for a combined $10.  That. Is.  Awesome.The Meh: The pizza just wasn't that flavorful.  The sauce and cheese were pretty ordinary.  It just wasn't as special as I expected.Don't get me wrong, I will be back (especially since I had the foresight to buy two Groupons).  I'm an absolute sucker for value and this is the best pizza deal around.  But don't go expecting the pizza to transport you, Narnia-wardrobe-style, to New York.**In the unlikely event that it does, steer clear of that lady hawking the Turkish Delight on the corner.  Trust me.
4	This place is great.  The two slices and a coke for 4 bucks is a laughably cheap meal.  The pizza is New York style which is surprisingly hard to find in the Valley.  The trend here is far more nouveau rustico, brick oven style, a la Pizzeria Bianco.  It's hard to get a good slice.  It's not mind blowing pizza, but it's great in the niche it plays in, and certainly my go to option in the area.
5	Awesome pizza with super friendly service.
4	They were very slow and ended up being late with my order by over fifteen minutes but I still give them four stars. Why? Service! These guys know how to keep customers happy and were friendly and apologetic throughout my extended wait - they also threw in free ranch dip and a 2L soda.  Very nice.Oh yeah, the pizza itself is so good that you will definitely overeat.
3	I wish I could give 3.5 stars, but 3 will do.... Last night we tried the pizza/wings combo and thought the pizza (feta, spinach, and red onion) was quite good, although I'm not a fan of the frozen spinach; the wings were simply mediocre.Also of note, the order took about half an hour even though I was told 20 minutes over the phone and the guys working appeared to be suddenly slammed by three pickup orders coming in at the same time. This resulted in a mix-up with my ticket price, which was immediately fixed, as well as a salad dressing mix-up that I noticed after getting home (creamy caesar for wings).Would I try it again? Definitely. The guys there were very nice and the pizza was certainly above average. I was just a little let down by this experience.
5	I'll make this quick since it's my 2nd update. We tried the meatballs a couple nights ago & they were really good! Although, on their website it said there would be 6 ($2.95 I believe) & we only received 5. Their salads however weren't the greatest, we got a caesar ($4.95) & a greek ($6.95). The caesar was pretty good, but the greek was definitely lacking. Their pizza is the best though & that's why we continue to come here!
5	Here is some of the best pizza in the Valley.  It is done in a traditional Brooklyn thin crust with mixed cheese and some fine tomato sauce.  The pizza was ready within ten minutes and we ate in about twenty minutes.The place is located on Indian School Road around 8th Street.It is intimate and the decor is NYC related with a television in back.  No soda on tap, only cans.The specials are reasonable in price.The quality shows.
3	I'm tough on pizza places. This place is good. I truly enjoy the ingredients, and preparation. Atmosphere and service are lacking.
4	Had dinner there last night and it was a really good experience. Chill but good service and yummy pizza. We got meatball, green peppers, and onions. The green peppers were really fresh and still had a little crunch to them which I loved. We ordered a small pie cause we wanted beers (no YOU'RE an alcoholic!), but the 2 pieces with a soda deal is truly a steal and I'll probably get that one next time. Unless, of course, I need a beer.
5	You guys at Mamma Mia rock! I stopped in the other day for the special and it was yummy! My how I missed your location since moving. I will definitely remember to call the next time we want pizza and not at the closer location. Their pizza was chewy...not at all like yours!806 E Indian School Road is the best! And thanks for telling me that you can still deliver to our new place. FIVE STARS!
4	I had one of their calzones and it was delicious! I ate the whole thing! Well seasoned, baked perfectly and great customer service. Even the cooked asked us how we liked it. I'll be back!
1	I tried this pizza place because I am new to the neighborhood and found great reviews for it.  I am submiiting this review to help guide others.  I'm really sorry to say my experience was so that I will never go back.  I picked up my pizza and there was another pizza with the same ingredients next to mine, but my pizza was sparse.  I pointed to the two pizzas indicating the noticible difference but it made no difference to the guy, he said "this is your pizza."  Okay so I can over look that, sort of, but the crust was inconsistent and tough.  And honestly I wasn't a huge fan of the sauce; it just wasn't "pizza" to me.  It wasn't New York or Chicago.
5	Mama Mia's pizza is the best in town. I love their crust, and the quality of the toppings is apparent in the flavor of the pizza. The pasta menu is also rivals some of the better sit down restaurants in the valley. The service is always great, so you really can't go wrong at Mama Mia's. Keep it up guys!!
4	Nice old school corner pizzeria.  These are a a dime a dozen in NY but in Phoenix, it's a special treat.  Can be very warm to eat here in the summer and there's not much in the way of seating so if you visit in the summer months, I would take it to go.
5	Very good pizza! 2 huge slices and a drink for $4.50, perfect deal. The pizza is delicious, thin crust, and the pepperoni tastes delicious!!! Great place to get quick lunch.
5	I think this is the best pizza I've ever had in my life! Who knew, it'd be in Phoenix?
5	My boyfriend and I are constantly trying new pizza places all over the valley. After a few times, we decided that this place is our favorite! Not to mention, they have gluten free pizza! usually at other places the GF is okay, but here, it tastes like a NORMAL pizza! Everything is amazing from the appetizers, to the pizza and sandwiches, wings- EVERYTHING! Best place ever
5	First, I am addicted to The Stromboli $6.95 and Cannoli's $1.95.  The Pizza(Slices are also sold) and Meat Ball Sub$4.95 Calzone $5.95 are also all 5's Excellant and It is a Neighborhood Treat.  The only Item that I don't care for, As Is,  is the Grilled Chicken Sandwich.   If you are ordering TOGO, The Delicious Italian Bread gets waterlogged by the Mozzarella, Dressing Or Chicken(All 3 are delicious on their Own).  Even after trying it a second time requesting just a quick Drizzle of the Balsamic Dressing.  Still soggy.  If I order The Sandwich a 3rd time, which I intend,  My request will be to prepare it Salad style with the Roll seperate.  I will assemble the delicious Fillings into the Roll myself as I really want  to Love this item also.   This Sandwich critique does not change my 5 Star rating because some People DESIRE their Sandwich's Juicy like my Brother "Jim'.  John F. Italian from Phoenix
4	What can I say about Mamma Mia that hasn't been said? It is a quality pizza place with good prices. I've purchased food from them 4 times, and have enjoyed it each time. Their stromboli is to die for (probably figuratively and literally considering what is in one!), albit a bit greasy, but that has never really bothered me. The pizza can be greasy as well, but nothing to really dock the place much. I stick with the basics pepperoni and extra cheese. The ingredients all taste wonderfully, and taste fresh.If I have any complaint about Mamma Mia, it is that their wings are pretty average, not great, not bad. I've tried their BBQ, and standard buffalo wings. At least they are quite meaty, unlike so many places with wings, where they appear to have pulled the wings from a baby chicken. In conclusion though, if you want a quality pizza, or stromboli, this is the place.
5	Best new jersey style pizza and chocolate chip cannolis ever!
5	I love Mamma Mia's and eat there often. The pizza is my favorite in town, the Caesar salad is always fresh, and the meatballs rock!! I've never had any thing there that I didn't enjoy. Don't miss out!!
4	Had a white pizza with ricotta, tomatoes and extra garlic... really, really delicious. Very east coast vibe. Doesn't look like much from the outside (well, the inside isn't "all that" by way of ambience now that I think about it), but the pizza is TOTALLY worth stopping in for a slice and return visits! :)
2	I was way too lazy and not up for going out to eat the Monday after Christmas so I decided to go online and order some Mamma Mia based on the reviews here on Yelp.I ordered the pizza, wings and soda special. The pizza was pepperoni with fresh basil on top and some hot wings with a 2 liter bottle of Pepsi. I also ordered 2 canolis. I completed my order at 6:15PM and was told, via email, that the food would be there at 6:55PM. Along comes 7:15PM and I'm wondering where the food is. 7:20 comes along and I hear a car. The delivery guy was sitting out in front of the house for about 5 minutes and I'm wondering....what the heck is up?He comes up to the door and hands me a pizza with 2 bags of stuff on top. I see "hot Wings" written on one and just figured the other bag was the canolis.I go inside for a second then thought...where is my soda? So I run out and tell the guy that I'm missing the Pepsi I ordered. He said he would come back after his other deliveries...ok, fair enough. I go inside and my friend had a salad out of one of the bags. I didn't order a salad! So I open the pizza and it's cold and just a plain pepperoni.  What the heck is going on???So I called them and told them my whole order was incorrect with the exception of the wings.About 5 minutes to 8 the delivery guy was there with my Soda, canolis and a tiramasu to make up for the lack of basil, which they said they were out of. Then he asked for the salad back because it was someone elses he had to deliver. Pizza, cold. Wings...not so hot...Canolis, too much stuffing and way the stuffing was way too thick, like frosting.Ah well, I had better hopes....Maybe they were busy? I won't chance ordering from here again to find out though. That was a 40 dollar loss...made me sad.
3	This place just doesn't do it for me. I have frequented both locations and both really aren't designed for in house eating. That's cool. I mostly do take out. I haven't tried any of their sandwiches and entrees. The pizzas here are way overrated. They are better than most pizza in Phoenix, but it's not the best. Mama Mia did a lot of campaigning for their New Times Best of award, and that's cool.  In understand that taste is subjective, so here's my take. Their crust is flavorless. True, while it's fold able like back home, it doesn't taste like anything, I enjoy the sauce on their pizza, but when it blends with their cheese I just don't get that wow factor like at Slice of Sicily or Gilbert Pizza.  That first bite that waters your mouth - not with these pies. You can measure a good pie the morning after. 3 stars for morning after, 4 stars hot out of the oven.The first time we ordered cannolis we loved them. So much that we ordered 4 with a pick up. My mouth was all ready for the deliciousness only to find that they were barely filled. I was almost in tears. You don't screw with a fat man's food. I called and they apologized and said they would take care of me the next time- and they did. But whoever filled those cannolis just didn't care. And that's part of the problem- inconsistencyI will eat their pizza again, but it will never be my first choice. Oh, and by the way, their claim that they catered to the New York Giants, Billy Joe,  Bill Cosby,  George Steinbrenner, John Gotti, Donald Trump and Frank Sinatra?  Please. I think at one point a good percentage of caterers can claim that back in Jersey, I'm just saying. I am a native Jersey boy- Phoenix's best pizza my ass.
5	Great Pizza, People and Service! I am going to miss this place when I move to Phoenix. My favorites here are Cheese and White Pizzas.
5	I used to eat at Mamma Mia's in Morristown, NJ and could not believe my ears when I heard they picked up and moved out here! I haven't had such a great calzone or slice of pizza in years! If you love pizza, you're gonna want to try this place.
4	I've tried both locations, and they are not really made for eating in, it gets really hot in there during summer.  Both have patios, so I guess if the weather is beautiful that might be nice. I usually get take out or delivery. (They have a $3 delivery fee). The tiramisu was wonderful! It was very light, and the coffee layers were dripping. Mmmm.. It's a great place for lunch or dinner take out for 1 because they have the 2 slices 1 soda for $5 or so.
4	Pepperoni Pizza ... check.Italian salad ... check.soda...checkA simple combination for a filling lunch. Their small italian salad is quite big and simple with iceberg lettuce, tomatoes, onions, and mozzarella cheese. That is my only combination and I'm content with it all. yummy place with decent price
4	Solid Pizza...great wings!! This is our "to go to" pizza spot. You won't be disappointed.
1	I USED TO LOVE THIS PLACE. But in the last year, the place has totally run down its product quality AND its customer service. My last three orders have all had mistakes and were late in delivery. When I called to have the situation remedied, all I got was a  $2 credit on a FUTURE ORDER. WTF?!?!?! You can't get it right the last three times and you think I am going to keep coming back? GET REAL!! Not only have you lost what was a regular customer, I will see to it my friends no longer patronize your establishment either.
3	I hate to say it, but Mamma Mia's has gone a bit downhill lately. The food itself is still pretty good. Customer service is where they've gone downhill. I've used a Groupon there before, got the special, no questions asked. On my last Groupon, someone from the other location was on shift there to help out, and told me I couldn't order any specials. No mention of this in the Groupon or in the store.So there I am trying to figure out what to get, and then my order gets mixed up. Instead of a large 18" pizza, I got a 16".But I figure it was an off day, so I gave it another shot. This time around they got the order right but the pizza seemingly took forever, and there weren't many people or orders that I noticed. And I've been coming here for a year now, since I've moved in. If it's one of those 'busy but worth it places" I'd say that. My guess, especially after the blank looks I got, was that my order wasn't prepared until I mentioned it had been 20 minutes.Strike two.The next time, I went with friends, and they ordered pasta dishes, and we all got a pizza to share. No complaints here. I've never had the pasta, but my friends loved their dishes, and they're OG italian, for what that's worth. So where's the problem?First, the bread that comes with the pasta, came after the pasta. It wasn't baked or anything, I think they just forgot.But the truly funny part was the garlic cheese bread, which came AFTER the meals were half done. Considering that's an appetizer, and one that should take less time than to prepare than a whole pizza or two pasta dishes... not cool. Also, it tasted like it came from the freezer. Strike two and a half. I'll come back, but it won't be my default. It's now third in the rotation.I considered this one of the three pizza places I could always go to for tasty pizza. The other two are Raffaele's on 19th ave and Glendale, and Pat's, on 11st and Glendale. But Mamma Mia's is closest to me (I live off Central and Indian). I believe I'll now start veering towards Raffa's. That was my goto when I lived on the westside, and the distance is worth knowing that they take care of their customers.If I'm rolling on the eastside, Pat's will be my goto.To their credit, Mamma Mia's does have a lot going for it. The new Gelato area seems nice. Their pizza is still good. And while you need an account to order online, and they do tack on weird fees, they also have always had a $5 off coupon for $20 and up orders. It cancels the fees and saves you a couple bucks. If you sign up for texts, they often have good to great deals. And no spam texting. Just deals, about once every 3-4 weeks.But again, I can get good pizza at those other two places. At the same prices, with the same daily specials, just have to travel a few more minutes. It's worth it if you want good pizza.
4	Awesome Stuffed Meat pie... needed more sauce, but I'm just saucy like that. I'll be back next time for a regular pie. Tip: Sit closer to the ovens... warmer part of the dining area.
5	If you are looking for a great pizza at a great price, then you can't miss by going with Mamma Mia's. Although my husband is all about deep dish pizza, I however  love the thin crust New York style pizza. So when push comes to shove I usually get my way and that is how we discovered this place on a Saturday night. We went with just the classic pepperoni pizza and we weren't disappointed. On top of that they have a super nice staff to boot. Can't go wrong with this place.
4	excellent pizza and wings.
1	We ordered $40 worth of pizza for takeout and it took almost 2 hours -- was told 20 minutes. We were not comp'd for anything. When I expressed my dissatisfaction, they offered to give me $40 credit toward my next order. I asked for this in writing, and they gave me the "we can't provide it in writing -- we wrote your name down and have you on record" line.Guess what -- I called back a couple months later and they had no record. They refused to honor the credit....and were rude. I asked to speak to the owner, and was told "he's out of town." The pizza is mediocre at best. I have zero tolerance for businesses such as this. PLEASE spend your money somewhere else that deserves to be patronized.
1	We went in an ordered here because our son loves this place. We ordered the largest pizza and some wings. We were told they were the last of the wings. We waited for almost an hour for the food. Finally we went up to the counter only to be told our order was accidentally given to some other customers and there were no more wings available but they would give us a large pizza half off. We decided to give them a second chance, We ordered a large Pepperoni pizza and some wings. When we got the pizza guess what? It was CHEESE ONLY. Needless to say we will not be returning to this pizza place again.
3	Good pizza, been there many times. The girl behind the counter tonight was rude, slow and mildly retarded.  Go to the Arcadia location.
4	i really like this place!  i'm usually a fan of thin crust or frou frou pizza like Cibo's.  but mamma mia's pepperoni pie is dangerously good and the calzones are excellent.  my favorite is filled with fresh basil, tomato, ricotta and garlic!  amazingly fresh!i have also had the gluten free pizza which is some of the best i've had in the valley!love you guys!
4	Great break from the typical take out.  large was very generous and fed our family of 5.  Not as good as Cibo, the Parlor or Humble Pie but good value and good pizza.
1	I'm not giving this 1 star because their food is bad, because it's not. I'm giving them 1 star because, for the 3rd time, they have completely screwed my order up. It's 2:02pm, I ordered my pizza at 11:20am (almost 3 hours ago). My pizza is still "on its way" as it has been since the first time I called at 12:30. They have given me so many excuses, but unfortunately, I ordered pizza, not BS. I spoke with their manager, he offered me 50% off, but I still don't think that 50% is any good. I was hungry when I ordered, but now, due to the length of time it takes them to deliver, I already ate, and frankly, I don't want the pizza anymore. The sad part is, Mama Mia's pizza is amazingly good. It's their management that is terrible. I used to work at a pizza shop when I was younger, and we never would have let even an hour go by if someone was waiting on some food (let alone 3 hours). I normally order from Mama Mia's once or twice a week, and it usually takes them about an hour to deliver, which is fine. This is the 3rd time they've screwed up. Last time, they LITERALLY DID NOT CUT MY PIZZA. So, they basically delivered a huge pizza that we had to tear apart with our hands (we're bachelors, what can I say).I will never order from them again, ever. I WAS a huge fan until now.
5	They said delivery was running late.. They were 10 minutes early, great pizza always.
4	I would give them a 5 if the service was better.  The food is always great.  I've tried 6 or 7 different versions of the calzone and the stromboli is awesome.  My boys love the pizza.  The price is great for the portion.  Great family spot and the delivery is on time.
3	Goood zza, at a good price. Thanks to my fellow yelpers, I would not have stopped in with out the infomitive reviews. Just what I was looking for for lunch.
3	I have found that this location is not nearly as good as the one on 40th street BUT this location delivers to me, so I frequent it more. The pizza at this location (and it may be because it is delivered) does not seem to have the same quality as the other location. For example, I ordered a pizza with fresh basil and the basil was all burnt as if they put it through the oven (usually you put it on after since it is fresh and all....). The pizza isn't bad, but it isn't great but I will continue to order form them as they are the only pizza place other than Pizza Hut that deliver to my apartment....*sigh*....
5	I'm totally bummed to report that the site's now listing the 8th Ave location as closed. 40th St. is still open, though (phew).
