4	Charlotte is low on the diner radar.  So, whenever one drops in (as this one did - literally!) they are always welcome.  French toast is yum.  Ask for a sampling of their 3 homemade hot sauces.  Grits could use a lil more TLC.  Prepare for  a packed place on big concert nights as it is right across the street from the NC Music Factory (actually, on the corner of their parking lot). Service was great and with a smile which makes "the diner" worthwhile anyway.
5	We have visited Mattie's a few times now and absolutely love it!  Our most recent visit was a 'family outing' with ages 3 yrs to 83 yrs. Everyone had a great meal and the atmosphere was upbeat, friendly and fun!  The fried pickles are awesome!  We enjoyed the wide variety on the menu and all of it was terrific!  The orange creamsicle shake and homemade carrot cake were delicious!  And, we didn't break the bank taking everyone out.  The staff is very responsive and a lot of fun.  Every time we have visited, Mattie is always working behind the counter.  It is great to hear his diner stories!  This diner is a "must visit"!
4	Oh Mattie, you make us fattie's! Or, maybe we did the ordering and should take responsibility. Small diner located in NC Music Factory has a menu fit for everyone. From what I can tell, all homemade. Started with friend pickles, which had homemade breading on them and were delish! Ordered the Reuben, which was good. Non-traditional as it comes with regular slaw vs. kraut, but it was good...a little sloppy, but it is what it is. Had to get a small side of mashed potatoes and gravy just because. Had a few bites and it was good. Menu is loaded with burgers and unique sandwiches. Entrees area available too. Of course, you can get breakfast all day! Prices were reasonable and make sure to save room from one of their many milkshake options.
4	I have to agree with Todd W - we should have ordered more responsibly, because I was in a shakcoma (shake - coma) for a few hours after I left Mattie's. I really appreciate a diner making it's way in CLT and Mattie's fits the bill quite nicely. It is indeed an old school diner, one that was transported from N.J. and now resides comfortable in the NC Music Factory area. All the servers and Mattie, himself, are just as nice as can be. They are all super laid back and really go out of their way to make sure every customer is welcomed and is enjoying his/her meal. Here are a few things I tried...Fried pickles: Delicious. DELICIOUS. I loved the slightly more crispy breading and combo of spices. These are definitely made at the diner and not purchased pre-packaged or frozen. Plus, the dipping sauce is slammin'. Chili: Not my fave - only because I prefer beans loaded in my chili. The flavor, however, was nice and meaty and had a little kick of heat in it too. Strawberry shake: The probable cause of my food coma. It's a thick, but not too thick, strawberry bomb of deliciousness. Mattie's uses real strawberries and probably some type of drug, because I couldn't get enough and I'm already thinking about the next one. :)I'm definitely excited to go back to Mattie's and try some other menu items...and probably another shake off of their extensive menu.
5	Anytime I go to a concert at the Fillmore I HAVE  to go to Mattie's. Their food is awesome. Their burgers are to die for and their milk shakes...wow I think they put crack in them! The staff are awesome and remember me each time I come in. One of my favorite places to eat at.
1	After eating lunch here twice I am left wondering, "Has Mattie ever BEEN to a real diner?" The food is awful. The french fries are made from some kind of reconstituted potato paste, they're not even real. The "Drunken Onion Rings" were so grease-laden they were inedible and for $4.95 we got exactly 6 of them. The (krautless) Pastrami Reuben was a complete disaster. A) it was served on pumpernickel swirl bread, NOT rye and 2) the bread wasn't grilled so the whole turned to mush in a matter of minutes. Same with the stale hamburger bun--grill it, ya mook!Just because you imported an authentic structure from Jersey doesn't mean you know bupkus about diner food. Stick with pulled pork and pimiento cheese.
4	Mattie's Diner definitely has the old 50's/60's vibe.  It is decorated in respect to this time period but conveniently has an updated, digital jukebox!  True to the era, each table comes equipped with mini-jukeboxes (display only), and fuzzy dice :)  I really enjoyed talking to Mattie, one of the owners.  I could tell that he was genuinely interested in our opinion of the food, and also shared with us some of his inspirations behind the recipies.  By far, one of my favs was "Mattie's Mom's Meatloaf."  I've never been a huge meatloaf lover but this one was stuffed with mozzarella and topped with onion and marinara - delicious!!  Coming from the North, I appreciate the marinara much more than the thick brown gravy style.   Appetizer wise, my top pick was "Chrissy's Buffalo Chicken Dip."  It had a great kick but not too overwhelming.  The best part was the real chunks of chicken and the very yummy thick cut chips for dipping.  I grabbed a menu to look over prices and other entree choices.  Overall, I think the prices are reasonable for quality homemade food.   For example, the "Mattie's Mom's Meatloaf" is only $8.99 and comes with 2 sides.  The sides range from mac and cheese, garlic spinich, onion rings and many more.I will definitely return to try some breakfast food (served anytime)!
4	Finally I made it back to Mattie's.  After the amazing yelp event we had here I couldn't wait to sink my teeth into some good greasy diner food once again.  This place is pretty awesome... the waitstaff is incredibly friendly and the food is really good.  I brought my guests here from out of town and when we left everyone wanted to go home and take a nap...so thank you Mattie for filling our tummies.  The fried pickles were awesome and I loved my turkey burger pita next time I'll have to try some breakfast.
5	Mattie's Diner is the perfect little, and i do mean little, slice of home for me. This might be because the diner itself is originally from the great Garden State, or because Mattie, who is, as far as I can tell, always behind the counter, grew up in the same town as my dad. I suspect though, that it has more to do with the authentic greasy, delicious, all over the map food that they serve up.After the Yelp Elite event my interest was definitely piqued but what really cemented Mattie's in as a staple in my Charlotte dining repertoire was the brunch we grabbed there the following saturday. I had been craving a Taylor ham (it's like pork roll, but accept no substitutes!), egg & cheese sandwich (with S/P/Ketchup, natch) since May when I moved out of Jersey. Not only does Mattie's make it but they were obliging enough to swap out the roll they normally serve it on for a bagel (as God intended it). I cried little NJ tears as I ate.It is also worth noting that they make their own hot sauce and that while their homefries are very tasty indeed on their own, they are significantly better when dipped in housemade hot sauce.The only thing that didnt remind me of home at Mattie's was the staff, because as far as i can tell none of them were currently on drugs, unneccisarily rude or wanted free therapy from their patrons.  Everyone was absolutely charming from the moment we walked through the door to the moment we folded up our finished crossword and left...with a takeout menu in hand and the address favorited in my GPS.
5	Finally an awesome diner in Charlotte... Loved loved. We both got the turkey burgers, my husband the hot one and me (i can't remember except it was great.  The beer battered onion rings were fabulous  This is the first time I was able to taste the beer in the batter.  I can't wait to come back and try the breakfast
4	When my mom flew in to Charlotte, i thought this would be a good place to take our guests. They both had breakfast and seemed to be satisfied. Mom claimed to really enjoy the potatoes.  Mattie's is just a cute little diner sort of plopped in the corner of the big parking lot in the NC Music Factory area. i went with lunch and ordered the meatloaf with mac n cheese and mashed potatoes. i never knew i was a meatloaf fan, but this is definitely some delicious meatloaf. i had a sample at the Yelp gathering here and knew i wanted to try some more. This meal left me feeling nice and fat, in a good way. My only regret is we didn't try a milkshake this trip. Also at the Yelp gathering here, got to try the hot dog/bacon thing (something Tommy)  and would recommend trying that as well andi'm guessing the Spiked Elvis will be a hit someday. Service was friendly, prompt and actually seemed to enjoy being there which always makes for a more enjoyable experience.
4	Mattie's is just so damn cute, with their mauve interior and old jukeboxes at each table - I'm glad I went on a late night date here after attending the Fillmore!We arrived about 12:15am on a Friday and we were the only people in the joint - server was a black woman with a mohawk and couldn't have been nicer. 2 gents behind the counter were equally as cheerful and welcoming, and balanced being laid back and genuinely interested in how things were really well.Since we weren't that hungry, we didn't get the pickles and just ordered entrees. I got the Cali Wrap (turkey, bacon, sprouts, guac., ranch, tomatoes) which was really good but a little heavy on the guacamole for my tastes. My date went breakfast style and got 2 blueberry pancakes (huge, he said they were amazing!), 2 sausage patties (no links there!), and scrambled eggs.We ALMOST got a milkshake (pumpkin cheesecake how you tempted me!), but we left shake-free with a vow to come back and try it again soon. Definitely worth a stop, especially at 2am Thursday-Sunday since it's one of the few places that's open! I am not sure I would go frequently during the daytime though, just because of the location - I don't go to the Music Factory area much.BTW, prices are pretty reasonable too - I expected them to inflate the prices due to the hoards of drunk kids they must have coming through the doors alot. But no - our meal tax included was $16. All milkshakes are $3.99, too!
4	Feel Of NOSTALGIA here, the breakfast was great.  And the wait staff was very bubbly.  The Pappy's breakfast is great, and the guy on the grill had a great sense of humor... A great place to eat when you want your GREAT food fast
4	If you love meat loaf, then Mattie's is the place to go, they have great meat loaf
4	Mattie's is a great addition to Charlotte.  It is comfortable and unpretentious.  It is not a yuppie diner wanna-be, which is good.  The portions are generous, the prices reasonable, and the value good.  I have eaten at Mattie's several times and have never been disappointed.
4	It was our first trip to Mattie's -- but it won't be our last.I eat at many places where I'm not impressed enough to write a review. But Mattie's? I am compelled.We arrived at 12:30 in the middle of the lunch hour. As expected, there wasn't a cool seat in the house. But a booth was soon vacated, cleaned, and occupied by yours truly.Read all these reviews. Every one has a favorite menu item mentioned, so that's a task I need not belabor. I had the BBQ sandwich and my wife, Rita, had a cheeseburger. That gets an unenthusiastic yawn, right?Wrong! She finished it! People, my sweetie eats like a bird. When we go out we usually bring home enough in the doggie bag for two or three more meals.That didn't happen at Mattie's. Instead of a little bird peck peck pecking at her plate, she was a lolcat nom nom nomming. A genuine pleasure to watch.My BBQ sandwich was piled high and the top bun was leaning precariously. The meat was moist and tasty, but, for some reason, without the smoky flavor. I'm not a fan of the Eastern NC, vinegar-based BBQ sauce, but Mattie has done something to his version and it's delicious. The fries were good, hot and flavorful. If I had to critique, I'd cut them just a bit thicker, Nom nom nom.Dessert was apple pie for me and four-layer chocolate cake for Rita. Although the pie was good, there was nothing special about it. Rita finished her cake, too! Wow! Then she scraped the plate with her fork for the last little bits of frosting. That's all the recommendation anyone should need.During the lunch rush, it's a noisy place with everyone talking at once. That includes the guys behind the counter who kept up a running conversation with customers and friendly wait staff while crankin' out the orders.One of those guys turned out to be Mattie himself. When things slowed down, he came over to our table and chatted a bit and gave us the story of the diner and how he had it hauled from New Jersey or someplace and spent  months and months getting it ready for the grand opening.Oh yes -- we'll be back.
5	It's probably a good thing that I can't go into Charlotte proper as often as I want, because if I had constant access to Mattie's, I would be a thousand pounds.  I went last night with Danielle P. and Jake B. who are regulars, and we sat at the counter in front of the grill...definitely try to sit there if you can!  You get to chat with Mattie himself and also watch all of the delicious grill items being cooked up before your very eyes.  I watched him create a burger with grilled cheeses for buns for Jake, even though it's not on the menu.  That's just the kind of place this is:  You have an idea for something, and Mattie will probably make it for you.  What I had was the Cowboy burger, which is a bacon cheeseburger with BBQ sauce and "an onion ring" which actually turned out to be "two giant onion rings."  The onion rings were amazing and added crunch and sweetness, the bacon was cooked PERFECTLY and there was a ton.  The burger itself was burger perfection...well seasoned, nice crust on the outside, juicy inside.  And topped with BBQ sauce on a slightly grilled bun...NOM.  NOM FOREVER.  It seriously made me wonder why I don't always put BBQ sauce on my burgers.  For a side I got the garlic mashed potatoes, but I was too engrossed in the burger to take more than a few bites.  They were, however, my favorite kind (smashed red potatoes), and very delicious.  Even the pickle was yummy!I can't wait to come back and try their breakfast stuff, although my tummy will most likely be crying for the Cowboy burger again.  PLEASE do yourself a favor and eat here.
5	Mattie's deserves another star...why?Fantastic flapjacks, folks. Freakin' fantastic. I kid you not, I indulged in one of the best breakfasts I've had in quite some time. I'm a total pain in the ass and ordered my flapjacks with more toppings than a deluxe pizza. Yes, I went with flapjacks with bananas, pecans and chocolate chips. It was a mass of amazing. The flapjacks were chock full of those delicious morsels, light and fluffy on the inside and had a nice, light crisp on the outside. Oh, and let's not forget the sausage patties. Taaaaasty little patties, they were. I have been thinking about those pancakes every morning. Thanks Matties, now in addition to your incredible milkshakes I'm now addicted to your flapjacks. Hello my name is Nicole and I am a Mattie's flapjack addict.
5	Finally a diner in Charlotte that serves delicious food in that tin box atmosphere that makes it taste just a smidge better! A friend has been raving about Mattie's for weeks, so I decided to try it out with her on Fat Tuesday - how apropos, right? The menu includes all the delicious breakfast items (served all day) and fried favorites you'd expect; if you're looking for an uber-healthy meal, this is not the place. But you won't be disappointed if you do try out Mattie's; the food/service was fantastic!Mattie's is located in the NC Music Factory ; you can't miss it as it looks exactly like what you think a diner should - cramped and made of all that shiny metal. There is plenty of parking, but beware...if you try to hit Mattie's up during peak times, you may have to wait. The diner is open 24 hours Thursday - Sunday, and I bet is pretty packed at breakfast time and for those late night, post-bar snacks. We went mid-week and had no problem sitting right down.Get the pancakes. Seriously get them. You will not be disappointed. As per usual, I just had to tailor my order so I could get the set of three pancakes as different flavors. Although a serious pain for our server, he was really gracious and took care of us well throughout our meal. I ended up ordering one blueberry, one chocolate chip, and one peanut butter. The pancakes are huge, but I ended up finishing both the chocolate chip and peanut butter (together, of course - what a delish combo). I then took the blueberry home for breakfast, and it was just as good as those I ate the night before.  For a side item I ordered the home fries, which were a bit greasy (as you'd expect at a diner) but very good. I honestly couldn't have eaten them all, anyway, after shoveling in the two humongous pancakes.I've honestly been looking for a good breakfast place in Charlotte since I moved here over five years ago; in Mattie's, I've found it.
5	To quote the late-great Rick James; "Holy smokes and Gee Whiz!!!"Why, for the love of all that is holy, have I not been here before today?!?  Just as I was about to give up hope for a dinah-mite breakfast joint, I read Nicole W.'s review and braved the storms to try one more spot.  And boy am I glad I did!When I entered, the man with the golden spatula started cursing my choice of head wear (a Red Sox visor).  At that moment, I knew I was in for a great experience!I sat down at the counter and started to go thru the menu for possible victims.  I decided on the Shepard omelet.  While waiting for the food, i read about Mattie's Diner, and it's Homer-esque journey to Charlotte.  When the omelet arrived, it was as if the heavens opened and I heard the voice of my maker say, "You're welcome!"  OMG was it awesome.  No, it was beyond awesome, it was WICKED awesome!  The ingredients were fresh, the portion was plentiful, and the taste....oh the taste!  During the meal, I had a chance to talk to the owner/cook and the ladies that work there.  I had a great conversation about old school diners, and the lost art of breakfast.Overall, GREAT food, GREAT selection, GREAT atmosphere, GREAT people!  The price for the meal was more than reasonable, and well worth every penny!  It took me six months of living and searching in Charlotte for the best breakfast joint.  If you only have time to have ONE breakfast in Charlotte, I highly recommend Mattie's.  They truly are "dinah-mite!"  I'll be going back to try everything on the menu...and my eye is on the Hunka Hunka Burnin' Toast!Noosh!
5	Five fist-pumping stars!!  A sweet piece of Jersey in the Queen City!!  The wonderful class of New Jersey has found a spot in Charlotte to call its own.  Mattie's Diner is my little slice of heaven.  As much as I am embarrassed to admit that I am a New Jersian (thanks to the TV show Jersey Shore), today I feel a little more proud of my roots.  Our little state is the capital of the world for diners.  You can't spin once around without seeing two or three diners.  And we love it that way.  It also makes us "fist pumpers" from the Jerz laugh a little when people call their restaurants down here... a "DINER".   Until now... Mattie's is authentic!!  Authentic authentic auuuuuuthentic.. Fist-Pump approved!  My better half and I just had to stop here after Yelpy hour with our fellow Yelpers.  I thought the location was a little weird but then soon realized the genius behind it.  It is placed near an evolving night life locale.  I would imagine that Mattie's gets swamped with people from 11pm -3am.  Hoards of hungry and "not so thirsty" clubbers.. I would suggest going here during normal human hours and taking in what the whole place has to offer.  50's style with that homemade spice!  We ordered your basic breakfast meals (eggs/bacon) and then topped that off with a flapjack.  If I were to going to try to describe how good it was and how fast we ate it, I would say something like this... ""mmmm gmmgmgmmgmsmgm (breathe) mmmammgmmmummmgmg (breathe)  gulpgulpgulp mmumumumumm aaannnnd done."  Next time, I am really going to concentrate on slowing down and enjoying it more.  That is what round 2 is for, right?  We finished in record time and were told that we have to try the burger and the meatloaf.  It is supposedly the best thing on the menu.  Check back for a burger update soon.  Make the trip out here and give it a try.  Oh yeah.. Whole tab = $12 (for two)  Yeah!  Enjoy!  -Ian M.
5	Matties is an authentic, old school diner that serves great food.  I'm so happy that I stumbled upon this place. It's tucked away in the NC music factory. Not only was the food delicious but the service was top notch and I was served by Mattie himself. Their homemade hot sauce packs some good heat with a little sweetness...if you stop by make sure you try it.  I would recommend Matties Diner to anyone looking to get some tasty homemade food in Charlotte.
4	It's so great to suddenly have a few all-hours places in Charlotte to choose from.  Mattie's is itself a great addition.  The actual structure is classic; most of the interior seems to be original from when the diner was up in Jersey.  There are table jukes, but they're just for decoration.The menu is sprawling and has all of what you would expect from a diner.  Prices are maybe a little higher than at your typical divey greasy spoon, but still pretty reasonable.I went recently and got breakfast after midnight.  Everything, including the coffee, was great, except for the eggs, which I ordered scrambled.  They weren't fluffy and nice, more overcooked and flat.  But that's kind of what you sign up for at a diner.Another thing is the location.  Mattie's is set back by Seaboard Ave., and all the clubs back there.  It's a really crazy part of town on a weekend night.  I'm sure Mattie's can turn into quite a scene.
4	First thing that came to mind when I opened my eyes this morning...pancakes! Knowing that Nicole W. can't get enough of the flapjacks at Mattie's, I knew where I needed to fix my craving! (I am using pancakes and flapjacks interchangeably...aren't they the same?! I know them as pancakes, but around these parts, I guess they're flapjacks...)Great location...super smart decision on Mattie's part! Great parking. Most importantly, great service and food. We were seated pretty quickly and didn't have to wait long for our food either. I ordered a couple pancakes with peanut butter on top, added some honey, and it was just what I needed! I can't wait to go back and try a few different types of pancakes...like with chocolate chips. My husband got a regular breakfast with eggs and potatoes...made perfectly. Not oily and seasoned just right. They even have their own hot sauce in lieu of Tabasco.Our server was so nice and super attentive. I got a kick out of her saying, "I thought I smelled money so I thought I'd come over..." when we were ready to pay. When you go, read the cover story...it warmed my heart! The place is really cool and I think I've found my new breakfast spot!
4	Great servers who were very sweet and quick turnaround for my food to come after ordering it makes this my new favorite diner in Charlotte.  I am a Yankee who has been missing this kind of food, service, and ambiance but even the most country fried southerner could enjoy themselves here. Conveniently located across the street from teh NC Music Factory I am sure they get lenty of rowdy revelers from the 7 bars and nightclubs but they stayed calm steady and pleasant.  I loved my cheesesteak and cheese fries and did not need a to go box even though the portion was healthy, which is a first for me.  I just ate every last deliciously greasy bite.  I will definitley be back to sample more items from the menu.
4	Food was so so. Banana pancake was too dense for my taste. Ordered egg white omelette and bacon burger - both are non-impressive. Finally ordered a SHAKE to go. That did it: it's so creamy and rich. Out of this world, and I understand why people say it's addictive. Ladies: order your own shake please, because no one wants to share.
5	I love greasy spoon diners, and Charlotte has found its' best greasy spoon diner. As a Northern transplant, from NYC, Mattie's Diner is exactly the same kind of roadside diner I used to frequent, a no-frills joint that took its' food very seriously. And us Yankees take our diners very seriously.Mattie's doesn't try too hard to be "authentic," by posing itself as some hip eatery; instead, the focus is on quality eats and an atmosphere that can't be beat. Handspun milkshakes, a killer meatloaf (complete with mozzarella!), a Jersey burger topped with fried egg and ham, and a Buffalo chicken dip that'll punch you in the face from sheer hotness! Hooah!You go to Mattie's when you don't give a hoot about your diet, because you ain't gonna go for their salad. You're going for pure fried delightfulness.
4	Came from Atlanta for a concert in downtown Charlotte. Saw the other good reviews and gave it a try.  Ate here for dinner the first night, and loved it so much it was lunch the next day. Great people, excellent onion rings, burgers and sandwiches. Very cool little place. Highly recommended.
5	For diners? This place is perfect.The staff is super cool, the prices are just right and the environment is diner ideal.They have outdoor seating! And this location is great because you can read the marquee at the Fillmore right across the road.Their french toast? Phenomenal. My friend got an omelet and I guess their hot sauce is pretty fantastic as well.And you can't hate on the hours! Thursday through Sunday they're open 24-7.Next time I'm out on the town, I'm recommending to the drunks that we head over to Mattie's for breakfast the next day, or late night noms the night before.
5	We played at the Fillmore last week, and I was overjoyed to find this place right across the street and so highly rated. I soon found out why, and ended up here for lunch AND dinner. Lunch we started with the buffalo chicken dip, which was otherworldly. Chunks of chicken and blue cheese and hot sauce served with chips(made in house? tasted that way) and veggies. SO good. If you are a fan at all of that flavor combination, you need to give it a spin. I ordered the veggie wrap, with the garlic spinach on the side. the wrap was tasty, and the the spinach may have been the best spinach I have eaten in my whole life. I couldn't believe how perfect it was cooked and how delicious the garlic and olive oil that made up the dish worked together. Truly a masterpiece. Again, lunch was so good, I came back for dinner. This time I ordered the veggie burger, and of course the spinach. I was trying to counteract the calorie fest I consumed earlier in the day with the buffalo dip, which is why I went veggie burg. Kudos to this place for giving you different options, healthy and non, and knocking both of them out of the park. And to top it all off, this place is in a killer old diner car, which gives it the perfect atmosphere to go a long with the amazing food. Can't wait to come back. Viva Mattie.
3	I am sorry. I was not impressed. Again, I went somewhere REALLY wanting to like it. I left bored.I am surprised by the amount of people who seem to really love it. The food was average to below average. The ambiance is adorable, the location is awesome, but the food is blah.  We also were hoping for some amazing pie. Don't diners typically have pie? We didn't see homemade pie anywhere (perhaps it was there and we just overlooked it- but I like my diners to show off their pies)This is the sort of place you go to because you are already in the location. This is not the destination.
4	While a diner with a name like Mattie's just begs to be given the 'Mickey' treatment, I am going to hold off.  You see, I am not on television because of the video.  No one wants to see my ugly mug staring out at them.  I am not on radio because no one wants to hear my voice.  And neither should be associated with food.  So just sing it to yourself.  You know the words.Start with the building.  It is a classic.  This is not a building made to look like a diner, like one of those from Denny's.  This is actually a diner, resurrected in Charlotte to serve classic diner fare just about any time (they are open 24 hours Thursday through Sunday).  I guess that makes it 24-3 (or 3.5, perhaps).  Not quite 24-7, but close.For food, you can get breakfast any time.  Most swear by their flapjacks.  Those are pancakes to most of us.  But you can get other items too, like french toast, quesadillas and even s.o.s.  Naturally they have burgers and sandwiches, but make sure you save room for dessert.  Each of the items typically range from good to excellent.Perhaps most importantly, the staff is typically great.  Incredibly friendly, and superbly so while you try and figure out what on earth you are going to have from the menu.  The only time they tend to slip is when they are slammed - usually during events - so try and keep that in mind, kay?
3	I shoulda ordered the flapjacks, or the burger, or the buffalo chicken dip like everyone raves about! Actually, I ordered an omelet and my friend ordered that breakfast quesadilla. It was fine. The eggs were cooked perfectly and the sausage was tasty. Warning: do not order grits! They were not good! Loved the diner car and the staff were very friendly and responsive. I'll be back - and I'll order the flapjacks!
5	As NJ natives we remember the Bound Brook diner. When I discovered Mattie's here on YELP I knew that's where I HAD to take my mom before the theater.It was PERFECT! A real NJ diner experience. My Pork Roll, Egg and Cheese SPK on a hard roll was just as I remembered it being (greasy, drippy, YUMMY!!!!) Mom had the french toast (which she is VERY particular about) and she truly enjoyed and ate 90% of. (they serve you a lot).The environment and story behind it was what made it an experience. Having the owner, Mattie, regale us with tales of the diner's history was awesome.We will be visiting often. I cannot wait to bring my husband and father for Italian Hot Dogs!!
4	I enjoyed a great lunch at Mattie's today.  I ordered the veggie wrap with a side of green beans.  The wrap was divine (one of my favorite words).  Afterwards, I shared a huge piece of homemade carrot cake (1st slice of the day).  It, too, was divine - I kid you not!  This cake is the real deal.  I had been craving carrot cake for over six months.  Now that I have had my fill, I think I will not have another slice for another six months.  Some of hte plates I saw coming out were huge (burgers).  I will definitely visit Mattie's for another meal.  At that time, I think I will try the omelette.
4	Mattie's could make for a movie set, and I think it's an odd case of reality mimicking our fantasy of a diner. Unlike a lot of places though, this feels authentic. The owners put this silver car on the back of a flap-top truck and drove it all the way from New Jersey. Now, they grill burgers on a flap-top grill, and us Charlotteans are eating the history and the food.I work by this no-frills place during the week, so it's been on the to-do docket for months. It's not a big item off of a Bucket list, but it's something I'm glad to have experienced.The service comes across as one family organized around being attentive. There's a dynamic range in the wait-staff's ages and sarcasm. In between jokes, I found it pretty hard to believe that Mattie's hasn't been here since the 50s. Each table comes fitted with a jukebox with an iTunes-like variety.I didn't go for the breakfast menu, but you can order off of it whenever you want. I went for a "Blackened Blue" burger (blackened burger spices with blue cheese). The patty is about as thick as a deck and a half of cards, and though a little salty, there are some flavors that remind me of what burgers ought to be like. The toasted bun should be a model for many others: with a slight crunch and no squish, it's like Mattie's has exported my backyard cook-out bun like the diner car.A menu as big as the servers' hearts means you can always come back. There are some clever names ("Where's the Beef" wrap and the "SOS"), and plenty of sweeter choices, too. The milkshakes look awesome, and after some savory burgers and disco fries, an ice cream shake is mandatory. It had a history in Jersey, but it's starting to build one here in Charlotte.
5	Born and raised in Jersey.. big hair and all I don't mess around when it comes to diners and breakfast food. I will wake up anytime of the day for a good breakfast. I had driven past Mattie's a few times and to be honest, I thought it was just an imitation diner. My mom came into town a few weeks ago and after seeing the " Yankee Fan parking" we knew we had found a good way to start the day. We both got pancakes simply as a side to our eggs. The pancakes were super thin and fluffy! My eggs were amazing and the side of gravy and susage added a loved southern flair. Our waitress was great and my coffee never got cold with all the refills!Fun side note: our massive calorie loaded breakfast was less exspensive than waffle house!
2	Reading other reviews - I need to discuss our experience and what we ordered. We went there this past Sunday at about 12:30pm - we typically eat a late breakfast so decided to detour from our usual haunts (Sammy's/Flying Biscuit), and try some place new. Sadly we will not be back (I say sadly b/c we like to spend local).Issues with the biz; (a) service was slow (even by Charlotte standards), (b) NO BISCUITS ON THE MENU - is Mattie's in North Charlotte?!?!?!, (C) the menu states that grits are not served past 11:30am - again is Mattie's in North Charlotte?!?!?!.Order: (a) I ordered the breakfast quesadilla - it was good, but not worth recommending, (b) my fav girl ordered eggs (which came out cold?!?!), and grits with cheese - even the cheese did not make the grits good (maybe  we are spoiled from Flying Biscuit creamy dreamy grits!!!).That was our experience.
4	I love matties, the fact that they drug it down from NJ land of the diners and where I grew up makes it even better.They don't have a gigantic menu like a lot of diners do but, they do have a good selection and everything I've had there has been really good. I'm especially happy to see Taylor ham on a few dishes. It wasn't that long ago you couldn't find TH anywhere down here.I like the visible flat top so you can see your food being made and that it's usually Mattie himself that's working it. There is usually some good music cranking on the jukebox too.
1	Alright - My wife and I are both from Jersey. Decided to stop in after a concert. I was really excited about having a Jersey Diner in Charlotte.I really, really wanted to like this place. Atmosphere A +, Food C-.How do you screw up a grilled cheese? Don't grill it...Now if it has several types of cheeses you would think they would figure it out. Unmelted cheese on bread...c'mon The cheese was not melted but warmed. Now if you are from Jersey, you know what fries and gravy are..right. Come on guys, gravy was terrrible, tasted like it was from a jar or some type of base, water and heavy flour. Fries need to be crisp before you put the gravy on top. Now for the good - The Jersey breakfast sandwhich, Taylor Ham, egg and cheese on a roll. Everything except the roll tasted fine. They use seeded hamburger buns (day old). Kaiser Roll, Hard Roll, Roll, Roll,Roll, come on here. Any redemption - Not on this trip. Looks like thier desserts where good and they had banana pudding milk shakes, but we didn't want to take the chance. If you bring a Jersey Diner to Charlotte you have to do it right the first time! Sorry!
1	stopped in for something to eat before a concert. Their fried pickles were almost just batter with the slightest bit of sliced pickle...The meatloaf was recommended to me by the waitor... it tasted as if they bunched together a bunch of meatballs and put some marina on top. green beans were very stringy and tasted as if they were straight from the can to the microwave to my table. My 3 friends and I did not care to finish our food even though we were hungry because it tasted pretty bad...However the workers were very friendly and nice.
4	Mattie's is a gem.  If you take a moment and read the history behind it you will love it even more.  Hard working people with good hearty food!  The last time my boyfriend and I went we overheard Mattie himself say he had worked 14 hours the night before, went home to sleep for two and was back at 8am with a smile on his face.Our waitresses were fun and friendly and the atmosphere is like stepping onto the set of 1950's movie.The menu is well thought out and all the food is delicious.  Just be warned... it's the kind of food that will put you into a food coma!  If you are planning to finish your plate you better also plan for a nap!Definitely worth seeing for yourself.
5	Try this place out if you havent. My close friend and old work associate and fellow line cook Mann works here and i no this guy can sling out some food. I worked at a friend of Mattie's with Mann and met him numerous times he is a great guy and cares about his food and everyone who works for him. Go late night to catch Mann slingin some food off that grill
5	I stumbled on this place when looking for a greasy spoon and found so much more. An old-school diner brought to the Queen City on a flatbed and restored to its original glory, Mattie's is an intimate little spot with six tight booths and about 20 stools at the counter. Located adjacent to the NC Music Factory's parking lot, the only downside of Mattie's is that it isn't more centrally located, especially for this fan living in South Charlotte.The breakfast omelets are filled with everything from pot roast & hashbrowns to italian sausage & peppers, and they'll all fill you up for just $6. The Hunka Hunka Burning Toast is my wife's favorite with it's thick slices of toast covered in Peanut Butter & Grilled Bananas. Yeah, you heard me... now go get one.The burgers are great, the shakes are think and packed with flavor, and the entrees are comfort food to the core: Fried Chicken, Spaghetti & Meatballs, and Ma's Meatloaf. Ma apparently melted a layer of cheese in the meatloaf and then piled on the marinara & grilled onions. Be sure to thank her (via Mattie) when you're done.But the best part of Mattie's is the chance to mash those two previous paragraphs tomorrow. Off-the-menu requests are all fair game, so get Meatloaf IN your omelet. You won't need to eat until dinner, and you'll have a smile on your face the whole time.Their lineup of sides are standard (cole slaw, garlic spinach, fries, mac n cheese), but all are made from scratch and sure to satisfy. Spice things up with a cup of their house-made hot sauce. They're starting to experiment with some other sauces this winter thanks to a local Lake Wylie pepper grower, so something fiery's bound to come out of that.They've just started selling beer, too: a small, cans-only selection that they, again, have taken the time to make the most of. Last time I was there they had two Oskar Blues' varieties and a Belgian. It's now a full-service option after a concert.They treat that diner like their home, and you're guests every server and everyone on the line will do their best to accomodate. Stop in for breakfast on the weekend or a late-night bite when you're out - they stay open 24/7 Thursday - Sunday.
4	I have been to Mattie's a couple of times now both times on a Sunday morning for some good Diner breakfast!! My favorite so far is the Chicken Fried Chicken, its batter is great it's salty but in a good way!! I find the service to be ok nothing special. The food comes up quick so you are in and out of there in like 30mins which is great!! I forgot to mention that they have Cheese Fries and Gravy-if your from up North you know what I'm talking about- It's a staple on any Diner menu!!
5	this place is delish!!!  i can't wait to go back!  awesome breakfast, fun old-school diner look, extremely nice staff...doesn't get much better!!my boss asked myself & a co-worker to pick between mattie's and another place & after a quick glance at the reviews we went with matties....thank goodness!!!  i don't think we could have chosen a better breakfast-meeting spot. my boss & i both had "pappy's" aka 2 eggs, meat choice, home fries, & toast..& much to my surprise they had LIVERMUSH (trust me, i know it sounds gross, but i'm picky & it's so good)....YOU HAVE NO IDEA THE EXCITEMENT THAT CAME OVER ME.  nobody ever has livermush, i have to go to my tiny lil southern hometown to find that in a restaurant so this definitely added some points :)my co-worked ordered "hunka hunka burnin' toast" aka challah french toast, peanut butter, grilled bananas, powdered sugar, & choice of breakfast meat (not something picky me would eat but she loved it)the food was extremely tasty.  all 3 of us were very happy.  the service was great.  even though i knocked an entire glass of water into my lap making a fool of myself and a complete mess our waitress was still very helpful and nice.highly recommend checking this place out!!
2	I'm sorry yelp community, but I really don't get why this place is getting such high marks. Yes, the retro diner thing is cute but I was not impressed with the food at all. Had the pastrami reuben with mac and cheese --- eh and yuck. Had their famous wings --- eh some more. Asked for a wet nap, and they said they don't carry any. Ordered beer and asked for a cold glass, and they only had a plastic Mattie's Diner cup.I am willing though to give this place one more try for breakfast.
1	Well, I saw the diner profiled on the local public TV channel. I love diners and almost anything retro, so I decided to give it a try. The place looks nice and def' has the look. It ends right there. The server took the drink order and brought us two coffees, barely half filled. The cups looked they were from the '50s due to the condition, but let's forget about details. A few minutes later I placed my order, simple french toast and an omelet.  45 minutes later, I had no food and see people that have entered after me finishing their meal. My half filled coffee had never been refilled and the server took an order at the table next to us... she walked right past my table and didn't even look. After 45 minutes, I walked across the diner and asked the server what was going on with out order. "I don't know. I'll check" she retorted. Her lack of concern irritated me and I said "I have been waiting patiently for 45 minutes."  I don't know, let me check" she replied, as if it were a recording. I sat down for another five minutes and got NO attention or answer. After seeing the movie "Waiting" I figured my time was up for a safe meal, so I left and nobody said anything to me.  At 44 years of age, I can say that it was the WORST dinding experience I have ever had. SKip this dump and hit Owen's bagel shop and deli. Great service and food, unlike Mattie's.
4	A Charlotte cop aimed me toward Matties. I craved a late breakfast and Matties easily fulfilled my requirements. Those are:  the food be tasty, hot, brown, and lots of it. I'll certainly return, despite the slowish service.
5	FINALLY got a chance to hit up Mattie's again (it had been a while since I last visited) and the NC Music Factory is a bit "off the beaten" path for me.Naturally it was a Sunday morning, just finished a nice booty loop ride on the bike and we were looking to "treat" ourselves for our nice long 12 mile ride... dodging traffic and church goers alike.It was nearly impossible to find a breakfast place that wasn't slammed (for the panther game that I had forgotten was a home game) or had ridonkulous parking situation.  I am still new to biking and didn't want to have my bike stolen right off of my car since I don't have a lock yet.  So we were dealing with multiple factors.After driving through south end / dilworth/ plaza midwood... It hit me that Mattie's should have a great breakfast and plenty of parking since it's not so close to the stadium and rowdy, bike-stealing tailgaters.  We trekked over and the diner wasn't too busy.  I parked in the huge parking lot and we grabbed a booth so I could see my car and bike (which sadly is worth more than my car) in full view the whole time we were eating.  Ended with the perfect situation.One of my favorite dishes ever is Eggs in a Basket.  Mattie's version is up there for me.  I know it's super simple to make, but just sitting there in the diner, listening to cool music (there was an 80's kick that day for some reason), and munching on delicious perfectly cooked eggs in a basket of wheat toast really made my morning.  The order comes with home fries and a meat, so I chose bacon.  There was something to be said about Mattie's bacon - very unique, in a good way.  I like very crispy bacon, but their version lacked the crispy, but I loved it anyway since it was so unique... must of been the cut... didn't seem over processed/manhandled and super fresh.I think we will make Mattie's a Sunday tradition after bike riding from now on.
1	There are some things they do good, then there's some things they do disastrously, horribly wrong. 3 visits here so far, and the only one I've had that was good was my first lunch here.The interior is small, warm and cozy. Did you know they brought the whole diner here all the way from Jersey!? That's pretty cool. The prices on most everything is pretty reasonable.The french toast is great, and so are the flapjacks. The veggie/cali wraps are great lunch options. But I guess none of these require too much cooking or precision so I guess that's why I liked them. The problems I've had every time I order an actual dish are just way too many that I can't overlook them in this case. My latest visit here at 2ish in the morning with a serious case of the munchies led me to order the "Ya might be a redneck" combo with a side of french toast. This comes with some chicken fried chicken with gravy, grits, toast, and eggs. Man that's a lot of food for only eight bucks! My french toast came out first and it was delish as usual, then my entree hit a brick wall on the yum/clean scale.The chicken fried chicken first off was extremely overcooked and black in some places, I had to take to stabbing it with my knife it was so tough to cut. Though I might have even forgiven this the gravy all over it was disgusting. Sawmill gravy is great and all, but in your rush to make it you added the milk/cream when it was entirely too hot and the whole thing turned into a curdled mess. I took one bite of this and set it aside. The grits were okay, and the toast was a dried up piece of bread. So I went for the only option left my scrambled eggs. Well the eggs were perfectly fine until I found pieces of shell in it. At this point I was seriously pissed, and when the waitress asked if I liked my food I politely said no I didn't like it at all. What I really wanted to say is look at this mess, would you want to eat it?Since our waitress just said sorry and didn't offer anything like maybe compensating the food that I didn't eat on the bill I just asked for the check because I wanted to get out of there and drink lots of wine at home and forget this whole experience.
3	This place is the perfect place for hangover food and is strategically placed in the heart of the NC Music Factory.  So whether you're stumbling out of Halo or Butter, these diner lights will call you by name.  I wouldn't necessarily say that it is a bad place, but I wouldn't say that it blew me out of the water.  Their hamburger and loaded fries cured my early morning munchies from a night of booty dancing at Butter.  I also enjoyed their music selection- very tasteful.  My order took awhile to get to me and the joint was fairly empty.  It seemed like they had a lot of take out orders.  Regardless, this place serves it's purpose and for that I am grateful.
5	What can I say about Mattie's.  It's a great Diner through and through.  We always come here for breakfast and have yet to be disappointed.   I usually get The Junkyard with it's heaping plate of chili, potatoes and eggs cooked to order. I've also sampled the Chicken fried chicken and it was crispy and tender at the same time!  I have to recommend their French Toast with the Challah bread.  It's so soft and sweet, you'll wish all French Toast was like this.     We usually see orders coming out for lunch that consist of burgers and such and they look great.  Maybe one day i'll try  them when I'm not too tempted with their breakfast.Oh and might I add that I live in Concord and drive here for breakfast!
5	I had the chance to go here this past Saturday afternoon looking to grab a milkshake.  Don't ask me why I wanted a milkshake on a Saturday afternoon in the middle of January, I just did, and Mattie's seemed like the perfect place to grab one.  After walking in and taking a seat at the counter with my girlfriend, a waitress took our order - strawberry milkshake with whipped cream.  All I can tell you folks, is that this is the best milkshake I've had in a long, long time.  It was the perfect consistency, not runny, but not so thick so that it couldn't be enjoyed via a straw. I'm not gonna lie, it took much longer than I would've expected to prepare a simple strawberry milkshake.  But it wasn't until I saw the waitress putting strawberries into the blender that I realized what the hold-up was.  YES, they actually make their milkshakes with REAL STRAWBERRIES folks!I've been to Mattie's a few other times after concerts at the Fillmore.  As I remember, their burgers where pretty good, although my stomach definitely wasn't too good the next morning.  Either way, this review isn't about the new Music Factory, the vast amounts of free parking or even the friendly service.  This review is all about the milkshake baby and it starts and stops at delicious!!
4	I went in for lunch using one of the Living Social Instant Deals (in this case $5 for 8 worth of food). I did find out you must dine-in to get this deal. I went with a meatball sub and a side of red skin mashed potatoes (can never pass up those!) Both were very good but could have stood to be a little warmer temperature-wise. I sat at the counter so  I noticed it was a nuking procedure which is fine I suppose for a quick-diner place but at least make sure its hot.  I will say the meatballs and sauce they use are delicious/homemade and they do not skimp on cheese. My only other complaint is that the prices on the menu are different online than at the diner itself. If you offer deals online you need to make sure your menu is at least correct. Service was friendly and efficient and I am sure I'll be back because the food is much better than other diners I've tried in the area.
5	1. Best 3 AM diner... ever. 2. Milkshakes = incredible. 3. Always an eclectic and eccentric crowd. Especially if I'm there.4. Mac and Cheese sucks. Except after about 6-8 drinks. Then delicious.5. Burgers are awesome. 6. Prices are just right.7. Awesome shirts. 8. Right near some of my favorite bars. What's not to love?
3	Really 2.75 but I'll round up.  Burgers were tasty but could've used some mayo, fries crispy. Glad I didn't order the onion rings for a buck extra- straight out of a bag. Kid's pancakes were pretty heavt on grill grease and only 2 slcs of bacon although good. Coffee is grandma coffee- Maxwell House.  Only real complaint was the general grunginess. Yeah, it's a dining car by the clubs but seriously, Comet and elbow grease is just not that precious. For the $ I'd probably stick to Cook Out for burgers or IHOP for pancakes just to eat in a cleaner enviroment.
5	My husbands family is from New Jersey so when we saw this on Yelp we had to try it! Definitely didn't disappoint! The cheesesteaks were awesome including the fresh rolls they used. We thought the were better than Big Johns in NJ! French toast was great and Milkshakes were amazing. Friendly atmosphere and Mattie was great to talk to about NJ. Highly recommend
4	Generally, I avoid the parking cluster and nightclub scene at NC Music Factory like the plague, but after experiencing Mattie's Disco Fries, I may need to reconsider.It's all my favorite things on one plate: French fries, cheddar cheese and brown gravy = Gooey salty carb heaven.Our group rolled in just before closing on a Sunday night and we were treated incredibly well, welcomed warmly even though I'm pretty sure we kept the staff there late. We'll be back for sure.
5	This place was awesome. It wasn't overwhelmingly busy when we were there, which is nice because the place is compact and I get claustrophobic in crowds. Sadly between getting our drink orders in and placing our dinner orders, the last piece of meatloaf was gone. The crew was SUPER nice about it and offered to rush me some that was in the oven. I ordered the chicken fried steak instead and it was AWESOME. The sides were tasty as well. The P.O.P. sign said they had a banana shake, I had no choice but to order that as well. It was ambrosia-tastic. The only thing that could have made it better was vanilla wafer chunks in the shake along with the one that comes on top. But that would clog the straw, and the shake was already quite thick.Great food, great atmosphere, VERY friendly crew. Will most definitely return.
4	I've been here both for breakfast and late night...both times were very different but equally delicious.  The wait staff is incredibly friendly and efficient. Considering the amount/type of people they see Fridays and Saturdays all hours of the night it was definitely impressive to get the same great service we got for breakfast.  The breakfast menu has the basics but also offers things with a twist.  The french toast is amazing and some of the omelets looked really good (one with italian meats, mozzarella, and marinara sauce...unique!) Your standard breakfast fare made quickly and with quality ingredients.  They brought out coffee is a variety of different mugs you would find in your own kitchen cabinets, definitely a nice, homey touch.  It was also cool to watch the cooks behind the counter, they work very quickly but definitely make an effort to keep everything clean and well prepared. Not overly crowded but definitely a good flow of people, always a sign the place is good.Our late night stop entailed one of the best burgers I've ever had.  Order the Cowboy, comes with American Cheese, BBQ sauce, an Onion Ring, and Bacon...as well as a referral to a cardiologist.  It was amazing.  The actual burger was very well cooked, not dry at all, properly seasoned (not too salty), and good quality meat.  Definitely an impressive burger to get around 2 a.m.  If you are looking for a classic diner breakfast or a late night bite Mattie's is certainly where I would go.  Great service, good menu, and a fun atmosphere.
4	After a night of partying at the NC Music Factory, we were walking back to our car and spontaneously decided to stop into Matties for a early morning/after party snack.  The place is a small little diner, but I like the atmosphere. They have a nice selection of typical diner foods and of course, they serve breakfast anytime. (Yay!) The food was good (and reasonably priced), the service was good, and we all left fat and happy!
1	This place looks to be a local gem and I was really looking forward to getting my grub on. Sadly I did not get to experience it though because for some reason they decided not to follow their own posted hours.Located it on yelp, drove about 15 minutes off my route to stop by and get lunch. Found that despite posting they are open until 3 on yelp and on their front steps, they decided to close at 2:20 ... just as I am pulling up.
5	Came here for breakfast! Delicious! The french toast was wonderful! Very cool ambiance!
2	Stopped by on a Sunday morning around 10:00.  Things were busy, but not overly so,  I took a seat at the counter and perused the menu.  I decided on the flapjacks with bacon and two eggs on the side.  My waitress put in the order and lickety-split it was back in maybe five minutes.The flapjacks were decent.  Nothing remarkable, but they were good.  I was majorly disappointed that they only offered Country Crock.  When I asked my waitress if they had any butter butter.  She said no, only the spread.  This got me thinking about what they were using to cook their food with.  Eggs were good, but the bacon was a little on the chewy side.I noticed on the menu that they had rice krispie bricks and I asked for one of those to go.  Unfortunately, they don't sell those anymore.  This begs the question, if a restaurant stops making a menu item, why make it available in the menu?Service started out well, buit at the diner got busier it just evaporated.I'll come back to try lunch, but I think there are too many better breakfast options in the CLT.
4	We went on a Sunday morning around 8:00, and I figured we'd just missed the rush!  It's definitely small - had a mobile home feel to it - but I loved the individual jukeboxes at each table and the spinning counter seats.  We ordered the breakfast quesidilla, which was not only tasty but colorful, and the Hunka Hunka Burnin' Toast, which was delicious french toast smothered in peanut butter and warm bananas.  YUM!  Great service and cheap eats.
4	Nestled in Charlotte's music neighborhood, Mattie's Diner is the envy of my imagination.  I wish I had opened this place myself.  I love the concept.  I love the location.  I love the menu selection.  If you're going to be in Charlotte for a concert, try this diner.
4	We stopped in for a burger in mid-afternoon on a hot July day. Nice a/c (important!), friendly staff, great burgers and YES! beer in a diner! What's not to like? The diner is a real old train dining car that was moved here a few years ago from NJ, so I felt right at home - except the bathroom was pleasant and clean.And - I discovered a deep dark secret: PBR stands for Pabst Blue Ribbon - the beer that was advertised all over the place when I was a kid.
2	I stopped in Mattie's on a Sunday morning in search of a cure for my hangover.  I've always been intrigued by this little place, and do I mean little.  I walked in and was surprised how small and quaint it was.  Apparently they brought this diner all the way down here from New Jersey, pretty cool.  It was a fun atmospere, but I cannot even imagine the craziness on a Fri/Sat or after a show.The food was pretty mediocre in my opinion.  I got the 'Junkyard' which is essentially a big breakfast bowl with chili.  The chili was soupy and mild, but I like mine to be thick and spicy.  The cheese wasn't melted on top either.  I can't stand when I get something covered in cheese and it's not melted (the food wasn't exactly piping hot...).  I expected ground sausage to be mixed in, but it was just 2 sausage patties thrown on top.  I can make a breakfast bowl 10x better at my house.I'll probably try it again late night after a show.  I'm betting I'll enjoy it more.
3	I wanted to try something new for breakfast out, so I suggested one of my husband's favorite places for a relaxed and very reasonable(!) meal.  I like how you can customize your order, and asked for the 3 egg peppers & onion omelet with 2 eggs/1 egg white.  No problem.  However, I was surprised by the large slices of those red & green peppers, and onions.  I supposed I'm used to them being diced in most places, so this threw me off, and was too overpowering.  If you like that though, you'll be quite pleased! Hubby ordered his usual country fried steak, and still enjoyed it as much as always.  I'm not much of a sweets fan, but the special Coconut Cream Milkshake sure sounded marvelous!    We'll be back again, I'm sure.  The staff is pleasant, with a lot of regulars coming in to eat and chat.  I met the owner, too, and he's a really nice, friendly guy.  All of this makes me want to visit this place again.
5	The NOSTALGIC roadside diner with a little southern charm, and Mattie in his NY Yankee's fitted baseball cap is where we decided to take a load off this morning.Since I was out and about, I decided to stop by Mattie's for my favorite breakfast: "Ya Might Be A Redneck" (Country fried Chicken with sawmill gravy, grits, toast, 2 eggs) and coffee, and THEY DID NOT Disappoint. Mattie actually took my order and served it up as well (Felt kinda good about that, since when I normally go, he's off and another cook is on the grill).I noticed since my last visit Mattie's NOW serves beer, which will be a great plus during the concert season at the NC Music Factory. If you really want some good HEARTY food (more than enough for one person) give Mattie's a try. My Favs are: Ya Might Be A Redneck, Meatball Parm, The Meatloaf, and the ever NOSTALGIC Rice Krispy BRICK!!!!Tell Mattie Topaz and Painter Smurf sent you. :-)
4	Stopped in here for a late breakfast.  Really great prices and fast service.  I ordered the French toast -generous portion and is served w powdered sugar.  Yummy!  Reminds me of a northeast diner.  The cakes here looked enticing but I already had my sweet spot fulfilled RE: French toast.
2	It is certainly a cute little dinner, and well worth visiting if you have never been before.We decided to try it before going to the comedy club down the street.Hubby went with the meatloaf with garlic mashed. The meatloaf was good, but he felt he had eaten better meatloaf before.I was in the mood for a meatball sandwich, with some mac and cheese. Certainly comfort food for the two of us.The meatball sandwich was bland, not really that good. The mac and cheese wasn't made with your traditional macaroni. Perhaps they ran out and decided to substitute it with another type. Just OK again.I guess for the nostalgic roadside diner effect  it is a great little place to go, but I consider we did it and we don't have to go again.
4	Mattie's is in a very good locale for the type of food they serve, in my opinion. They are right across the street from the Music Factory & the prices are just right. It's a cute divey little diner complete with table side juke boxes. The menus have crazy concoctions and your normal meatloaf and mashed potatoes. We headed in there before a concert and it was a great choice. I got some crazy french toast mountain that was pretty good. It was two giant slabs of french toast smothered in peanut butter, bananas and syrup. Artery clogging deliciousness right there... NOM. The staff seem pretty cool, all tatted up with awesome and crazy hair colors. It was a pretty cool little place, and I'm sure will be a staple before any of our concert go rounds. :)
5	This was just one of those places...5 stars through and through.Came here after a stop at the NC Music Factory's Fillmore. It was pouring rain outside, and after running from The Fillmore to Mattie's (just across the street) we were completely soaked. Upon entering, the waitresses popped up and got us towels to dry us off, what  a nice gesture. The place was empty since the show was still going on at Fillmore, so we took a seat at the counter. I got a patty melt, my sister got french toast, my dad some sort of breakfast plate, and my mom another sort of breakfast plate. We watched the food cook some 2 feet in front of us. While doing so, my dad and I read the story of Mattie's on the back of the menu. The diner is actually an old NJ diner that was moved here--what an awesome story. It also makes for a 100% diner like feel, and uber nostalgia. The food came out...err...the owner cooked it and turned around and handed it to us since we were so close (it's a small place, what can I say!?) and the patty melt just hit the spot. It was pretty darn good, and everyone else enjoyed their meal as well. My mom even ordered an omelet (I promise she's not fat...just oddly hungry), which she had half of, and even got another waitress to try. The waitress had never had a spinach omelet, so my mom wanted her to try it--which after much persuading, she did. It made everyone seem like family. Thumbs up.Prices are very inexpensive--if I can remember correctly, dinner for the 4 of us plus drinks and an extra omelet was $30 or something. This place is a little gem hidden near uptown. I'd stop by again in a heartbeat, and I'd encourage others to do the same. This place is a class act--absolutely recommended.
5	I love this place. It's a good classic diner with great food and friendly people.Their menu is a good size for being small, I think their breakfast and shakes are what shines the most. But the rest is great too, their portabella burger is yummy. And you can't beat the price!
5	Best place in Charlotte for breakfast, lunch or dinner!  Priced just right, this place is a can't miss! Drive to the NC Music Factory off Graham and you can't miss it!
4	Finally made it over to Mattie's for a well-deserved breakfast on a Saturday after an early morning event! Love this quaint little spot across from the NC Music Factory with it's superior diner decor, complete with mini juke boxes at every booth. They've got all of your favs here. Pancakes, french toast, eggs, hashbrowns, all types of toast, coffee, juice. All the fixins for a great bfast. Tried the Padrino omelet. Wow. This mammoth omelet is covered in marinara, stuffed with a gratuitous amount of banana peppers, italian sausage, and mozz. Packs a flavorful punch and each bite only beckoned for another. Loved every last bit. My wife got the spinach and feta omelet which was equally desirable. Those fluffy, fluffy eggs are made with such love on that flattop. If you have read Nicole's review, she's absolutely right. Pancakes are unreal. Perfectly crispy on the outside, warm and fluffy/soft on the inside. Not your average pancake, though. A nice accompaniment of nutmeg  comes along with these breakfast fav. Quite a nice addition and definitely makes you wish for more. They are pretty big pancakes, too. They fill most of the large plate they are served on. Any more than two, and you might as well be going for a record of sorts. Prices are super cheap and the food is delectable. Another solid choice for breakfast or late night. Love ya, Mattie's!
5	I've always wanted to visit Mattie's Diner and so this morning, I decided to take my son over after an airport run.  The diner is small with jukeboxes at the booth's and lots of counter seating. It was so early on Sunday morning that finding a seat wasn't a problem.  He had the pancakes and I had a western omlet (I think it was called a B-52).  The food was great.  Like a real diner, it's all fresh and prepared right on the griddle just behind the counter.  They even made a smiley face in my son's pancake which was very cool.  I've found my new uptown breakfast spot.
5	I had the Hunka Hunka burnin' toast. It was fantastic! The coffee was fresh and just the right amount of strong. My boyfriend had a cheeseburger and onions rings and loved every bite! He also took Mattie's Mom's Meatloaf home because he just had to try it as well! Again, fantastic. Tina was our server and she was delightful and helpful on a dreary Sunday morning. If we didn't live in Pittsburgh we would go back all of the time!!
5	Mattie and the crew kickass! It's just too bad they are Yankees fans :-P
5	Mattie's nails it.We've been to Mattie's 3 or 4 times now, always with the kids. This can be a bit of a monkey wrench for some restaurants, especially a small diner like Matties - trying to squeeze two one-year-olds in high chairs into a table with a couple of grown adults. Despite the small size, though, Mattie's has always been great about accomodating us.The food is great. Like I've said in other reviews, some restaurants aim really high and fall short; Mattie's doesn't have lofty aspirations. They say they're going to give you diner food, and they give you diner food. And it's freaking fantastic. The pancakes are massive and delicious. The challah French Toast is AMAZING (try the hunka hunka burnin love if you need to burn off 4,000 calories) The coffee is great, and (for some reason, I like this)  served in an assortment of mugs. You might get an I LOVE YOU mug. You might get a LITE 94.5 mug. There's something nicely homey about that....And that's the thing with Mattie's. It's homey. You feel like they've welcomed you into their home. We were sitting with the boys this morning and trying to wedge a menu in the window - there are thin curtains, but the sun happened to be right at the angle where it was shining in my son's face. And after a moment, one of the guys from the back came out with a cardboard box and slid it behind the jukebox unit for us. We didn't ask; he just saw it and came and did that for us. This is how they roll.I kinda love that about them. Oh, and if -- for some reason -- you want something gutbusting, something ridiculously decadent, something with a vaguely Epic Meal Time feel to it: Go to Mattie's. Ask them to whip you up something crazy. What do I mean by that? You can get milkshakes made with anything on the counter, including carrot cake. Or apple pie. While we were there, Mattie himself created something he called Blueberry Pie French Toast. There was whipped cream on top. It looked ridiculously over-the-top awesome.
5	This place is awesome and right across the street from NC Music Factory.  The food and service are outstanding.  Simple menu but great options....and breakfast all the time.  Love it
4	Late night Diner Magic!!  Its a must if you attend any NC Music Factory venue...  You can't walk past it on the way to your car and not stop in.... yum!
5	Just moving to CLT, I found this via yelp and it is superb. The burgers, the meatloaf, the service WOW! This is a fabulous throwback diner, ask for Tina and say Hi to Mattie (the guy behind the grill).
2	In searching for a different breakfast place, we decided to check this place out.  I read the reviews, and I was really excited about it.  I am not sure if we came on an off day or something, but I was incredibly disappointed in the food.  Maybe we just didn't order the right dishes here.We came here for breakfast on a Saturday morning.  My partner ordered the junk plate, which included eggs, bacon, chili and potatoes.  The potatoes and eggs were undercooked, and the chili was bland.  I ended up with the breakfast combo with the chicken fried chicken, with eggs, toast, grits, and gravy.  The chicken had an interesting flavor, but the batter was chewy when it started to get to eatable temperature.  The gravy was incredibly running and basically flavorless.  The grits were also flavorless, and my eggs were also undercooked.Despite disliking the food, I loved the decor and the staff was very friendly.  Mattie's is pretty small, with six or seven booths and a fair amount of seats at the counter.  Oldies music was playing in the background.  It looks like an old 50 and 60 style dinner both outside and inside, with a chrome look on the outside, red and white walls on the inside.  The waitresses were very friends and attentive.  The grill is right in front of the counter, so you can watch them prepare your food.  Our food came out in less than 10 minutes.I am not sure if I would come here again, despite the cute decor and good service.
1	I love diners and diner food, but this was so disappointing. Pass.
4	Love Matties. It's kind of a pain in the ass to get to sometimes and NEVER go there during concert night unless you're actually going to the concert. I've been a handful of times already and I would say I'd choose Matties over the Diamond or (the old) Penguin any day. Love the food, the fries, the milkshakes. I go for the fact they have a 4 cheese grilled sandwich on the menu- and it's freakin' awesome. I've usually only gone during a late lunch or dinner, so I can't speak for the breakfast, but don't judge it on it's size. Make it a point to try it out.
3	Vibe is great. Old-ass steel diner plopped down in the middle of nowhere. Funky interior and good tunes and friendly waitstaff. Too bad the food isn't anything to write home about..but it's a diner, people, not Gordon Ramsay's latest culinary adventure. Tuna melt was edible, with the help of a side of ranch. Iceberg lettuce side salad same deal. Sweet tea/lemonade was pink #4 dye and TOO sweet, but I forget the South likes their sweet tea. But I like diners so I knew what I was getting and was fine with it for $10.
5	We just moved to the charlotte area and HAD to check out a real diner. I ordered the French toast and she ordered eggs and bacon. The food was served quickly even though the place was packed!! The servers are very nice and the atmosphere is very relaxed!5/5 and will come here as many times as possible!!
2	After reading the reviews I decided to try this little diner. I am originally from NY and was looking forward to some good diner food. Well unfortunately I was disappointed. When we arrived the first thing I noticed was that the place didn't appear clean to me. We were seated at a table that had so much food on the floor under it I didn't want to put my feet under the table. I excused myself to use the restroom and when I came back told my husband I couldn't sit there with all that food under the table, and really just wanted to leave. Since we had already ordered our beverages we just asked to sit at another table, which was only slightly better.  I still felt uncomfortable the whole time.  Looking around I thought the place needed a major overhaul and thorough cleaning. I ordered blueberry pancakes and bacon. It was just okay. The bacon was a measly 2 tiny strips.  This was not at all like the diners I am used to so I was disappointed....definitely nothing memorable here. The waitress was very nice though. I will not be back.
5	YES.  This is how a diner should be:Delicious Food. CHECK. Friendly Staff. CHECK. Cheap Prices. CHECK. Mattie's hits everything and there is no way this visit couldn't be five stars! My friend and I arrived Sunday afternoon a little after 1pm and there was one free booth left inside...SCORE! It always a good sign when you walk in and the place is packed. Our waiter arrived in no time and gave us our menus. Super nice guy, joked with us and just made sure we enjoyed our visit. Well everyone here did. They all greeted us, chatted with us and thanked us for coming to visit! Tons of options here breakfast, burgers, sandwiches and classics like pot roast, chicken fried chicken and good ol' mac and cheese.  I did the Cowboy burger which has barbecue sauce, cheddar cheese, bacon and an onion ring.!!! You can sub your beef patty for a turkey burger which I did and it was awesome. No really, it was awesome! It was very well- seasoned, hand made (no pre-made patties here!) and very juicy. Easily one of the best turkey burgers I've had in Charlotte. I practically inhaled it. Yum. Mattie's is just plain good stuff. I loved the vibe, the food and the staff. There are so many more things on the menu I look forward to trying...I can't wait to come back.
3	We decided to eat here before a show at The Comedy Zone, mainly because it was cheaper.  At 6pm on a Friday, there were not many people there as this is more of a late night place.  It is a lot different than the other diner car in Charlotte.  It is much smaller with a smaller menu.  I had the pot roast which tasted just like any other pot roast.  My wife had a tuna melt that she liked.  It is not outstanding food by any means, but it is cheap, decent, and the service is good.
4	When I used to get off third shift, nothing was better than my co-workers and I meeting up at Mattie's for some over-tired dining. We normally would sit at the counter and have conversations with the staff while our food was being prepared. Whenever I go to Mattie's, it's always a very personable experience and my food comes out in a timely fashion. I can't get over how much I enjoy the staff. Everyone usually has such a glow around them, like they enjoy where they work. Happy employees usually indicates a healthy work environment to me. Every waitress/waiter I've had has always been very social and schmoozy with me. If you enjoy having a server who can get sarcastic with you and has a lively personality, look no further than a Mattie's employee.As far as the food goes, it's decent. I mean, it's a diner; a diner is, a diner is, a diner. Diner food is always going to be greasy and not as exciting as it would be if you ate at a five star joint. It's more so a place to eat while sobering up, recovering from a hangover, or to pal about with good company. I wouldn't say it's the kind of place I'd bring my mother if she came down to visit, but a place where I'd bring my rowdy New England friends. The pricing is right around where I would want it to be for the food quality and quantity. I never get mad or surprised when I get my check and always leave satisfied. The diner is originally from Jersey, which I absolutely LOVE. As a born and raised New Englander, I can't help but feel closer to home every time I walk inside. I always find time to go to Mattie's within a months time for a good classic diner experience.
5	I have been to the NC Music Factory countless times and never made it over here. Man am I regretting that. I twas after a show last week when I finally stopped by.  They had $3 Natty Bo tall boys  (Hello Baltimore)  We got the fried appitizer plate which consisted of mozerella sticks, onion rings, and friend jalepino. We also got the mac and cheese which came with two sides. I expected Mattie's to be over priced as most places are at the NC Music factory but instead it turned out to have great dinner food at great prices.
4	Best blueberry pancakes ever.
4	Mattie's saved us the other night.  We had tix to the jazz festival at NC Music Factory, were running late so missed our reservation at some chic spot across the way, so headed to Mattie's to quiet the sounds of hunger pains.Burgers, fries and onion rings. Music on the jukebox.  Good people watching from the gathering crowd.  Efficient and funny service.The burgers were quite tasty and the onion rings even better.  The fries were just so-so but maybe that's because they were served a bit cold.  Arnold Palmer mixed with pink lemonade and tea.  Yummy stuff.Standout item - the onion rings were the best I've eaten in eons.Thanks for the save, Mattie's!
4	Every city needs a great diner and Mattie's served it up!Great location, easy parking and super kitschy!The staff all seem so happy and friendly and it's a nice change from seeing people miserable at work.  The menu is large and varied with all the usual diner fare just waiting to be ordered.  I got chicken tenders (my favorite diner item!) and my partner got The Bubba which was eggs, biscuits, gravy, sausage and some other deliciousness.  We both thoroughly enjoyed the entire experience and will definitely come back for the pancakes or even a late night snack!
1	Aggressive staff...a bit long winded.My husband, his daughters and I were hoping to attend a concert at The Music Factory across the street from this place about a month and a half ago. One of my step daughters and I walked in to use the restroom and wait on my husband and his other daughter as they bought tickets for the concert and join us for dinner. After I used the restroom, I waited outside for my step daughter so as not to take up a booth in the tiny space inside. After a few minutes my step daughter comes out looking slightly shook up and right after one of the female servers slung open a door and asked what "my friend would like to drink." I wasn't quite sure what she meant but found out the she thought we were there just using the restroom and leaving, which they frown upon. I explained to her that we were waiting on my husband to eat. She insisted we buy something and was very verbally aggressive, more to my 15 year old step daughter than to me...imagine that.  Needless to say, we didn't eat there. My step daughter was actually cornered while in the diner by this waitress...I couldn't believe how unprofessional this place was. I would never support a place like this financially. Trying to intimidate a child into buying something? How low.
1	Wanted to try a different diner for Sunday brunch with my daughter staff was very polite but there were flies flying around and the food was ok the couple next to us didn't like their food either. Very small cramped space would definitely recommend Midnight Diner in South End located off of Carson on South Blvd instead.
1	I walked into Mattie's Diner by myself looking forward to a late-night dinner.  I was greeted with a "Just you?" from a male employee.  I replied yes and was told to sit anywhere I would like.  Mattie's has a bar counter with stools and booths inside, as well as outdoor seating.  There were only three people inside and two people outside.  I chose to sit at a booth, one of the five open booths out of six total.  I was immediately told by the same guy that "If it's just you, you'll have to sit at the bar."  Now, this was a Friday night with all the surrounding restaurants and clubs packed and full of paying guests.  Mattie's was practically empty and there was no one coming in.  For a new customer to be treated like this is inexcusable.  Of course, if it were crowded with people coming in I would have either sat at the bar or ordered to go.  I walked out and walked about 50 yards to the nearest restaurant - which, btw, was crowded.  They sat me at a booth and I enjoyed a great dinner.  I was thrilled to spend my money elsewhere.
2	Cool place.  Great diner vibe.   BUT . . . the food really dissppoints.  Since they were busy,  we were shocked the fries were stale and cold.  Burger was dry and tasteless (grilled hard on the grill with a press... ouch!).  Reuben was flavorable but the chef never melted the cheese.   Overall,  we were under-whelmed, especially when the Q City has so much to offer.   Looks like many of the rave reviews are from patrons hitting the place after a hard night of partying across the street.   Of course it would taste great then,  but Mattie's comes up short when one is sober!
4	Love the SilverStream trailer.  This diner has the coolest decor, down to the table top jukeboxes,   The guacamole burger was humongous!  The onion rings where  the right crispness, with just a touch of the required grease.  The servers are friendly and very attentive. Definitely will add to my late night places to frequent.
3	This was my second time dining here. Funny enough, both times were prior to seeing Kevin Smith & Jason Mewes. Both times we opted to dine on the patio and had at least a 4-top. While the food is tasty, you'll be lucky to get it while it's still warm. While I'm not a stickler for everyone getting their food at the same time, it is odd for one person's order to arrive with enough time for them to finish it before the other orders are brought to the table. Both times we had very slow service and the waitstaff seemed frazzled. This most recent trip, our food was brought out very cold. We didn't have time to send it back as it had taken so long to get it and we needed to eat something before going in for the show. As stated before, the food is tasty despite its temperature, so I will be dining here again. Try the French toast with bacon.
5	Great place!
5	What sounds like simple, mundane diner food completely surprises you with its quality and quantity. Mattie is accommodating to every patron and takes care of his regulars....so this means become a regular! Its nice to visit early on the weekend for breakfast because its not a stuffy, hip, brunch spot that takes and hour to get cold food. Its also great because it is across from The Fillmore and Uptown Amphitheater. When you combine great service, great food, and great location, you get a great restaurant.
4	It's tasty, it's simple, it's super cheap. What's not to like? We come here for giant portions of tasty breakfast food. Everything I've tried is pretty basic, but it's well made and not greasy. Their pancakes are amazing, their scrambled eggs are fluffy, and if you're feeling like you want something a little different from the typical breakfast fare, try the Hunka Hunka Burnin' Toast -- peanut butter and grilled bananas between slices of French toast, slathered in syrup.
4	Good locals joint for breakfast ! It's right by the nc music factory so it's really convenient to grab a quick bite before the show
4	From the moment you walk in, you are going back to the past, with the original interior of the diner. It was a bit crammed but people back there were quite smaller too and did not require as much space as most people do today.So on with the food, it was typical diner food, I can't tell you what I got as for I do not remember actually. The only thing I do remember was the fried oreo cake they have for a dessert. That was the hit of the day getting that. I can't tell you I have ever had such a crazy idea of the dessert that was actually good.
4	Exceptional staff. Reasonably priced. Food doesn't have unnecessary grease like a lot of diners.  No surprises on the menu, fairly typical. The shakes looked amazing and were way cheaper than I expected, I will have to try one next time.
4	Stopped in for a bite a few weeks ago after the Stone Sour concert at The Fillmore. Thought it would be more crowded but we managed to get a seat right away. Cool little place. Ordered a sausage, egg & cheese sandwich w/ hashbrowns if my memory serves me correctly...had more than a few at the concert. Ha! The food hit the spot and didn't cost me an arm & a leg. I don't find myself in this part of town ( NC Music Factory) very often but next time I do, this could be my new late night munchies destination.
4	How have I not reviewed Mattie's before?! I'm pretty much a regular over at Mattie's Diner and have had lunch there plenty of times. The service is always on point and friendly - never had to wait more than the standard time to receive my food which is basically unheard of. I tend to always get the Big Holla with tomato, which is a massive grilled cheese... no no, understand the word massive. This is definitely a big kid grilled cheese and it is STUFFED with cheese. As soon as you pull apart the sandwich the cheese is falling off the slices. Awesome sauce. I also dig the California wrap (I think that's what it's called) which is actually served on a pita and not a wrap. But it's turkey, guacamole, sprouts, lettuce and tomato. Also a winner and tastes fresh every time. I tend to pair these with either the mashed potatoes or the mac and cheese, which also doesn't skimp on the cheese and as an avid cheese lover, hey, I appreciate that, Mattie's! Another favorite is the buffalo dip - mighty tasty although the dip is a bit runny and I prefer my dips a bit more thicker but still worth an order. All in all, if it is your first time remember it is an old-fashioned diner which means it's a bit small and the grill cooks are right in front of you cooking up your order - which doesn't bother me but just a heads up. The diner is open 24 hours on Fridays and Saturdays so great for a late night bite after running around the Music Factory. They also served about 8 selections of bottled beers and about a dozen different milkshakes as well. Nice  : )
5	I've been to Mattie's probably 5 times in the last 4 years when I'll be traveling with a band through the Fillmore. Each experience is better than the last. The food is awesome and the people are friendly and nice. Mattie's is literally a highlight to stopping in NC for a tour. Highly recommend this place.
3	We ate at Mattie's Diner on Saturday on a break from the All Ale to the Queen Beer Carnival that was going on at the Music Factory. I had planned to eat at the event but the available food turned out to be a plate of BBQ slop and beans or some fancy Panda Express. I opted for neither, but I was starving, so my husband and I popped across the street for some diner food. I'd never been to Mattie's before but had been near it several times. Pretty much every time we would go to a show at the Fillmore, we'd park next to the diner and think hey, maybe we should eat there some time. Diners are good for greasy, unhealthy but totally delicious food, right? So this was finally the right occasion and boy was I hungry. We sat outside because it was a nice spring day. My only complaint about the outside seating area was the amount of cigarette butts littering the ground. Kind of gross when I'm there to eat. Our server was friendly and brought us drinks pretty quickly. Another couple was seated outside and had the cutest dog, so that kept me entertained while we waited. We each got a burger. I asked if they cooked their burgers to temperature and the response was that they had to be at least medium well. I was curious about this. I know diner burgers are usually kind of standard and aren't usually cooked to temp so I wasn't surprised that they didn't do this, but I was surprised that he specified that they HAD to be med well or more. Is that a testament to the quality of meat? Or was it just that the server, working in a diner, didn't really know all that much about meat temps? I decided not to dwell on it and just accept my burger as it was and hope for the best.The burgers weren't bad. They weren't great or anywhere near Bad Daddy's level, but they certainly did the trick for two super hungry patrons. I did have a cheese malfunction when I lifted the top bun to add ketchup and the entire piece of melted cheese went with it and then settled back on the burger in a small pile of cheesy mess that probably would've tasted good if it actually covered the entire burger. As it was, I ended up with more of a hamburger after the cheese malfunction and found the experience lacking in that way. The fries were ok. They were the sort of fries that were better if you get a small crispy one than a larger kind of soggy one. No seasoning to speak of, but not bad with added salt and dipped in ketchup.I'm giving Mattie's 3 stars. It was solid in that I got just about what I expected. It's always nice when you're surprised and blown away but sometimes it's also nice just to get a decent burger when you're starving.
4	I'm a sucker for a place that does breakfast anytime of the day.  I finally got my turn at trying Mattie's and it didn't let me down.I love the throwback diner feel of this place and the food was equally as great.  I had an omelet with a side or two of bacon, ham and sausage.  This is a good way to go for a low carb lifestyle meal.  They had some other great menu items as well though.One thing I imagine to keep in mind is that this place is probably insanely packed on nights where there is a lot of activity around the NC Music Factory.Parking is adjacent to the building and free.
4	This diner also has a nice outdoor eating area. We arrived at 8:45 a.m. only to discover the diner doesn't open until 9:00 a.m.  However, the staff was still very friendly and accommodating, allowing us in before opening and serving us coffee until they were ready to accept breakfast orders. The Challah French Toast was very delicious. The home fries accompanying my wife's eggs and toast were very tasty too. The wait staff was very friendly and provided excellent service. Prices were very reasonable - breakfast for two, including coffee was only around $12 (only 1 person had coffee). Would definitely go back again. Only wish they opened earlier but no big deal.Correction: Mattie's is open earlier on Fridays and then continuously until Sunday night, so that is very nice for weekend dining.
4	I love, love, love going to Mattie's diner. If not only for the delicious food, I also love walking into the old time dining cart and feeling like I'm going back in time. To start, if I'm in a booth, I always make sure to pick some jams from the mini jukebox to set my morning mood. I am always greeted by great staff and they are always pretty much on their game (it's nice that there aren't too many tables). The food is almost always fantastic. Mattie's French toast is a must have, as are the any style pancakes. Any egg combination or omelet is also a great choice. I will say, I have a thing for home fries and Mattie's always leave me slightly disappointed. They aren't cooked through and even asking for the well done leaves them approaching fully cooked. Lacking home fries don't keep me away though. Mattie's vibe and food are worth the trip. I have got to come back for lunch and dessert (it's always staring me down when I go there for breakfast) - one day.
1	After reading previous reviews I gave it a try, NEVER AGAIN!!!! After watching the cook sneeze in his hand then proceed to continue cooking without washing his hands I knew it was time to leave!!!! This place has the potential to be a really neat place, too bad the cook didn't follow basic sanitary common sense!!!
5	Best onion rings and grilled chicken sandwich.  Great service and such friendly people.
5	Mattie's Diner has been on our "must try" list for a while now and we FINALLY had a chance to check it out yesterday.  My husband, 16yo son, and I went in for breakfast.  We LOVED it!  Awesome menu, great diner-style service, excellent prices, and the food was fantastic!!  I had the Hunka Hunka Burnin' Toast (WOW, Delish!!!), my husband had the "Pappy's" platter, and my son had the BBQ Burger (he said it was one of the best burgers ever...and my boy knows his burgers!).  The location is great, ther's plenty of parking, and the Diner itself has incredible character!  Our waitress happily indulged our inquisitive nature as we asked about how Mattie's Diner came about (be sure to ask to see the photo album!).  We sat at the counter so we could get the full experience...great choice since that gave us the opportunity to have a great chat with Mattie, too!  (VERY cool guy!!)  We live in Waxhaw and have been looking for a great breakfast place since we moved to NC 10 years ago (my husband is a major breakfast fan).  We loved Mattie's and can't wait to go back.  Not close to home, but it will definitely be worth the drive when we're in the mood for a GREAT breakfast!
5	This was one of the best places I ate in Charlotte. The chicken fried chicken was the best ever and the fried Oreo Sunday was AMAZING. Mix it all up when you eat it.
1	Yikes! Avoid at all costs!!  First and very last time I will EVER eat there.  First of all, bugs...  Ew!  Bugs on the menu,  bugs in the cup,  bugs flying.... Just absolutely disgusting!  I had the chicken fried chicken with mac & cheese and "buttered" corn. The chicken was horrendously salty and hard, not even close to crispy. The mac and cheese was watery and didn't even taste like there was cheese added to it. The buttered corn isn't buttered... At all!  This place needs a makeover from top to bottom and they need a new chef. Smdh
4	This was a "quick search Yelp to find somewhere to eat" stop and man was it worth it!  Off the beaten path small diner but the food was awesome and quick.  The burger was prepared perfect and the service was quick and sufficient.  Definitely a must if you're in the Charlotte area and need a quick bite.
5	Eating here was the first time in MANY years that I felt like I was eating a REAL hamburger.  It was delicious- grilled to perfection, a genuine sesame bun, and fresh toppings.  Prices were extremely reasonable.  And their fried pickles- better than any I've had (and I've had many)! Great place!
4	An old diner feel and breakfast served anytime- how could you not love this place?!I have a super hard time trying to decide what I want when I go to Mattie's Diner. Why? Well, I kind of want to order everything. That's a good problem to have at a restaurant. Open face turkey sandwich, tuna melt, all the variations of loaded fries, the big holla (it's like a grilled cheese on steroids), breakfast... I've never had anything bad here. During our latest trip here, my friend Andrea got the cheeseburger wrap. It looked incredible. I will definitely be ordering that during my next visit. We also discovered something new on this latest adventure to Mattie's: Chrissy's Buffalo Chicken Dip. Reido talked about this the entire drive to the Diner. When we got there, the rest of us were distracted by a mini cooper outside filled with stuffed animal dogs (I'm confused too... some kind of contest promotion). Not Reido. He went right inside and ordered the dip the minute he sat down. It was delicious. I think the best part of it is the homemade pita points that come with it. I could eat those by themselves.A long list of shakes, malts and floats. I try to save room for these, but I tend to eat way too much food. These also have a fried oreo sundae. The only thing that can make an oreo even more delicious is to fry it. The service is quick and friendly. There's one super sweet server that I swear must be there every single hour of the day. I always see her. Does she ever get a day off?!Tons of free parking. The place is kind of small inside, but there is also outdoor seating as well. It can be tremendous people watching depending on what concert is at The Fillmore that day.
2	Mattie's was always a place I have wanted to try. It gets great reviews, its gets the stamp of approval from places around the city, and claiming to be a NJ diner in NC, I figured it had to be good.      Honestly, if you know anything about a NJ diner, or food for that matter lower your expectations. I ordered simple, eggs, bacon, toast, homefries, diner essentials.      Ordered waited about 10 minutes then came over dropped it on my table and immediately I know this was a mistake.     Toast was not toasted, potatoes were raw, and bacon was nothing but fat. I dont know if anyone cared because it the end of breakfast or what but I was appalled. It is pretty easy to make toast, a decent piece of bacon, and leave the potatoes on the grill an extra 5 mins.       Its an experience, old school feel, but the food is garbage. I saw on instagram someone put up a pic of the meatball hero and I was mortified. But idiotically I tired it anyway, so I guess I deserved it.      I hate sounding like a snob but for all the praise this place gets it was a major let down. MO
5	This place is amazing! I was in from out of town (Chicago) and found it through Google which has Mattie's at a 5-star rating. I wish I could give them 6-stars here! The coffee cups are gigantic, the food was amazing and ready in under 10 minutes, the service was excellent, everything is very reasonably priced, and the music created a great ambiance (Bohemian Rhapsody and Carry On My Wayward Son in one visit?!). Mattie's is a legit diner! They also gave me a coffee cup to go. And they have challah bread. I highly recommend and will come back here if I'm in Charlotte again.
5	Before I moved to Charlotte we had a breakfast place JUST like this where I was from but sadly they have closed, so when I moved to Charlotte and found this place I was giddy to try it out...and to my delight, it was even better than my old place! Great place to grab a bite whether you need some greasy hangover food or just a nice casual meal. Be aware that the place is very tiny and on a busy morning you will have to wait.
1	Stopped in with my son and two of his friends after Charlotte Oktoberfest.  Sat at the counter and placed our orders.  Munched on onion rings to start, but before we finished.the manager apparently decided we were too loud, or obnoxious, or something, because he told us we needed to leave.  It was surreal.  We did NOTHING wrong and were not misbehaving in any way.  The dude "managing" the place should be fired.  He's a tool and I will never go back.I understand if you think this is "sour grapes" and we were drunk & obnoxious after the beer festival.  I assure you that is NOT the case.  The food looked and smelled delicious and we all were eagerly awaiting the arrival of our respective entrees.  Then this guy's male menopause kicked in and we were out the door.  I know this review won't mean diddly, but he lost at least four customers for life on Saturday.
5	Second visit & this place meets every need for the real dirty ol' diner experience. Married a Jersey boy who knows what true diners are supposed to be like & this place offers the fix you need. Good ol' unapologetic greasy food & a quirky ambiance.   Love it!
4	It's been awhile since I ate here. We stopped by on Sunday for lunch because I was craving breakfast food. I was expecting more expensive menu but was surprised to find a breakfast plate for $4.99. It was the SOS, the gravy on toasts caught my eyes. I live and die for sausage gravy and theirs was pretty good. They layered half a toast and half a sauage pattie and covered it with gravy with 2 eggs on the side. Lots of food for the price. The picky eater ordered wings, and the wings are of good size. Our lunch tab was less than $15 for 2 people, not bad not bad. The service was good as well, and it seems like they have a good crowd of regulars. I may just have to come here more often.
5	Awesome little diner, excellent food, friendly staff.  Its small ( most diners are) so you have to get there early.
2	Nice and easy location near the NC Music Factory and across the street from VBGB for the after drinks/ volleyball food craving.Plenty of parking but not plenty of space.  Six of us came after volleyball and fortunately there were very few people there and we could sit at the stools directly in front of one of the 4-person booths.I ordered the Junkyard (Homefries, eggs, meat, salsa, cheese, and chili) which I could directly compare to something similar I had at another diner.  Unfortunately, it fell very short.  The home fries were not well cooked and tasted bland.  It was like eating sliced potatoes slightly sauteed.  The salsa looked and tasted out of a can and the bacon was not crispy.  The chili was nothing special, but yes, if you're hungry you will eat most breakfast concoctions.On the positive note, the Death by Chocolate shake was delicious and lots of cake goodness inside.  The server was also friendly and made sure to clean the shake stirrer as she admitted she used it before with peanut butter.  So if you have any peanut allergies, make sure you ask to specifically re-clean the machine to make sure no cross contamination.
1	This is a cool place with an interesting history behind it. Unfortunately the food left both my girlfriend and me with intestinal distress. She had the bland pot roast and I had the meatloaf. We were both sick within 12 hours. I'm sure they must do better with the easy stuff like bacon and eggs.
4	Classic diner!  Still making food to order fresh. Quite tasty,  love the spinach!  Fast, friendly staff,  very reasonable prices considering prime location.  Burger is good.  Huge grilled cheese sandwich that pleased the queso lover of mine.
1	I was waiting for my friend to show up for a concert across the street, and decided to get a quick bite to eat. I always see this place and decided why not. Big mistake. I walked in and sat at the counter. I had to ask for the counter to be cleaned/wiped, and still ended up wiping it again myself after they finished. Then it took a few minutes before i was greeted. After placing my order, I waited and waited. Once the order came, that was the final disappointment. The home fries, were under-cooked. I asked for cheese on them, and they added a few sprinkles of finely shredded cheddar. They barely let the cheese melt. The sausage was ok.  The bacon was 2 teeny weenie strips that appeared to be under-cooked also. Overall disappointing experience!
1	Maybe it was a bad night, but the mac & cheese was inedible--one big wad of unctuous, mushy bow tie pasta. Luke warm.Spaghetti was watery.Slaw was tasteless, no flavor and no seasoning.The garlic potatoes were probably equally awful, but the server guy never gave them to me. What an awful mess for $21!
4	Came here one morning after a night of drinking and this place was clutch! It's a tiny little diner over by the music factory. Food comes out quick and its super cheap! This isn't the Diner that you want to bring your in laws to for Sunday brunch - it had a really old divey feel. But if your looking for a solid drunk/hangover meal, this is a great place to come to. You can't really go wrong with anything on the menu. I usually go with breakfast items and they come out super quick!
1	Sum bitch!  The server "Ian"/"josh", whatever name he claims was rude and aggressive.  Food was cold and not worth it.  Got a discount but wasnt worth 1 dollar.  Apparently all meatloaf comes cold and loaded with tomato sauce with brown gravy on top?  Next time I need something from the freezer I'll go to food lion!
3	It has the ambience of the old diner which is neat in itself.  It's December so yes, a little chilly inside although I did finally feel a little heat kick on.  Made my hot breakfast cooler a lot sooner though.   Food was mediocre:  ordered home fried potatoes, not home steamed.  Wanted toasted toast, not warmed toast. Omelet was good though, well filled.  Service is quick and friendly so that's a plus.All in all, quick eats but not a fav for me.  I wouldn't have to travel far from home so since they serve breakfast all day, it's good to know the place is around.  For essentially the same price as Denny's, the deciding factor may be: which is closer?
