5	We've been waiting for this place to open. It finally did about a week ago & tonight we finally got to drop in. The place is sparkling clean and very quiet. We surveyed the hanging menu for a bit & then went to the counter and ordered. A chicken empanadas, a beef empanadas, chicken enchiladas in green sauce, 3 hard chicken tacos, a carnitas taco, 2 carne asada tacos, and a bowl of chips. Every item is prepared individually so the food becomes ready at different times. They kindly delivered each item to our table for us. All of the food was wonderful. Not one of us tasted a dish that we didn't like. We each left stuffed. The service was so kind and yet low key that it felt as if we had been welcomed into the proprietor's home to eat with the family. The food was fresh, authentic, and made from the heart. Our family will return to this family owned business to dine on their simple Veracruz cuisine.Edited to move up from 4 stars to 5.  I've moved away and miss this place.
2	I ordered a carne asada burrito and 5 taquitos.  I was expecting quite a bit based on the price I paid.  Unfortunately the flavor of the food doesn't make up for the exorbitant prices.The taquitos were sinewy and difficult to cut with my teeth andguacamole was not included.  They were topped with lettuce, sour cream, and cheese.The burrito was of average size and had more beans and rice than meat.
4	Had three tacos: asada, pastor, and cabeza.Once I saw the plate, I immediately headed into the bathroom.  Why?  Because I knew I was gonna straight up WRECK that place in about 10 minutes.Oh yeah, its that good.  I may actually eat here again later today.
3	Last night, my husband and I stopped in this brand new mexican restaurant right at the corner of Flamingo and Rainbow.  The place is spotlessly clean and the decor is fresh and vibrant.  Service was very friendly and very fast..I had a very good Chicken Quesadilla.  My husband liked his Chicken Burrito.  Both dishes came adorned with very fresh tomato slices and shredded lettuce on the side.  Great nachos, hot salsas, and ice cold Cokes rounded out the rest of our meal.  Fine ingredients and no grease. Unfortunately, they serve food as if it were "to-go" using plastic, paper, and styrofoam instead of more durable ceramic plates and metal flatware.  This is a huge turn-off for us.  This restaurant is WAY better than Pepe's Tacos though, which is right around the corner with great signage.  Go beyond Pepe's and try the more hidden Jarochos if "to-go-ware" doesn't bother you.
2	I was so excited to see this place open up recently. I live close by so having a taqueria in my hood meant that I might be a regular visitor. Unfortunately, after two visits I'm not thrilled with the quality. And, I hate giving bad -- or even average -- reviews to mom and pop shops because I want them to succeed. But, here's the lowdown...My first visit I got four tacos ($1.75 each). The carne asada was tough and chewy, the two pastor tacos had tender meat and were well seasoned (so hot I kept reaching for my drink), and the carnitas were the best of the bunch. Each taco only had one tortilla, but were filled with plenty meat, onions,  and cilantro. They didn't have any bottled water, but had bottles of soda for $2.They had a spit/rotisserie set up but the manager said they wouldn't be using it until business picked up.The second visit I got a chicken empanada ($1.77). It was a large empanada filled with chicken and a tomato/onion mixture. It could have been more crispy, but it tasted really good. I also got a carnitas burrito ($6.75) which was filled with plenty of pork, rice, beans, cilantro, and onions. Unlike the carnitas taco on my previous visit, this pork was bland and way too fatty. I'm usually easy to please and will eat everything in front of me, but I could only finish half of the burrito. Not because it was a huge burrito (it was big) but because the carnitas weren't that good.I really want this place to do well and I wish the owners the best of luck. But, I just can't say that I'm a fan.2.5 Stars
5	amazing food....i love mexican food n decided to try this place, and it tasted super good :) i really liked this pork dish they had, it was like a quesadilla w/ marinated pork and pineapple...YUM! my bf even says it tasted just like how he had his food in mexico. try this place, its pretty new so its not fancy but their food is very affordable.
1	I should have waited till there was more reviews of this place. Sadly, I was misled by Missy B's description of the food. My favorite Mexican food is Casa Zapata's over in N. Las Vegas but it's a drive if I need a mexican fix. Let's use Roberto's as a benchmark. If you like Roberto's (which I think is a great value, and I think super-nacho's are a masterpiece at 5AM) then stay away from Jarorcho's. It is twice the price, and not even close to what you can get at Roberto's.The restaurant was sparkling clean (Well, It is brand new...) and the order taker was nice.   I ordered a marinated pork burrito, and Gayla ordered the mole enchilada's. We were greeted with cold, overcooked unsalted chips, and homemade salsa which saved the chips. I won't go into the salsa because we expect it to be good in any Mexican establishment.  The pork sits on a rotisserie, and I ordered it because it looked unique and might be delicious. What I got was flat top cooked bits of pork drowned in a sea of rice and beans. The ol' chipotle gimmick. I have been spoiled by Roberto's in the fact that they put nothing but meat in their burritos, and I like it that way. The taste was ok, but the hard bits of pork made me wonder where it came from.Gayla's enchilada's were the size of taquito's and got lost in all the mole sauce they put there. It was really dry and tasteless. Total cost for 2 entree's and one soda, $22 bucks.Very disappointing. Try if you like, but you will find more satisfaction if you just go to Roberto's.
2	I was really hoping to like this place. It's clean and pretty inside and the staff is really nice. Their menu has a lot of potential too. They have a wide variety of options and the prices aren't too bad. The food just didn't wow me. We tried a wide variety of items, some good and some not so much. My fella and I ordered a banana leaf wrapped tamale (mushy and not flavorful), a gordita each (lacking in flavor and the gordita shell didn't seem particularly fresh), a beef empanada (probably the best thing I tried, I'd probably go with the chicken next time since the beef was a little too sweet), and two carne asada tacos (pretty good, but my fella felt they lacked in flavor too). All in all, not a particularly successful food adventure. I hope they are able to improve on some of their recipes as I think they have potential with their rather unique menu.
3	Order at counter, sit down , kind of like a gyros/pizza type stop if i was to compare to anything. Very clean environment-Complimentary salsa and chips were not too flavorful, no spice at all(a 1 out of 5 heat level). only the one type of salsa. However it is a family run place, very nice people, their portions are astronomical in size, and the price was incredibly cheap! Food was good, May come back, just not when craving chips and salsa!
2	A little pricey for what it is. Food wasn't bad tasting but it's the little things that get me. Serious lack of salsa for one. What they do have are in little tiny 1 ounce cups that you have to ask for, and when you do, they bring you one. Really? That's enough for maybe 2 bites. Don't skimp on the salsa!!A bottle of Tapitio on the table, ok not bad, but how about a few other options?I tried the empanada, there was a warning on the side: "Contents may have settled during shipping" There might have been 2 tablespoons of filling. Yes it was only 1.75 but still...The pastor burrito was huge, but it was mostly rice and beans. The few chunks of meat I did taste was ok.i can't forget the horrible music playing. It has potential but I don't think I'll be back.
1	My wife and I visited this place (at Tropicana and Rainbow) last evening. As we were ordering they said we could order ala carte. I ordered Shredded beef enchildas with beans and rice, and my wife ordered beef enchiladas with rice only, ala carte. When the price was unexpectedly very high, we were told we couldn't order ala carte. We decided to go ahead anyway. We paid for our drinks and sat down, there were no chips and salsa or any other appetizers. After awhile the waitress came over to tell us they were out of shredded beef. But, she said we could get chicken " it's shredded too....." We asked about other options, but nothing appealed to us so we got a refund and went home to eat a salad. We barely started our drinks, but no refund there. Not a good experience at all. The prices are way too high for an over the counter place. The rest room door was stuck shut and the operators speak very poor English - they'll take advantage of you if you don't speak Spanish. So, if you don't speak Spanish, don't bother.
5	My favorite burritos in Vegas.  The pastor has that little taste of pineapple, and the carnitas is amazing.  Also, many other delicious offerings.  Mmmm good.
5	Finally found authentic Mexican food in this area. The food is great and the restaurant is very clean.
4	Nice, family-run, casual restaurant.  Chicken torta = yummy!!  I've tried a couple other items and wasn't as happy, but probably the yummiest chicken sandwich I ever had.
2	The restaurant is fairly large, but we were the only diners at lunch time.  We shared 2 each of the pastor and borrego (lamb) street tacos plus a diet cola.  The tacos were made with only one tortilla that wasn't very soft and the runny salsa added little in the way of flavor.  Overall, we thought the tacos to be a little below average.
2	it was okay
4	This place was amazing. I have to say that their salsa was delicious with a spicy kick and their chile relleno was some of the best I've ever had due to its light fluffy batter and delicious melted cheese. Although, I didn't like that their horchata was clearly made from powder and wasn't thoroughly mixed! I definitely will be coming back here.
5	Family owned great Mexican food  !
5	Holy cow, I thought I had already written a review of this place! I've been coming to Los Jarochos ever since they opened (I was sad that the kabobs place closed though). I had read an article by local food critic Max Jacobson where he said he had really enjoyed the food. My husband loves this place. So much so, that when I suggest we check out a new taco tand or head to an old favorite, he feels like he is cheating on the place. Really. When I come here I always order the tostadas de pollo, you can order individually or an order which comes with three. I always go for three, but really two are sufficient. Hubby gets a variety of tacos, lengua, birria, asada, etc. and he loves them all. The reason I was compelled to write this review today is because we recently went and I was craving something other than tostadas. Hbby recommended a torta, which he sometimes gets and also loves. HOLY COW! I ordered a torta de asada and my goodness it was extraordinary. The meat had that special sazon that you get when eating food in Mexico and the bread was sooo good! I don't know what they do to it but I dare say it is the best torta in town. The only thing I've ordered and haven't liked were the shrimp empanadas, that had weird little shrimp in it and were off tasting. Also you can get better tacos al pastor elsewhere.Your best bet here is going for simple dishes; I noticed someone used Roberto's as a comparison, someone also mentioned the tacos have one, not two tortillas. If you are looking for an authentic, inexpensive Mexican restaurant, this is the place.
4	I pass by this place all the time between work and just in general. So looking forward too checking it out plus always good thing try new restaurant yelp about. Lol! My first impression is not feel like normal taco or mexican restaurant. No over the top decor granted still some things keeps it real. The menu is decent size but I was in the mood for some tacos, rice, and beans. I got two lingua and two carne asada. Side each of rice and beans. Not use too because fan of Pepe Tacos or Roberto so rice and beans comes automatic. I wanted too try as much things on the menu as one person can. Fan of that the others not offer is got chips and salsa (in cool pepper bowl) comes with order. Chips really enjoy the salsa was ok. I felt salsa could have been more hearty and little more kick too it. Just my personnel taste buds talking. The tacos was awesome! They gave nice size portion of meat in both! The rice and beans both ok nothing special pass on next time just stick with the tacos.
4	Great food, try the Tostadas and Enchiladas! No fuss.
5	This place gets it, not your average taco shop. They serve chips and salsa! The  food is all freshly prepared, the Carme asada was top shelf, the chicken was amazing. I generally will always test a Mexican restaurant by its frijoles. My son got a bean and cheese burrito and my wife and I snaked a couple of bites when he went to get a refill. OMG the best beans I have ever eaten in my life. The tortillas were fresh and the portions were huge. This place is a diamond in the rough!  I will becoming a regular at this joint....superb!
5	Every time my wife and I want Mexican food, this is where we go.  Everything is made from scratch, from the tortillas to the tamales.  Everything is good.The tamales are awesome.  Not dry, lots of corn flavor.   The empanadas are delicious.  My wife especially likes the tostadas.  Good amount of bean to lettuce to queso.  I love the tortas.  Best torta I have ever had.  Nice soft bread, avocado, jalapenos, lettuce, tomato and choice of meat.   I always get the pastor because it is sliced off the spit and is mixed with pineapple.  Everything is always fresh and the family that runs the place is always so nice.  I will always eat here if I crave some south of the border.
5	I'm a sucker for Mexican food and this place is the best for me.  There chips and salsa are the BEST i've ever had in my life.  I've traveled to many South and Central American countries as well as been eating Mexican food my whole life.  If you're looking for mexican food that involves sour cream or cheese on your tacos then this is not the place for you.  This place serves authentic mexican dishes and the prices are reasonable. I LOVE their carne asada tacos.  They are served with the standard onions and cilantro with grilled green onions and peppers.  I always add the salsa rojo and a little Tapitio just to add some flavor.  Their enchiladas are great as well.  I prefer the salsa verde over the mole enchiladas and do not forget to wash it down with some jamacia drink.It's family owned and you can tell by the way you are greeted when you walk in.  They are very friendly.  Try them out.  I've been going there twice a week for the past 8 months. lol
2	Nice looking place, clean other then that a bit pricey for the food quality. Chips were cold and the salsas were watery and flavorless. Customer service can improve. It has potential, restaurant look but fast food service. Dissapointed.
2	We weren't impressed with the food or the prices.
5	I love tacos and they are amazing here!!  One of my favorite spots!!
4	This place has the best taquitos ever. I work nearby and come here every other week for their hand-rolled chicken taquitos for lunch. It's hard to describe, but their taquitos are flaky and crisp on the outside while juicy and delicious on the inside. It comes with a bunch of lettuce, cheese, guacamole, and sour cream on top, but I always request it plain because I don't want the condiments overpowering the flavor of the taquitos. This place also serves a variety of authentic tacos, tortas, burritos, empanandas, and seafood dishes. I've also tried their tacos and burritos and have no complaints, but the dish I come to this place for is their taquitos.
5	I have been going to this place for at least a year  now, and I can attest that the food is good and the service is also great. The taco al pastor, from the skin, tongue, and tripe, are all well made. The cueritos, man, they are mouth watering and cooked so tenderly that skin almost dissipates when it touches your mouth.Watch out for the tostadas because they are ample. The horchata is constantly freshly made, and the free chips and salsa are subtle tasting to the point that you do not realize that the bowl that the server gives you is gone in a matter of minutes because you gnaw at it inconspicuously. Try this place out for some nicely made Mexican food.
5	I woke up on a Sunday morning (well, it was noon), kinda drunk from the previous night's rage-a-thon. Roomie already started his brunch with a couple beers...on an empty stomach. We both decided to hit up this place as it was featured on Las Vegas Weekly (yup, shameless plug). They have street tacos or mini tacos for less than $2. I got greedy and decided to get five...carnitas, asada, lengua, tripas and carnitas de cueritos. First of all, this was my first time eating tripas (intestines and all that junk). OMG the first bite was amazing, but the second bite, I gagged cause I noticed it was all the weird stomach lining. Too intense for me. All the others I ordered: amazeballs. But the total winner was teh carnitas de cueritos. OMG. You must order that!!!Also, if you do a dine in you will receive free chips and salsa. This place would be so much better if they didn't close at 10 p.m.
2	To start, it is super warm in this place.  Even the little cashier was sweating.The prices are outrageous for what you get and I should have gone down the street to fausto's for what is probably the best coctel de camerones in town.  But I'm hungry and a little lazy today so what the heck.  $15.99 later and it was okay with enough hot sauce.  But the restaurant being so warm the hot sauce me me sweat twice as much, haha.  Don't think I will be going back to dine in, but in a pinch I might get something to go.
5	This is the second time I have been here.  This place is amazing every time. I had the pierna torta and my girl had the Huevos a la Mexicana. They have a habanero salsa you have to ask for if you like crazy spicy. The place is really clean and decorated very nice. I love mom and pop restaurants. I will keep coming back.
3	Found this restaurant on Yelp so I decided to give a try. I came here last night, 9/13/13, and it's a nice clean comfy little place.The staff did greet us as we entered but I didn't think he was helpful. As I sat and stood there looking at their menu, since they don't have a menu you can take with you at your table, not once did he offer to give suggestions nor let me know that they had specials that were posted on the wall to the left of the cashier. But I guess that was my fault for not looking thoroughly. So, we ordered a carne asada gordita, 3 queso empanadas, 2 tacos al pastor, 1 taco de carnitas, 1 taco de carne asada and horchata. The carnitas were nasty, all fat no meat, the carne asada was tasty, not bland at all and cooked well. The tacos al pastor were very good, definitely had that al pastor flavor so you can taste the marinade and they give it to you with pieces of pineapple. My favorite though was the queso empanadas but I think they can be $1.25 not $1.75, anyways they are definitely worth going back for and what I mainly like about this place is that their tortillas are hand made, and let's be honest,...there's nothing better then hand made tortillas, hmmm!!One downfall, (for me anyways) is that they don't have the drinks out where you can refill yourself nor do they have a salsa bar and mainly all Mexican restaurants have one available where you can grab your own salsa's, chiles and radishes or cucumbers.I'll definitely come back again but another thing I didn't care for much was that once we left, the cashier though he did say bye, didn't ask what we thought about the food even though I did mention to him that that was our first time there and that I found his restaurant on Yelp. You would think you would be friendlier to your guest and make sure their experience was nice so that they can come back and give recommendations.
3	Notice LJ after last weeks visit to neighboring Long Jin - will LJ be our local go-to Mexican restaurant ?simply place - order at counter then sit down for food to be delivered.  I was ordering lunch to-go.Went with an asada taco ( $1.99), carnitas taco ( $1.75) and al Pastor ( $1.75) along with a beef empanada ( under $2) Food came out quickly, took home without thinking about salsa bar.  Luckily, server provided limes, green and red sauce.The empanada ?  3 words - Where's the beef ?!?!  For some reason it reminded me of a puffy taco because it was 90% air and maybe, and it's a stretch, maybe 1 tablespoon of meat - not happy.The tacos - all were decent - fair amount of meat but a slight ding for only one tortilla - and yes, the 2nd tortilla makes a difference.  I give a slight nod to the al pastor.Will this be my go-to place ?  Not sure yet - I need to try a few more items and ask if they can add a 2nd tortilla to the taco.  overall, not a bad experience.pics attached
4	Loooooved it!!! Food was great! After asking if they had pesole (didn't see it on the menu) we decided against it and go there taco special.After derlivering our food the owner brought over a small bowl for us to try. Very nice! Service was awesome!
5	Great tacos. They took a bit longer to come out but they were cooking the meat fresh to order. I finished each taco in two bites but then again they were only 99 cents. I work nearby and will def be coming back here for lunch!
4	This place was good and cheap, just how I like it! It was a little far from where I live and nothing was super spectacular but it was good and If I was in the area I would stop by again.We got the:cheese empanadas- delicious.adobada tacos- pretty good, not the best I've had, but goodThey bring you free chips and salsa when you first sit down.It was a nice touch. The specials are on the side of the cash register if you want to get a better deal, though I found everything to be pretty inexpensive already.My only real complaint would be that all the reviews said the tortillas were handmade, mine were definitely not. :(
5	Clean restraunt all the way around!  That's important. .....  and the food was so onolicious that its my new Mexican craving. Its a best kept secret.... go there and enjoy the .99 cent tacos everyday!
3	It's been quite a while since my first review and I feel the need to upgrade them a bit. They are still not my favorite place in town. The flavors just aren't dynamic enough and sometimes the food is a tad bit bland, but they are solid and have relatively reasonable prices for the portions they serve.The meats are well-cooked but a little under seasoned. I like the pastor and lamb. They are a little heavy handed with the onion, so if that's not your thing ask for it on the side.
2	Yelpers, you steered me wrong on this one! I found this place highly rated and decided to stop on it. I wanted to love Los Jarochos based on the reviews and the atmosphere but I was super disappointed in their tacos. This is obviously a family run establishment and it pains me to write a 2 star review but I have to. The warm greeting when I walked in was lovely, as was the delicious smell coming from the back of the kitchen. The charming older Mexican ladies cooking my tacos made me smile and got the foodie in me thinking "wow, these are going to be some seriously kick-ass street tacos." When my food was ready, I was more than disappointed. I ordered a carne asada and a chicken taco. The meat was poor quality, with a slight edge going to the carne asada. The chicken taco was HORRIBLE. The meat wasn't white meat or breast, it was more like rubbery, chewy thigh meat -- the kind of "chicken" you get at the worst Chinese restaurants. That's not my cup of tea, so beware. The prices were cheap enough (we both ate for $12 total), but the food wasn't good. The chips tasted like something out of a bag and the salsas were really thin and runny. Don't attack me for liking a bit of chunk with my salsa. The flavors were okay but nothing I wanted to finish eating. The homemade corn tortillas were good. The tacos were fine but they are very heavy on the cilantro and onions so if you want to do some kissing later, skip the toppings. It looks like in the past they had a more extensive menu but now, half the signs are covered up or scribbled out with magic marker. Maybe their more "exotic" meats are what's good here, but I really just wanted a chicken taco, not a tongue taco. The restaurant was clean and pleasant. I was just so let down by this place.
5	So freaking awesome! We always order togo and its just as delicious as if we were sitting there. The tostadas are crunchy and spicy. I love the cheese they use. The best thing about this place is the adorable friendly young lady who works the counter. Always pleasant, fast and precise.
1	Horrible!!! Nastiest Sh*t I've ever eaten!!! Ridiculous amounts of Garlic and absolutely no flavoring on the burrito (Carne Asada). Funny how they're proud of their prices... $7 burrito that tastes like sh*t. Go to Roberto's, Pepe's, or my absolute favorite Tony's... u get a burrito that's 100 times better at half the price. Don't take my word for this place, go waste your $$ if you don't believe me.
3	I was bored one day, did a Yelp search on myself  "LJ R", and this place popped up. I really need a new hobby.  The first thing that caught my attention was the $0.99 tacos. They have $0.99 tacos Tuesdays through Thursdays all day so why not right? And on Wednesdays, it's $0.99 Al Pastor tacos all day. Hey today's Wednesday. Did LJ R. go to LJR? Nah maybe next week.LJR has a $5 order minimum for card usage so I had no problem with ordering 5 Al Pastor tacos. It came with pepper, green onion, lime, and sauce on the side. The tacos weren't that bad, not quiet like the more popular al pastor taco spots around Vegas but satisfying. I liked the meat, it was more lean and less greasy but kind of mild in the flavor I was expecting. It was topped with fresh onion and celantro. Most my tacos never held together and the fillings burst out the middle of the tortillas, I just picked them up with my fingers.The service is friendly. My drink was refilled and food brought out in a reasonable amount of time. They served complementry chips and salsa. Not a lot of tables inside but they weren't that busy. Clean looking minus the wall of containers on the counter. The rest of the menu sounds good and are reasonably prices. It's hard to say if I fan or not but I'm at least leaning towards whatever side is positive. I'll have to go back and try more.
5	The cleanest Mexican restaurant in Vegas! Food is amazing! As Mexican I have high standards regarding Mexican food and I must say this place taste like Mexico. Tortillas are hand made and the salsas are delicious. They have great dishes beyond the typical burritos and tacos. Tamales, chiles rellenos, entomatadas are amazing!
2	Unfortunately I'm extremely particular about meat that I eat...I can't deal with random fat chunks. Which this place seems nice and the one bite I did eat had good flavor, but does have the random chunks I can't deal with. If you don't mind that part then I'd say go ahead and eat here, you'll prob like it
3	Upon walking in I was surprised at how big it is. There were only 2 others in the restaurant. It was an off time. The place is very clean. It was very warm inside. Which was not pleasant on an over 100 degree day. I was ordering take out.  The order process was quick and simple. It took about 20 minutes for the order to be ready. They also include napkins and utensils. I ordered the beef fajitas. It is a huge portion. Too much for one person. I was a little disappointed as I felt it was overwhelmed by cilantro. The tortillas had an odd flavor as well. The chips were good, not greasy nice flavor. The beans were quite watery. The rice was perfectly cooked and I liked the taste. Perfectly seasoned. I ordered the shrimp burrito for my DH and he loved it. I found the prices high. 32.00 for two for takeout. I will try this place again, they had a lot of choices.
3	Not impressed.  Staff was not overly friendly - and pricey for what I got. Flavor was OK.
4	The best Pastor in town, no doubt.
2	Ordered a burrito, definitely a big burrito, just wasn't that tasty, the chips and salsa were good but overall the cost was to great for me to go back I think...
5	One of my favorite Mexican Restaurant... Is a big place the service is a VIP... One of the most clean restaurants I ever been, and the food is just delicious!!!
4	This place is around the corner from my house, so I thought I'd pop in for a look-see. Normally, I frequent Roberto's, but I had a hankering for something different. The place is very very clean and orderly. Bathrooms were immaculate. Tables were quickly cleared and wiped down. It's even nicely decorated. I love the neon sign on the outside. Very tasteful! Dining area is a nice size as well. Tables are well spread out so you don't feel like you are sitting on top of someone. Although, every time I've been here, it's been pretty empty.Staff was friendly. I ordered the lingua tacos. The linqua was cooked to perfection, and they didn't skimp on it either. A lot of mexican restaurants I've been to, will throw a couple of pieces in there and then fill the rest with cilantro and whatever else.Chips and salsa were super tasty - not greasy. I don't know what their house salsa is but it was so good. I couldn't get enough.I will say that the food was under-seasoned, but still delicious. It just needed some simple salt or authentic seasoning to complete it. I'll def be coming back here as an alternative to Roberto's. The food seemed fresher and less greasy.
2	This place is so hit and miss. Sometimes the food is excellent. Other times it's pretty bad and then you sit there wondering why you paid as much as you did for food you got. The good news is I think I figured it out!!!! There is one guy who is there a lot of times he is a stereotypical looking Hispanic that is fairly short and probably in his late 40s early 50s... He is no good! Everyone else that works there is great! But that guy seriously charges you more by a couple bucks for burritos. (My go to is the bean cheese and rice) because that's not on the menu it some how rings up at $5.50... If anybody else is working it rings up as three $3.80. And for some reason if you ever seen him in the kitchen the food just taste bad...  I have been here probably 15 to 20 times... However I think I am just going to give them 2 stars and move on... Avoiding certain people at restaurants is just too much work
5	Real Mexican food. Clean, nice staff and fresh home made food. My favorite Mexican place!!!
4	Went here after the motley brew fest downtown.  I had the tacos plate which was good and reasonably priced.  The salsas were smoking hot, and I like it spicey.  The only surprise was that they dont have beer/liqour license.  Definitely will come back.
4	Still the best for tacos in vegas. Recommend el pastor, tasty and affordable, 99c!! The staff is welcoming and friendly and the complimentary salsa and chips is spicy but delicious, you can't stop eating it. Love this mom and pop restaurant.
1	I went to this place because it had good reviews, but I  was really dosapointed. The Tacos were only  99 cents but they were VERY small. Their tortas are also very small. The only thing I liked about  the restaurant  was the free chips and salsa. Not the worst place but, I will definitely  NOT return.
5	We just discovered this gem of a restaurant and we have gone there 3 days straight.  It is a family run restaurant that serves amazing food.  They are super friendly and always smiling.   This has become our favorite Mexican food and we go to a lot.  You know it's authentic when they serve lengua!!!!  Everything is great here!!!
5	The best tacos ever!!!! I've been looking for a taco place all over Vegas and this has to be the best!! Even better than tacos el gordo...hands down closes to LA tacos in Vegas I has the Assad carnitas and tripas
