4	I really wanna come here when it's actually a bar.  I mean, yea, every time I come here it's a bar.  But I'd like to come for an actual bar activity.  I think it could be cool.  But it's a great lunch spot.  I really wish I didn't go to lunch alone because I'd love to make use of those board games.  And it just seems sad to play with the shuffle board by myself.  Today when eating lunch, 4 TV's in front of me were set to Espn2, Nascar, The movie Saw, and Teletubbies.  Well, first Barney ended - then it was Teletubbies.  On one of the many TV's in the other room I saw they also have some cooking show on which I wish I'd been in front of while eating.  Very theme appropriate.I do love their full leg, fishnet lamp.  And some of their cheesy signage is fun.  But I'd love to hang out with friends in their little mini-living room on the raised platform with the big screen TV in the corner playing the "fireplace" video on constant loop.  Love that thing.But - I go for lunch.  Their Philly is good, and their burgers are pretty decent for a bar.  Nothing amazing, but ok.  The place is nicer on the inside than I expected, but still felt very casual.  They definitely get bonus points for the popcorn machine behind the bar.  That plus those board games take this to a solid 4 star experience based on my lunch time experiences.
2	As a bar, Monkey Pants seems to want it both ways.  They have a 1:00am shirtless shot routine that makes the place feel like an annoying college bar.  At the same time, the atmosphere is decidedly low-key, especially considering the "wacky" and "outrageous" name.  I've been there on a few Friday nights and, each time, could count on one hand the number of patrons.  If nobody is going there, it must not just be me.  Maybe it's better during lunchtime...Time Out Lounge is in the same strip-mall.  I'd recommend drinking there instead.
4	Ahh Monkey Pants. Everyone I know hates it. The Frat Bar, they call it. But, it's so close to me and that damn name, it makes you wanna drink there. But, alas, it is a frat bar(-1). It's got that "clubhouse" atmosphere with the Christmas Story lamp and Parker Bros Games. So about the 3rd time I'm there, I go into the bathroom and come out to a bar of shirtless people , thinking WTF? O, a shirtless shot! No, No thank you, I'm fine WITH my shirt. I'm a big boy and I'm sure no one wants to see my Buddha belly and Dungeons and Dragons tattoo anyway. They have a kitchen that stays open late and has some great wings. Cajun on the grill, mmmmm mm, try them. Chris, Krista and Nate are some good tenders, ready to serve. I usually stop there after going to the Timeout, on my way home.Besides the Frat Boy atmosphere, my only beef is: one time I was shooting pool and the waitress somehow got about 8 shots on my tab, in addition to the 5 beers that I did actually have. Getting the mistake fixed was as simple as getting scolded by the head bartender about being clear about what drinks go on my tab, umm I only had beer, sorry. lol? I now pay as  I go, problem solved.
2	Monkey Pants is a bar that doesn't take itself seriously -- as if its name didn't give that away. The bar hosts live music from local bands, goldfish racing and a 1 a.m. topless shot (free shots for anyone who ditches their shirts!) deal. Sadly for the guys, not a lot of women are eager to part with their clothes and the guys are usually the ones who end up topless by night's end. This wacky spot is fun for a couple drinks, but I couldn't imagine spending an entire evening here. It's usually pretty quiet and uneventful.
5	Monkey Pants has some of the best burgers in AZ.  Great place for a long lazy lunch over some pitchers.  I think one month my friends and I went there like 20 times for lunch.  Never got sick of it.  It's a dive bar, but it's a cool dive bar.
4	I know I'm going to loose me some cool points for this one, but I feel no shame at all in shouting, "I LOVE MONKEY PANTS!" Besides, if the Time Out Lounge crowd could even hear me at the other end of the parking lot, they'd probably just assume I was being snarky and ironic. I mean, who the hell frequents a bar named Monkey Pants? Do they have children in tow? Is there a petting zoo on the premises? Because it sounds like a Barney-Raffi-Teletubby-Wiggles sing-a-long title, not a place where adults go to get blotto. Oh yeah? Well what's in a name? That which we call cheap fucking drinks by any other name would still get us loaded. And who are you to argue with Shakespeare? He hates your crappy emo poems anyway.Huh. I guess I didn't know how strongly I felt about Monkey Pants until that verbal vomit just came spewing forth.As a gesture of goodwill to those of you who I know I'll see at Time Out in the future, and will undoubtedly rib me for my irrational love of a place called Monkey Pants, I will concede the following point: it is most definitely not an evening drinking destination. It is an excellent happy hour or weekend day drinking joint though. Discount 2.25 well and 1.75 domestic drafts between 5 and 7 (that only increase by a buck at regular prices)? Hell yes. An unlimited fount of free popcorn good for munching and launching? Check. An entire menu of good bar food if you're looking to absorb some of the alcohol sloshing around? You betcha. One of the best waitresses/bartenders I have ever had the pleasure of tipping? Thanks for consistently getting me drunk, Krista! There's pool, shuffle board, trivia cards, board games, kitschy paintings, a fake fireplace playing on loop, leg lamps, and enough televisions to send you into a pop culture coma with their soft, hypnotizing glow. This is the type of place where I can show up at five and drink straight through to ten or later without even knowing it, and thankfully, without even coming close to breaking the bank. I've been around for the "wacky" antics that others have brought up as negative (one o'clock shirtless shots, fish races, and thematic discounts--moustache Monday and wig Wednesday, and so on) but hardly anyone participates. And I've never been to Monkey Pants when it's exuded a "frat bar atmosphere." Come during happy hour and you're more likely to see the local flavor propped up around the island bar (I dig an island bar) than the kind of people barhopping down the Mill Avenue strip. There's just enough buffer room to keep them at bay.So if you're comfortable enough to put aside pretension and indulge in a little kitsch, I'm sure I'll be seeing you soon!And if that doesn't convince you, maybe these six little words will:Bacon. Wrapped. Deep. Fried. Hot. Dog.A nacho cheese covered coronary on a bun. I never knew death could taste so delicious.
3	I went here once.  I couldn't resist.  Who could resist?  My friends would ask what I was up to all evening and I could say, "Oh, I spent the evening hanging out in Monkey Pants." I've never been there for shirtless shots, but I appreciate any place that's willing to serve breakfast and beer at the same time.  In some ways, the decor says, "Like me! I'm trying too hard." but it grew on me.  Or maybe that's the liquor talking.  Our cocktailer was nice.  She flashed a genuine smile.  Not a dead shark eyes, Stepford wife smile.  I tip extra for real smiles.I looked up to the TV screen expecting to see a bunch of grown men dressed up in costumes running around like super heros while fat old guys dressed like zebras keep score on who looks less ridiculous. Which is what usually appears on such screens.  It took me a few moments to remember how to focus my eyes and realize I was actually staring at an image of Leonard Nimoy from the sixties wearing a blue v-neck and  pointy ears.  Spock?My god.  I think I just creamed my monkey pants.  I will definitely go there again.
4	I like Monkey Pants. I just moved to Tempe and I don't know many people here or places to go yet. Monkey Pants is very close to my house, and I'll admit that the first time I went in it was because the silly name caught my attention.This place is really laid back. The servers are friendly and the drinks are cheap.  I like the shuffleboard table :-) .  I have been here during the day and at night. It's not a bad place to watch football on a Sunday. They have a lot of TVs, and it's not hard to find a table in front of a TV and get the server to put on whichever game you want to watch. My one complaint is that I have never seen this place crowded, even on weekend nights. Bring a bunch of friends that you want to hang out with, because there aren't many people to meet here.
4	I was skeptical, but when she asked me if I was coming on Thursday dressed as a pilgrim for free drinks -- that's when I decided I loved Monkey Pants.Yes, the bartender girl also tried to interest me in a round of goldfish racing, shuffleboard, or some board games, I just about lost it.  This place rocks.  Monkey Pants takes "Campy" and "Kitschy" and magnifies those terms by 1,000.  This place is not pretty in its strip mall glory, and would be considered a dive by most folks.I was on sensory overload, taking in the fish tanks, bad decor, construction paper turkey/hand cut-outs, grandma couches and grandma lamps, the leg lamp from the Christmas Story, the video-feed fireplace looping in the corner -- all the while trying to envision myself in a pilgrim get-up.  She wasn't kidding. Some co-workers and I found ourselves here for their $3.95 hot wing night happy hour and had cheep drinks, plus a complimentary grape tootsie roll shot.  Grand total?  9 bucks and change.  Toothless grey haired Willy mocked us "Suits" folks as we left the place, but...  I'm sooo there next week and I might even show my chest for a free shot at 1 am.
4	You really cannot beat this place.  A great out of the way bar that has no frills whatsoever, just a kick back atmosphere with some of the strangest dcor I've seen.  The big screen in back always has the Yule log burning, the "leg lamp" from A Christmas Story is proudly displayed, and a framed Kiss posted is proudly displayed.The rest of the place follows suit.  The staff is quirky, always yells "HELLO" as you enter, and has no problem just chatting it up with you about whatever is on their minds.  There is always free popcorn, and plenty of beers to chose from.  My advice would be to stick with beers in the bottle.  I've had some funky stomach issues after drinking beer on draft there.The food here is surprisingly good.  Grilled, meaty chicken wings smothered in BBQ sauce are tops on my list, and they have more burger options that you know what to do with.  There are quite a lot of TVs to watch, a juke box that is always playing local favorites (when they don't have a band playing), and there are a couple of pool tables and a shuffle board table as well.And if you happened to be there at 1:00am, you get to experience the "One O'clock Shirtless Shot."  You never know whose shirt is coming off...
3	When I lived in Tempe I would grab a late night snack and a cocktail here on occasion. This place is somewhere between a dive and a sports bar. it is large and has several different rooms to drink/eat in. I have seen bands perform here a few times late at night. The drinks are cheap and the food is decent.The regulars and the bartenders were friendly.
4	I knew I was going to like Monkey Pants before I walked in the door when I saw the sign: "Today-free reacharounds for anyone wearing Suns gear." Sweet.You will like Monkey Pants if:*you want a multitude of TVs to watch various sporting events*you appreciate friendly bartenders*you want cheap drinks (my Stella drafts were $4.50 which isn't bad at all and my Bud Light draft was $2.50)*you like bar games (pool, shuffleboard, and board games are all available to play)*you like places with mixed crowds*you don't want to dress up to go to a bar (I'm pretty sure I could have rolled up in a hoodie, jeans, and flip flops and still have been overdressed)*you like obscure songs from the '80s (for some reason that dominated the jukebox selections last night)*you want to chill on a couch with a drink in front of a faux fireplaceOverall, Monkey Pants is not a place that takes itself seriously. It has a loyal clientele from what I could tell as the bartender seemed to know a lot of the folks who wandered in.  My husband and I will definitely be returning when we are in the mood for a few drinks, sports, and shuffleboard.
3	Ya, it's called Monkeypants, cute.  It's a dive with cheap beer and a cute name.  They do have a ton of board games if your in the mood.  It's dark inside, which is nice sometimes on a hot day.I give it a 3star for cheap beers.
4	I have been here a couple of times now and really dig this place.  They have cold beer on tap and pretty nice staff.  There are plenty of TV's for you to watch any sporting event.  They have NTN trivia with lots of TV's.  It's a very comfortable bar with pool tables, couches, booths and an outdoor patio/sidewalk.I would rate there food above average just for the fries.  They are really good plain or with cheese.  Their chicken sandwiches and burgers are very good and above what I usually expect from a bar.
4	Oh Monkeypants and I go way back. The first time I went I thought I could hang with my 21yo neighbors... we had a fantastic time. Great drinks, fun atmosphere. Younger crowed but it wasnt full of college aged jerks. Make sure to stick around for the 1:00 shirtless shot, it's free so that means it's something everyone should be involved with... at least once.
4	Stopped by for a few drinks and shots before the Warren Miller show last Friday. What a cool place! As my first time in Tempe, I was pleasantly surprised that this place wasn't a trendy college bar. The shuffleboard, Christmas Story leg lamp, and board games nailed to the walls won me over. Plus, the fire place burning on the big screen TV brought me back to Washington if only for a minute. Friendly staff, good drinks, clean rest rooms all make Monkey Pants a winner in my book. Oh and Natural Lights (I think that is what the guys ordered) in a paper bag? Priceless.
4	I used to say AZ 88s martinis were served in a time warp. You would finish one, feel fan-freakin'-tastic and order another. By the time it arrived at your table, the effects of the first one had hit and you were wasted.At Monkey Pants, I have to say "Let's do the time warp again." I ordered a small vodka tonic with the intent of having just one drink, doing a little writing, a taking in the Monkey Pants lifestyle. I felt fan-freakin'-tastic after one. Enough to say, "sure give me another." By the time it arrived.... Well, you know the story. Thankfully, I'd also ordered the grilled ham and cheese. Yummers, and very good with the VT.
4	I didn't drink there, as I was already intoxicated prior to my arrival. I did have a burger and fries at the bar, which were both fantastic. They serve food late and didn't bat an eye at my red-eyed state. They kept my diet coke full, the overall level of service was as high as I was. Oops, did I say that out loud? I normally wouldn't write a review for just one visit, but the burger and fries were surprisingly great and I had to cut the burger in half to manage it. The bathroom was clean, too, which I find to be unusual in Tempe area bars. I'll be back!
3	Bars that serve food...sometimes it's the greatest thing in the world when you've put down too many, and are in need of something to soak up enough alcohol so that the next round can be taken down with little to no pain.  Other times it's the stupidest thing you can do, and the grease (which at this point is not the word) and booze make a simultaneous comeback that night or the next morning.  So good bar food is very important in the grand scheme of things.  While good bar food isn't always the case, Monkey Pants in Tempe makes a strong case for a nice meal when you are close to hanging over a toilet. Located in a shopping center on the corner of Southern and Mill is convenient for those who are waiting for their car at the tire shop that is also located is that area, or for college students looking to get away from the "scene" of Mill Rd, closer to the University.  The bar offers indoor and outdoor, with the outdoor seating usually reserved for those you prefer to die of lung cancer.  Inside the bar is enormous with a plethora or choices of seating.  There is an area with pool tables and other bar games, and a raised platform like area complete with TVs and booth table seating.  Of course if you don't like the whole table thing, the bar is nice to sit at as well.  One of my favorite amenities at Monkey Pants is the board games.  While you are waiting for food, feel free to grab Monopoly or Sorry to play with friends. The menu at Monkey Pants puts a fun spin on the typical bar menu.  While the usual suspects of wings, potato skins and other bar appetizers all grace the front page, the names of the burgers stand out as the focal point of the menu.  Each burger is named after a state, and is garnished with foods from the region.  And if that weren't enough, bacon can be added to anything for a buck.  I started with an order of wings and a side of onion rings.  The burger I ordered was the Nebraska Burger, which to a picky eater is perfect; it's the only plain burger.  I also added bacon...hey, it's only a dollar. The appetizers where good and came out quickly.  The wings sauce had a nice flavor and heat, and if I were to guess, did not come out of a can as is.  This is definitely a house recipe.  The onion rings weren't too bad either, but after eating both (with a friend, I'm not that big of a gluten), I did feel like the burger might be a little too much...but I, in the name of writing a review, forged through the fullness.  The burger was cooked just as I asked, and was perfect in size.  The fries, which can kill a meal quickly, were crispy and flavorful.  As I started the main course, I knew that there was no way, that the food in front of me would not survive my stay at the restaurant. Service was great.  The sarcastic wit of my waitress made me feel like I was a regular, and quite welcomed any time I liked.  The food, place and service were a complete package of what I am looking for in bar food.  The specialty days that they offer, i.e.: Wig Wednesday, wear a wig get happy hour prices, make me want to frequent the place over and over again.  I would recommend Monkey Pants for anyone in the mood for a good environment, nice food and fun service.  And if you can stay for the One O'clock Shirtless Shot, I would recommend it.  Sure it's a bunch of dudes with their shirts off, but it's free if you join in, and every now and then it's a coed event.
3	I had a good time at Monkey Pants, we celebrated a buddy leaving for basic training. I will have to go back again. And the one o'clock shirtless shot was awesome. Sorry I don't have more to report because I was drunk and don't remember much else, so that tells you it must be good.
4	Every time I have gone to Monkey Pants (and I love the name) I've had a good time.  The food, while usually not one of my priorities, is always good, and the guys always seem to dig the free pop corn.  About the only bar I will actually bother with a Juke box, but it's got a decent selection.  And the gimmicks, while just that, seem to work for this place.  I wish they were a little closer to my house, I would go more often.  And I love the 1 o clock shirtless shot - even when I was the only girl in the whole place - it was still fun.
4	This place jets out some great vibes with its own semi-dive, pseudo punk hipster, quasi sports bar gig goin on. Anyone could fit in here and feel like the scene is just right for what you want. I was initially misled by their funky daily specials, thinking this place was more a fleshy, drunken, routy, sloppy cheap beer joint. Alas, the clouds have parted. I love the board games and have recently fallen in love with the shuffle board. Though the space between the pool tables and shuffle board is quite narrow, this makes for the creation of new friendships (or drunken aquaintences anyway).The food is fine - I've only ordered food here once, but it was pretty good. My will power however is often stretched to the max around the popcorn after a few shots on Whiskey Makes you Frisky Fridays. This can be both good and bad depending on how much popcorn or maybe how much whiskey is involved...Either way, I will make a conscious effor to be regular here now.
4	Fun place! Cheap drinks and a very laid back environment. It has a very indie, dive bar feel to it and the crowd is always chill and laid back for being a college crowd. The games are an awesome addition, for a buck you can play on those touch screen games for about 15 minutes and the other games are very affordable as well. Cool crowd, decent service, fun games.
5	The wife and I were looking for something low-key and random to do on Halloween so we gave this place a try.  It was pretty early (8ish) so the place wasn't very busy at all.  That was a good thing because this ensured we could sit wherever we wanted and there was nobody playing that shuffleboard game thing they have.  I LOVE that game!  We had a few reasonably priced drinks while we played then ordered some burgers.  Their burger selection is surprisingly good with tons of topping to choose from.  You really wouldn't expect it from a "dive" bar.Our burgers were big and juicy and tasted excellent.  I don't think they were pre-made and frozen, but if they were, kudos to the defroster!The service was excellent as our waitresses were fast and friendly.  For some reason we had 3 different waitresses during the 3 or so hours were were there, but it was ok.  I have to give a shout out to the waitress that took our food order because she brought me a pitcher of diet coke so I could refill it myself.  AWESOME!!  When I eat I somehow drink tons of diet coke and it is always a pain for the waitress to keep on refilling and a pain to wait for another one.  Anyway, we didn't even get to that point because she brought the pitcher right away.  It was like she knew me!  Very impressive!The price was very reasonable for what we ordered and we had fun.  It seems like most of the people who hang out there are regulars so they are pretty friendly.  We even made some new friends when they challenged us to shuffleboard for drinks.  Good stuff!!
2	Scale of 1-10 (single visit):5 Food5 *Drinks*6 Service8 Atmosphere6 ValueI'll go back because it had a quirky-factor that I liked and b/c I need to try a burger to really gauge the food, but there were no drink specials (sorry, cheap "domestics" doesn't cut it) and my overpriced Frito Chili Pie wasn't good.  The chili was below average and it used shredded cheese.  Frito Chili Pies need nacho cheese.  That's Frito Chili Pie 101.  The service was also slow and uninformed, but she might have been new so maybe that'll come up too.  Luckily the deep fried, bacon wrapped hot dogs saved the Food score a bit.
4	Okay, the Time Out Lounge is alright and divey and crawling with scenesters and all, but I have always had fun at Monkey Pants.  They always serve me HUGE shots, so I wind up hammered quicker than normal, and perhaps that colors my estimation of the establishment... but I really like it.  It's kitschy, and I think that's cute.  This place is eclectic.  I'm not totally sure if it is going for being a dive, a sports bar & grill, or a retro punk kind of place, but I kind of like that it has all of the above because it just doesn't seem that pretentious to me. I always appreciate the camp-factor in a bar, and the yule log on the television in the back with the velour-covered parlour furniture is a hoot. I also like that it isn't on the main drag, because the strip-mall setting isolates it a bit from the douchebaggery.  It kind of has to be its own destination.  I usually get good service, and while the music can be hit or miss, I'm drunk quick so it's just funny.  I don't think it's that overpriced, and I really like hanging out here.  Being that I do have to make a twenty-ish minute drive to get here, I like it enough to find it worth coming back to, even though it isn't that local to me. Oh, and I know they do "Shirtless Shots." Before you get too excited, just know that you'll take the good with the bad on that one. I have seen my fair share of pasty, sagging flesh at the bar.  And bra staps, too. It's funny... as is the infamous goldfish racing.  Not like I participate or anything.
4	Funny and just perfect for a Monday night!! I was honored to have a former student as my waitress and did enjoy all her recommendations. I liked the decoration and the music. This was the first place where I've tried a Michelov!Enjoy the Mustache Mondays for half price drinks (even if it is fake!!).
3	Nothin special. Never packed which is kinda nice. Decent prices. Decent food. Bartenders and staff are always cool. Crowd is mixed. My favs are the leg lamp, shuffleboard and sofa/fake fireplace combo. Just cuz it's different.
4	I loved the atmosphere of this place.  The service was decent, but one of the bouncer working there didn't have much of a sense of humor.  I thought there were decent beer choices, and the price was fine.  We had some fried cheese curds and they were delicious!  There was plenty of look at to stay entertained, the bar area was pretty neat.  I want to go back and play SORRY!
3	Part of me wants to rate Monkey Pants 4 stars, and part of me wants to rate it 2 stars.  I'm going to settle on 3 and leave room for a possible update the next time I go. My friends and I stopped in here on our Saturday daytime dive bar crawl (think 6 hours of drinking total for like 25 bucks!) and the place was dead.  There were a few patrons at the bar, and they all looked like they were ready to pass out...at three in the afternoon!  Imagine a scene in whichever cheesy vampire drama you've gotten into recently when we opened up the door with the bright AZ sunshine pouring in.  Aggghhhh!  Shut the door!  You're letting the darkness out!  That being said, I see the potential, and reading the reviews below I refuse to rate this solely on this experience.  I'd love to see some of the fun-loving whippersnappers below in the confines of this promising environment.  The drinks were pretty cheap, and the food was not bad (Wisco Cheese Curds Whaaaaaat!).  I'll be back Mr. Pants, and when I do I'll update this review, for better or for worse.  I promise.
4	I have been to Monkey Pants a few times now, mostly for drinks only.  Recently I had a chance to eat some of the food so it's time to chime in on the full experience.  I love the creativity of the place.  Crazy promotions like, Fish races on Thursdays, shirtless shots at 1, wearing sombreros for discounted tacos and other similar wacky ideas make the atmosphere fun.The prices are reasonable and they always have great specials.  They have a ton of burgers on the menu. My friends who have sampled them say they are very good.  I have had the wings a few times and I have to say they are better than average.  Recently I had the Spanking Monkey Sauce, Grilled.  A combo of the BBQ and Buffalo sauce combined.  Very Good.  I have also had the Tacos, Although they are very generous with the taco meat, filling the shell more than halfway to the top. The taco meat itself was only average. Another thing that was unfortunate for me and I am sure it was an isolated incident, but recently when I was there the service was below average.  Not that she wasn't trying, but our waitress was apparently working alone and it took over an hour and a half  from start to finish to eat a quick meal.  We waited an inordinate amount for service, delivery of order and check to arrive.  Other than that, but place was terrific. Go check it out for yourself.
4	Peanut Butter Cheese Burger! This is a great place to watch Sunday football. They have great drink specials and tons of TVs. On their menu they have a collection of hamburger creations from around the USA. If you eat all of them you get a T-shirt, TP and Pepto. My guy has decided to take on this challenge. He started with the most menacing...Georgia burger. Ready: Hamburger with American cheese and a huge scoop of creamy peanut butter. Gross right??!! NOPE. It was fabulous!! The flavors were perfect together, I would actually go back to order one again. You must try this very strange combo that is surprisingly so good and cooked to order. The buns were VERY stale. If that is fixed you would have some really great burgers. PS Get there for the 1:00pm Sunday shirtless shot!
4	Peanut butter on a hamburger.Yep, you have read right.  I had the Georgia Burger... peanut butter, american cheese, add the bacon.Seriously, you have to, have to try this.  I've seen this on food network several times, but haven't found a place that offers this fantastic combination.Leave it to a place called Monkey Pants.  Don't get me wrong, I had reservations about ordering this burger blissness.  Not only that, but I couldn't not order something so random and full of potential.  One of the best burgers I've ever had.  But seriously, Monkey Pants, I know you named the place just so it's hard to take you seriously... but mid afternoon on football Sunday and the bun was stale.  Not just on my burger, but on my gal's burger too.  Come on Man!  Oh wait, it wasn't Monday Night Football, but could have made the segment had Ditka experienced a burger cooked to order, and the ingredients so sinfully good.  My advice, order the burger, bring your own buns!
4	Monkey Pants, The Pants, M Pizzy... Call it what you will, but Monkey Pants is and will always be one of my favorite bars in Tempe. I love this place because it's a bar that reminds its customers that they can let loose and not take themselves so seriously. Customers are also kindly reminded that they can receive a free shot just for showing off a little skin during the 1 o'clock shirtless shot! It's nonsense like this that made me a regular here, and it's nonsense like this that will always encourage me to bring my friends here for a good time.The Pants isn't all about wackiness though, they take a few things seriously, like their food. A lot of the menu is typical bar fare, but there are a few things that stand out. In an attempt to cater to the influx of new-to-town transplants, they have burgers named by their state of influence. I definitely nod in the direction of the New Mexico, the Arizona and the Georgia burgers. They are all amazing, and if you're feeling silly, go for the Alaskan burger...that's sure to make your server (or Chris the bartender) chuckle. Next up, The Pants' ranch. They seriously need to bottle that and sell it. That ranch is the tastiest that I've ever had, and when paired with the fries, it's what the French would call, "Bueno!" ...or something like that. The ranch can also be paired with some pretty delicious hot wings as well. If you decide to go with those, get them charred on the grill with extra sauce!In my opinion, any night is a good night for M Pizzy. But, if I had to choose a couple to recommend, they would be Wednesday for Wig Wednesday (happy hour prices from 8pm until close if you wear a wig...which are provided...and $2 off burgers) and Thursday ($5 hot dog special, live comedy and goldfish races after 10pm). Monkey Pants is a happening spot; go and get yo ass in The Pants!
5	Monkeypants is an unassuming watering hole on the corner of Mill and Southern in Tempe, holding down an anchor space in a strip mall next to a tire shop. Not a great sale so far, I know. BUT, what's so great about Monkeypants is that it's not about flash or sizzle, or about broad appeal. It's a goofy little neighborhood bar with sassy waitresses who serve up delicious wings and cold beer. The juke box plays everything from Ludicris to Grand Funk Railroad, there's plenty of sports on TV, and the expansive patio (along with no-nonsense bouncers) keeps the riff raff out. If you're looking for Affliction T-shirts and overly tan women in short skirts, Monkeypants is definitely not the bar for you, but if you want to share postgame laughs with your softball team while eating food that's not very good for you, you can't do much better than the Pants.
4	My office is down the street and this is one of our favorite spots for Happy Hour. I love the daily specials and enjoy sitting down with come jalapeno cheese curds and a game of Clue.
2	Wow, Monkey Pants, you really let me down.  I've heard so many great things, from Yelp and from friends, and I couldn't wait to check this place out.  I finally did, and was honestly very surprised at how much I didn't like this place.So the basics... you can usually get 2 out of 3 on service, price, and quality.  Well the service sucked.  The waitress was literally angry we were there.  The prices were ok.  Quality?  When your coke doesn't taste like coke (we're talking about soda here), the lemonade doesn't taste like lemonade, and the nachos seem like they've been prepared a few hours ago... not my place.The decor confused me.  It seemed like they wanted to try for a sports restaurant, with a ton of TVs, but the TVs were fighting with the grandma's living room section.  I didn't feel the vibe, in fact I felt the desire to go home.They have a free comedy show on Thursday nights as well.  The MC kept reminding us that you get what you pay for, but he must have been lying because they didn't pay me to sit through it.  Just about nothing offends me, but these "comedians" had offense on lock.  Jokes about rape and abortion, one after another, and nobody was laughing - time to give it up.
5	I popped into Monkey Pants for my first time not long ago. I guess the best way to describe the environment is gloriously tacky. It was Christmas time so they had lights up, including the sexy leg lamp thingy from "A Christmas Story", a wood fireplace on TV and they were building a beer can Christmas tree. Picture the biggest beer castle ever. From the floor to the ceiling. Yes, gloriously tacky is a wonderful description.The music her was mostly country and rock. Sorry, Lady Gaga fans. The crowd was very mixed. It seems many people from many different backgrounds come here to bask in Monkey Pants' soft, tacky glow. The drinks specials were good, the waitstaff was very attentive, and they had many TVs with various sports events on. One of the coolest things about Monkey Pants is the boardgames. Who doesn't want cheap drinks and Battleship? I dare ye find such a man. I didn't get a chance to look at the menu, but as a vegan bar food for me usually means peanuts or french fries.
3	This place used to be my spot.  I spent countless hours in this bar in my mid to late twenties waxing philosophical with any drunk that was around.  I actually met my wife in this bar, and many people that I am still friends with today, which is why I can't rate it poorly, but the fact is, the place has slipped considerably in the past couple of years.Every time I've been in lately, the bartenders are nasty rude bitches.  It wasn't like that before.  The customer service was top notch all the years I went to this place, pero no mas.I stopped in for breakfast on a weekend with my buddy and my 1 year old daughter.  We had the breakfast, which is pretty cheap and pretty good.  The bartender seemed upset that she had to wait on us.  Needless to say, we had an okay breakfast at an okay place, that used to be an awesome place.  My daughter didn't make a mess, but she did throw her sippy cup under the table, and I didn't notice until I was out at the car.  When I came back in to get it, the bartender told me she threw it away (it is a nice, obviously not disposable cup thingy).  I had to fish it out of the trash (she didn't offer to get it for me, pointing from behind the bar to a trash can, and no excuses or apology, just nasty bitchiness).  So apparently my daughter isn't welcome to eat breakfast, in an empty bar that serves food, on a Sunday morning, in the same place where her dad met her mom?  Give me a break.The decor in this place is still awesome, with plenty to look at on the walls, if you feel so inclined.  It has character, and a great layout.  The only thing missing is service.
3	This is a unique bar in Tempe.  They have old school couches, board games, pool, an odd shot thing at 1am if you take your shirt off, townies, old school bar food, arcade games, and a fake fireplace. It's one of my favorite places to take a first date because there is enough around to break the ice and start the conversation.
4	I love dive bars and unlike many other dive bars, Monkey Pants is one with a younger crowd... one where you will not be the only person without an AARP card in your wallet.  The bartender looked like the main male character from (500) Days of Summer. Great. The drinks were cheap and strong. Even greater. This is probably the reason that I even thought the bartender looked like a quasi Joseph Gordon-Levitt. Hands down, the BEST part of the night is when its time for 'free shots if you take off your shirt'.  Ideally this is meant for the ladies of the bar. The reality, however, is much more entertaining. Suddenly there are dozens of shirtless men (who really shouldn't be shirtless in any circumstance) parading around the bar.  Anyone first walking into the establishment would think they've entered a bad porno or some sort of explicit party.  Its hilarious but unfortunately that image will be forever burned into my memory, regardless of how much alcohol was circulating throughout my nueral cavity.I had to hold back one star only because the crowd is a bit to 'frat boy' esque for my liking. Although it is par for the course being located on Mill Ave near ASU campus.
3	I was in this bar on Sunday at noon.  There were a total of 5 people sitting at the bar, which was fine with me, because I really just want ed a quick bite to eat and a beer.The place was very dark, just as it should be.  The bartender was attentive (and since she wasn't that busy, it would have irritated me if she wasn't).The beer was cold, the food was decent.I had the fish and chips, and my buddy had the rueben.  Both were well done bar food.  Nothing special, but nothing to complain about either.  Goldilocks bar food--Just Right.1 small pitcher of Bud light1 pint Kilt Lifter1 rueben1 fish and chipsBill was $24 + $6 tip = $30 total.  $15 each.  Not bad.The place was clean enough that I'd eat there again.  It would have been nice if they were still serving breakfast at noon on a Sunday.  Why, because it is Sunday, and breakfasts can also be lunch.  It is called brunch.
4	This is a very interesting place.  Don't go here thinking it will be classy.
4	The ambiance is just ok but the people watching and entertainment factor on my night out made it ok to round up.  I didn't try the food.  Out on a rather impromptu night out we stopped in here after 10pm on Easter Eve.  Anna M. had mentioned that their website said something about appearances from Jesus and the Easter Bunny, and sho' nuff as soon as we walk in I see a  Girl wearing an Bunny head and a Jesus in a corner offering the Stations -Trials that a faithful Monkey Pants patron could go through for a few shots and a t-shirt (Facing insults, washing Jesus' feet, drinking wine from a sponge, among other things).  Also as the clock hits 1am they have shirtless shots, where everyone who takes off their shirt is offered a shot.  Now its mostly the boys doing this.  Either way it is entertaining.      This is definitely nothing fancy about this place.  Just a down to earth slightly dive-y location where you can drink cold beer, have some food and play a little pool if you choose.  I may have to go back and try their grub here soon....
4	Monkey Pants was really dark, there were sombreros sitting here and there and there was a bulletin board across from where I was sitting covered with Polaroid photos (I assume victors of Burger Nation challenge they have).  The clientele appeared to be local regulars (always a good sign).This is the only place I have ever been that offers 3 varieties of wings: fried, grilled or blackened.  I tried a hot grilled dozen.  The wings were very tasty but not hot by any means.  I'm not sure if my order was prepared wrong or if the grilling neutralizes the hotness a bit.  Either way the wings were very good so I have no real complaints.  It did take a bit for my wings to be served but the website did indicate that they employ only one cook and everything is made fresh.  I don't mind waiting for good eats.The bar is large with ample seats at the bar and many tables.  If you're a sports fan they have television sets all over.  They don't all have the best picture but you won't miss any action.  There's a pool table, various arcade games and a jukebox (loaded with compact discs).  I dig Monkey Pants.  One day I shall return and inquire about the Burger Nation challenge.
2	shitty slow service. beer selection was blah....only thing i really liked was all the games they had..but i didnt even want to stay around to hang out and play em'was not impressed..had a different picture of this place based on the reviews...guess ts one of those see for yourself kinda places and see if ya like it.
4	My friend and I came here because that there were themed nights to participate in. Originally, we came for 'mustache Monday,' however, instead participated in the trivia night. Although we were absolutely awful at the trivia itself, we had so much fun. The staff was super nice and attentive and definitely made us feel very welcome. The best part about the trivia night is that the winners of every round get a prize (more incentive to win, no?) Monkey Pants has a very chill and homey feel to it, and I really enjoy that. Honestly, my friend and I plan on making as many trivia nights as we can because it was so fun. The food is also nicely priced with daily deals and happy hour deals.
4	They have fun specials, and kinda cool theme nights. Really good food for a bar. The manager/bartender Nate makes this place worth going to even if they had shitty everything else.
1	Not impressed.Dark, which is good because I'm not sure it would pass a health inspection otherwise.Are fried cheese curds supposed to be chewy like silly putty?Burger was way over cooked and drrrrryyyyyyyy.  I ordered some state, they name their burgers after states, that had a pepper sauce only it wasn't saucey, explain that please.Two good points: decent fries and lots of tv's.
4	Onstar: "Hi where can onstar take you?" Me: "Hi I need to get to Monkey Pants Bar in Tempe, AZ" Onstar:"where? Can you please spell that?" HAHAHA! Anyway, good thing I gots me some free onstar cuz the pants is somewhat hard to find in a strip mall. However, they have great drink specials and friendly servers! They have theme nights, so that's fun. Wings were pretty good. Cheese curds are awesome! They also have some interesting burger options. Also a bacon-wrapped, deep fried hot dog!!! Say What!? Yeah that's right. I unfortunately have not ordered it yet, but a friend did and he liked it. But really, how can it be bad!?
2	First of all, I'll start with the name.  I originally thought that this was a children's clothing store.  I don't like cutesy names for kid's clothing stores, so taking a name like that and applying it to a bar is enough to rile up the cranky old man inside of me.  But I digress.I came here on a date (her choice), and got there a few minutes before she did...so I ordered a whiskey and diet.  The diet was flat.  I found a table and sat down and was messing around on my phone while waiting.  As I was viewing the 2011 Cardinals schedule on my phone, I saw something moving across the table out of the corner of my eye.  It was a cockroach.  Anyways, once she got to the bar, we had a couple other mild disappointments.  The waitress seemed scatterbrained for the first half of the time we were there.  She bought us drinks that we didn't order, and didn't bring us ones that we did.  However, after a while, she improved...I'm guessing that she was "in the weeds" as servers call it, when we got there.  Not a big deal, but obviously not impressive.The girl I was with ordered what they call a "vegetarian" quesadilla.  I would have just called it a quesadilla.  There's not really any veggies in it.  Also, they are the only place I have ever been to that mentions Hepatitis on the menu, but they spelled it wrong.  Misspellings on menus also rile me up, what can I say?All said, this is a below-average bar in my opinion.  I would go back, but only if a friend or someone wanted to go...not a recommendation in my book at all.
5	My experience with Monkey Pants takes place on a Thursday. I am a stand up comic and I love comedy, and Monkey Pants has grown into a great little room for people to see some great comedy.If you haven't liked Monkey Pants before, try going back during a comedy show, and they have 3 dollar captain and cokes, and cheese curds that are pretty tasty. (probably not that healthy though)(thursday night - @ 830 pm)P.S. I've also been on trivia night, which was also fun, but I suck at trivia... soooo. If you're into trivia, you should go that night instead.
5	Far and away the best dive bar I've been to. Nate is light years beyond any other person working any type of customer service, safe to say the best bartender you'll ever have. Great environment, the food is bar food but still tasty(Cali burger and cheese curds ftw). The wait staff, especially Alex, are awesome and friendly. All in all it's an amazing place that you'll always enjoy.
3	Been here once. Pretty fun little place. Kind of trashy peeps from time to time but otherwise a good time. Have not tried the food as of yet. HH is good though.
4	I've drank here about 5x, played games about 6x, and ate here about 4x. First off - I LOVE THE CHEESE CURDS. They are little greasy nuggets of joy. So if you don't like greasy food, these are the last thing you should order. But dang, they are awesome. :)So, I like shuffleboard. Enough that I've played for shirts before (of which I won, by the way). When my opponent lost their shirt, Monkey Pants and any other patrons didn't even seem to mind. After all, they have a shirtless shot 1-2x a night anyways so it isn't completely uncommon to see shirtless people in here.Drinks seem to be reasonable here as well, especially if you order some of their special drinks.Food is pretty decent as well and I'd put it about one step above bar food in some cases.I'm not sure how long they have been doing it... but they had a "power saver" night where they wouldn't use lights, but rather candles for their lighting. As stupid as it sounds, I REALLY loved it. The bartenders also dressed up and it ended up feeling like a speak-easy. Speaking of bartenders, they are pretty dang attentive. I think I've received some of the fastest service here.Overall, I like this place. I wish I lived closer so I could just walk there. I could see this as being my local watering hole.PS - They have a lot of board games too. So if you're looking to spice things up. Grab an old fashioned board game and have at it!
2	Food is not very good, atmosphere isn't either. Lots of TVs is all they have going for them.
2	burgers are good... but i spent 21 (including tip) for a burger and an appetizer.. no drink... HOLY SHIT.
4	What a great venue! I went on a Thursday night for the free comedy and was pleasantly surprised at the turn out, the comedy, and the great vibe.If you're not into comedy, don't worry! The location allows for two set up - one half of the place was a bar and the other was a stage for the comedy. When the comedy was over, they opened the place up again. It was great!The service wasn't super amazing but it was typical for your bar scene. The prices were average and the food was just okay.Show up on Thursday nights at 8:30pm, get some free entertainment, and enjoy this place!
1	Food was cold. Margaritas were disgusting. Cranberry and vodka were gross. Given dirty plates to eat appetizers off of. Had bugs on drinks. Came to have a few drinks with family bad service all around. Was not even helped for 20min after we sat down.
3	Huge place - bigger than it looks.  Lots of unique things going on here on various nights.  Such as fish races on Thursdays.Interesting characters (regulars) to visit with at the bar too!Beer selection was decent but nothing stellar.
5	I'm a complete dive bar junkie. Whether I'm in a big city, or small town I always seek out the local spots. I was in Tempe with work and we happened to drive into town right at last call so we searched for the closest bar which just happened to be Monkey Pants. After we got over laughing at the name and the paint job on their truck...we went in and were greeted by the waitress right away. It wasn't too busy especially for a Friday night but the place is huge! The bartender was very attentive and adorable.  I really wish I could've made another stop at this bar before I went back home..I saw a bunch of posters for all these theme nights and great deals. Reading previous reviews it sounds like they have parties going on like this all the time. Great bar!
4	I used to live right down the street from Monkey Pants and it's an awesome option if you want to grab some drinks on a weeknight. I used to go on Wednesdays because there was hilarious karaoke and free goldfish racing (where you name and race a goldfish against a random other person by squirting a bottle to try and push it down a lane to the finish line). My roommate actually won the goldfish tourney and we got 20 bucks off our tab. The food is mediocre but what is to be expected for those prices?! ...And of course the topless free shot at 1am is amazing. It isn't as bad as it sounds because everyone (guy/girl) takes off their shirt and there are so many people that no one is caring whether you're hot or a fat mess, it's all about having a good time (and it's not like you take off your bra).
4	if you want a a perfect gem that has all walks of life coming together around a local dive bar that is funky fresh MONKEY PANTS is the place for you! Wednesdays never fails hilarious karaoke is always a riot, the drink specails are great too! during day light hours it looks like nothing special but stop by the place around 10:45pm and its a a local spot filled with hipsters and tons of other people just down for a good time. from 21- 65 perfect for all ages to just enjoy life and have a good laugh around at the live entertainment, hope to see you on wednesday night!
5	This is the closest you'll get to a real life Cheers bar where "everybody knows your name".  The staff is great and super friendly.  Drink prices are reasonable.  If you are hungry get the grilled chicken wings.  My favorite.
2	So the place has Christmas lights, and a fair amount of ambiance, and supposedly there's a shirtless shot at 1:00 - which might make going back worth it.  Other than that, the service was less than lackluster, the domestic kegs all seemed flat.  In other words, go somewhere else unless it's 1:00 and you want to see some daytime nudity.
4	I really didn't know what to think about this place after I heard the name. I was pleasantly surprised when I went in. Old style cocktails available as well as ample seating for watching sports. I did get to play ski ball too. Definitely a great local bar.
3	Great atmosphere and food. Pretty terrible service.
4	This bar has quickly become my go-to since it's like, a 5 minute walk from my house..I can just stumble on home if I've had a few too many. This place is really divey, and the decor is pretty comical. Pictures of teddy bears doing sports on one wall and portraits of naked ladies on the other...The vibe of the place is VERY fun. There's plenty of seating and they have a section where there's a stage for comedy and karaoke nights. And.. get this! They have GAMES! There's always something going on every night. I think they also do a night called Fancy Pants? I've been there once..not too sure it's a regular thing.The drinks and food are great here. I can't speak for Burgers Across America (since I don't eat meat), but I've had plenty of things here..the cheese curds (omg delicious), veggie wrap and grilled cheese. Yum! I have witnessed the 1am shirtless shots. What I have not seen are many ladies partaking in it. It's usually a lot of guys...haha. Service is usually pretty prompt unless they are super busy. The staff is super friendly. Overall, I've never had a bad experience and I've been here several times.
1	After sitting at a table for about ten minutes, I asked the bartender why the server was ignoring me, he said there was no server,even though she was clearly present. If you are unable to take my money, I will be more than glad to spend it elsewhere. If you have a secret ordering technique, let a motherfucker know. Sorry, the schedule of servers isn't posted on the wall,and as handsome as I am, I am not psychic. So in total, fuck you, fuck your ignoring ass server, fuck your bar, aand your schedule of servers, that apparently, everyone is supposed to know.
3	Checked out the comedy night last Thursday here. Decent bar with an unusual two room setup. One side is just totally bar and the other side has a stage for whatever. They had $4 captain and Coke on Thursday, but the comedy was the same pathetic amateurs telling fart jokes. Can't expect much for free. Patio was nice outside - too bad patio's can't have a non-smoking section. College bar.
4	Cheap drinks and have my favorite, Kahlua and black coffee (which a lot of bars won't carry.) Good for big groups. Service has been solid every time I've gone.
5	I love this bar!The set up with all the lounges is excellent. It is amazing how spacious this bar is!They have a good beer selection, surprisingly they have Killians on tap, it is rare any bar has Killians on tap. The service is awesome, everyone is very nice.  Lindsey & Erica are the best!If you like a laid back bar with friendly people this bar is for you.
3	Disguised as a dive in location and by name, it's not really that divey. In fact it has a established feel to it as I escape the Phoenix summer into a dark bar that is far less silly than the sign suggests. I expected an atmosphere of sweet depression and melancholy, but find a very standard bar that is bigger than I could have imagined.  I wouldn't go here to eat, if that was my main purpose. The food is ok, but I don't find the kitchen containing any culinary surprises but the wings are fried, sauced and then grilled. That's nice. The service is fair.I came here to meet people and play some games. I never got to the game part at all, but that's ok and I don't regret it. I have no doubts that I will get back here on one occasion or another. I has a certain appeal, even if I am not sure what it is. So, for a dive its great - but even for a dive I can ask for more. Don't change Monkey Pants..
2	Food was almost average couldve been better had hot  wings and fries blah!..Service incredibly slow on a friday afternoon,had to take my tab and go find the waittress to cash out.Guess cant wrong with the drinks and bottled beer here(only miller and coors on tap).Sports on tvs all over gives it 2 stars.......
4	I've never been here before, but I came on Thursday to see one of my friends do his last standup act in Arizona. (He's moving to NYC, he'll probably be a star one day). The place was pretty cool! I've never been to a place like that before, so it was a new experience. I didn't have any food, but it looked good from what I saw. I went during the comedy night, so it was pretty packed. A lot of people had to stand and watch the people perform. Not a bad crowd of comics either! Some were hilarious, some were so-so, but I totally give them props for going up there. That seem brutal. I don't know if I'd ever come back, just because it's on the otherside of the world from where I live, but if my friend ever did an encore, I'd be there in a sec!
4	You walk in and it's a bit dark and sleepy. But there're lots of games and TVs. And wait there's ski ball what? Ya. Will be back for sure. Drinks and service were awesome. Lovely bartenders! Wanna see this place on a Friday or Saturday.
4	This is a fun place to go when you just want to grab some grub, drink, and hang out. They are very accommodating when it comes to football, they make sure you get to watch the game you want to see:) I had the New Mexico burger, which was pretty good.
2	Myself and a co-worker had used to go here every thursday after work. The service has always been a touch slow. We loved the wings and onion rings. Our last visit there was a disaster. We took a larger group from work to celebrate a co-workers promotion. We were largely ignored and what service we did receive was rude. The waitress...to use the term loosely...was even argumentative. Especially with one of our more sun tanned guests. After that experience we have not been back and have no intentions of it. Goodbye monkey skanks
4	Great bar. Love the location and the atmosphere.
4	I played Cards Against Humanity at this place once in June and had myself a brew.  It was a fun place.  I hear they have Karaoke here, which is always a great thing.  The food here looks delicious.  I can't recall if I sampled someone else's food here, but I think it was good.  FOUR STARS!
1	One of the worst bars in the Phoenix area. I've been here in years past and it was a dive....it's just what it is and always will be. I like dive bars. Event: karaoke Saturday. Low energy Dj on his laptop who messes up everyones song consistently. That's about all that is guaranteed. He looked like a grubby Wolverine and was out to smoke/ talk on his phone once he figured out which magic button he could mash to play almost the correct song. I was there for 2 hours....Ambiance: always known as a little bit icky dive bar (fine by me) this place has gotten worse! Bathrooms were filthy and there were dirty poo filled fish tanks next to the bar. On the counters were lovely flip flyers of things that go on every night including..."Wigger Wednesday" where you wear a wig. Not cute for business. You want my money? This is the b.s. you expect at a houseparty....where you would find more likeable characters and spend less money. This time it had been 2 years since I came. Bought a round of drinks for my friends and watched as the "bartender" poured the equivalent of 1 1/2 shots of liquor total for 4 tall drinks. She then added Sprite to the shaker and mounded the pint glasses heaping with ice. Even then it couldn't be watered down enough so guess what? MORE SPRITE.I asked for an extra shot of vodka in each when she brought them to me. She then charged me $5 each drink for a 2 count (at best) which is half a pour for non bar people. So all in all I paid a fortune for 4 very weak tall drinks for my friends. I didn't have a fit because 3 of my friends were locals and I didn't want to make a fuss in case they went back. I left her $1.01 tip....and you know what that $.01 means when you works for tips. If she would have given me a full shot as a back I would have tipped her $7-8 for the drinks. To top off the evening was "shirtless shots" where the woman bartender (see glasses of Sprite above) takes off her shirt (leaves bra on, thankfully) and pours premade 1/2 Chambord 1/2 Soda Water shots from pitchers as only shirtless dudes line up to the bar. I didn't see the whole bar, but 3 of the guys I went with went up for fun. One did not get a shot at all, which is ridiculous since our group had been taking turns buying entire rounds of drinks 4-5 at a time. It is a gimmick, but when in Rome, I get it. It was just such a let down of things that could have been made better with a better staff attitude and training, a little more consciousness and consistency. Skip it. You're better driving into the desert and drinking your own Pucker and Sprite from a plastic cup.....and you'd have better music I'm sure of it.
3	It's close to home...though I do not quite see where it gets it's Dive Bar reputation.Granted, it's dark enough inside for my eyes to take 3 minutes to adjust after entering from the sun...and while the ambience is clean enough, the place seems a bit sleepy.  From my experiences, I have been there when the place was nearly empty as well as when it has been pretty busy.  The food...it is adequate for bar food.  This ain't the place to bring Mum for a special dinner...though if she enjoys burgers, wings, fish and chips or a Reuben along with a beer or other beverage, she will probably have a decent time.  Maybe I have not patronized Monkey Pants enough...I have yet to see a bar fight or anyone ejected for playing the fool.  One of the "regulars" has regaled me with tales on two visits, though, of some serious beer-inspired battles that have taken place in or around the bar.  There are no major problems in the cleanliness of the bar or the restrooms...though I am sure when the place gets busy, the clean factor probably takes a hit.  The prices are on par with most other offerings around the area...and Karaoke Saturday is on my list as a "should attend".More as I visit again.
5	I go here a lot with my work friends. Great staff, great atmosphere, and great food. What else can you ask for? :)
4	It doesn't look like much when you walk in, but the staff is friendly, the drinks are inexpensive and if there is karaoke going on it is great fun, even if the DJ is a little scattered.Almost everyone seemed to know each other, but even being from out of town and not knowing anyone I felt welcome.Nice fun dive bar.
3	The cheese curds are absolutely amazing. The prices and specials are great. They lost two stars because their service lacks. Usually have to ask multiple times for a check, get a lot of "wait what did you all order again?" Ask again for the check...again, you get the idea.
3	Perfect dive hidden in a shopping strip.  They have a karaoke day every week and a tiny corner stage for you to sing on.  Nice thing about this is that it is separated from the rest of the bar, so if you don't want to hear/watch it, you don't have to.  Everyone has always been very friendly, here.  If you are looking for a place to unwind and just hang out, Monkeypants is a place to go.
1	Nasty...the owner was drunk and verbally abusing his employees.  The place was dirty, never going back.
3	Very cool it was kinda dark and divey pretty good food and drinks the poker people setting up were a little bossy i guess we were in the way we didnt stick around to play would like to go back for karaoke
5	Hey Amber,  Grubby Wolverine here.  The post you wrote was brought to my attention the other day and I just wanted to take a moment and reach out to you.  Nice review.  I'm a true advocate of customer service and expect the best from those I give my business too.  I'm a business owner as well.  I'm horrible at writing reviews but I have a collection of videos I make, typically eating breakfast with my girlfriend.  I'm launching my You Tube channel once I'm up to around 30 reviews. Karaoke was a business I started in KC 5 years back.  It has been great supplemental income and now one of my favorite artistic and creative outlets.  I take great pride in being the best at it.  Judging by the time of your post, I started my gig there a few months before.  About me smoking and being on the phone, It sounds like I was stressed out over something and having a bad night.  I do apologize.  Those nights are few and far between.  I am usually very entertaining and energetic and put on an awesome show.As far as the Pants goes, nothing has changed there since it opened 12 years ago.  Including the 1 o'clock, am and pm shirtless shots as well as the fish racing tanks. I won the fish races back in 03 and the picture of me drinking my fish is still on the wall.  One thing that has made the pants a success is consistency.  I know what bartender you were referring to and she is no longer there.  Staff comes and goes and the management seems pretty good at keeping the right people on board. I'd like to personally make it up to you.  Come in again on one of my nights, Wed, Sat, Sun and I promise to show you the best karaoke show in town and an absolutely amazing time.  I'll get your first drinks.  :)  I know you've been in a few times.  One thing I can guarantee is your next time will be the best.Cheers,Ben.
1	Not long ago I discovered I had a superpower; I'm invisible you see. I didn't know I was some sort of super being until I went to Monkey Pants. But right then and there, one faithful night my powers manifested and with a snap of your fingers I was invisible. Suddenly none of the bartenders at this place could see me.  No matter where I stood or how hard I smiled, tried to look friendly and make eye contact all of them stared right past me like I wasn't even there.  I didn't want to startle anyone so I didn't cry out, whistle or yell at any of the staff and seeing as how I was now invisible I was afraid that if I waved my arms or beckoned I might poke out the eye of an innocent bystander (with great power comes great responsibility don't you know). Besides I wouldn't do any of those things if I were a regular Joe customer visible for all to see; I use a thing called "bar etiquette" and disdain folks that are rude and do those sorts of things to any hard working bar staff. With visions of fighting crime and seeing bevies of naked women unseen and was gleefully giggling at my stroke of good fortune when another customer asked me what was so funny. I was crushed. When the bus boy asked if I was finished with my drink I came to the sobering realization that my power of invisibility only worked on the bartending staff of Monkey pants; my new found superpowers had their limitations. When I stood too close to one of the regulars I was visible too and was eventually served.I went back to the table on the smoking patio that my lovely companions and I had claimed and excitedly explained to my well dressed and attractive female companions of my new found powers (and their limitations) and was dumb struck to find out that they too had manifested the powers of invisibility as none of the wait staff could see them either. And sure enough no less than three waitresses passed by in less than ten minutes, our table void of drinks and none of them could see our pleading features.  In fact as the night dragged along the waitress seemed more interested in getting to their shifty drinks after work and even placing regulars at our table failed to garnish us any attention.  As last called neared there were so many people wearing monkey pants attire on the smoking patio it was hard to tell who was working and who was working on a buzz. Not that it mattered because we were still invisible you see. Through-out the evening after sitting drink-less for dozens of minutes on end, my invisible friends and I had to stoop to standing next to regulars at the bar to be seen just to get a drink. There were a number of these patrons that I wished my superpowers worked on; especially the girl that decided to point out my jeans were riding a little too low by putting her finger in my ass crack. During one of my extremely long and patient waits at the bar I ended up getting tired (a side effect of being invisible perhaps?) and leaned on one of the stickiest bars I've ever come across. People were eating food here too which amazed me because there didn't seem to be soap or a way to dry your hands in the restrooms and I could only imagine how dirty those fingers were that they were licking nacho grease off of. Our night ended without incident and we left, unseen by the staff of course. An interesting post script is that apparently the burned out neon sign that adorns this place was the source of our collective super powers because we're not invisible to bar and wait staff anywhere else but Monkey Pants. But rest assured, dear reader, that the next time I want a place with a smoking patio where I can use my super power of invisibility you'll be sure to see me at Monkey Pants...or will you?
5	This local dive bar is an absolute blast. For starters, beers are an awesome $2.25 or something, where if you go to most other places around town you're paying double or triple that. The staff is extremely friendly and willing to be accommodating to large groups and any designated drivers. Karaoke night is so much fun - i definitely recommend going. The bar is spread out, giving people plenty of room to just chill, play pool, darts, or go outside for a smoke. To top it all off, they even have yummy food.
5	My new FAVORITE spot in the Sun City. This is a friendly neighborhood spot with some excellent bar food. I had wings 3-ways. Go figure. This is like going to your brother-in-law's backyard & drinking cold beer. Then he says hey, I experimenting with wings as a gift to you.  He proceeds to blacken some amazing chicken appendages & then grills some. Just for you. Because he loves your sister- he owes you.  And he makes it up to you by serving you some fantastic grilled, traditional & blackened wings. Oh and he has a deep fryer & makes fried zucchini & fresh cut fries. Maybe he's hoping you have a heart attack right there. You don't care, it's heaven. BTW - he's bringing you ice cold beer before your glass ever gets empty. But you realize it's no backyard dream - it's real. Here's where it gets really great. The beautiful ladies at Monkey Pants are the most charming & friendly folks you'll find. Melanie & Sarah - I'm talking about you!  Thanks for a great nite!  Epic.
1	Me and a couple of coworkers went here on Saturday night at around 11:30 PM.It took 8 minutes to get my first drink, a beer at the bar. It was terrible. The glass was sticky and seemed dirty. The orange in my Blue Moon looked like it was sliced a few days ago. The guy in charge of the karaoke (someone told me he is one of the owners) that sits on the back table smoking his E-cigarette by his laptop is a dick. Some drunk guy tipped him to cut the queue for karaoke and he took it. The guy came back and asked to go again. One thing let to another and they started fighting in the middle of the bar. As we started to look for security we realized something.... What security?! No one even Asked for my ID when I entered the bar. Finally after a few minutes one of the other owners/ staff stormed through and almost knocked me over. They roughed the drunk guy out. Not even 10 minutes later we spot the drunk guy in the bar yet again... How? .. Remember? No bouncers at this bar. Bathrooms? .. Filthy. I'm pretty sure I stared at a piece of crap on the top of the toilet paper holder. I could not believe someone would do that. Like seriously WHY?! On yea and I tried to get a second drink and the bartender asked me what I wanted however she absolutely forgot. Bottom line. Worst bar I have ever Been to.  Don't do it.
4	You want a Dive?!  You got a Dive!?  They have a Dive!!  Monkey Pants is a Dive!!Well, maybe not in that classic and true sense of the word Dive, but Monkey Pants has most of the symptoms.My buddy was out to show me something he knows, and to have some fun in the process.  Ol' Monkey Pants didn't let him down.We didn't wait long for drinks, and the bartender was on her game.  Plus she was cordial.  She may not have looked like she was having fun, but she reassured us after a bit of conversation that she was enjoying the night.We just hit the place up for a beverage or six, and strayed from the food.  Not for any good reason.  We had previously ate is all.The Fireball flowed, and flowed well that night.  All the way up to the "Shirtless Shots" hour, and all I can say is, it's a good niche.  You would think it would be pants, but then again... that's probably not a good idea.Good people, in a good bar, and everyone was just out for a bit of fun that night it seems.  Bravo, and brava to them.All in all, Monkey Pants was a good time, and it was a nice change of scenery from Mill Ave, and that shenanigans.  Like I said, not a true dive, but it would hold its own in a Dive contest of some kind.... yeah, Dive contest.
5	Fantastic neighborhood bar with great bar food, free popcorn, lots of TVs, and great atmosphere. Nothing better than a night at the pants!
1	Sitting here at the bar for lunch. Have seen 3 cockroaches crawling around behind the bar.  I can not finish my food,  I will definitely be calling the health department
5	At first when we got here, it was empty...on a Saturday. Granted we got here at 7...but I still expected a crowd of some sort. Especially since it was just south of Mill Ave, in Tempe. And driving up to the building..it's not much to look at. Just your typical dive bar exterior. I honestly thought it was going to be a waste of time, especially since the karaoke wasn't even more than two people and NO crowd. But I gave it a chance and we (me and my friends, plus boyfriend) and stayed. And boy am I glad we did!!! I've never had so much fun! I have been a backup dancer for a random stranger....three times,  did the cupid shuffle with half of the bar!!! Plus I'm still sober! Lol! Food is great. Beer is cold. The only thing that happened tonight, was that I found a bug in my water...thankfully it wasn't bad..just a little garden bug. The server was very sorry and sweet. I give 5 stars because everyone feels like family and just wants to have fun. I'm so coming back. :)Plus the DJ looks like Gerard Butler and Hugh Jackman :) LADIES!!!!
3	Eh, it's not bad. Nothing special. Trivia is fun because they give out food each round. They do Karaoke too. Tons of parking spots. Staff us friendly.
5	Hands down the most flavorful and best Bloody Mary I've ever had. Sara can sure mix em up! Probably one of the most personable bartenders too. Thanks for a great time Sara!
5	Super good food and super good service. It's a great neighborhood bar for TV, pool, drinks and some good bar food. We'll be back.
1	Boo! Bring back the old comedy show. Knowing they are this big of a-holes, I will never spend money here again.
4	I always go to MP when I'm in town.  Fun place to bring groups or go late at night.  It's open every day, and even draws a decent crowd on Christmas Day.  The food is way above average for a dive bar, with decent prices and specials.  The bartenders have all been awesome.  The shirtless shots taste terrible, but who cares because it is a lot of fun getting a free shot for taking your shirt off.  The crowd is interesting and a little rough, but on busy nights they have security to keep out the super-drunk "tough guys".  They still have video trivia/poker, which is awesome.  Big, open space with a lot of tables.  Ideal for a large group. I would give it 5 stars, but here are the negatives...-shuffleboard table and Buck Hunter are gone-no more NFL package (used to be a great bloody mary specials and food specials while watching football on Sundays -- now the place is dead during football)-comedy night is no longer
3	this place is pretty ok. there's good drink specials, and our waitress was great. there are some problems though. one, they played Nickelback. another, the food. I know you can't expect great food from a "dive" bar, but if you take the time to ask me how I want my burger cooked, I kinda expect it to be cooked how I ordered it. overall, this is a pretty cool bar to go to when you don't feel like dealing with the tards of mill ave.
