4	Bare is Mirage's answer to an adult alternative pool set European style. (means girls can take their tops off) Giggidy. Ahem....Guys can take their tops off too....Well this place holds 450 or so people. I went here for an open bar event. Unfortunately it was kinda a sausagefest. Except for the 4 girls in the jacuzzi, giggidy.  It's a very classy place. Just not a good venue for spy on's open bar. The other thing that sucked was how security treated me. I mean hello? I can shut down your operations. Yea they were kinda tools until my friends saw me and they pulled me in because I'm a client.The pool itself is nestled away toward Sigfried and Roy's Secret garden. The way to get there is to walk toward the pool - then go outside, take the Secret Garden path, and then follow the signs towards the right. The password is "nipple".....Nah just kidding. Show ID walk right in - there's a bar - Good drinks for open bar, but the bartenders were kinda slow. A bunch of Cabanas, private beds, midgets and bowling. What more can you ask for? Ok no bowling. Not a bad place. Just limited size....
4	liked the exclusivity of this place, but that didn't mean there were girls running around without their tops who shouldn't have been....we had a great cabana with chairs in the sun and shade and the food and drinks were fabulous.  Pool was a little small and surprisingly warm compared to other vegas pools.  Loved the music variety and we definitely had a good time here!
4	You gotta come here.  Forget vegas night clubs.  Wake up early and goto Mirage's Bare - a vip pool/club.  They open around 10AM.  Gotta pay $50.  Call ahead and get on that guest list, or you'll be waiting in line forever.  Unlike hard rocks' Rehab, this venue is small, almost like a backyard pool coupled with high end decor.  Once inside, you notice the topless women dirty dancing with each other. You gotta love Vegas!  Unlike nightclubs, you see everyone in skin suits. No hiding behind clothes.  All females are in bikinis.  1/3 topless.  Figure spending 4-5 hours in the sun and water.  Food and appetizers $10 & up.  $15 a drink.  For you cheap bastards like me, bring a bottled water filled with spirits.
5	This is new my favorite spot in Vegas, and I've got the sunburn to prove it.  I loved that there were no squealing kids in the pool, just squealing girls trying to remember what they did last night.  If you're a girl with a decent bod, you should be able to get a pass to get in free.
4	Believe it or not, I had more fun in the daytime at Bare sitting in VIP than I did at Tao later that night, also sitting in VIP (but that night only - I absolutely love Tao). I feel the need to emphasize this "VIP" crap because honestly, I find it hard to have a good time in Las Vegas when you're not in VIP. It is an issue of personal space and privacy. I'm not bougie - if you look at all my nightlife reviews, most "hip" clubs I've had the displeasure of visiting get 1-2 stars, while the nastiest dives get 3-5. Two girlfriends and I walked into Bare around 1 PM on a Saturday. Upon our arrival, we were presented with 3 VIP bracelets. Umm..and the rest is history. The back VIP area is perfect for people watching (aka staring at bare breasts - most of them fake, of course). From what I gather, in order for men to get access to these coveted bungalows, they face a minimum of $1000 charge to their credit card. As for the ladies, you know the Vegas drill. Are you good looking? Do you look like you could be employed by a high class prostitution ring? Alright! The world is your oyster!Oh, and speaking of oysters, I tried the lobster tacos, which I don't recommend. I can't tell you if the drinks were yummy or not, because all I ever order are gin & tonics, and vodka tonics.The guy to girl ratio in VIP is 1 to 4, which is fine by me. Let's face it - Las Vegas doesn't attract the classiest crowds, and I'm not here to meet my future husband.
4	I had a lot more fun here than I thought I would have.  So a cool thing about this place, is that they're affiliated w/ The Light Group.  Because we went through the "bachelorette program" someone from BARE called us up saying that that we can get in for free, free round of drinks, etc.  Once we got there (around 11:30am) it took us maybe 30 minutes to get a seat near the pool.  We did get our free round of drinks but the waiting part sucked - especially after seeing a bunch of people getting seated before us that arrived AFTER us.  Regardless, we were a bit irritated but once the drinks started flowing, we had a BLAST.  Everyone was really friendly, from the staff to our neighbors by the pool.  I'll DEFINITELY come here again.  Only sucky part, is the price of the drinks.  We ordered a pitcher of a fruity mojito and it was $55 - and only filled up 3 1/2 glasses.  WACK.  The food was pretty good too.  My friend had a Fajita wrap sort of thing that was pretty yummy.  They serve food from the Mirage restaurant STACK, so it's expected to be pretty decent.
5	OMG... this is definitely the sexiest place I've been to on the strip.  The saturday afternoon vibe is great... beautiful people just wanting to have fun, drink and get naked.  The dj kept everyone happy.  Ladies, be sure to wear your most stylish bikini, complete w/ jewelry and high heels.  There are cabana boys who will setup your lounge chairs for you and even spritz you with water to make sure you stay "hydrated". haha... what an awesome job!  Fellas, I'd suggest you walk  up to the place oiled up and topless, and/or with the above scantily clad ladies on each arm.  Oh, and don't forget your sunglasses so you can stare at naked breasts the entire time.  I sure did!  Leave your inhibitions at the door and just have a ball.P.S.  Be sure to bring your own SPF 30+ sunscreen too cuz I forgot mine and had to buy a tiny bottle of SPF15 for $20.
5	One of my favorite pools in Vegas!!!And my husband's as well....to get to that point we have to travel back in time two years ago - shall we? The year is 2006 and I conned him into going with me to a wedding in Riverside with a promise of a two night stay in Vegas - bribery worked. And after two days in Riverside - anything looks good. Off we went to the Mirage (the Miragey as he calls it)  Now I had prefaced going to the topless pool before hand and said he would like it. (There was an issue about me being topless around guys at a friends bach party at Mandalay Bay....) I convinced him my bewbies were only for him - but he could look at whom ever else he wanted to.  He also wasn't thrilled about having to pay to get into a pool. I assured him he would like it. After roaming around the main pool and watching all of the screaming crumb catchers, he was thinking topless. A few bucks later on a Sunday morning and we were poolside with a nice comfy chair. He loved it - so much I think my bar tab for us was $200.00 - someone likes 32 oz Grey Goose and vodkas. Did I mention we met Kevin Connely from Entourage? BallersFast forward to last weekend -  In town for Marsizzles B-Day extravaganza and we were all to meet up at Bare for a Saturday booze fest. The place was packed - however we did have bed rentals - so it was bearable. It was sausage heavy - and not with hot eye candy sausage. But, I did score some cute skull and cross bone pasties and was rockin them in the pool. Surounded by sweatband wearing goofs. This pool is the bomb - small and intimate with great employees, hot servers and kick ass DJ - if only I could wade in the water without Jersey Gino trying to grab a bewbie.....
4	Good times!  Pool IS sexy!  Good looking people - lots of topless girls. Id say 1 out of every 10 girls was topless. DJ was great!  Spotted a few girls "working for the evening" if you catch my drift.......Chairs are about $50-$100, but for girls they will discount that price. Look for a cabanna boy who will take your $$ first. DONT just sit down you will be embarassed when they come over and tell you to get up because someone in line is ahead of you to sit down.
1	I heard so much about this place, so I decided to check it out. I was really disappointed. My girlfriends and I got in and noticed how stuffy it was in there. Maybe we went on a bad day, but I find that hard to believe seeing that it was the fourth of July weekend. No one was really having a good time, and people were just scanning the area for some kind of entertainment. The dj was really good but no one was dancing. We had a few drinks and then went to Tao Beach at the Venetian and found the complete opposite ambiance.
5	Alright this is the one "club" we did end up paying for this past weekend, but let me tell you it was well worth it!! After the 3 days of partying, come sunday we were ready for some r&r!!We decided to go in and get the cabana which was a $350.00 rental, plus $100.00 per person for food.  Splitting between 5 of us, it came out to about $175.00 per person, although that does not include tip.  The cabana was great, it nice and plush, had a fridge, tv, a safe to put personal belongings, nice big soft pillows, towels and our personal waitress, tessa, who was very sweet and very helpful.... whenyou get the cabana they are very very accomodating to you!! We all felt like we were part of the wealthy class that day. The pool was great.. towards the beginning of the day it was not so crowded which was nice, but even ending the day it never got to a point where it was too crowded. People just chill and relax... topless bathing, great music, good clean atmosphere. Bathrooms are really nice with a service attendant in there at all times. My friend actually got sick towards the end of the day so we went to the bathroom so she could jump in the shower with cold water, before i knew it our waitress was in there making sure everything was ok and bringing us fruit and water. Very sweet, i dont know how she even knew we were in there cause our friends did not say anything. Tessa was always coming around even when we were in the pool asking if we needed anything.   We thought it would be impossible to spend $500 in food and beverage, but i guess when chips and salsa cost $15.00 it could be quite easy. By the time we left our tab was at $480.00 so we decided to take some drinks home to finish out our $500.00!!  It was a great closer to our weekend in vegas, and yes it was expensive, but it was well worth it, plus we didnt spend anything at all the clubs we went to that weekend, so it didnt seem too bad... we would all go there again and pay the money!!!
4	The lack of overcrowdedness in itself is a good reason to go.Good djnot good topless women. Everyone was too self-conscious to take the leap.Loooved the louginess of the pool. Drinks are strong, the waitresses are really nice and very attentive. You don't need to shell out big bucks on a cabana to get good service - I like that.
4	Definitely the place to people watch and experience some breasts that shouldn't be bared. The service was excellent and i would definitely recommend if you go here to reserve a cabana, its a must!!!!
5	We were hesitate about going here since the pool area looked so small. But we were all glad we decided to go last weekend! Good times, good music and yes, boobs everywhere. Although some should have keep their tops on - YIKES! You have to get a cabana if you go, otherwise its not worth it.
4	Went here for opening day of the season this year... and GLAD we did!  FREE admission. FREE daybed.  FREE booze.  18 Pitchers of Margaritas later and our tops were off.  Not sure about the other reviews who were implying that they saw some not so great tits but while we were here everyone exposed deserved to be.  Made some new friends including a UFC fighter and had an awesome time!  Will definitly be back when I visit sin city in a few weeks.
4	We were here a couple of weekends ago.  The place is small with a decent pool size.  However, our experience here was fantastic, we (5 girls) each got a free daybed and we saw Leonardo DiCaprio!  Drinks were not that strong which is good since you don't want to get too dehydrated in the sun.
5	Went back again this last trip to Vegas both Saturday and Sunday.  All I can say is WOW. Complete debauchery.  Screw Rehab, I'll bare it all at Bare ANY day. See my "censored" pics
5	My wife and I and another couple were in Vegas May 14th-17th and had a great trip. We stayed at the Mirage and hit Bare all three days and it has quickly become one of my favorite spots in all of Vegas. Thursday was solid, Friday was very good and Saturday was ridiculous. We all had a blast out there. Mickey Ward and those guys/girls always take good care of us, and I'm a huge Bare fan, especially when it's packed like it was Friday and Saturday. Thursday is locals day so it's typically a bit more laid back. I've been told Sundays are excellent, too, but that always seems to be the day we depart.I highly recommend the pizza and the lobster tacos, and the mojito and strawberry lemonade pitchers are awesome as well. The DJ was also on his game on Friday and Saturday for sure. If you're looking for an intimate feel, VIP service, party atmosphere, beautiful people, and great food, then Bare is for you.
3	My husband and I went on a Sunday to bare. Slow at first, picked up later in the afternoon.  Guys are $20 cover.  If you want to sit (which there is no where else to sit) you have to pay $50 F&B minimun.  Keep in mind this is easy to do since drinks are $15 each and pitchers $55.  So we went with pitchers(3) and should have been feeling pretty good...we were BAREly buzzed.  Nice little pool, good music, no kids, I don't do topless...would I go again...no.  Save your money and go to your hotel pool.
5	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE!  We went here this past Friday for a little fun in the sun.  Such a great spot!  The DJ played great music and the drinks were flowing.  I couldn't ask for a better way to spend my day.  In fact, it was so great that we never made it out that night! Haha!  Anywho, if you make a reservation for the lounge chairs, just make sure you get there before 12.  When we got there at 1, they had given ours away.  It ended up not being that big of a deal as we eventually were able to get 2 chairs.  Oh, and it's a $100 minimum for the 2 chairs.  Easy to get to since drinks are pretty much $15.00 each.  I will for sure be heading back to Bare Pool the next time I'm in town!  Can't wait!!
5	This place is amazing. We reserved a cabana for hubby's birthday and it was so much fun. The entire staff was amazing and so helpful. Our drinks were never empty and we were totally made to feel like VIPs. Prices are high, but definitely worth it. It wasn't the kind of crazy, drunken debauchery that you might see at other pools. It was classy and the people were so awesome! There were a few women topless and as the day wore on, there were a few more. Tons of fun!!!
4	The only thing that brings this place down is the cost factor.  The cover is typical for Vegas, but the drinks are pretty pricy.  Other than that this place is pefect!  No screaming little kids, generally good looking people, free flowing booze, great DJ, a beautiful pool....what else could you ask for?
5	I spent three afternoons at the Mirage pool and one of them was here.  I should have been at Bare the whole time.if you are a girl, there is really no reason not to go.  you get in free, can basically get a chair for free if you ask nicely, and if you are thinking its a no holds barred nude prostitution pool, you are wrong.  when i got in i think 4 people had their tops off, which was honestly kind of lame because you would think that based on the hype and the name this would be a way less inhibited place than anything you've seen before.  the music is roughly 50 times better than at the regular pool, and the people are better looking.  and no kids!  and the spa is above ground and transparent - sexy!  i felt bad that my boyfriend had to pay $40 to get in, but he got to look at a few different sets of boobs for a few hours... so i didnt feel THAT bad.My favorite person there was a sixty-ish year old woman with a leathery tan, fake boobs, and a coyboy hat.  topless of course.
4	Headed to Vegas for a random man-weekend with a bunch of buddies in early August.  We knew we wanted to do a cabana somewhere, preferably at an European-style pool, but weren't sure where.  After an in-depth recommendation from Shauna A (she's the best) we settled on Bare at the Mirage.  We were not disappointed.The entire staff was excellent.  The waitresses that work the cabanas are all hot, friendly & attentive and the rest of the support staff does a great job as well.  The pool area is just the right size - not so massive that you feel overwhelmed but not so small that you're wishing it was bigger.  The cabanas are nice & reasonably priced (basically have a minimum food & beverage tab you need to hit) and provide a good escape from the sun if you're a paleskin like me.  There is also a VIP area that you can pay extra to access but I think that's basically a dbag filter, as in it draws the dbags INTO that area.  If you have a big group just get a cabana, otherwise hang out with the commoners in the main pool area.  If you're a hot chick you may get invited to hang out in the VIP area by one of the dbag guys up there anyways.  And if you're a starf_cker, David Spade was up there the day we were there so you could get an opportunity to hook up with a big shot if that's your thing.The toplessness could have been better and that's the only reason for the 4 stars instead of 5.  Look I wasn't expecting 80s movie style toplessness or anything with boobs flying around everywhere, but I thought that more women would feel comfortable going topless considering the relaxed vibe that the place had.  It's not a dealbreaker for Bare or anything like that, I just want to see more of it since I have this unusual condition where I enjoy looking at a nice pair of breasts from time to time.  Maybe it was an off day but to the ladies that are reading this - don't be afraid to take the tops off.  Us guys are going to take a look, appreciate your awesome boobs, and then move on.  You get a little bit of a thrill out of the whole thing and perfectly tanned cleavage, it's a win-win.Oh, and let me throw in one last thing marginally related to Bare since it's at the Mirage - don't go to the nightclub Jet.  It's not worth my time to write a full review of the place but just trust me it's not that sweet.  If you're set on going out at Mirage go to Revolutions instead but if you're craving some really good nightlife it's probably best to go to another casino.
4	We were simply walking towards the Mirage's tiger exhibit when we got approached by one of the Bare staff members; he gave us tickets for free admission and a free cocktail to 5 of us girls. Another Vegas perk of going with a pack of girls! It was totally unexpected and random. We took the tickets, headed to Bare, got in right away, and got our free cocktails. I ordered a vodka cranberry. It was a Saturday in August and that pool area was PACKED. They had really good techno music and it was definitely good people watching. I didn't see any open chairs so we just walked around and hung out for about 30 min. I could have easily stayed but some of my friends wanted to leave. Oh well, next time I guess!
3	I went on a Saturday night.  I had a ok time.  Its a very nice place with a good dj but the vibe was off.  Its more of a lounge and social type of bar with no dance floor.  We stayed till about 1am and then moved on to another place.
5	On my first trip to Vegas, I was very lucky to get a chance to visit Bare Pool Lounge @ the Mirage. This place seriously knocked my socks off.I was very fortunate to go with some friends who happened to be  "high rollers", so I got the VIP treatment. The employees were extremely attentive, caring, and efficient. (oh yeah, and attractive!) If you can afford to splurge a little bit while you're in Vegas and the weather is nice, GO TO BARE AND RESERVE A CABANA!It doesn't matter if you're in the mood to chill out or to party, Bare is the place to do it!They have an awesome DJ that can really get things going right.The food is great. (get the lobster tacos!)The drinks are great. Topless girls everywhere. (the women were conservative at first, but after 2pm, almost all of the women were topless)My only complaint (a minor one): the pool is  kind of small and seating is very limited if you don't reserve a cabana. Don't let that deter you, this place is a true pool party!Bare is essential for your next summer Vegas trip!what are you waiting for?! GO GO GO GO!
3	This is the only topless pool i've ever been to. I got free passes to go but I seriously don't see why people would pay anything over $20 to get in this place.The pool is SOOOOO DIRTY!!!!!!!!! I think your snatch would contract an STI if you sat in the damn thing. People are holding drinks, cigarettes, and food in the pool. GROSS!!!!!!!!! The water was SOOO CLOUDY!!!Also, there's nowhere for you to put your belongings if you don't reserve a cabana. I didn't even know that chairs aren't provided if you don't reserve shit. I mean, it was my last day, I'm just chillin by the regular pool at the Mirage and someone gives me a free pass. Okay, i'll check it out. BAM! Nowhere to go.It was so packed, I felt like I was on MTV Spring Break. Only a few women were topless but it didn't come off too classy given all the men that were ogling their (  .  Y  .  ) and the promiscuous photos being taken with mouths on boobs and what not. I know some people are probably thinking "wtf are you complaining for bitch, you got in for free!" but this is a damn honest review. If you're going to pay bank for this shit, at least be classy and keep it clean. When I say clean, I don't mean keep it PG-13. I don't care about topless females booty grinding on horny guys in the pool to rap songs. I care that something that looked like a condom was floating around in the water near my foot. It got super rowdy and trashy like a ghetto low production rap video so I left. It was definitely an interesting first experience and a nice way to end my trip but I don't think I need to check this place out ever again.The dj was good though!
5	topless pool party...ill check it out sure why not. went on sunday but it was kinda blah. got there around 11 but it wasnt really poppin. $200 for a chair...that was a bit much. they were casting for jersey shore that day so no tatas out.but monday was a different story. so here we are about 6 girls deep walking in the lobby of the mirage...nina a tall blonde on her way to work stops us..."hey u guys going to the pool" "well we are headed to tao we went there yesterday so we want to check out something new" "Well if you ladies want to come with me you can all drink free til 2" *6 chicks stop dead in our tracks and look at the time...12:30* lets do it! that alone gets 5 stars. to say that were double fisting is an understatement. i am sure we killed a whole bottle with all the pinapple vodkas that we can order in an hour and a half. we sat in the shallow end of the pool for the first 4 drinks and then after that we decided to go all in. the water was super warm because of all the bodies in the pool. i guess that they were playing good music but after 6 free drinks who cares what they play! a lot of girls ended up topless after a a while but security wouldnt let them dance topless but whatevs. we stumbled out the pool at 6:30 thanks bare for taking care of our drinks..sorry for the disorderly conduct/ inappropriate dancing!:(
4	There could be worse things to do than topless pool partying, right? I sighed a breath of relief when those that were out weren't atrocious; you know the kind that shouldn't be on display.  Natural definitely outweighed fake the day I went. Anywhoo... pricey for a chair, but if you plan on spending the day here, that'd be the way to go.  The people watching here is great and the music was better than what XS had played the night before. I'd definitely return.
3	3 1/2 you come here for the view which can be a 4 star at times hahaum yeah there is definitely alot of skin here at the pool in mirage better known as BARE, oh and the girls are cute too hahadefinitely if you stay here, must visit the pool, guy or girl whatever your fancy haha, sunblock at the front is $16 so try to buy at the local walgreens or ABC store on the strip, beers are about $7 for domestic, like others wrote there are few women maybe in the range of 10-1 that mite be topless haha if your looking for that, but most felt out of place cuz you would have kids playing in the pool rite next to em hahahaI guess they see it as these people will never see me again im in Vegas hahapool *** looked clean I repeat LOOKED clean, cigarette butts, beer bottles if you look closely hahaprice $$ i think it was $20alcohol - for domestic beer $6-7view **** you definitely go for the view haha
4	By far the best pool party experience i have had. Cover was $20 but got in free. Cheap drinks for Vegas $7-10, booty full ladies all around with their tops off...cant get any better! But it did, one of my buddies is a big gambler so we got a bed with two bottles at no cost! only downside is our server was a lil "ditsy" but in a sexy way.
5	I had to write a review of Bare asap because this place is fantastic!! I was just there yesterday and had the time of my life. The service is spectacular- Kevin and Elaine took excellent care of us. They prepare your chair with elegance as they whip towels around, it was quite nice. The pool area is beautiful and the water is quite refreshing in this 100+ weather! t really does feel like a spa. The food is very good also, and they play great music.  The topless component is just an fun added bonus and makes for a wild scene!  I highly recommend visiting Bare- we'll be back there on friday! Cya there! :)
5	I loved it!  For as many times as I've flashed fellow party goers during festive occasions, I've never been to an adult pool venue.  For those of you who don't know, adult pool = topless.  I found it to be liberating and fun.   And no screaming kids.I liked that the vibe was chill and not on the crazy/frenzy frat boy "ohmygodnakedchicks" tip.  We were there during the week.  Seemed like there were lots of couples.  Everyone was nice and respectful.  Sure, guys were checking out my lovely pillows, but most seemed pretty mellow and weren't drooling, douchey assholes.  And I didn't notice any obvious boners on display.  I have nothing against boners.  But at Bare, I don't want it to look like boy scouts could camp under your shorts.One main pool and one smaller pool are available for cooling off between cocktails.  The smaller pool is more intimate and has jets.  Not a hot tub, mind you, but it was slightly warmer than the main pool.  Perfect for having a quiet conversation with a new friend.The dj wasn't really doing a dj sort of thing.  If you heard a Kanye song, rest assured you'd likely hear at least four more.  Not necessarily bad, but the music could have been more varied.Go!  Have fun you crazy kids.....  I certainly did!
4	Every late spring/summer I try my best to get to Bare Pool Lounge. I love this place. This is a great adult pool lounge at the Mirage Hotel. The staff there has always been great! It's not one of those big pool parties that Vegas has to offer but if your not looking for that type of crowd but want something small with good music and good people..Bare is the way to go. This is a topless optional for the ladies if you want to avoid the "tan lines" or you just want show what you are proud of. ;) I just love the vibe there..I can relax if I want or party too. Either way..you will have a good time. Ladies has it easier to get in but come it's Vegas. Sorry guys, you have to pay more but it's worth it.
3	I was really surprised by how small the pool was. It got crowded very fast but we managed to find room to sit on the edge of the pool. The ratio of men to women was 80% men and 20% women. Warning: Guys WILL covertly take pictures of you if you decide to go topless. Whenever a woman did take her top off, the guys would instantly flock. Luckily, the bouncers were good at making sure the guys weren't too overbearing.The atmosphere was very fun though. The DJ was amazing and played just the right mix of fun dancing music with some current hits but also some good hits from the 90's. We ended up spending quite a few hours here spending way too much on overpriced cocktails.Don't bring a lot of stuff to this pool either because you will have no place to put it!
1	Went here with my best friend when he turned 21 two years ago. We went during the week and he had never been to a "topless" pool lounge. After deciding to head down to our own casino's pool, we spotted the entrance to Bare. We decided to go and hang out here. Before we started we were told we had to wait as we had a group of 4 guys. What the hell? From where we were standing there was plenty of room for us to go in. After waiting 15 min,  we had to pay a $40 entrance fee to get in and I thought this better be the best damn pool lounge in Vegas. For 40 bucks I could get hammered super easily. I had to remind myself I was here for my best friend's birthday. The area is really small too. I was expecting a huge party area. Our experience sucked big time. When we went, the pool was absolutely disgusting. The water was murky and there were a bunch of dudes hanging in there. I don't feel like catching some disease in that pool. Common sense dictates that if you're going to go into a murky pool, don't do it. Even if you're drunk, you'll realize that a murky pool is disgusting. People dancing? Just a bunch of dudes trying to gawk at the topless women. Topless women? None to be found. There were some good looking girls but they seemed more interested in getting a tan than chatting it up with my friends.So my friends and I were hanging in the bar area and after ordering alcohol, we go to try and find a seat somewhere. Can you stash your stuff somewhere? NO. Don't bring any extra stuff with you. Do we sit near the guy laden pool? Hell no. Can we sit on the poolside seats? NO! If we wanted to sit there we had to reserve them in advance. Let's head up to the second floor where there are bigger pools. I guess not as the bouncer rejected my friend saying we had to pay more to go up there. The cabanas are obviously expensive so we knew not to even try and sit over there.The one plus is the bar. They know how to serve mean alcohol but their prices were a little heavy handed. It's part of Vegas! The waitresses and bartender were friendly. We ended up leaving after an hour of doing absolutely nothing. 40 bucks down the drain. Thankfully I kept drinking the whole time so I had a great buzz going. Other than that, this place was not worth it for us. If you want to experience the Vegas Pool Lounge party, go to Rehab. Rehab makes this place look bad. Never going again to Bare.
3	Came here for Rockstar Weekend, and there was NO topless, so this is my review of that, haha. There was a stage over the pool the night before, so it had just been refilled and was pretty clean. We got in quickly, everyone was free and we got wristbands through Rolling Stone for open bar. Didn't count for food though unfortunately, which was all I wanted. $19 for a Turkey Panini, ouch! It was pretty good, 3 stars.There's some type of strange caste system going on here. Apparently if you're part of the proletariat, you're screwed. You stand or go in the water. Next step up, you get a lounge chair. That's where I was. Next step up, you get a cabana, that seemed nice. Apparently that started at $1500. Not bad in terms of Vegas prices. Then there was this Ultra VIP area with this badass see through bubbly pool that was roped off with more cabanas. I want to go to there. But alas, I could not. And I probably will not, because unless its completely free and not topless again, I probably wouldn't be returning.
4	While there is a new trend of pool parties being hosted at Florida hotels, nothing compares to party at Bare Pool. Completely separate from the regular lackadaisical hotel pool at the Mirage, Bare Pool has its own private walkway to get into this enchanted place. I admit it is a bit pricey $100- for a chair! But, that includes $100 worth of services, and they allow more than one person to sit on the chair. My friend and I were definitely in the Vegas spirit and splurged (I mean I had just paid $100- for a mani pedi for the wedding I was going to be in that night)- If you aren't interested in seating, there is a bar that you can sit at and towel service is $20- you can also put your towel down by the pool, but then you can never have shade. The service was great, but more than that, this was a total club scene in the AM hours. The crowd was full of beautiful people. Not too many women actually take their tops off, though it is called Bare Pool. This could have been because they were filming something at the time, but I'm guessing it is more for the 21+ and the party scene rather than you can forgo the tan lines that people flock to this pool. The pool is beautiful and has two levels. The second level is higher and has a glass wall so you can see the people walking through it. The pool is more like a wading pool, but when you've come to party with a drink in your hand, it is a bit hard to swim. No kids allowed!! I think is one of the best parts about the pool. Not that I don't love kids, but it's hard to get your groove on when they are around. They have plenty of food and beverage options, and there is also a small gift shop at the front of the lounge.
4	I have been twice and it hasn't disappointed yet.  The service was great.  Prices arent to bad.  The first time we went in 08 was the best.  I will never go to another pool in vegas again, only Bare.
1	I've had more fun at Wal-MartI went here simply because my REALLY good friend raved about it and begged us to go here.  I'm a pretty good sport and owed him one since he has done many things I wanted to do over the years.  BAD CALL!  3 of us were not happy about the experience and another was too nice to indicate its mediocrity.  You walk through the door and they hit you with a $40 a head surcharge for dudes.  After we paid, then they explained to us that for an additional $600 we could have had a day bed and ate/drank up to $600 worth of items.  They would not let us apply our $200 worth of cover charges to the $600 so I pretty much told the Middle School graduate to go # himself in not so many words.  A daybed will give you somewhere to put your stuff, hang out, and get you some refreshments.  IF my friend grabs me by the ankles and begs me to come back here for one of his future bachelor parties (yes, I think he will be getting married multiple times), I would go that route.  I had a BALL at Mandalay Bay; this place sucks.  You don't even get a lounge chair for the $40.  They shove a bunch of people in a tiny pool that gets very greasy once the sunscreen wears off.  Yeah, we met some cool people here and there but the scene kind of sucked.  And no I wasn't unhappy that this was not a meathead/frat house pool.  The layout is just really bad and the people who work here were not much better.  There is nowhere to move around, no hot tub, and the fact of the matter is that the average Vegas hotel pool will have more interesting people and girls to meet.
4	My sister and I were walking into the Mirage just on a whim to explore inside the hotel for fun and a promoter approached and asked us if we wanted to go to a pool party. We looked at each other and said "Uh, sure!". We weren't in pool attire, just regular summer clothes (tank/skirt and a dress). We got in for free and he got us towels. There was no where to sit by the pool, obviously, and besides we weren't even in bikini's. We went and sat by the bar instead and had a drink. The pool was pretty packed and was much smaller than I thought it would be a for a Vegas style, 21 and up pool. Not a bad thing though, because it made it feel more intimate. The DJ was really good and I loved the music. Interestingly, the music at the pool was better than the music at some of the clubs! I felt a bit over-dressed but then again we weren't planning on going to the pool so whatever. We stayed for like an hour then headed out. As were we leaving more and more people started showing up. Even though we ended up there on a whim, overall, I enjoyed myself. The weather was nice, the drink was good and the music was fab. It was a nice way to enjoy my afternoon.
3	I just came back from Bare pool. I was there Thursday and Friday afternoon. Its interesting to note how different the bouncers act compared Thursday to Friday. On Thursday when theres less people they will welcome you in and you only pay 20 dollars. On Friday when it gets more crowded they will act more snobby at the front, tell you to come back later and the charge doubles to 40 dollars. When I was there on Thursday it was more mellow with everyone just relaxing. On Friday though it gets more crazy because of so many people and so many drunks. Drunks and small pools do not go so well. One drunk for example was trying to belly flop into the pool which is only about 3 feet high and crowded with people.He was also pouring beer into the pool which is gross. So lets get to the topless aspect of the pool which is the reason most guys will pay to get in. The majority of the girls do not go topless. On Friday out of about 50 girls about  3 were topless. So if you want to see boobs save your money and go to a strip club. The whole no more tan lines gimmick isn't working. I would say that the 3 girls who were topless were either from Europe or hired models. I noticed the more crowded it is means the more drunks there are which means the less girls who feel comfortable taking off their tops. In conclusion 20 dollars on a mellow Thursday was fun but 40 dollars on  a crowded Friday to see a pool packed full of drunks, overpriced drinks, snobby security and 3 out of 50 girls topless was a waste of money.
4	This was my first time visiting Bare and I must say I am a fan. Obviously my experience probably was influenced by the fact that I am a girl and did not have to pay for anything there. I think the cabanas are $500, the pitchers are $60, drinks are Vegas priced (nothing under $15) and I did not scope out the food menu but people seemed to love the pizza there. The pool is very compact and the lounge area is much smaller than most Vegas pool venues. In the vip section there is a standing hot tub type pool which is actually pretty cool. The crowd was cool and I would say about 50% of the girls were topless. Even with the topless factor guys were not disrespectful or gawking. Everyone seemed pretty mellow and just relaxing. I would recommend this pool venue for sure.
1	Seen better and more plentiful nudity at the Korean day spa. Drinks over priced but it was nice to be able to tan topless.
1	I think tanning topless is really awesome, unfortunately not many other patrons felt the same way. Wait, let me rephrase that. I'm sure they appreciated my tits being out and thought they were awesome and all (which they are), but not enough ladies were bringing the twins out to play. Why the hell are you at a topless pool wearing a swim suit top?One cool thing I did see was a body builder looking dude in the pool covered head to toe in sparkly shiny glitter stuff. Weird! And another thing that was at least interesting was when I ventured in to the pool I saw a clump of unidentifiable debris floating by. Yummy!I hope no one pays to get in here, it is pretty much free. The bouncer when we showed up goes to my dude friend, "So how many ladies did you bring"Friend, "Uh, I guess I brought 3"Bouncer, "Nice, you're in there!"Friend, "Um, thanks?"Then my friend wasn't let in because she tried to bring a 12" dildo in just for fun. So note to others thinking of coming here, leave you're 12" dildos at home!
2	You had better bring some money because what they dont tell you after you pay the 30-50 cover charge for a couple also there is a 50 dollar per person chair charge that they use to get you to spend on drinks and food. So basically just to get in the door its 130-150 per couple to be at a pool that is really not that great...
1	If you want to have the worst pool experience ever then this is the pool for you!  We went on Saturday around 11 am, and the water was already murky and gross looking.  Plus its super small, and I am sick of snobs who think they are too cool. Plus to top it all off the bartender mixed up our credit card with the only other person at the bar who just happened to have the same looking card!  We were left without a debit card for the rest of the trip, and when we tried to get it resolved the people that work her are the most incompetent people we have ever met! Never again!
1	DONT GO!!! Horrible! It is small as hell, the pool was milky, the girls we nasty, there is nowhere to layout unless u wanna spend $$$$$$$$!! Can't believe ppl actually go there! Wish I could give negative stars! Even the 45 ppl they have working there are texting on their phones! Awful
4	The atmosphere of this all-adult pool is young and fresh.  Defiantly a reason to the Mirage over newer, trendier (more expensive) hotels on the strip.  Excellent selection of cocktails and fun.  Two thumbs up!
4	This is the one Vegas pool I keep coming back to. It's free for ladies (and I will never see the point of paying to go to a pool). It's relatively small. It's not too loud. And "topless" really just means no small children peeing in the pool and splashing you. So hey, what's not to like? Ok, it can get pretty crowded. But by crowded I just mean that all the lounge chairs can get taken up fast. It never really feels crowded. There's more girls than guys, not much topless-ness, and it doesn't feel like too much of a "scene". Plus, it just feels nice - the ambiance is just right and works well.
3	After a crazy day at Wet Republic, we decided to go to a more laid back pool party. Bare was inside our hotel so it was very convenient. I knew Bare was small, but it was very small. We decided to get a lounge chair. You have to spend atleast $100 per chair if you want to get one. The food is wayyyyyyy overpriced. My $17 bbq chicken was very small, but I didn't want to stuff my face so the portion was good for me. I saw they had a hot dog for like $15...wtf? I don't recommend eating here. Since there was 6 of us we got pitchers of drinks. After 3 pitchers we were still sober. Not even a little buzz!! I think there's something wrong with that. The music was good, but we were mostly hanging out in the pool. No crazy jumping or dancing. I think bare was just ok.
4	I had no intentions of going there but I like to experience new things...we got hooked up with tickets to go in so HEYYY lets just try it out. Not my cup of tea...not for Vegas at least.
4	Here is the deal! This is a more mellow pool for people over 25... Not a lot of the 21 somethings there.. Yes at first everyone is very uptight until about 1:30 once the drinks have been flowing! Watch out in the small glass pool as there is a lot of dirty business going on in there and if you are not into that don't go in there! Lots of fake boobs later in the afternoon! Not one to talk as I have them too! Lol.. It is affordable and the service is great! They have nice cabanas as well you can have there! All in all this has to be one of my favorite pool parties during the summer!
3	We went here for Pride after party. Nice ambience. It's outside and you could see the Mirage hotel from where you are. The path to get there is also cool because it's like you're going to a desert place in the jungle. Music could have been better but I'm not sure if that was their fault. There was something that stunk on the dance floor. Smells like sewer.
4	I have to say, when my friend told me about the pool where girls can go topless, I was all for it. (I wish we could've stop by there earlier on our trip)Monday came around and my friend & I was still in Vegas. She told me weeks before our trip that she wanted to check out the Bare Pool place on Monday before we left. She asked if I would like to join her. (F yeah!)This Bare Pool is located in the Mirage. We got slightly lost looking for the spot. Finally we arrived and through some miracle (and my friend's charm) we got in for free. We got there at around 1PM so there were the perfect amount of people: not too busy, not too slow.We did what we normally did: bathroom stop, off with the covers, and walk right back out. I saw down for a bit in the pool. I tried out the environment first. I felt pretty chill and comfortable after a few minutes then off my bikini top goes. I didn't feel like people were staring, just simply relaxing at the pool having a good time. I think I was the 2nd person there to go topless. I thought it was a little surprising since it was Las Vegas; I figure everyone there are more bold then me. (I guess not! lol)We stayed there for a few hours to get rid of out tan lines we had for the past few days at the pool parties.About 4PM people started to show up. I guess I felt like the obnoxious crowded started to fill up the spot. Why did I feel that way you say? There were scattered drunk individuals who were obnoxiously loud. I started to feel like I was at a nightclub in Downtown San Jose. I sat up most of the time and just scanned the area. I guess my friend notice that I'm starting to feel uncomfortable so she said, "lets go." This pool was a perfect spot for you to wine down from a hectic weekend and go topless... before 4PM on a Monday.You should stop by here at least once when you're in town. =]
4	Good place! If u want something a little more laid back this is the place to come! Plus the food is amazing! Coconut shrimp and lobster tacos are amazing!  Not a lot of women however took off their tops.. I was only one of the few that did.. Lol
2	Bare Pool is a 21+ pool area located The Mirage Hotel & Casino. The actual "pool" is super small...almost comical in proportion to what you might think even a small pool could look like. There is a VIP-only pool, which I assume that is reserved for special guests of the hotel. DJ was providing music throughout the afternoon. On a very hot day in Las Vegas, you can work on erasing your top tan lines. No screaming children running around. The good news is that we received comp tickets for admission and free chaise loungers. Normally, it was $40 admission, plus $100/lounger. WTF is that about? The drinks are excessively high priced. However, the wait staff is great, and work very hard to keep you happy. Security is pretty good, and there is a definite need for it. Waaay too many drunken 20-something guys that cannot hold their drinks, or handle seeing topless women. It's hard to imagine, but just a few of these types can really spoil it for all women. Some must have gotten tossed out during the afternoon because we saw a few yelling obscenities as they walked out. Still too many of these loudmouths around to suit me.It's hard to recommend Bare because it has too many drunk guys and is just too expensive to enjoy.  I have heard that it is less rowdy during the weekdays than the weekends. But, there are other topless pools in Vegas that are set up better and still offer great service.
3	I have only been here once, but it was an interesting experience. I haven't been to a full blown pool party yet, but my roommate had some comps here so we check it out. I was kind of shocked about how small the pool was, but the cabana and bottle service was good. I was a little bummed that I couldn't use the glass wall pool, and when I got in the little one, there was a lot of hair floating around in it. It is a European pool, so it is topless. I felt a little strange even just giving people a friendly smile.  Maybe that is just me, but it was still a fun time.  The food was good and it is an adult pool so it has music and no kids.
5	Great pool- best we've been to on the strip!  Staff is friendly and ultra attentive - I made a reservation ahead of our trip and the host John was great to work with!  We will be going back!
5	Bare is hands down the best pool in Vegas!!! We went for the first time last April and liked it so much that we went back 2 more times just last summer. We plan on going there many more times this upcoming season as well.Ladies...don't get overly concerned about the whole topless thing. My wife goes with me and the first time we went she was nervous about it but after a few drinks, she decided to take her top off. She was not the least bit uncomfortable after doing so. Nobody stared at her... it was obvious that the staff was used to seeing boobs as were the customers... not an issue at all unless your an extremely uptight person.The food is awesome, I loved the lobster taco's and the chicken burger was also great.  The drinks are even better than the food... Amazing drinks!!!  The Bare bartenders really know what their doing. Make sure you try the Raspberry Lemonade and the Lava Flow, those are 2 of Bare's signature drinks.Finally, the staff is really great and considering how busy it gets (especially around 3-5pm) they do an incredible job of keeping the place clean. I would highly recommend Bare Pool to both locals and tourist... it's a great time!
5	My friends & I happened to be walking through the Mirage when we were 'recruited' to this bar. Got in no cover and it was a very fun topless pool bar! Although topless is not my thing, I had a good time here! The weather was perfect in August! Not unbearable hot but nice enough to enjoy laying out. There was a mixture of people here and everyone was really relaxed and nice. Made a few friends that we ended up going out with later on that night! The vodka drink with fresh raspberries was to die for. A man up in VIP sent this drink down to myself and the other 2 girls I was here with. Very sweet. Thanks!  We had a blast and I would definitely go back!
5	We made a res for one of the dual lounge chairs thru a friend w/ a hook up and we were not disappointed. We were given one right at the base of the pool where all the action is. We initially met some chix from Cincinnati. Nice enuf but too conservative. We were in need of some friends to make our minimim and then we met some 9-ho-9 chix from the Inland Empire. One of them happened to be a Suicide Girl. She raved about wanting to be a Playboy model but she couldn't because of her tats. Let me tell you girl, you are cute but you are not Playboy material and your boobies are too small. But I appreciate you acknowledging its a topless pool and you represented well - LMAO. These chix were such rookies that they got so $hitfaced at the pool that they couldn't meet us @ XS later. Typical 9-ho-9 chix.Speaking of Playboy models, one of Hef's recent exes was there. However, when I got a close up I was not impressed. Surgically enhanced to da max and cellulite on the back of her legs. I wonder what will happen when shes turns 30-LOL. Funny story. If you look closely at the background of the pic I attached one of the Playboy girls is laying on her back and one of the other girls in the cabana is sucking her foot! And I thought only guys had foot fetishes!-LMFAO.I will definitely come back here when the weather gets better. The sites are OK, but the staff is cool, especially the waitresses and the experiences were even better - ICSROTFLMAO!
1	Be prepared for them to double charge! The first day we went here we had a good time, we felt very pampered and then we asked for our check...... 20 mins later the informed us they were very sorry but they had lost our card and they thought it just fell behind the register but they wouldn't know till close and they were just going to comp us for the day. After close the found the card and even hooked us up with chairs the next day. Again we go the next day and have fun wake the next day and check our accounts... $330 for a $75 bill?!?!? And they charged us for the day they lost our card and told us oh no we only comped you for the chairs.... Well the chairs is all we got! When I called them to ask why I had 5 random charges they said it was the bank.... Guess what not the bank! So yes the wait staff is very nice but their management is a disgrace! Make sure you check your account if you go here cause they will put a hold on your card and it's stuck on there for 5 days even if it was wrong or you paid cash
5	I liked it because it wasn't as cheesy as it could have been. There were a few topless girls, some dudes, and amazing waitresses and staff.  Very chilled out, and intimate. It's expensive, but worth the price. I went with a bachelor party, and if you do that, get a cabana bed, and bring money for shots for the ladies!
5	We had a cabana at Bare this weekend and the party was great. The place was packed. The cabanas line the side and back of the pool so you have a great vantage point to see everything going on.Bare is a great option when you want a smaller, more intimate pool party setting. Even though it was busy, I found it to be chill, relaxing. The "toptional" thing isn't personally for me (too many perverts with their camera phones, not necessarily at Bare but in general) so as a result I didn't go topless but a few girls that were with us did. There were also several girls around the pool party that had their tops off. It reminded me of South Beach or the south of France...some of the scenery was nice to look at, some not so nice to look at. But hey, to each their own. If you want to show it, show it.I didn't eat any food there but some people in our cabana ordered a burger, sandwiches and a fruit plate. I also saw onion rings and french fries. The menu didn't look very appealing, kind of typical pool food I guess. I think Tao Beach has a better pool food menu. That said, I don't go to pool parties to eat lunch anyway so the food menu is of no consequence to me.I'll post a pic of some of us at the cabana. The cabana minimum here was only $1000 on a weekend day. That's ridiculously cheap compared to $5000 cabana minimums at other pool parties. We stuck with pitchers of mojitos instead of bottles of straight liquor since I had another event to go to later in the day. The mojitos were delicious and I told the waitress to tell the bartender "light ice" so that it wouldn't get too watered down. There was a mini fridge at the cabana which kept everything cold.I will definitely be back at Bare.
4	Love the frozen fruits! I like small intimate pool parties! I hate feeling like a sardine in a can!
2	This place had a ton of potential, but as a dayclub, the experience was underwhelming to say the least. My friends and I were in Vegas in March, which admittedly is not the best time for dayclubs in Vegas. Luckily the weather was relatively warm the week we were there, and the first of the dayclubs had started to open up. We went on (I believe) the opening day for the Bare Lounge. The line was moderately long, but unfortunately we had to go back to the hotel and change since we weren't appropriately dressed. That one was on us though, so we simply cabbed it, changed, and cabbed it back. Cover was a little high (around $40 if I remember correctly), but we eventually made it inside. The crowd was pretty large, mostly gathered around the lefthand bar.  Other people were just hanging out on the chairs near the side of the main pool, which was small by any standard.  The back of the dayclub area had another pool and a hot tub; people gathered around here to chill as well.My other friends who had visited places like Rehab in the past raved about wild daytime parties. On the contrary, everyone at Bare seemed like they were there to people-watch.  They had decent dance/club music, but the whole atmosphere was very subdued. Sure you had a few topless chicks here and there, but for $40 you can keep your top on - just have more people having fun. Protip: if you plan on coming here, make sure you're wearing swimming trunks. We got turned away because half of our party was wearing regular shorts.
5	Fun in the sun.Loved going to this topless pool at the mirage with friends. No not everyone goes topless, including I, but if you want to you can. I would recommend getting a cabana if you have a large group because it gets more than crowded and seats run out quick. They run around $1000 but your food and drinks all go towards that price, so drink up! Waiters and waitresses pour all the drinks and bring out your food. Some cabanas have TVs. We had pitchers of majitos and some lemonade vodka concoction, shots of Patron, coconut shrimp, burgers, garlic fries, I think even pizza and it was all really tasty. There's a small pool for everyone and another private pool with glass side, Dj, shaded bar, and some lounge chairs. Usually there is a cover charge but I think a lot of people (mainly girls) get in for free.Defiantly worth spending a day at.
4	I enjoyed Bare immensely and there are a few specific reasons why...First, the journey to the pool is beautiful and scenic.  The path meanders through lush oasis-like greenery and it's adjacent to the lovely entrance to Mirage's animal habitat.  I got the feeling we were walking through some secret hideaway!Second, we didn't get charged a cover!  Nice!  You should note, it was a Tuesday and there wasn't really a line...Third, we were able to take advantage of lounge chair relaxation for free (again, that's not always the case...weekends, they charge, I'm sure).  And I was given free drink vouchers!  Score!But the best part...our cocktail waitress, server assistant, bartender and frankly, all the staff we encountered that day were pretty chill.  It was a pleasant experience because we were able to relax and have fun without worrying about or dealing with any potential stressors that dayclubs and clubs often cause (i.e. mean bouncers, snooty service staff, not being allowed to sit anywhere..)Other observations:- The pool area in general is pretty small, so I have no idea how that would play out on a crowded day...for us, it worked out just fine.  It was quiet and cozy.- The restrooms were clean (that's a pretty big deal for me).- The "toptional" aspect of this pool makes for an interesting atmosphere..not every girl does it and you don't feel pressured to, but it seemed to me, those that did felt comfortable doing so.- The cabanas looked pretty nice!!  No idea about the pricing though.- Drink service was prompt and genuinely NICE!  - Drink prices are typical...($15 and up range).
4	After frequenting all the biggest and most popular pool parties in Vegas, I was pleasantly surprised by Bare on a Monday.  The crowd was good, the drinks were well portioned, the set up was smart, music was alright.  It reminds of of Liquid at Aria.  With some good advertising, maybe a few  big name DJs, and promotions to bring in girls, they could really take advantage of their intimate atmosphere.  I'll be back again :-)
4	This summer, I've become quite the fan of Bare!Some notable observations:-I enjoy the tropical, greenery enclosed walk to the pool.  - I appreciate the option to go topless, although on average, 25% or fewer women actually do.  - Generally there is a good mix of music- hip hop, top 40, EDM. Although I can appreciate EDM, a full day of it gets to be a little much. -  Local women don't get charged a cover, and often there are passes for the non-local ladies available as well.  Men are $40, and I believe local men are $20, and occasionally, there will even be tickets for 1 free drink for ladies. - Drinks are pretty tasty, but are the usual Vegas prices ($12-$15 for cocktails).  - All of the staff are friendly, and they keep things very clean. I was especially impressed with the bathrooms! I usually fear going to the bathroom at a pool, but Bare's facilities are extremely clean and well maintained. - The water is clear and not filled with all kinds of gunk (spilled drinks, sunscreen, etc).- There is usually a really nice mix of people.  Although the pool area is relatively small, especially in comparison to some of the "major" pool/clubs, Bare never gets overly crowded and thus, I don't get that claustrophobic feeling that I do at some of the more "in" pool parties.  I absolutely hate feeling like I'm trapped in a sea of wall to wall people and like I am forced to be in a cabana just to escape the madness.Bare has definitely become one of my go-to spots for fun in the sun this summer.  It is almost like a hidden gem on the Strip!
5	Aside from offering what I believe to be the best pool scene in Las Vegas, Bare also represents everything that this town has come to represent, particularly for the younger generation who isn't stuck in a cigarette smoke filled casino from sun up to sun down. Excess, exuberance, enticement, and the ability to escape into another world, for at least a few hours, are all in abundance here, and even without the optional "European style" looseness on the clothing regulations (I would estimate the exposure rate between 5-20%, depending on the time of day) this would be one Hell of a great party.When I walked up to Bare, after navigating through the forest that lies in the middle of The Mirage hotel, I gave the gatekeeper my name, and was told, "There is no guest list for guys." Right, I said, but there is one for me. He checked again, and with a nice, slightly embarrassed apology let me right in, along with my friend Japhet and his roommate, waiving the $50 fee for each guy. If you've got hookups in Vegas this is the place to use them. Hours later, our minds blown, and at least a dozen pitchers of mojitos downed between the three of us, we had experienced perhaps the most fun of our entire 5 day weekend. I'll spare you stories of "the girl in green", as she became known, who got kicked out for somehow having entirely too much fun, or the stage dancers from EDC who were the nicest Aussies I've ever met, and almost all Aussies are nice, because really every trip to Bare could result in dozens of recountings of things you really won't see anywhere back home. Hell I really won't even elaborate on what happened when my buddy chatted with a swinger couple for a bit too long, because as they say, what happens here... (unless one of your other friends takes a cell phone photo of your text conversation after the fact and posts it to Imgur, woops).What I do want to praise though is a DJ that absolutely slayed a Sunday afternoon pool party with his mixes (and was sorely missed when we returned on Monday), drinks that were as strong and well mixed as anywhere else I've gone in Vegas, and a staff that is there at your fingertips from the second you lay down to relax in your bed, assuming you're smart enough, and early enough, to get one. For a mere $100 worth of spending (which you will easily do here), or by knowing the right folks, you can reserve a bed for the entire day, and get the best possible poolside views of all the entertainment. I suggest if you're early enough to go for one of the beds in the middle of the pool, for a full scope of all the main party, or one at the very end in between the main pool and the wall pool, because there's never ending activity in there as well. You'll have a waitress dedicated to your area, and a pool boy watching out for you specifically (don't forget to tip these guys as well, as they work just as hard, if not harder). There are also separate guys in charge of issuing who gets what beds/chairs, so if you take care of them too they'll not only seat you wherever you want, but make sure you're surrounded by as much of the opposite sex as you desire.In addition to the stellar drinks, the food here is definitely restaurant quality, albeit obviously pricey (but you can apply that to your $100 minimum if you're still too hungover to start drinking). The lobster tacos with guacamole were as good as anything else I had in Vegas, and the buffalo chicken wrap was exactly what I needed to prep for a long day of travel after we left the pool on our last day. Brian raved (no pun intended) about the frozen fruit, which he had heard would be greatly enhanced based on his activities at EDC the night before. I can't vouch for that aspect, but I thought it was a wonderfully refreshing snack for what turned out to be a sweltering summer day. Bare was a great way to end a memorable trip reuniting with some old friends in Vegas, and it will definitely be one of the few places worthy of returning to from this visit.
4	What good be better than Bottle Service, Sun and Topless Girls in a pool in Vegas??The only thing I can think of is Bottle Service, Sun and Topless girls in a pool "with a much more powerful filter" in Vegas!!The frozen fruit was great the pitcher after pitcher of "Refreshers" that we ordered were very very refreshing (for $60) the bed was comfy and poolside.The only reason its 4 starts instead of 5 is because by about 1pm the pool was so packed and the water sooo cloudy sitting in the pool began to seem like a serious health hazard!
5	If these walls could talk, oh the stories they'd tell.I'll keep the personal anecdotes to a minimum (what happens in Vegas, after all) and focus on the facts. Bare is not Wet Republic. It is not Rehab. And it also isn't a strip club, despite the name and the loose rules concerning bikini tops. What it is is a modest-sized pool set into the jungle of the Mirage, surrounded by lounges and cabanas, beautiful people, and probably the most fun I've had at a pool in Vegas. Bare strikes the perfect balance between intimate and social, casual and upscale, and a relaxing-yet-still-a-party atmosphere. And at a $600 minimum for cabanas (which also waves your entry fee) along with absolutely spot-on service, I'd go so far as to call this place a bargain...for Vegas anyway.Clubs at night can be grossly overrated. Sun, awesome food & drinks, and an awesome crowd--This is my kind of party.
4	We are from Atlanta & experienced Bare for the 1st time this past weekend with our best friends.  We met a great couple from SD (Dn & Szy) & another from Seattle.  What an experience!!!  The people, the atmosphere, the drinks, & the view were Outstanding!!!  I can't wait to go back ~
3	I'm a bit mixed about this place, and wished we had the opportunity to try it on a week day instead of the weekend.The triple digit heat brought a swarm to Bare, so we were out of luck on getting a lawn chair.The prices below are what you need to buy in food and/or bottle service;$100 Lawn Chair$650 Cabana$1500 Ultra CabanaI think if I was here when it was a bit cooler, and people were not packed in the pool like sardines, it would be a fun place to kick it.And maybe then I would take off my top. (I think 2 people went topless over that weekend)
1	It's actually hard picking a point to begin describing how terrible this place is. I suppose I'll start with the first offense, the "dick tax". It's your standard girls get in free, men pay. Mine was $20 though I've seen as high as $40 on these reviews. The owners must know what a joke the pool is because they don't let you see it from the ticket gate. If they did, absolutely no one would go here, ever. The bathtub in my apartment is bigger than this overpriced puddle. If that's not bad enough, there is nowhere to store your personal items. No lockers, no nothing. Which brings me to the seating arrangements. As you'll see in other reviews, you have to pay laughable prices to sit...anywhere. I almost asked the employee I spoke with if he was pulling my leg when he said the cabana bed thing was $1500. I know, terrible. During all of this, my ears were under assault from the drone of the most cookie cutter "let's get the party started!!" club mixes force fed by some DJ who, from a distance, appeared to be Vin Diesel. The most ironic part is that in a place that takes itself so seriously as a cutting edge, sexy, topless pool, they play radio edited songs. We have nudity but godammit, no swearing!
3	Topless optional pool party in Vegas. I'm sure this attracts a lot of guys! However, when we went there, not a lot of girls were topless. Most of the ladies I was with didn't go topless either. No one judges you either way so it doesn't matter. We ended up only staying for about two hours and it was in the beginning of the day so people were still arriving as we were leaving. It was pretty fun but really small. There's one rectangular pool when you first walk in and then a smaller pool if you go up a few steps. We got a cabana in that area so we hung around the smaller pool. That made the experience better. We didn't have a bad time. It was cool but it just wasn't as nice as other pool parties in Vegas.
4	i'm going to bump my review from a 3 to a 4 just for the people watching alone. the drinks are good and strong and the food is yummy! but the service - both at the bar and from the waitresses - is sloooow. two waitresses for the ENTIRE pool = you better be patient... but it was nice to be at an adult pool away from all the families using the main pool. the music was good, and we had a great time. just beware - there is some X rated stuff going on going on between some of the people in here, so don't come if that makes you uncomfortable. the incidents were isolated to a few guests who just didn't know how to handle themselves in a topless pool, but everyone else was on good behavior and just enjoyed the atmosphere.
1	I was really excited to experience the pool parties in Las Vegas.  I had seen pictures and it looked like a really good time.  I happen to stumble upon Bare Pool Lounge while walking through El Mirage.  Almost everyone standing in line with me and my husband was on some sort of elite guest list that got you in free and got you free drinks, except for us.  My husband had to pay $20, while I was free because I am a girl. When I first entered the lounge area, I was disappointed in the size of the pool, it was very small. We found two open lounge chairs and sat down.  A few minutes later, a waitress came over and told us we had to pay at least $50 for drinks to sit there, so we moved to the ground.  Eventually we ventured into the tiny pool.  It was disgusting. There was hair and unidentifiable particles floating around.  There was a second pool that was above ground and you can see through.  It looked cool, but of course you had to pay extra to use it.  The whole lounge just seemed like a place to assert your status.  In summary, we paid $20 to sit on the ground and swim in a disgusting tiny pool.
1	They staff working the door are rude as hell.  After going in left within 5 mins.  Not a great party pool a lot more laid back.  Everyone in there was snobby and the pool was very small.  Def NOT the pool party you want to waste your time on.
5	We were very excited to try this experience and it did not disappoint.  We had a daybed and we negotiated the minimum down from $550 to $300 by working with their promoter (thanks, Brett) a couple weeks in advance.  We actually had troubles spending the full $300, but we did.  With auto-grat and additional $40 we left for the server and busser, we spent about $450 total.  100% worth it.  Great party atmosphere.  Very erotic experience to have the wife topless in the pool and on the daybed.  The food and drinks were beyond any expectations.  I can't recommend the Lobster Tacos enough (but all food we got was incredible).  We had to leave the pool for a nooner because it was such a turn-on for both of us.  Guys, if you want your wife really keyed up and yourself, too, do this pool.  And take pictures.  ;-)Lobster tacos:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bare-pool-lounge-las-vegas?select=C2KoGYJaEN7OyxKtODNyyQ#emBnvF3QcgvAZGR038t33Q
4	Hands down one of my favorite pool spots on the strip!OK sure, it's a topless pool and I'm not really one for going topless...but I could also really care less if others choose to do so. It's not a huge pool area and yes, unless you're a girl that can get a free pass you'll have to pay to get in even if you're staying at the hotel...standard. Like any Vegas establishment drinks and food are pricey and so are the chairs/cabanas...however, I did make note that they were cheaper than some of the other pool places. Got there on a Thursday and chairs were free. Score! Once the weekend swings around...$100. Not terrible. A lounge or cabana will set you back over $1000. The staff here is excellent. Very professional, accommodating, and friendly. They really take care of everyone no matter how much you are spending. I definitely recommend this pool and will certainly be back! Viva Las Vegas!NOTES: Two pools. Both small in size. If you're a girl you basically are in for free. If you're a girl/girls without dudes with you...head of the line and free drinks. That's Vegas for ya! I wasn't complaining :) Be sure to get there when they open as it fills up quickly especially on weekends.I enjoyed it because it was a little bit more of a relaxed, chill atmosphere than some of the other pools.
3	"Bare" Pool Lounge....we should have known this was a topless day club just from the name, lol.Me and my girls were looking for a place to chill on a couple drinks and snacks before our flight and these two employees at a nearby froyo shop suggested Bare Pool Lounge-- they also gave us each a couple complimentary drink tickets-- so why not? Located at the Mirage, we walked down a relatively long, narrow, garden pathway to the entrance of the pool.  We still had no idea that this may be an "adult " pool lounge bahaha..  This pool lounge is smaller than Marquee/EBC/Wet Republic, but it was pretty decent.  There is one bar, one main pool in the center, and small tubs located in the back near the DJ.There was no line (this was on a Monday) and we were able to order our drinks without waiting either.  The bar area isn't too big and there isn't much seating unless you have a reserved table/cabana.  We were lucky enough to grab one of the two side bar tables to chill and snack.  (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bare-pool-lounge-las-vegas?select=C2KoGYJaEN7OyxKtODNyyQ#CWI2KPO-IoYDrpaElyw_UA)  (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bare-pool-lounge-las-vegas?select=C2KoGYJaEN7OyxKtODNyyQ#GDStYO-ZKr0irVLESxqbkQ)  We had a nice time here before our flight-- I also liked how they played hip-hop.. a nice change from the unce unce unce all weekend :]
5	I had a similar experience to some of the other posts on here.  We were put in touch with Brett by the Mirage VIP service.  We confirmed $1500 food and beverage min for a cabana weeks before our arrival.  When we got there we were told that a cabana was now going to cost us $3000 food and beverage min.  Needless to say I was really annoyed...however, we stuck with the $1500 and were placed in the "VIP" section of the pool with a table looking over the whole party.  For those who have never gone for bottle service at the Vegas clubs, it is usually the same story.  Supply and demand and all that.Despite the initial issue with the price, this turned out to be one of the craziest, most memorable days I have ever had in Vegas.We managed to meet a nice group of girls from Ohio in for a bachelorette party, which complimented our bachelor party well.  Things started off pretty calm, but by mid-day and several tequila shots later, these mild mannered beauties had tops off and were making out with each other.  Things just got more wild from there.  Surreal experience.I've been to Wet Republic and Toa Beach and I put Bare above those spots.  Nowhere near as crowded and definitely more room to maneuver.  More of a refined debauchery vibe.  Smaller, but more intimate and much better layout than other places.  I didn't feel like I had to fight my way through the crowd.  I was especially entertained by the guy who kept ordering magnums of Dom and spraying them over the crowd.Staff were on top of everything.  We had a really sexy girl serving us all day long (can't remember her name for the life of me) and the bar backs were constantly buzzing around cleaning up.The only reason I would hesitate to go back to this place is because I'm not sure my first experience could ever be topped or equaled.
1	More guys here than girls....lol.just waiting for a girl to take her top off
4	How can you not like this place.  Small pool but very very hip and very exclusive.  There a DJ spinning tunes, a main pool, VIP pool and shaded bar.  You can get a daybed or cabana or just pay cover ($30 for guys, not sure about ladies). If  you get a daybed, try to get one with an umbrella. 120 degrees without an umbrella aint cute.
3	It seems strange giving a "topless" optional pool only three stars, but it wasn't as good as I had hoped.  First off, the only topless people at the pool were dudes.  Music was okay, free drink tickets to the ladies was a hit - geez, I got pretty toasted when my wife kept delivering drinks to me poolside.  My favorite part of the pool scene was checking out the cocktail waitresses roaming around in their "ass cheek-baring" swim attire - WOW!  That scenery was absolutely amazing...some of the most perfect butts I've ever seen - anywhere!  I guess the most redeeming quality of Bare Pool Lounge was its absence of beached whales found at the Mirage pool - wow, there were tons of very fat people over there!  Overall, we had fun...3 STARS.
5	I'm the Duke
1	Worst experience ever in Vegas! This used to be our favorite adult pool in Vegas. Today security/staff accused my friend of using drugs while in the bathroom. He was really just using the bathroom, he said they made him extremely uncomfortable. I was supposed to go to this pool again today too but security denied me because I had my prescription medication with me. ( they said Id need to go leave it back in my room)I decided going back and forth from the pool to take my med was too inconvenient so skipped it entirely. It was extremely disappointing, but after I heard about what went down with my friend I was relieved I didn't go. This policy is completely absurd and inconsistent considering I'd been here all weekend without issue. Even went to Encore day club where they nearly gave you a strip search and they didn't even question why I had blood pressure pills.
2	Wanted this to be a great experience but it was pretty gross. Bad organization and rude staff with the exception of the bartender. I usually stay at the Bellagio so I shouldn't have set any expectations for the Mirage.
4	BOOBS!!!  The group I was with really enjoyed our time here.  The staff were nice and we even got a couple of lounges for free so that was a bonus.  This pool was a lot more enjoyable than the regular pool.  It wasn't near as crowded and did I mention BOOBS?!?!  The drinks are over priced, but its Vegas so that's to be expected.  I would go hang out here again even if I wasn't staying at the Mirage.
5	fun is the best way to describe this place.... and only slight pressure to go topless and usually from all the people you bring not the one you see when you get here.   I'd go again, if only for the voyeur in me...
1	I'd like to review this pool, but we never went in.  What I can review is my experience on the outside.  While my husband and I were scouting out the pools we wanted to hit while in Vegas for a week, we went to check out Bare since we were hanging out at the Mirage that day.  Here's how I can describe my experience. Remember in Pretty Woman when Julia Roberts tries to go shopping and the sales lady tells her that they have nothing for her?  Yeah, that's how they made us feel.  Oh they didn't SAY that, but when we asked about the pool at the entry area, we were told things like "It's very expensive" and "You have to be in beach attire"  (well, duh) all while being looked up and down.  Yeah, we're not hot skinny young meat.  Thanks for making sure we knew that.  We hit a LOT of pools and I've NEVER been made to feel that unwelcome.  Hey Bare, we may be older, but we buy a lot of drinks.  Hard Rock got that money and they don't charge to get in during the week.
5	I came here for my 23rd birthday (yes, this review is a few years late) ! Haha. Best fricking time I have had in my life. Bare on top, in the pool, lava flows, girls everywhere? I wish every day was like this.
5	Spent the day at Bare this past monday.  It's one of my favorite pools to people watch.  You can grab a daybed for a reasonable price.  The food and drinks are great!   Oh yes, did I mention that tops are optional?  Forget about those tan lines ladies!
5	Ok first let me start by saying that this pool is 1 of my favorite pools in town. Bare is a topless optional pool. The staff are always extremely friendly, the music is always solid, and the atmosphere is always electric. The cabanas are extremely nice and a must for this hidden gem. The food is exceptional. You have to try the frozen fruit bowl as well as the frozen margaritas.  There are 2 pools and both are both always packed. This day club is a must see when you're in town. Great food, great drinks, and great atmosphere.
2	Ehhh...definitely doesn't compare to encore beach or wet republic. It was adequate. Definitely was expecting better especially for the fact that we had to have girls with us just to get in. The place is pretty small. Lots of old people which definitely was a buzz kill. Nothing really stood out. The DJ was playing random mashups. No one dancing or really having fun. I probably won't  be back.
5	Most everyone comes to Las Vegas for the prototypical gigantic pool party. Bare is the anti typical vegas pool experience. A European vibe smaller venue with beautiful topless patrons! Still amazing music to party to but a welcoming atmosphere and personal service. At bare you actually feel like you are on vacation!
5	Great place to have a bite to eat and drink and always nice scenery ;) gotta love a pool like this... Great times for sure
5	I absolutely love coming to Bare for industry Mondays!Open bar all day on Monday for locals which I think is amazing. I personally don't drink alcohol but my local friends take advantage of Monday Funday!I come here for juice, water, food and fun. Try to get a chair or daybed... it's not that big and you don't want to be standing around.Went to the opening on industry Monday yesterday for pool season 2014. It was packed... with one fight. seems kinda typical of Vegas.Come to bare if you love topless pools, free booze and good music.I highly recommend the lobster tacos and fries!xo! I'm a fan! Go bare.Miss Yelp 2014
5	This is one of my top3 favorite pool parties in Vegas. Much different from the mega pool parties out here! If your looking for a day party that isn't wall to wall slammed and actual pool water that you can get into without being immersed in other people's body fluids this is the place to be. Great staff and service and the food is good.
5	This place is a slice of paradise. I love how the staff makes me feel like a princess! The service is flawless. I love the pool the water is fantastic. My favorite drink is the refresher! Will be back alot this summer.
5	We had a cabana. Best service ever. So many people taking care of you. It's a great place good age mix of people. Had a blast
5	We go to Bare every time we are in Vegas. Get a couple of lounge chairs, hang out by the pool and enjoy the Vegas sun! We always get a pitcher or 2 of some awesome drink and talk to the other awesome people there.Bare is not a"club pool", but the music is good and it's great for mingling and talking to new people. And I always feel comfortable going "European" there, not a excess of skeevy guys.  The service is top notch as well!
4	This is a very nice pool area, sprawling without feeling too overcrowded.There are towels available to hotel residents, and they check for room keys at the entrance.There are various cool looking Cabanas around, none of which i saw occupied, so I suppose I was there at the wrong time of the year.It can be difficult to find a server to bring drinks from the bar, so often one would have to walk to the Bare bar, which is not conveniently located to the pool area. You have to follow some sort off path that bends around the main water feature.The drinks there are delicious though, with a generous number of shots in their large drinks. They have a berry mojito which is pretty amazing, plus they can make it sugar free with splenda, so you can stay comfortable walking around in your swim gear, and not develop muffin top hehe.Do note that the drinks are very very expensive, with the large ones clocking in at approximately $25 tip not included.Remember to wear sun screen!!
1	Bare gets 1 star and that was for the cocktail servers. VIP was a joke and they quote you one price and try to charge you another when you arrive. Over priced small pool with no Vegas vibe at all. More fun is to be at the Riviera Pool.
5	If you just want to relax at a topless pool with no kids running around, and you don't mind spending some money, this is the place to go.  It is expensive, but you get what you pay for.  We stayed at the Mirage for a week, and we went to BARE both on Wednesday and on Friday.  There is very little available shade at the pool - if you want shade, you need to rent a daybed or a cabana.  We sprung for a daybed on Wednesday ($350) and one on Friday ($650).  However, those prices include all you can eat and all you can drink for the entire day.  Plus - you get shade!The staff was very nice, except for one doorman who appeared to be mad with the world.  The waitresses and attendees at the pool were great.  There were some females who chose to keep their tops on all day, but most were topless.  Not that it matters to us, just FYI for others reading this review.  The pool had a mixed crowd, some older people but mostly people in their 20s and 30s.  Friday was MUCH more crowded than Wednesday, I guess that was why it cost more.  We talked with some people there and found many were from Vegas, either performers or workers at other clubs who went there because they got special deals.  That's cool, so it was somewhat of a locals hangout.      When we were leaving, the waitress allowed us to order more food and drinks "to go" at no additional charge.  That was a nice bonus.Recommend!
1	Such a waste, glad I got in free..... I was staying at the Mirage and the workers were promoting the pool...it's so TIGHT and there are not enough chairs to go around. Only one girl was topless and it was not a pretty sight. It was terrible! Went on Saturday and my friends and I walked in, walked around the pool and walked right back out. I get that it's not a pool party or a club pool but it's too small for it's own good. No one should EVER pay to get in, only go if you can get in free, not worth it! It was a joke......The DJ was good though.
3	It's a party on Mondays and weekends, and more chill Tuesday through Thursday. Free for locals on Mondays so that's really the only day I go.  Pool is smaller than most, but that's not necessarily a bad thing, and of course you'll pay top dollar for drinks.  Tip-be nice to the staff and they'll be nice to you.
2	We always come to bare atleast once or twice every summer. This is our second time getting a cabana and as much fun as I had I was really disappointed. They wouldn't let us take pictures because it's a top less pool party which is dumb because females choose to take there tops off, it shouldn't be that strict to take a picture. Even when we were in cabana they wouldn't let us take pictures of our group. They were really strict from any other time I've been. The perks:-When you get a cabana the money spent on a cabana goes towards alcohol -the cabanas are very resonable just be prepared to pay for gratuity and service fee which was about $200+-not overcrowded- good music but good place to chill
4	Small but good time. Younger crowd than moorea. Would be nice if pool was bigger.  Love the people that come here and friendly staff.  If you need a good host at any venue let me know.
5	The best pool party in lad vegas, amazing lay out and its a european style pool if you are in vegas you must check it out
4	Bare pool at the mirage. $20-40 to get in for guys. Girls free. Drinks are about $15Day beds and lounge chairs required $100+ tab when we went.  If u dont want to spend the money your only option is sitting on the edge of the pool. Pool area is fairly small, and laid back. Crowds can change depending on what day u go. My wife and i went on a sunday and it was about 50/50 guys to girls. Ages 21-50 or so. We went late on a friday and there were about 5 girls to the 40 guys. We didnt stay long. The pool is topless, so expect about 1/3 of the women to ditch the tops.
5	Bare Pool is my favorite pool in Vegas. I have been here about five times. We always get a couple chairs. They are usually $50 - $100 unless it is a holiday weekend. But it is a bar/food minimum and we always spend at least that. They treat you like a VIP and the atmosphere is very chill. Great pool for couples. They are pretty strict there about pictures and touching. But I like that because it means there are certain kind of people there. I don't like the crazy party scene; I like to have fun, meet people and relax.
4	My husband and I went here for the first time. It was a good and classy crowd. There wasn't many topless ladies which was a pleasant surprise for me. Great dj and really good drinks. Girls are free to get in but guys are 30$.
3	A bit overrated. .. The music was pedestrian.  dj was like bi polar or manic depressed. One second some ghetto hip hop and then the next second edm.. stick to EDM!  Chicks topless is optional so maybe 5-10% take off their tops to show their racks.  So if u are a pervert looking to oogle at some topless chicks then u r better off going to the nudie bar or just getting a call girl. The only way I would go back is if Kaskade or some big name dj starts to spin here..
4	This place is really fun. Drinks and food are expensive, but I dont see how that is a shock to anyone. It is a Vegas pool, I have yet to find a cheap one in the 10 years I have been going.Me and my buddies got a VIP Daybed on Friday and Saturday which was pretty sweet. The VIP daybeds are on an elevated platform which only the VIPs are allowed to hang out. You wont regret spending the extra money once you see how packed it gets on the busy days. So, if you go with a group of 6+ I would recommend just getting the VIP daybed. It is a minimum spend, so sit down and enjoy the fun. If you are looking for a huge party pool, this is not it. However, the DJs got it going both afternoons that we were out there and it got pretty rowdy.The pool is pretty small, so it can get pretty packed, but that is why you get the VIP Daybed cause you get your own pool! Me and my buddies are going back in August 2015 and we will for sure be back at this place.
