5	This is the best Thai Restaurant in town, must try Choo Chee Salmon (Grilled Salmon top with curry) yum..yum..Clean restaurant and bath room, new management and good food. You can bet on it, this place will be jammed pack soon. I'll be back for Papaya Pok Pok (Papaya Salad) and beef Jerkey.
4	The decor is older and minimal and the place is small but they make up for that in taste and great price. I love the lunch special chicken pad thai. It is delicious and fresh. It comes with soup of the day, fried or steamed rice (I like the fried), an eggroll and little salad.
5	I highly enjoyed this place. The food was great. The service was amazing. I loved it! I had the pineapple rice, and the crab wontons were AMAZING. afer everything, they gave us fresh and neatly cut watermelon! YUM!!! Yeah, GREAT food!
3	Thai Room is a solid thai restaurant, but nothing too impressive.  I go to Thai Room quite a bit because I live in the same parking lot basically.  There are two thai restaurants in the plaza: Thai Room and Mr. Chop Chop.  I would suggest Thai Room out of the two.  The soups at Thai Room are very good, as well as all of the curries too.  I especially like the Panang curry.  Also try the Larb, it's very good.  The lunch special here serves lots of food, but is also very cheap.  I would suggest Thai Room if you live in the area.
1	I feel very conflicted writing this review. It's only my first time trying their food and I wanted very much to like them. Truth be told, I had attempted to place an order with Sakun Thai, but they told me I was too far from them to be within delivery range. I got off the phone with them, only to have them call me back and recommend that I try these guys since they were closer. It's quite an honor for one restaurant to recommend their competition, so I was willing to give them a try. Here's why I knock them stars; The food, while delivered quickly, was held in styrofoam containers with brittle plastic lids; lids which ended up breaking and contaminating our food. :{ It was well spiced and while the meat wasn't exceptionally tender, it wasn't leathery, either. We ordered four things, two of which had this problem [red chicken curry & tom kah gai soup].* Red Chicken Curry: Lots of bamboo shoots, chunks of chicken, bell pepper and the occasional bit of tomato. It was spicy but had the worst plastic contamination- we were only able to eat a small amount with very careful digging. When I called, they apologized and offered to make a new batch for us or give us a credit towards a future meal. I may take them up on it, but it will most likely be eaten inside the restaurant. * Tom Kah Gai soup: Chicken was noticeably tougher than in the curry. The soup had an interesting combination of flavors, but also had large inedible chunks of what I'm guessing were galangal- oh, and plastic. A decent portion of juicy mushrooms that looked yummy. Choking hazard a bummer, though.+ BBQ Thai Chicken: Really tender, juicy sliced chicken with the skin on. It seemed to be dark meat. The marinade had a good combination of aromatics that was accented by fresh cilantro. It came with a sweet chili dipping sauce on a bed of lettuce. One of the safe dishes and tasty. + BBQ Pork Skewers: came 4 to an order, simple grilled pork that's coated in seasoning. It was tasty, but I doubt I'd order it again. Our overall total was $41-42. We've supposedly gotten credit towards a free dish, but we'll see how that pans out. The food arrived quickly and the cute delivery guy was very polite. It sounded like it might have been the same guy when I called about the broken lid and he seemed very upset and willing to make a new batch and bring it over right away, despite it being close to or after closing. Like I said; I really wanted to like this place. The service on the phone was handled well, the delivery was quick, the food tasted fine- but an error in the method of containment ruined the meal for us. I'd like to give them a second chance, but it will be inside the restaurant.
4	My boyfriend was hungry and home alone, so we decided to take them up on the comped curry offer [due to getting an order with a broken lid]. Once they pulled up my information, they were extremely polite and assured me that they would be much more careful, promising to take care of us and our food. The man on the phone told me they had just switched to another type of take-out container, which proved to be a more flexible, tupper-ware-style plastic. He remembered our spice level preference [spicy!]. While I was on the phone it was pretty obvious they were really busy inside the restaurant, and our order took about 50 minutes from the time I originally called them from my work until the order arrived at our house. Not the most expedient, but the restaurant is small and I get the feeling the delivery driver may also be taking orders on the phone. We got our red chicken curry, as well as an order of mongolian beef and 2 thai iced teas. The curry had a strong coconut flavor, with bamboo shoots, bits of chicken and lots of sauce. Some spice, but it didn't make me sweat bullets. It was really sweet from the coconut, so that overpowered the spice-factor quite a bit. It also seemed like a high sauce to filler ratio, but that may be more preferential.  I liked the mongolian beef- it was better than some of the other variations we've tried around town. It had a good soy based sauce with smokey dried chiles and tender chunks of what seemed like flank steak and crispy noodles. It was good mixed with rice and the heat factor was a couple of notches higher than the curry. I had a big bowl of the beef mixed with rice and finished by spooning up soggy rice and curry sauce. Unfortunately, by the time I got to try my thai iced tea the ice in it had melted and left it with an odd texture. It seemed really thick, heavy with sweetened condensed milk and had a grainy texture. The spice notes were more subtle and crept up on me the more I sipped, but I don't know if I'd order it again. I may try their thai iced coffee, though, especially since they're close and I love coffee. Mainly I'm really happy that they handled my complaint so well. I felt respected as a customer, especially after having some frustrating customer service experiences lately. They personally responded to my concern and solved the problem. The food itself is on the middle end of the scale- it's better than some of the other places in town but it won't run Lotus out of business any time soon. I'm giving them an extra star for their excellent customer service!!
4	It's a very tiny restaurant, but the service is amazing and the green curry I ordered was pretty good, bit sweet but its flavorful.  Its not traditional thai food though, more americanized taste.  But for 5.95 drink included, its nice
4	This is a no frills Thai restaurant.  Here you will get the basics, but from what I have had, they were good basics.  We ordered the Thai iced tea ($2.50), the pad see ew with chicken ($8.99), and the green curry with beef ($8.99).  You'll probably notice that the prices are a little higher than your average hole in the wall Thai place, but the extra dollar or two is worth it to me.The Thai iced tea was sweet and creamy, and had a little hint of original flavor in it.  Some sort of herbal tea might have been mixed in.  I liked it a lot.  The green curry with beef was very nice, and the basis of my 4 stars.  It was basic, consisting only of bamboo slices, small chunks of beef, chopped eggplant, and green beans.  For a basic recipe with no fanciness though, the curry tasted good.  It was subtle, but at the same time flavorful.  Order this one with some heat to offset the light sweetness.  The curry was liquidy, which is always a good sign for curry.  I kind of wish there was more flair with this dish, but for a basic recipe it was tasty!The pad see ew was also quite good.  It was a bit saucier than the drier style of this classic Thai dish.  The chicken was cooked with a smoky tasting herb, which was nice.  The Chinese broccoli was slightly skimpy, but fresh and yummy.  Overall, I think this is a nice little Thai restaurant.  There is some stiff competition next door though.  I am not so sure that this place is better than Mr. CC...
5	Awesome place! Love their food! Sam's the best!
5	The food is always fresh and tasty!
5	Best Thai food I've ever had, on top of friendly service and a quiet atmosphere. Prices are excellent for the quantity and quality.
5	I love this restaurant. The decor is bare bones, but the staff is warm and polite.Their red curry with chicken is one of my favorite dishes off of their menu. If you come during lunch they have a great $5.95 special that includes soup, salad, entree, egg roll and a drink.I can't say with certainty that this is the best Thai in Las Vegas, but it's very good. For the price, I think it makes one of the best values in town.
5	We stopped by here on our way back to our hotel from visiting the Hoover Dam.  We stopped to get gas at Rebel and did a quick Yelp search for Thai food.  This place came up and we're glad we stopped by.This is some of the best Thai Tea and Pad Thai I've ever had at a Thai restaurant.  It was delicious.  My boyfriend ordered the spicy basil with chicken which wasn't bad.  The atmosphere is intimate and quiet despite lots of people, but also it's a very casual place.  The host/server was very sweet and the food was delivered promptly. The pot stickers were good too.  It's not a fancy place and they don't have glorious decor but it was simple with good food and the bathroom was in tip top shape.  If I lived around here I would be a frequent customer. It's also well priced, especially compared to the high prices we pay on the strip.
5	Best authentic thai food in Vegas. Among our favorites: special hot and sour chicken soup with young tamarind leaves, eggplant basil, stir fry chinese broccoli, fresh po pia. Trust us, we are thai.
2	We went there just because the restaurant is rated 4 star, however, the chicken was overcooked both in the Tom Yum Soup and curry dish. The 10-dollar-overprice-lack-of-ingredient-Tom Yum Chicken Soup was extremely sour, the lime flavor was too overwhelming, curry dish was too watery. food was "ehh.."  but the service was good!
4	I ordered eggplant and tofu, pad Thai, and tomyum. Overal the food was good. Not the best tomyum but the others was good. I got it delivered and their service was great. I would definantly order from them again.
3	My favorite thing here is the Tom Yum chicken soup its very good. I have tried other things on the menu but was not impressed Thai beef salad to much fat in meat, sweet sour chicken was over cooked. So every time I go Tom Yum soup is the way to go best in town and their Thai Tea is awesome!
3	My wife and I stopped there a couple of weeks ago to get some take-out, and it was excellent.Yesterday, we went to have a sit-down meal there. The calamari, like on take-out night, was excellent. Tender, not too breaded, the sauce was excellent; love their calamari. I ordered the panang curry; the level of spiciness is just right, but the coconut milk was scalded, so it had a bitter tone to it. She ordered the pad wusan, and it was middle-of-the-road. I dunno. Not sold on the place for the entrees. Maybe it was a bad day. I'm going to give them another shot, and we'll go from there.
5	Don't let the outside fool you. I am Thai and I was very satisfied with the authenticity of their food. I got the Pad Thai lunch special and my husband got the yellow curry with chicken lunch special which was a great price at $5.95 plus free soda.  We will be visiting here the next time we are in town and have a craving for Thai food again. :)
5	Tidy place with nice decor. I ordered guey jub (roll rice noodle soup with porks) and it was so tasty. It is hard to find this dish being away from thailand but they do cooked it to perfection here. The owners and waitress are very nice too:)
4	superb customer service...I would recommend thai tea w boba, panang curry, beef & meatball noodles soup
5	We arrived in town today. Beat tired. Had crap to eat at Caesar's Palace for lunch. Decided to try to find a decent Thai restaurant. We're going to be here for 6 months or so. Today we started and ended our quest for great Thai. Absolutely blown away by the quality, freshness superb flavors...I need to be careful I will run out of superlatives. I must admit to a certain bias, as I write this, I am devouring the mango sticky rice we took home. Not to be missed. The portions in the restaurant were more than enough. Prices were very reasonable.I come to this review having eaten in Thai (or at least that's what it said on the menu) restaurants across America. We've eaten Thai in probably 24 states and 4 provinces (in Canada). We have a new winner. Unreservedly, this is the best most authentic Thai food we've ever had. This is not fusion, Thai/Chinese or anything adapted to the American palate. This is Thai food. If you like Thai food, you will love the Thai Room. If you're visiting it's not far off the strip. If you live in Vegas how did you get to be so damn lucky? I had to drive 2500 miles.Oh and did I mention how clean the place is? It is.When you go try the glass noodle salad. You've probably ordered it before, so have I. You will not be able to order it again and appreciate it, this version tops them all. With that comes the final warning. Your Thai restaurant back home will just not cut it after this. Try Italian.
2	We stopped in for lunch on 9/19/12.  The minute we walked in we noticed a slight smell.  Not sure what it was-I thought sort of fishy.  It was fairly busy with some large groups (mostly Asian families) which seemed to be a good sign.  We ordered off the lunch menu which was a good deal.  (I believe 6 or 7.95).  I had the Chicken Pad Thai.  It was fine.  It came with some tasty fried rice though.  My one friend ordered Pork Pad Thai -he said it was good.  His wife ordered Pork Pad See Yew.  She said it was "fine".  One thing we all noticed was that it took almost 25 minutes to get our food.  Our food was not THAT good though. Polite servers but we had to ask for refills and the bill.  Maybe they are better for dinner and to be fair we ordered off the lunch menu but with all the other options in Vegas I doubt I would return.
5	Great place ... great service.So far the best Thai place in Vegas.Great desserts (sticky rice w/mango) and coconut soup!
5	Awesome little place! Very friendly service when eating in or out! Great lunch specials and cheap beer!
3	The lunch specials are pretty average when compared to others around town. (I personally think the flavors and portions are bigger, with a smaller price tag, at nearby Thai Food To Go)  But I go there for their beautifully seasoned Eggplant with Fried Tofu.  They also have a great happy hour special which is available Mon-Fri from 4-6pm and all day on the weekends.  They offer almost any of their appetizers for $4 each.  This is a steal for their calamari (lightly breaded and perfectly tender) and perfectly crunchy and seasoned Thai dumplings.
5	The only Thai food I get is from Thai Room. I always get Red Curry with vegetables and my girlfriend Tom Kha (coconut soup). We always go for the spicier side #4, the range is 1-5. Okay here are the tasty foods we've gotten as well as my sister and her boyfriend. Crab rangoon, beef satay, spicy basil with pork, vegetable pad thai, spicy fried rice with beef or shrimp, and though the Thai iced tea is a bit on the sweet side it is still nice. I really recommend this place, especially for delivery and I also noticed that the food is better in the evening after 7pm probably a different cook.
5	So, so, so yummy!  I'm a Siri Thai fan but this place is soooo much closer to my house and their yellow curry is FANTASTIC!  My husband and I go and split one of their dinner meals and it's perfect!  ;)
5	Coconut Soup Best in Nevada.. Just moved back from Arizona and can't wait to get my soup fix, I have missed it.  No other Thai Restaurant can match it even in Arizona.  I have tried always disappointed.
4	Great lunch prices, cheap beer 1.50 all beers from 4-7m-f and all day on the weekends. Delicious food, every time!
4	Very solid lunch specials!  $5.95 for 10 different meals that you can add any meat or tofu to, and it comes with a drink!  I especially like their spicy eggplant and tofu, stuff rock!
4	Customer service is amazing! Food is great too.. I order Shrimp soup and teriyaki chicken. The chicken was delicious! The soup was very good but too sour or salty i couldn't get what it was... Not a lot of shrooms or ginger thats the reason for 4 stars. Overall great! And i will definitely go back. Highly recommended. Prices good.
3	Thai Room came up on my Nearby list when we were in the area, so this was a quick, impulsive, midday decision of lunch, with just an average level of expectation. ...Perhaps slightly above average. This was Yelp-recommended, after all.The experience here was a bit underwhelming, and confused. We were given lunch special menus and then told that the lunch special wasn't available... ...And it was difficult to get answers from the serving staff. Things were workable, but a bit awkward.The Panang Curry, at 3/10 spice level, was absolutely delicious! -- except that I could barely eat it. I was consuming 3 parts water, 1 part curry, really; it was much too spicy, feeling more like an 8/10. And it's not a matter of perspective either; we ordered another entree at level 7/10, and which tasted like a 1/10 at most. The restaurant can definitely serve some good food, that's for sure, but something as fundamental as the spice levels shouldn't be an issue in a Thai restaurant like this. It's too bad, what I could taste of the Panang Curry was some of the most delicious curry I've ever had! I'm tempted to go back for the sake of trying that curry, at the right spice level this time, but it's not quite worth the distance and the gamble, given all the nearby, consistent Thai restaurants that are closer to my area. Thai Room is worth a try if you're nearby, and are willing to risk some consistency issues.
4	My husband loved it (he know how to cook his favorites, taught by a Thai friend) and now wants to stop by all the time. Priced right, is clean and the Mondays and Tuesdays waitress is super helpful and sweet.
3	Food was fair.
4	Special- $4 appetizer. Your choice of Eggs Rolls, Fried Wonton, Fried Tofu, fried shrimp, salt pepper shrimp and a few more. I ordered the salt pepper shrimp with a side of rice, it was delicious!
5	Really tremendous. A tiny little hole-in-the-wall place tucked in a generic strip mall, the little ladies inside cook excellent Thai food. To address a few issues of some previous reviewers: (1)The menu is a little confused, especially as to lunch specials and availability and the like, but it's okay, you can figure it out. (2) The service is friendly but perhaps a little distant, especially if you don't speak Thai, but again, it's okay, they are really nice. (3) Sh*t is really spicy, don't mess around, just ask for 2/10 and enjoy your food. 5/10 is inedible lava, and who knows what happens when you go up from there.The curries are great. They take a couple minutes because the food gets started from scratch when you order it. If I lived in the area I would get takeout here once a week.
5	Amazing little Thai restaurant! Everything I've tried here is delicious. It is consistently good and the people that work here are so friendly! I usually order tofu and vegetable pad thai and it is made perfectly with just the right spiciness. I love the food and feel like my business is appreciated. I highly recommend this place!!
4	The food is always great, I live in the area and honestly the lunch specials are no more expensive than a McDonald's "value meal". Why eat fast food. I choose Thai room every time .
4	I decided to try this place because I saw it on yelp as a place that was nearby me when I was craving some Thai food and the reviews were good so why not.We tried the Chicken Tom Kha level 3 and Chicken Spicy Basil level 3. I always try a low heat when it's my first time at a place. I also had their thai iced tea which was comparable to archi's (my favorite) perfect amount of sweetness yumm!! The wait was a little long but when I tried the Tom Kha, I no longer cared about the wait haha It was very creamy and flavorful and had lots of mushrooms, chicken, lemongrass, you know, all the good stuff. They didn't skimp. The Chicken Spicy Basil had not as much flavor as the Tom Kha but it was still pretty good and I liked that they added some fresh green beans to it.The waitresses were friendly, had to ask them to refill my water but that's fine, not a big deal.I'm always in this area so I've been on a hunt for a satisfying thai place nearby and compared to Dang Dee, and Thai Chili, this is the place that I will definitely come back to. I wanted to try the deserts because they had roti, mango with sticky rice, and fried bananas with coconut ice cream (all of which I love) but my boyfriend was craving sweet addiction's ice cream cookie so we went there after.I will definitely be back and hopefully their deserts are just as good as their food! :)
4	OK LETS FACE IT WHERE THE HELL IS THE LOVE FOR THAIROOM????? The service actually good which means the best service of all time for a thai restaurant. we all know they have the worst service ever. everything here is SOLID neighborhood thai and crushes most of the hacks around this city. One of the better papaya salads the BEST stuffed chicken wing, and great wonton soup. definitely go here if your in the area. This place needs way more recognition among some of the awful thai restaurants around vegas. Archi's being one of them.
3	The place is good n excelent flavor but the portions are to smal for the price, every item is over ten dollars n the portion smal,  the pad thai is very good smal portion, the pad see u is the best but egain smal portion,thats why i stop eating there n i descover another place n better price in pecos n Patrick Lane by Home Deppot try that one is excelent big portions n better price same good flavor
4	I like this place :) a friend of mine brought me here the first time.. It's her go to Thai spot because she lives right down the street. I had pad Thai and I really liked it. Good Thai iced tea too. I went back again and had shrimp and scallops. Food is good and service is friendly and fast.
5	Oh man I love the food here! EVERY TIME it is amazing! A $2 buck beer on weekends! Heck yes! The Tom Kai soup is so yummy! Very nice wait staff, looks clean, it is so small you have to go outside to change your mind, but who cares it is pretty quiet and intimate, a great affordable place to eat! Open till 9:30 most nights and they have take out as well..
4	Hole in the wall type place, but really good food. I've eaten at other Thai places in Las Vegas and this place is the only place I keep coming back to. The flavors are consistent and they don't skimp on their entrees.
4	Food was good. And came quickly.We ordered the spring rolls - they were good.The Tom Kah soup was delish a flavour I have never experienced.the presentation was fun. This dish is a must try.We also had the pad thai with tofu this was not ky favorite pad thai I feel that it tasted a bit too much of peanut butter.the panang curry and tofu was served with rice. it was good as well.all portion sizes we great and the price point was perfect.as for spice we opted for a 2 based kn others reviews but a 2 is bot spicy at all and next.time we will for suee increase the spice level.veggie friendly located in a quite strip mall l nothing fancy but good food.
4	Great food, great service.  Atmosphere is the only thing keeping it from a 5 star review.  My spouse and I get take out from Thai Room 3-4 times a month.  Some of our favorites are the beef larb, any of their curries and their pad thai.  If you are looking for some tasty Thai food, particularly take out, look no further.
5	Best Thai food in Las Vegas. I have been going here for years. Whenever I try other Thai restaurants, I always compare them to Thai Room. It's either "this is almost as good as Thai Room" or "Thai room is better." Haha. We drive out of our way just to eat here when we want our Thai food fix :o)
3	Here is ok but i stop eating there some times is the good cook who prepere your food,and some times is the other  cook thats the problem one dayis the best excelent and the next day dont teast the same and is not to testy also the portions are smal for $10.25 for 1padd see you, some times good some times terrible,
1	The food doesn't seem fresh anymore.  My crab rangoon had a long hair in it and the cream cheese tasted off, extremely sour and inedible.  The food is inconsistent and some of the staff is a bit rude.  I ordered 5 minutes before they end their appetizer special price and the woman on the phone argued with me that the special was over, the special was still available, but I guess she just didn't want to give me the discount.  They used to be giving, sweet, and the food was great.  So unfortunate, I will never order from here again especially since I don't trust that the food is safe to consume.
4	I love this place, this is another place I usually take ppl that come to visit.  HANDS DOWN THE BEST BEEF JERKY APPETIZER I HAVE EVER HAD!! Yes I had Lotus of Siam's, Nosh & Swig and a couple other places but they dont even come close to Thai Room's Beef Jerky.  The flavor is unbelievable and the dipping asian salsa stuff is off the hook.. A couple of my friends just keep getting the beef jerky over and over and havent tried other things from here which I completely understand because it is THAT GOOD!! I also really like the Combination Spicy Basil Lvl 4.  I usually get both the Beef Jerky and Combination Spicy Basil because if I don't it feels like I cheated myself lol
4	Went into Thai Room on a whim and will certainly return. My wife and I were both starving and looking for Chinese and we just happen to be passing Thai Room at the time and we stopped....it was not a mistake.The service was fantastic with all entree's brought out quickly and piping hot. The house soup and salad was good and the pad thai was some of the best we have ever had....including some in Thailand! I thought the Rad Nah was phenom and came at the recommendation of the owner. The portions were large and the lunch specials are very worth it.Certainly worth driving out from southern Utah for lunch every now and then!
4	Hey, this place is pretty good! Been here twice. Great shrimp pad si ew, fried tofu panang, and spicy basil chicken. The only reason why they didn't get 5 stars is their apps could use some work. However, I'll be back cuz it's close to the UC. I def want to try one of their salads next time, and I hear the beef jerky app is bomb! Ps. My bf would like me to mention $2 Sapporos and other beers all day weekends and 4-7pm weekdays. Cheers, y'all.
5	I love this place! I've been coming here for years and it is always wonderful. I usually get the shrimp Pad Thai because its done so well. Their green curry is right on, too. Service is great and quick but not pushy. Quiet little atmosphere but not intimidatingly quiet. It's defiantly a place I bring friends. It's charming :)
5	Can't say it is the greatest restaurant ever but it gets the job done. Food is great. I love their pad thai, lemon chicken and the best food in the menu which is the Thai BBQ chicken. Atmosphere is bland, but service is good. The waitresses look awkward but get the job done. Very attentive. I happen to be a regular because it's good food at a reasonable price.
5	i love there chicken fried rice +extra vegie.
3	Not a bad place to go! It's quick and convenient especially lunch time specials $6.95.  Reason I gave it 3 stars is although they do a pretty good job on service and food is decent price for what it is, it's the second time I got a fly in my soup....so I'm wondering how they are getting an A on the food inspection part?
4	I honestly love this place. It's so cute. Every time I post pictures of my food, I'm always where this place is at. It's somewhat hidden. Their food is absolutely scrumptious. The Tom Yum soup is the greatest soup I have ever tasted. The Pad Thai is always on point and their Chicken Satay as well! Servers give good customer service! However, if you like your smoothies made out of syrup then get a smoothie. I'm more of a fresh fruit smoothie type. Their smoothie is made out if syrups. Also, don't get their fried ice cream. It tastes like fried oil. Desserts are not the best, but hey the meal is the most important part!
5	Cheap food. Vegan and veg friendly. Fast and courteous service.
4	This is our go to place for Thai food. My husband has been eating here seemingly forever and introduced me to the place over five years ago. While it is not a high dollar, dress up, date night place, it can become a couples casual, relaxed, comfortable night out place. They do a ton of take out business and have great lunch and dinner specials.The decor has upgraded over the years but they are in a shopping center strip mall. There is a limit to what they can accomplish. The Spicy Basil Beef is wonderful. I recently had the Pad Thai and it was great also. They have appetizers specials all day on weekends and certain hours weekdays. Check the menu out and give them a try. You won't regret it. Service is attentive but not cloying.
4	Pad Thai was good, husband had yellow curry seafood and cannot stop talking about it. Our server was very sweet. This restaurant is a little hole in the wall with a super punch. Visit this place, next time you're on the east side of town, las Vegas baby.
5	Too bad I started a vegetarian streak so I didnt order my regular dishes ie. Beef salad and beef pad see ewe...Instead, I had the drunken noodle w/ tofu. It was very tasty and service was good. Will come back :)
5	One of my favorite restaurants in the valley by far! I absolutely love this place. My bf & I have been eating here consistently for years now. It's our go-to delivery option- the food usually arrives in under 30 minutes (granted, we live very close), hot, huge portions, great prices, phenomenal taste, and friendly service. We've also gone in a time or two for the lunch special- always a good deal. Our favorites are the pad Thai & pad si ew- I go with veggies & tofu, he gets the chicken or beef. All are amazing. The fried rice, potstickers, tom yum soup, everything we've tried- has always been delicious! Definitely a must try!
5	This place never looks busy but it should be all the time. This food is super fresh. I love love love their crab rangoon and their red curry. Its right next to my favorite grocer, sprouts and thought id pop in. This my new favorite spot!
4	I have only been to this place a couple of times. The food is always great! I had the spicy duck today, and I hate bamboo shoots. The dish was fantastic. We also had the orange chicken, wonton soup and the fried pot stickers. The kid loved gis green tea boba drink
