5	Ive been going here for years and over time have become friendly with the owners (A true family run place) who are the most amazing couple from Ethiopia who have worked so hard to make this their family business, a true example of the American Dream come true.  You can feel the good energy when you walk in and see another regular customer chatting with Moe (the owner) like they were old friends, i actually get happy when i know I have Dry Cleaning to pick up...They are the greatest!  Moe is such a good tailor and alterationist he is like a magician...there is nothing he can't do.  And on top of all these reasons why I love this place they are totally GREEN!  The only environmentally friendly Dry Cleaner in town!!! Great place.
2	Stupidly, I took several things into this place to be altered and was only happy with the results of one pair out of four.  None of them were ready when they said they would be and I only got excuses when I asked why they weren't ready on time.  If you decided you do want to go here, I suggest you call first to be sure your items are finished.Initially, when I wanted the owner to measure each leg of the pants I wanted altered, instead of making both legs exactly the same, he refused to do it and made a chalk mark from the floor up on the second leg.  When I finally got them back, the legs hung very uneven and I had to go back and have him redo them again.  He told me he was going to use the original hem of the jeans, because they were distressed looking, and he didn't do as he said he would.  He ended up just giving me a pants hem with the same color thread as the rest of the seams.  Then when I asked for a pair of knit pants to be shortened and asked that he make the new hem look the same as the original, he cut off the original hem and shoddily sewed it back on in a way that you could see every zigzagged stitch through the fabric.  I took these back too and asked to have them done the right way.  I got more excuses about how much time it would have taken him to do it the way I wanted it done, compared to only the few minutes it took him to do it the first time.  I guess if it's going to take more than a few minutes he takes poorly crafted short cuts and hopes you don't notice.   He should have told me he didn't want to make an original hem in the first place and I would have taken them someplace else.  My suggestion is to find another tailor if you want something made properly and you want to get it back on time.  I certainly won't be going back.BTW, while I was there waiting for my things to be ready, another customer came in to pick up a jacket that was being tailored and it wasn't ready on time either.The reason it got two stars instead of one is because they use green cleaning products.I think the second review of this place was written by the owners.
4	Shop owner Mo always has a friendly attitude when you come in the door. The price is higher than most dry cleaners, but I like the fact that they use cleaning agents that are less harmful to the environment. I also believe that I am really paying for quality. There was a stain on one of my pairs of pants. I sent it to a few dry cleaners, and only Green Cleaners was able to take it out. I was pretty impressed. Mo also checks the buttons of my coats and jackets before handing it back. The main reason why I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because I've noticed that it takes them a while to look for my clothes when I pick them up.
4	One of the best cleaners in town.  Very fast and friendly service and you definitely get what you pay for with them being informative about the chemicals used on the clothing.  I strongly recommend everyone in the area to use this cleaner.
1	I would not take anything here to get it altered.  I had taken my bridesmaid dress in to get altered and they gave me a date to pick it up as well as the price.  When I came in to pick it up, they couldn't find it and when they did it was not ready.  They then told me to come back before the close of business (which probably meant that they would rush it).  I ended up picking it up 1 week later and they could not find it again, and then they tell me that they should have charged me more than what they had originally told me.  On top of that the dress did not fit right and I ended up taking it to another alterations place to have it corrected.
5	I love this place. Moe (the owner) is very knowledgeable in the green dry cleaning methods that he uses. He is also excellent  at tailoring and alterations. He will take apart a garment and put it back together if needed so that it looks like it should instead of some cheap fixes you'll find with other places. I definitely recommend Green Cleaners.
5	I've been going to this place for a few years, and I'm sad to have to leave (moving out of state). Mo, the owner, is always friendly and welcomes you with a smile and some friendly small talk. The quality of their service is the best I've seen out of all the dry cleaners I've tried in Vegas. I no longer run into the issue of waiting longer than a minute when picking up my clothes (maybe they read my first review haha). When I told them I'm moving for good, they wished me good luck and even gave me a discount as a parting gift. I will really miss this place - it's hard to start over again and find your main dry cleaner place with friendly owners and high quality service.
5	Mo, the owner is awesome, Mention yelp and he will most likely give you a discount. Its rare to see a business owner working his own store and he is very generous and nice, always has done well with the clothes I've taken in.
5	I have been a customer of Mo's for about 15 years now and have followed him from his previous location. I go mostly for clothing alteration and although sometimes it takes a few days longer than predicted it is always worth the wait. I was so glad when he decided to go Green so any time I have something to be cleaned I bring it to Mo. Just thought I would mention that I live about 15 miles from the shop but still make the trip because it is worth it. Mo and his wife are wonderful people.
5	This the best dry cleaners for a couple of reasons. First, it is eco-friendly and your clothes don't smell like chemicals. Second, the prices are very reasonable. The parking can be hard in the afternoon, but that isn't their fault.
5	You don't get a friendlier or more professional place than Mo's cleaners.  I can trust him with anything, from the most complex alteration to the fastest rush job.  He knows all of his customers and treats them like family (well, even nicer, really).  I will never go anywhere else as long as we live here.
5	When I first moved here from NJ I needed to find a great dry cleaner, asked around and Green Cleaners/ Mhamids name kept coming up!  Let me tell you 4 years later I have not had one problem.  And I go at least once a week.  I have custom made shirts and suits and this is the only place I would trust with...
5	I have been going here for a few years now.  Tried it out because of 'green' alternative...(most dry cleaners use a lot of chemicals), but stayed because of the service.  Which is AMAZING!!  That is all have to say.  Very, very, very good customer service.  If they think it took too long, or didn't come out right or whatever...they reduce or waive the fee.  And I have never had a problem with their work quality, they maintain very high standards and to top it all off...They are REALLY NICE!!!
3	I went here because of the Yelp reviews AND because it's green. I dropped off a pair of pants that needed to be hemmed on a Wed night near closing. I was told they would be ready Monday morning. My ticket said they would be ready Saturday morning. I waited until Monday morning, called and they said they were not ready, but would get done. I needed them for a job interview Monday afternoon, so I bided my time running errands and called a second time to check. No answer, left a message, no return call. An hour later and on my way since I had run out time before my interview, I called again, no answer. When I arrived they were hanging on the rack hemmed and pressed, ready to go. Thankfully, since I was in a rush to get to the interview. I give Green Cleaners 3 stars because of the lack of clear communication when my pants would be ready and because of the level of stress I experienced waiting for them to be ready. I wouldn't mind returning for business because they ultimately came through, but I would certainly never rely on them to complete anything by a deadline.
5	This is the most amazing small merchant I know! His commitment to quality and customer service is more than I can tell you. This is one of he most amazing businessman I I have ever encountered. Dr. Robert S. McCord
5	Love my Habesha folks! Always very personable service - I come only to them for my dry cleaning needs and minor alterations! Win win for you and the environment!
5	I LOVE THIS CLEANERS!!!!!!! Clothes don't smell like chemicals and make my eyes turn red.  Owners are so fantastic.  Clothes RARELY need to be redone like at other cleaners I used to go to.  Other cleaners like Al Philips and Polo Cleaners RUINED a lot of my clothes and items like bedspreads.  You won't have that problem here!  I've been coming here for years now.  The service is terrific, the owners couldn't be any nicer (thank you Mo and Sally) and the clothes come out fresh!  You get what you pay for!
1	I have used the cleaners 2 times a week for the last month and I always have to wait, and wait, and wait. I dropped off a comforter that was supposed to be cleaned within 48 hours and 2 weeks later it was still not done.Many times when you are given a pickup time, the staff has to go and search for your clothes and bag them up while you wait. 10-15 minutes in the drycleaners is not my idea of service. I believe the people who give this place positive reviews for being friendly and knowing their names is that they spend LOTS of time with the staff. I don't care to know my cleaners that well. I want the cleaners to do a great job, have the clothes ready, and I want to be in and out. If you are lacking a social life then this is the cleaners for you.
5	This is a top notch business. I never have any problems with having my clothes cleaned here. The owners are very sweet and friendly and very customer-oriented.
1	I took my bridesmaids dress in a month before my sister's wedding to be altered because the store where I purchased the dress referred me. I thought the man seemed very nice, but I thought the 'dressing room' was a little tacky and unprofessional for such a highly recommended alterations center. I also thought it was strange that he only used 2 safety pins to mark the hem of my dress. I needed the dress to be taken in on top so rather than taking it in from the back, he put a safety pin on each side, I guess indicating where it should be taken in. My ticket said the garment would be done 5 days later, although he told me he was busy so it would be done the following Saturday. No big deal, the wedding is a month away. The next Saturday, I received a voice mail asking what he was supposed to do to the top of the dress because the tag fell off. WHAT?! I was going to pick up 3 dresses that had been dry cleaned so I thought I could just talk to him in person. I literally waited for 20 minutes while 2 workers searched tirelessly for my dry cleaning. There were 3 other people waiting for clothes or service as well. It was a very frantic situation. Once they found my dresses, I was able to get the alterations guy's attention. We talked about the bridesmaid dress and he said again that he'd been so busy, and that he was DONE WITH THE HEM but just needed to finish the top and it should be done in a couple of days. Fine. 3 weeks out.Fast forward to 7 days before the wedding and I still hadn't heard from them. I called and asked about my dress, was put on hold  for 7 minutes. Someone came back on the phone, said "the black long dress?" as soon as I started saying "Yes" the phone had been dropped again and I waited for another 5 minutes before he came back on the line and said that he was FINISHING THE HEM and that it would be done in a few days. I pointed out that he had had the dress since March and the last time I spoke to him he said the hem was DONE, and now today he's just finishing? Then he backtracked and said the dress would be done Monday at 10am. The he told me he was busy and he hung up on me!!!!! I got in my car immediately, drove to the store, knocked on the door (as they had closed 10 minutes before, although the website says they're open until 7) and asked for my dress back. Sure enough, he had done ABSOLUTELY NOTHING to the dress in 3 weeks, even though he LIED to me twice about the progress of the dress, once saying the hem was done, once saying he was still finishing it up (which would indicate that he had STARTED!) He even admitted to me that he had "taken on too much work." Excuse me sir, that's your problem, NOT mine! Thankfully, I found a REAL tailor (Pro Tailor on Seven Hills Dr.) who marked the entire hem of my dress with pins (not two safety pins) and to fix the issue on top, took it in from the back, rather than the sides. The dress was PERFECT and was done 4 days later! Thank God he was "too busy" to provide me with any kind of decent service because now I've found a real place to have garments altered, with excellent quality and a timely fashion. I cannot even imagine what that dress would have turned out looking like if this joke of a tailor had touched it with anything besides a safety pin.  This place obviously has good reviews, although I can't imagine how anyone would have anything positive to say about their quality of work or service. Perhaps he does good work when he isn't "too busy". Maybe those folks like being lied to and like waiting a month for their stuff to be altered. All he needed to say was, "I'm sorry, I won't be able to get your dress hemmed in a month." Instead, he continuously lied to me until 7 days before my sister's wedding. I am completely appalled by the experience I had here and I would never, under any circumstances refer anyone to this place....unless of course you like waiting, getting lied to, getting hung up on, and getting lied to some more,, then by all means...have fun taking advantage of the 20% discount he gives you for being a new customer.
5	Honest, friendly, service, really great with alterations, they do not send it out, all work done in house, and of course they are green, no harsh chemicals.  Really great business to have on Eastern just south of the 215.
5	IN MO WE TRUSTMo is like family. There isn't anything that I wouldn't do for him and vice versa. I've been doing business with Mo for almost as long as he's been operating at this location which is close to eight years. Unlike $orean dry cleaners who ask you to prepay for their service, I can confidently leave my dry cleaning for longer than a week and not have to worry or call.  No funny chemicals and after smell. An absolute straight shooter and fine businessman.  Wish there were more people like Mo.
5	Jessica always takes great care of me- greets me with a smile, my clothes always come back beautiful and she's even gone above and beyond when I've needed rush jobs. I would definitely recommend Green Cleaners to anyone. They are a slightly pricier than I normally pay, but it's definitely worthwhile. I wouldn't go anywhere else.
5	Best dry cleaner ever. Super friendly, great service and clean clothes. What more could you want? I had never before considered being loyal to a cleaner until I came here. Now I feel bad for people who don't know about Green Cleaner.So you say, "great they're nice, but what about the clothes?" I am rough on my clothes and they always come back clean. Grease, sauce, mystery stain, you name it never had a problem. Plus typically dry cleaning chemicals make me itch, not here. Originally came for the eco. Staying for the service.
5	I've been coming here for years. Mo and his wife are fantastic. The quality of the work is excellent, timely, and very well priced. Mo treats his customers like they are close friends, and it's always a pleasure to go in there. This is the epitome of what a neighborhood business should be.
1	Empty promises...he had the wedding dress since March, went for a million fittings and he never did what he said he would including cleaning it, yet he charged me. Very bad service!!!!!!
2	Well, I called and they were rude to me on the phone....so as of right this minute I'd say 2 stars is about accurate.
5	Quick look: BEST dry cleaner that I have found in Vegas! Detailed review: Mohammed (Mo) and his family are simply the best! Mo treats his customers as family and will respect your garments as if they are your own. Mo is a mad man and always working. I have yet to see him in a foul mood or not greet me with a smile on his face. Mo is truly one of a kind and I believe it is is his positive outlook on life that keeps all of us going as loyal customers. Has done an amazing job with my garments. Had an older shirt that once had an issue while in his care. The shirt was old and had seen its better day. Mo insisted on paying full price for the shirt and would not take no as an answer. Have had money and other belongings get left in my sport coats and it always gets put into a small baggie and comes back to me. Mo has even kept the business open after his scheduled closing time so that I could get my needed garments after being stuck in traffic. Truly an honest and caring businessman. I just wish that Mo could find someone with his work ethic and amazing attitude so that he could take some time off and take his great family on a vacation. He deserves one! It is without hesitation that I recommend Green Cleaners and Alteration Center on Eastern Ave. Say hello to Mo and his wife. You will see why we all care for them very much!!
5	You have one chance to make a first impression. Green Cleaners makes sure my clothes are ready for that chance. After having gone through at least a dozen Dry Cleaners over the past 18 years in Vegas I have found the one! After over 2 years of using Green Cleaners I will never go anywhere else. Mo treats you and your garments like family. I enjoy our conversations as much as I do his treatment of my threads. My clothes don't have a funny smell to them nor do they come up missing. They go in, they come out. The personalized service is unmatched as is the quality of the work. Their Tailor is a skilled tradesmen as well. I am constantly having something fixed or altered and its always timely and valued priced. Buy good clothes on sale that need a nip or tuck and take them here for your alterations. You'll be glad you did. This is the way a business should be run, the old fashion way Service and a Smile. Mo should teach Small Business 101 at UNLV!
5	You can't compare this place to a cheap dry cleaner. I drive 35 minutes to come here because I refuse to take my suits to cheap service dry cleaners most dry cleaners don't scrub your neck or cuff on the shirt and leave them dirty. I speak from experience that I have dealt with at multiple 1. 75 cleaners.  the lapel on suits have to be pressed in certain ways. They don't just run the iron over the lapel . White shirts actually come back white not yellow. Your clothes does not smell like nothing but chemicals because it is all organic cleaning. I recommend this place to all my friends and customers there is not one dry cleaner that I will recommend except for this please. Don't make the mistake by letting amateurs dry clean your suit or dress. Bring it to the professionals at green Cleaners.
5	Used for the first time after reading other reviews. Mo is friendly as advertised and it was a pleasurable experience at a good price. The turnaround was approximately two days but Mo said that it could be done quicker if need be. Will be back!
5	The best cleaners in the west. Sometimes you may have to wait but your clothing is done with the utmost care. Very friendly. They care about their clients and your clothes.
5	A wonderful place, Mo is so nice he greats everyone with a smile and your garments always comes back looking amazing! This place I would recommend to anyone. I also like the fact that it's safe for the environment as well!
5	Been coming here for last three years!  The best cleaners in town!!!!!   I strongly recommend...
1	I gave this place several chances because of the reviews. They ruined two of my designer silk blouses the buttons were all chipped and cracked. The shop owner said we did not do that. Oh really...... I brought them to you like that yeah right! He agreed to replace them if I purchased the buttons. My shirts are now useless to me. I can not locate matching buttons. Very poor customer service..... I now have two clean silk blouses with cracked and chipped buttons that can not be worn. Each blouse cost $220.00 each. Green Cleaners is the worse.
5	Mo and Green Cleaners are the absolute best! My husband is a police recruit and has to have his uniforms in top shape at all times. When my husband first got his uniforms I was looking for dry cleaners close to our house. The first one I tried melted the adhesive from the velcro patches on the sleeves all over the shirts and couldn't remove it. My husband had to get new shirts from supply. This caused a lot of stress! The second one, the clothes would come back with black lint all over them and I had to roll them clean. I also had to take out all the presses and repress the military seams because they were so far off from where they were supposed to be. The third dry cleaners left the clothes dirty with stains around the collar. The fourth one melted the adhesive on the sleeves on one of his shirts. Then I found Green Cleaners! It takes me 30 minutes to drive one way there, but it is SO worth it! They do such an awesome job that we don't have to worry at all about how they are going to come back. We know they are going to be clean and pressed perfectly! On top of that, Mo is super friendly. I always leave there with a smile because his positivity is so contagious. I always enjoy talking with him and his life story is very inspiring. He truly cares about the community and is an exemplary member of society. I was only bringing 3 shirts with my husband's four pants because of the melted adhesive. Mo cared enough to ask why. He told me to bring it in and see what they could do. To my surprise, they saved the shirt! Just this past weekend, I got sick on Saturday morning and completely forgot to pick up the uniforms. After emailing Mo, he got right back to me and actually came in on a Sunday so I could get the uniforms! I felt so bad for pulling him into work on his one day off, but he was actually thanking me! I am so extremely grateful to Mo and Green Cleaners! He has a customer for life in us, and I would not even consider going anywhere else. Thank you Mo and Green Cleaners for your wonderful service and your caring attitude!
5	Best customer service that I have ever had from a cleaner. These people truly love their business and care about their customers. I will be a customer for life. Thanks guys!
5	This place ROCKS! They are all about taking care of  the customers and making them happy! Thank you Mo and your team!
5	After dropping off my dry cleaning a MONTH ago and leaving town, I finally made my way back to Green Cleaners where all of my things were cleaned and waiting for me. However once I returned home I saw that on the shoulder of one of my jackets they attached money they found in the pocket with a safety pin. I literally had no idea the money was there, I hadn't worn the jacket in months.... The young lady in the front was also extremely nice.
5	Owner was very kind and accomodating. He was able to rush a table cloth for my job and it was ready when promised. Quality work. The table cloth looked perfect. Picking up my personal items tomorrow. Very reasonably priced. I'll be a regular here now.
5	i recommend this place to everyone. not only are they eco friendly, they have amazing customer service, takes care of each piece of clothing!
5	Amazing customer service the owner always greets you and all the work is done on the premise which to me is the most important thing so so things don't get lost. Fair pricing and for what they do it's very good pricing. Most people don't know this but the cleaning fluid is used all day long in most dry cleaning businesses so you've got the dirt and mess from all the peoples clothes all day which to me is disgusting. They change the fluid every wash.
5	Incredible service, appropriately priced, owner is very kind and engaged.  The best dry cleaner in Nevada.
5	I am so impressed with the service I get here. The clothes are always perfect they're always on time and they always has a fair price.  This cleaners is a rare jewel and a rare find in our city.
5	After my first visit I won't go any place else. I like the fact that the owner restructured his entire business to make it more environmentally friendly. It's notable enough to earn the business and owner recognition in several local papers.As far as quality, my clothing items are always returned cleaned exactly to order. If it ever was not, I'm sure the owner would address any concern. I know this because I came in once on a busy day to pick up my clothes. My ticket was mixed up with a young woman who had just brought in her clothes. He realized his mistake while searching the back and located my ticket. Because he made me wait (an extra 5 minutes mind you), he took 25% off my ticket. It was generous and unnecessary and an example of why I'll keep coming back. I haven't had any alterations or adjustments done, but if I need any, I'll probably come here.
5	Green Cleaners provides A+ service on cleaning, and is worth every bit of their price! My shirts always come back crisp and clean and wrapped carefully in plastic.  Additionally, I recently had an experience whereby they accidentally misplaced my favorite shirt as part of a dry cleaning order.  After going above and beyond to try and find my shirt, and profusely apologizing for the delay, Mo (the owner) was unable to locate it.  Mo then proceeded to have me buy a brand new shirt and reimburse me in full.  He even offered to press the new shirt free of charge.  In this day and age of people try to make a quick buck or get one over on people, Mo takes the time to understand and get to know his customers and do the right thing for them.  He is a breath of fresh air, and he runs a top notch business! He's earned a customer for life, and recommendations to whomever I can provide them to.
5	Very impressed with the owner. He creates a welcoming atmosphere and has great communication with tailoring. I am looking forward to returning.
5	The 1st time I've rated a cleaners but this is so good it deserves 5 stars. The owner is so nice & always takes care of my dry cleaning needs with a smile. I've been here since 2010 & I can rely on this cleaners 100%. Never lost anything which is saying a lot. Oh.... And the candy!!!  He always has candy to throw me off my diet :) #TootsieRoll
2	First time I went to this cleaners I had a great experience. 2nd time I went, the machines were down and I had to wait an extra day. I understand that kind of stuff happens, and Mo felt bad about it so I continued to use them. The next time I went to pick up, my clothes were once again late. He had me wait 15 minutes while I was waiting, I was a little irritated but figured it wasn't that big of a deal. A few days later I went to put on clothes for work and realized that 1 of my shirts was never laundered AT ALL, however it did have the cleaner tag and plastic piece on the collar. I stopped going after this incident.Did I mention that they are the most expensive dry cleaners in the Valley and they don't even deliver? Now I get my clothes delivered to my office, and the bill is actually less expensive.
1	Pretty sure anything above 1-star was given an incentive to write a positive review. So here we go for shit service, I dropped off two scrub bottoms to be hemmed, simple task, right? They said give us a week, well I went back a 12 days later and THEY STILL WEREN'T DONE. The man, assuming owner, said oh no I'm sorry, come back in an hour. Get real. Overpriced and slow. The man behind us had the same issue, and of course they asked for another hour . Point being, don't waste your time or money. Go somewhere that doesn't need reminders or 2 weeks for a basic regular pant hem.
5	GREEN CLEANERS IS AMAZING!! I am 100% loyal to this business and Mo, and gladly recommend it to all of my friends!The prices here are extremely reasonable and much cheaper than the other dry cleaners in my area (e.g. Tide, whatever cleaner is on Seven Hills).  Mo, the owner, is extremely personable and provides among the best customer service I have ever experienced.  If you need something rushed, he will work with you to ensure it is done on time.  In some instances, my clothes have been finished before he had promised!  Alterations are also very affordable if they are minor.  I have been using Green Cleaners for about 6 months and have had nothing ruined or los.  For those of you who are environmentally conscious, Green Cleaners also uses eco-friendly chemicals in its dry cleaning/laundering processes!  Everyone who relies on cheap, efficient, and quality dry cleaning for their job MUST go to Green Cleaners!!
5	With more cleaners than there are McDonald's, it's tough knowing which ones are good and which aren't. Green Cleaners knows this. The owner, who by the way is always there no matter what time I go (he's really dedicated to this place), is always cheery! How many people do you know that are cheery ALL the time, let alone where you get your laundry done? He's awesome!As with any new place I'm thinking about trying out, I Yelped to check out what other people had to say. Green Cleaners had the most reviews, and everyone had something positive to say. Also, I really like the name of this business.In sum, prices are reasonable and you've got nothing to lose by giving this place a try.
