4	Quite often when the bf and I decide to go for dinner on a Saturday night we end up waiting too long and find every business on Liberty has huge crowds and long waits. Last night was no exception...Once we realized the masses had the same idea we had on our night out, we started really weighing our options. Then like a beacon in the night... the neon glow of beer signs caught our eye from across the street. What's that? Over there... Is that? Can it be? A new pizza joint\bar? The yelp-gods sang out!I remembered seeing the Pizza Bar sign and thought they were saying it was a pizza buffet. (It's not. Trust me I learned my lesson from Cici's, while pizza buffet sounds great it's sometimes a horrible scary thing...) Looking in the window it was the bartender and a girl on her laptop at the bar. PERFECT for us. The bartender was especially nice and turned the tv from college football to Pens hockey for us. It's clean and spacious inside, not to mention slightly dark which I love. We ordered beers (I got a Great Lakes Eliot Ness which is on tap!) and a quesadilla (beef at the bartender's suggestion) w/ guac and sour cream as an app. Hindsight being what it is, I should have gone with just the plain jane cheese pizza. My love for cheese knows no bounds, as my wide hips will prove, so we went for the 5 cheese extravaganza. It was good. The cheeses were mozzarella, provolone, fontinella, ricotta, and feta. Honestly though, it was a little much. All the cheeses made the pizza sort of soggy. It was still delicious but just heavy. The bf said he thought the sauce was a little too much like spaghetti sauce, although I couldn't taste it beyond the multiple cheeses. A true test of pizza for me is the morning after test. Upon waking I tried a slice of the fridge chilled pizza and it was actually even better than the night before. In all, I have a lot of hope for this place and the fact that they deliver (and their menu goes well beyond pizza and covers the entire pizza place/italian food scope) means there is a really good chance we'll be checking back on various pizza's in the future.
5	Dear Caliente, you being in my neighborhood is dangerous business indeed. I stopped back after being TRAPPED in traffic one night in hopes of finding some homemade tiramisu since I remembered it being on the menu. While they didn't have any, I did get two slices of cheesecake for next to nothing. Only downside, it was frozen when I got home. I stopped back in tonight to grab a small pizza for spinster-dinner. I opted for the buffalo chicken pizza. It came out on this beautiful platter, all puffy crust and browned cheese.This was far far better than the five cheese pizza.  Far far better. The bartender was friendly as always.
4	Great, cheap pizza.. Definitely nothing to write home about, but my plain 18" pie was less than $9 for takeout. The pizza itself tasted good - light on the sauce and heavy on the cheese, and the crust was excellent for your basic American-style pizza. Most of the menu is under $10 for pasta, hoagies, etc, and they have some pretty good coupons as well. They appear to have some daily food and drink specials. Monday wing night and thursday burger night, and maybe a half-off pasta on wednesday.Inside Caliente there is also a bar. Reasonably priced, the selection didn't seem out of this world but $4 Sarnac seasonals tied us over while we waited for our pizza to come out. We also got buffalo fries - which unfortunately were not as we imagined, the potato-based cousin of the wing, but rather a knock off of Buffalo Wild Wing's buffalo chips(thick-sliced potato chips with curly fry seasoning). Tasty, none-the-less, and sometimes thin enough that the edges were crispy like a chip, delicious!All-in-all, just a neighborhood bar and pizza joint. If you're looking for a cheap pizza and you live around here, definitely give them a call.
5	Sooo its my day off I'm starving all sorts of Somalian like. I only decided to order from Caliente because I trust Nichole. No offense Jarrett. I called at around 10:30 hoping theyd still be delivering and yes they were. I explained to the guy on the phone I'd never ordered from them before and he said he wasn't busy and would not mind explaining what was on the menu. I ultimately decided to order a Traditional Cheese Pizza. 30 minutes later pizza at my door and good pizza at that.
4	Delicious!
2	With my usual go to Spak being closed on Sundays, I decided to hit up Caliente.  Ordered a medium green pepper pizza for take out.  Total damage $11 and some change.  Sadly, the pizza was less than impressive.  Cheese was thick and slid right off the pie.   Better off saving some money and going to a pizza chain.  Better yet wait a day and go to Spak Brother's.
3	This is a nice neighborhood establishment. Small and intimate, everyone friendly, good service. The pizza crust was outstanding - thin on the bottom and puffy around the edges. The pizza was fine, but a little bland. I hope the chef gets a little more generous with the spices in the future.
5	Alright, I have to level with you - I'm giving Caliente a 5 star rating, but it's for a combo of above-average 'bar food' AND the fastest delivery in Bloomfield, hands-down. (Who enjoys waiting an hour and a half for food?! When ya hungry, ya hungry!)Thus far, I've sampled: chicken tenders (delish), popcorn chicken (okay, but more crispy breading than meat), onion rings (the best!), white pizza (solid, not as good as Angelo's, but you can add ricotta), regular pizza (good), mozzarella sticks (decent), chicken parm with pasta (the chicken is diced up and kinda mixed with the pasta, which is different, but still good), and -- duhn, duhn, duhhhn -- the gyro. I have to elaborate on this one, because I was kinda shocked by how good their gyro was! They toast the pita, so it has a satisfying crunch to it, which I appreciate. They deliver it with the cucumber sauce (decent, but not Mike & Tony's) on the side so ish doesn't get soggy -- a plus in my book -- and the right amount of lettuce, tomato, and red onion comes on the luscious lamb. We've ordered the gyro about five times now, and have never been disappointed! On top of all that, the food is usually delivered within 20-30 minutes. How awesome is that? I mean, when you call and order delivery, it's because you are hungry and, in my case, too lazy to put shoes on and drive to Wendy's. Caliente always comes through for me here. In fact, last night, they delivered our food in FIFTEEN minutes! That's cray-cray. Unheard of. Usually, food delivery peeps seem to like to flaunt their power over you. "You're hungry? We have food. Yeah, you want our food?... Well, ya gotta wait!" Not Caliente. They're quick, pleasant, and they take credit cards over the phone, so you don't have to have cash either. :)
2	Might want to chalk this one up to an off day, but I ordered from here on a Sunday night, and it was pretty bad.Pizza was cheesy, so that's good, but unfortunately also saucy. That's not a compliment when it comes to pizza. There was way too much sauce and it had a weird taste to it. Kind of like Ragu pasta sauce, which I only know the taste of from eating dinner at non-Italian friends' houses when I was young. A taste I wish I could forget. The crust was thick and bready, which can be good if done right, but this one was underdone and didn't have any crispiness to it. The flaccid slices caused the cheese to slide off in a rather unattractive manner. I don't think flaccid is ever a compliment in any context, anyway.We also got wings, and the skin was kinda slimy and chewy...again, no crispiness. Maybe they were rushed and were undercooking everything that night? Their hot wing sauce is dark and sticky with lots of hot pepper flakes, not a classic orangey-red buffalo sauce, so I didn't like that much either. They were very, very spicy, thanks to the hot pepper, but didn't have much depth of flavor beyond that. They don't have celery, so I had nothing to cool down my mouth from the intense spiciness. And the bleu cheese was just packet dressing, so the taste wasn't appealing enough to drown my wings in it (like I do at Fuel & Fuddle, which also does not have celery, but makes up for it with an amazing homemade dressing).It was fairly cheap, delivery was quick. If you're not picky about pizza, it's fine. Pizza is one of my favorite foods, so I'm not going to settle for a mediocre to bad one, especially when the wings weren't good either. Probably not ordering from here again. Onto the next pizzeria!
2	I've ordered late night delivery for pizza, pasta ans wings as an experiment. Everything sucked. I will never order from them again.
4	This is a cool, clean Bloomfield bar. It's nonsmoking if you do not like that about some of the other East End "hot spots" and the drinks are pretty darn cheap. The food is good bar food. It's not like wow cool foodie bar food like Brillo Box or something but it tastes great. I loved the fries and the pizza was so good that I ate enough that I felt full for days. Also, karaoke night here is low key and fun and you can be "that guy" who does multiple songs very easily. I give this review based on four nice experiences.
2	Pizza and appetizers are pretty nice. Beer selection seemed OK, but not particularly vast. They had one poor bastard working there on the Sunday night before Memorial Day and it was like one of the only places open on the street. One person at the bar and doing table service for food. Service was predictably, cripplingly slow. Assuming this was a one off because of the holiday weekend I would give this place another try. The patrons having shouting matches outside also provided nice, light evening entertainment.
2	When you're a pizza joint in Pittsburgh (or any city, for that matter), you better have something awesome going for you or you'll just be another pizza place lost in the numbers. Count Caliente in the latter group.Caliente really offers up nothing new or memorable, unfortunately. The service we had while sitting at the bar was poor. The bartender was nice, but she spent more time talking to her friend who wasn't even paying for anything than waiting on us and other customers who had empty beers at the other end of the bar. The mozzarella sticks weren't very hot when they came out, but were still the delicious kind that I love, so I wasn't going to let it bother me. The only downside is that you only get 4 sticks. The bummer in that portion was only magnified when the rest of the meal left a lot to be desired.My chicken parmesan hoagie was clearly made with frozen patties, and there wasn't a lot of cheese or sauce on the hoagie. I definitely wouldn't order it again if I, for some strange reason, was eating there again.The white pizza we ordered was okay, but it was more of a bland cheesy bread than a white pizza. Very little flavor, very little cheese, and none of that garlic/oil/seasoning flavor that you expect with a white pizza.It's not a bad bar, though. Decent beer selection (although a beer list would be nice on the menu). We also liked the actual atmosphere, even though it was dead while we were there. Unfortunately, without an improvement in service and food, I don't see it being full of customers on a regular basis any time soon.
2	As I detailed in my first review, the pizza and wings here were pretty bad.I have since been back for their karaoke night and it was pretty fun. Apparently this is the new "cool" hangout spot, or so I've heard. I guess they're hosting shows, etc. and really trying to make this more of a bar than a restaurant, which is cool since I didn't find the food particularly good.BUT...the bartenders here are HORRIBLE. I mean, they are really just bad bartenders, at least the two that were there the night I was there (and apparently are like always there). The one girl looked angry the whole time and wouldn't give me a straw for my cranberry vodka (seriously, who wants to drink well vodka without a straw?). She also gave attitude when my friend asked for a lime for her Tecate (again, who wants to drink Tecate without lime?). AND she didn't even open the beer, which I'm pretty sure is illegal (my friend has since been back and said that this is a common occurrence). The male bartender tried a lame attempt at flirting with me by continuously mentioning my bright red shorts. And then my friend's double gin-and-ginger-ale got knocked over literally a minute after she paid for it, and the bartender witnessed it, and he charged her for it!! I know the bartender's not required to comp you a drink or anything...but every time this has happened to me (most recently, at Mad Mex...I was talking with my hands a little too enthusiastically...), the bartender hasn't made me pay for a replacement drink. And I didn't have to ask, either. LAME!Weirdly...the pizza I saw some people eating looked nothing like the pizza I received when I ordered delivery from them. So maybe I did get a bad one, who knows.
5	I don't normally like pizza, but Caliente's makes a really good one. The atmosphere is very casual and our server was sweet and really pretty. I didn't expect to like Caliente since it comes off as a dive, but I was surprised.
5	Eaten here before and A+. Last night a friend moved back to Pittsburgh and took her out for drinks. We started at Pleasure Bar in Bloomfield...thats another story! :-( Decided to try out Caliente's. Wasnt that busy but that was good. Ordered a rum runner and Jeff,the bartender, never made one. No biggie. White russian and my friend said make me something with tequila in it. She loved it! We ended calling it The Jeff Drink.(think of something catchier later) he seemed to be there solo and held his ground, calm,collected, and really nice. Ordered provie sticks and chicken poppers, and they were out in minutes and were great, (for fried food) we have now officialy made it our meeting place and Italian days is coming up and surely will bring the gang down here!
4	everyone needs to try the broccoli bites, first off. probably the best ever. i also had the greek pizza which was also delicious. prices are reasonable as well. the only reason i didn't give it 5 stars, is that the service wasn't the best ever. there were no servers, just the bartender, and he was rather slow and we had to ask for water refills. (the bar section wasn't busy either) but he was friendly, so i can't complain too much. i'd definitely go back. oh, another bonus: they serve pizza super late!
1	This place is DEAD. New owners who hate punks, gays and weirdos. They are trying to turn it into a south side frat bar. Nothing but dinguses working and hanging out here now. Avoid at all costs. You guys ruined a great spot.
1	I would like to request that Caliente REMOVE THE BLUE CHEESEBURGER FROM THE MENU. I'm a fat bastard, I'm hardly picky about what I eat, but this is the WORST BURGER I'VE EVER PAID $6 FOR EVER ($8 with fries). Problems:-The bun was ice cold.-The beef patty was obviously some frozen piece of garbage that was heated to a barely edible, unseasoned, gray disc.-Shredded lettuce and tomato halves that were thrown on this "burger" with zero regard whatsoever.-Ice cold blue cheese chunks ON TOP OF THE BUN. None of it was on the meat or heated like any half-sane human does with a cheeseburger.Like I said, I'm not picky, but for the first time in years, possibly ever, I had it sent back, feeling like a jerk in the process but holy crap was this bad. I detailed what was wrong with it and the bartender was very sympathetic. Roughly 3 human lifetimes were lived and finally my burger came back.Guess what?IT WAS THE EXACT SAME.Maybe the bartender didn't communicate this to the "cook" or he just didn't give a shit, but it came back the exact same.Now starving beyond belief, I wolfed the crapburger down, and immediately felt horrible. I still feel horrible. Please, Caliente, stop serving this abomination. Also, CBS' Sunday night tv schedule is the most boring shit I've ever had to watch out of the corner of my eye in a bar. What kind of booji people are you trying to entertain? The clientele are all in their 20s, not their 60s. I'm nitpicking now... Oh yeah, this is my first ever Yelp post, I joined Yelp just to warn everyone. JUST SAY NO TO CALIENTE "BURGERS"WORLDWIDE.
5	I had never reviewed Caliente when it was under the previous ownership and I'm glad I didn't for the new owners, who happen to be awesome.The atmosphere is much of what you would expect from a bar.  People jabbering away and TV's in the background with sports, all standard good stuff.  The decor is in the process of changing with the new owners, more cool stuff on the wall and the addition of the chalkboard paint listing all the tap brews (all 20) is really cool.  What makes Caliente welcoming is the staff, none of who I have ever had an issue with... From the handy man to the owners, they know how to treat patrons.As for the food, it is pretty damn good.  The pizza is, in my opinion, the best in Bloomfield.  It is obvious that they use fresh ingredients, many of which I believe are local.  The wings are solid and the sandwiches are put on superb bread, which I think makes or breaks most sandwiches.Drinking!  If you like craft beer then Caliente is your place to go in Bloomfield... The selection on tap is fantastic with Hercules Double IPA, Raging Bitch Belgium IPA and Dogfish Head Burton and Baton only to name a few... There is 20 on tap in total and one will not find a miller lite or bud light in the mix... IF you prefer bottles, well they have two full coolers full of craft brews, including my personal favorite, Dogfish Head 120 Minute IPA...  And for you hipsters, they most certainly have Pabst Blue Ribbon available...You can't go wrong with Caliente.
1	Um Caliente SERIOUSLY!?!So after work I decided to order a pizza a pie. Nothing too crazy. A Red Pizza by my definition is a pizza with red sauce on it. Apparently, not this time. Anywho I ordered a Red Pizza with Parmesan on the side and garlic sauce.I received: Cheese with extra red sauce. No Parmesan, and some weird sauce with green stuff in it maybe it cilantro/basil I don't know. Plus it was undercooked! Thats kind of a trifecta of badness by my definition. I dont know. I would like to say this was the first time I've received an undercooked pizza which I had to send back but alas it is my third.Caliente, whats going on?!?! I'm confused, bewildered, baffled even. Step your game up or else Giovanni's is more than welcome to take my money anyday.
4	Ordered the other night from here and of course I didn't get pizza. I opted for the burger once again (I've been on a burger kick lately). And of course this place didn't disappoint.The burger was nice and big, made sure it filled the bun. Topped with the usual lettuce, tomato and onion. Bigger than burgers you may find at other places in the city. I ordered fries as my side and was not disappointed with them. Nice size portion for the price. They had some type of coating on them that made them a little more crunchy than what you would find at any fast food place.Deliver is through GrubHub, so a fee does apply (this fee varies on the place you order from, from what I have noticed).
1	I will never order another pizza from Caliente ever again. Tonight I decided to use my "credit" for my botched pizza from my last review. Apparently wrong thing to do. So they told me the wait would be 30 to 45 minutes. Ordered this at 1218. I don't get any calls from Caliente about my delivery or that the driver is even outside. All I get is a knock on the door but by the time I get outside no ones there. It's 130 I call for my pizza.At this point after 3 undercooked pizzas and an undelivered one what can I say I'm pissed. Not only do I get yelled after asking for a refund for the credited pizza as well what I ordered on this ordered he tells me I don't deserve the refund (from apparently "2 weeks ago" he says I'm pretty sure it has only been 5 days let me check my Yelp records) for the credited pizza I never received. By the way everyone this is coming from the exact same person who botched the order from the last review. Now hes saying that he didn't even make a mistake on the last one after he owned up to everything in the last review. Um. What? Im over it. I speak to the manager who apparently likes to let his employees yell at people over the phone and tell him I want everything refunded and that no I don't want a free pizza. I don't care if he makes it and that all I want is an apology from his employee for yelling at me telling me guess what I'M WRONG. Even the manager doesn't think I deserve an apology.Caliente heres a few lessons for you:1. Employees need to show professionalism regardless of how annoyed, rude, pissed, off a customer is. There is no back and forth.2. Hanging up on customers too is a no go.3. Learn how to make a pizza. The pizza that you were probably going to give me this time was probably undercooked too.Time to start ordering from GIovannis at least their pizzas are consistent.
1	I came in for happy hour. I sat at the end of the bar, received no attention from the staff. A guy was loudly mounting a TV on the wall behind the bar (power tools and such); something that should have probably been done outside of business hours. They have $3 happy hour four cut pizzas, and a dollar off of drafts. I ordered a pizza with olives and whatever great divide beer they had on draft. Their beer mark-up is much higher than industry standard. After 20 minutes, my pizza came out with the incorrect toppings. After 20 more minutes, it came out correctly. It was fine, but by that time I just wanted to get my shit and leave. One of the staff had put on some truly awful music on the jukebox, and the noise from trying to mount that TV behind the bar was distracting.As a server, I know that in this type of situation, it's standard to offer the customer some kind of discount, or to take care of the customer's drinks so that they come back (or at the very least, to avoid a negative review). The bartender (I think also the owner) didn't take care of anything for me. I'm never getting food from here again, and if I go for Karaoke I'm going to pre-game real hard so I don't have to break my bank on their super-expensive beer.
1	EXTREMELY HIGH PRICED BEERS.ATLEAST 2X AS MUCH. good beers. good pizza . good calzones. good food in general. but beers are priced atleast 2X the price of anywhere else you will find good beers. go to lot 17 across the street. not as many any beers on tap but priced right and really awesome people working. or just go buy a case next door at the distributor. sucks but true. like you caliente but you are ripping us off. i paid $9 dollars for a dogfish draft. good beer. but seriously? im emailing dogfish too to confirm how excessive this is. At least have the decency to display your prices so your customers have the option I walk out before ordering. But I guess that's part of the plan because no one would stay if you did. And I have heard this complaint from everyone I know who has got sucked into Caliente.
4	I went on Thursday and it was 7 dollar medium cheese. Coming from Chicago I was skeptical but the pizza was delicious. The crust was good and it was even good cold later. The waitress was really nice. The only problem was the rif raf that came in. Crowd was somewhat trashy. I would go back if I was in Pitt again.
5	I came here on the groupon and I must say this place gets very high marks. The food was really good the pizza was perfect. I had the Thai chilli wings and the sauce was the best I've had ever. GREAT beer selection with good beers on tap and in bottles. Great and knowledgeable service . This place is a win.
2	When this place first opened it was awesome. great food, fast service, decent prices. We would order from them probably once a week. they had fantastic specialty pizza and great plain normal pizza as well. HOWEVER, they went through a change in management and I think they changed their food company because all of a sudden it went downhill quick!We ordered salads from there one night and not only did they tell us that it was going to take 45 minutes for PICKUP but they weren't even ready when we got there 50 minutes later. we asked for extra ranch when ordering and asked if it was in there when we picked up. The response was "uh, it should be" Needless to say it was not. The salads were disappointing to say the least. Another time, the delivery driver "supposedly" got lost coming to the house. we literally live on the same block one street over! Such a shame because this place was awesome when it opened. I will never order there again.
4	I stopped in on Friday during happy hour and I was not disappointed.  They have a good selection of craft beer on tap that is half-off 4:30-6:30.  Half-off Dogfish Head Punkin Ale?  Yes please.  I ordered the personal pizza for $5 and loved it.  Great crust and sauce and the best pizza in Bloomfield in my opinion.  This was my second time here and the service appears to be hit or miss.  It was great this time but pretty poor the last.  Also, it was practically empty this time and packed full the last.  I'm not sure about the menu beyond the pizza.I'll go back.
4	Fantastic Pizza! Some of the best pizza I've had in a while. The wings were also tasty. Good beer selectionSeemed a bit underserved when we first got there but more folks came on shift and service improved.
3	We have been here a number of times and I really like the food and beer selection but the service, frankly, sucks.  If I could look past the service this would be a 4, maybe even 5 star review, but again the service consistently sucks. Let's review the service first and just get this out of the way. Tonight we came in and it was moderately busy so we sat/stood at the bar.  We all ordered beers (at least 3 on their draught list were kicked but still on the chalk board. How hard is it to erase a chalk board?) and our friends ordered a pizza.  The wait wasn't long for the pizza but when the kitchen brought out the pizza they just set it on the back bar. And there it sat for 10 minutes while the bar tender and servers walked by it and wouldn't make eye contact with us.  Finally my friends were served their lukewarm pizza after we pointing out that it was there.  No apologies or acknowledgment of an issue were given. When it started to clearing out we moved to a table and had some more beers. At the end of the night a friend had to leave early so he cashed out his tab.  After our friend had left the bartender came over and stated that he had given our tab to my friend whom had left so we would need to pay his which was much larger.  He stated that we could just get the money back from our friend for the difference later on.  Once again no real apology was given.  I am really not sure how his mental error became my problem but it seems kind of ridiculous that I became responsible for it and it isn't like there is a manager on duty to deal with.Onto the good stuff.  The pizza is well above average and my wife especially loves the buffalo chicken pizza. The wings are some of the best in town.  Fried crisp and sauced properly.  The beer list is also one of the best in the east end.  They boast around 20 taps and the selection is always unique and well rounded for even the most demanding beer guy or girl.Bottom line, I'll come back. But I know that service will probably continue to suck and that I really have to be proactive as a customer when I am there.
4	Knocked off a star because of the service. It's not that the bartenders and servers are bad - they're all lovely - it's that whomever is scheduling them is horrific at their job .Constantly understaffed. If you're running specials everynight and draw a moderate to full crowd, you need more than one person. The staff is apologetic about it and it's not enough to keep me away but holy crap man, take some burden off your employees for god's sake.  Last four times I have been the wait times for service have been on the absurd side, you're doing nobody a favor here.------Cannot believe I've waited so long to go here, kicking myself for wasting time with the smaller pizzerias (no offense).Went on a Sunday, great specials on the pizza. I think it was 13 dollars for an XL pizza and you get four toppings for free. The pizza was delicious, went with spinach, feta two times, and ricotta, nice greek pizza. Got a side of fries which were quite tasty and fairly priced, big portion too.GREAT beer selection, server knew her stuff and suggested a peanut butter porter which was phenomenal. Cool place too, lots of TVs and seating. They have good specials every night on food and booze, will definitely be making Sunday nights pizza night now.
3	For the record, me and the girlfriend WANT to love this place, but after 2 visits over the past couple weeks, it is simply in our "okay" column. Why?  Well, first, let me say that Caliente's hits 2 of our 3 metrics for becoming a fan favorite: beer selection and food quality. Both times we've been to Caliente's the pizza, wings and fries have been pretty good to great. And the beer selection is perfect for microbrew worshipers like ourselves, with bottles, cans AND drafts galore. However, they score low in our 3rd metric of service. Not that the service is rude or absolutely terrible. It is just not good. It is the slow, lack of attention and detail that irks us. We tip well and we demand more attentive service. First trip we sat at the bar. The guy there was nice enough, but several times he passed us when we had empty drinks and twice we asked him for things like a glass of water and we actually saw him start to get it, but get sidetracked talking to coworkers and regulars and remember after 5 minutes when he came back to our part of the bar. Last night, we were inadvertently charged for an item we "won" on their Facebook page. And the waitress went out to smoke while our empty water glasses remained at full attention in the end if our table...in the dining room area with no one else there. I'm starting to wonder if this is why the place seems empty on weekend nights. This place is so close to being a contender...the service just needs to pick up before we will come back again.
3	Great beer selection. Good food. Subpar service. I really want to patronize this place more but 2 visits and both with crappy service makes it tough.
3	Love the beer selection, pizza, and happy hour specials.  Their draft list could be one of the best in the 'burgh, and they supplement that with a wide variety of bottle options.Caliente offers daily food and drink specials and happy hour deals.  You can't beat half off craft drafts during happy hour!So why three stars?  Each time I've been there, they typically only have a manager on staff and a bartender who is doubling as a waitress for the whole place.  The staff is always friendly, but for-sure overworked.  Don't expect to come in here and get out quick, and you may wait in between drinks longer than you'd like.They offer special events, like karaoke, live music, and trivia night.  Hope to check those out in the future!
1	Great beer selection but way way way too expensive. $15 for two beers? Save your money and go elsewhere.
1	Given the convenience of the location and the consistently awesome selection of beers at Caliente, I would assume this would be one of our regular spots.  Sadly, not so.  We've been here a handful of times (maybe 5?) and have been disappointed every time.  While the beer selection is great, the prices are simply outrageous.  A 22oz specialty beer for $19?  I've found the same beers at around $12-$14 in other spots.Our experience with the food is limited.  The only thing we've tried is the fried zucchini, but it was pretty awful.  Limp, flavorless mush with a side of marinara that was basically just plain tomato sauce.  We have avoided their pizzas on the assumption that the same sauce is used.Despite the over-priced beer and mediocre food, we may have continued to pop in from time to time, but for our 2 most recent experiences which made me feel like the management/ownership of this place is just downright dishonest.  Caliente has taken to advertising pint nights (buy a beer, keep the glass).  The first one we tried to go to, we got there around 9:45, and were informed that they were out of glasses.  They said the special started at 7.  OK, that's not unreasonable.  So the next time, we got there around 7:20.  What do you know?  Out of glasses.  The manager looked at me and said, "They go fast!"  That may be true, but then: get more glasses!  I don't need free glassware to patronize a place, but I do find it extremely insulting when a business advertises something like this to get you through the door, then doesn't deliver.  Running out of a special in 20 minutes isn't a special - it's a fire sale.  The beer selection may be good, but we won't be going back.
5	I have been back a few times and was not disappointed.  The menu has many solid options including the pepperoni rolls.  What makes this place great is the consistently awesome specials.  They really make an effort to get great beer here.  I've attending three different buy a draft/keep the glass, all which had representatives from the brewery giving out samples.  I really enjoy this place.
2	It's really unfortunate that the service at this place sucks so much, because I really like the beer selection and the food is decent as well. But every time I'm in there, they are incredibly understaffed. Once, my friend and I sat at the bar for 15 minutes without a drink! It was ridiculous. And once you order food, you're really in for the long haul...
4	Felt compelled to write an update.  Caliente seems to have gotten their act together.  I believe a change of ownership or management has happened since my original post.  Pizza has significantly improved.  The beer selection is awesome.  They frequently host limited release tappings.  Only downside is that they are a tad on the pricey side, even for quality craft beer.
3	Almost thought I walking into Pipers Pub at first, and the place sure looks like just that. Stopped by on a Thursday evening and place was somewhat busy. We got served right away. They have a decent draft beer selection,  and the subs we had were alright. Service was good!
3	While Caliente is one of my easy, go-to spots to bring friends for a quick drink, I have to say it's not my favorite joint. Its cave-like lighting is certainly not improved by its blasting music that ensures that you neither see nor hear your friends.The food pretty all right-- it is about two steps above bar food-- tasty, but nothing uber fantastical. What I keep going back for, however, is their excellent draft and bottle selection. They provide tasty craft brews, often local ones too, all the time. I love it!
3	I went here with a friend last night and was surprised by the experience that I had. First of all, if you're advertising your restaurant as a pizza place, you have to have great pizza.... bottom line. And unfortunately, I think that the pizza was the worst part of my entire experience here. I walked in and sat down with a friend for dinner.I had a Groupon and was eager to use it- but I unfortunately had heard that this place was a little below par, so my expectations weren't very high. However, I was surprised, almost floored, at the variety and diversity of craft beers- good for you guys! The waiter, who was actually a really nice guy and great, offered to give me a taste of anything and I tried the chocolate stout- mmmmmhmmm. I ended up getting the night special of a 22oz average beer for either 4 or 5 bucks, but enjoyed the menu nonetheless. And the food.... the food was actually pretty damn good. I had to spend 25 bucks for the Groupon, so we got a smorgasbord of bar food: onion rings, breadsticks, and a pizza. The waiter was even nice enough to come back and say we had enough money on the Groupon to get fries too- so we did just that (all of this for $25!) . The fries were average, but the onion rings and breadsticks were amazing. Good service, very little wait time. However, ironically the pizza left a lot to be desired. Overall though, a tasty and fun little night. This place was a nice little hole in the wall in a small space right on Liberty, and I probably would go back again.
2	was here twice. was kinda 'meh' both times. food is okayyyyy.... bartender took a while before noticing we existed.
5	You can't go wrong with Caliente. First of all, the atmosphere is pretty cool. It's a smaller place, but the dark lighting and appearance of the place definitely make it a pretty relaxed setting. They have TVs and there's always music playing. As far as the food goes, the pepperoni rolls are my absolute favorite. They offer food specials nightly, and the personal pizza for $5 is always a good go-to. The beer selection and draft list seem to always be updated when my group stops in, and they've hosted plenty of events with different featured beers. it seems like a lot of people are starting to find out about the new ownership of this place. That's really great for business, but it seems to be making it much more crowded on any day of the week. Plan for some extra time for the kitchen/servers to catch up. Lastly, the prices. They aren't out of the norm by any means.For me, this is a gem of Bloomfield and definitely one of my favorite places to visit in the burgh.
2	I've been here a few times. Pizza is worth trying and the draft list is great. However, that all means nothing when the service is horrible. Last time I was there I sat at a table near the bar for 15 minutes without anyone acknowledging me and it wasn't even busy.
1	Over priced! Over crowded! The service was so slow but I don't blame the wait staff. They were so over worked. There is no way the small staff could keep up with all the people. Not at all what we expect. We will not be returning!
2	Okay, I came to this place a lot for karaoke last year. It was fun cause I could take off my shirt and stuff and no one cared. They also had bar bingo which was a sure fire way to get drunk for under $15. Recently, a lot of friends were raving about the pizza, which I have had a few times before. I remember it being what I call "bar pizza". Pizza that is doey and fluffy, tastes good when you are sober but even better when you are drunk, however at the end of the day there is nothing special or redeeming about it. Think of Pizza Hut or frozen pizza you may purchase at a grocery store.I gave the pizza another try. Perhaps I was wrong. No, it was the same doey, bar pizza. Not amazing by any standards. I asked the pizza mAker about the inspiration behind their pizza, his response "I don't know... My mom bought a lot of tombstone when we were kids".Aside from this pizza with a bad personality, the beer is way over priced, they don't even serve straub or pbr. The bartender told me they "we're trying to get rid of that crowd". The crowd however added to the subpar experience. The best I can describe it is Bloomfield's jersey shore. In conclusion, if you wanna eat wack pizza, pay to much for beer while being surrounded by douches Caliente  is the place for you! The best thing this place can offer is they DO serve pizza till 2 pm.
4	So I had been hearing about Caliente for awhile now (lived in PGH for about 5 years) and saw a Groupon so decided to give it a shot. I was not disappointed. The parking sucks, but that's every place in Bloomfield, and it was easy to find. My wife and me took our 3 kids and my only gripe is we had to wait about 45 minutes for a table, then again it was a Saturday night. The dining area should be way bigger. But the food was great. The breadsticks with homemade ranch were awesome and the Broccoli Puffs were amazing. We had a Pepperoni pizza and a Meat Lovers Pizza and they were both great. Good crust, lots of toppings. My wife had a Buffalo Chicken salad and she loved it. I would highly recommend Caliente. Our waitress was really good too. Even without a Groupon we will definitely go back.
2	The ingredients are fresh and good but i always have to throw the pizza in the oven because it is never fully cooked, get your stuff together guys, your pizza would be good if it was cooked right! Cant comment about anything else.
4	I've ordered from Caliente so many times, but I've never had the pleasure of trying their craft-beer selection or great happy-hour deals. My review focuses on my most recent visit. Two nights ago my boyfriend and I were hanging out a friends, and we were crazy hungry at about 10pm. Caliente was suggested and chosen. We went for their five-cheese calzone and jalapeno poppers. The food took about an hour to arrive, which I guess makes sense for a late night. We probably should have just walked there, but we were too lazy to do that, plus we were gaming. The food arrived and it looked amazing. The calzone was definitely big enough for two people, but certainly could have fed three. At first bite I was in love. Cheesy deliciousness danced around my tongue and my hunger was sated. I was a bit of a challenge to eat it all though, so I shared with my friend. The jalapeno poppers were pretty tasty too. They weren't overly fried or greasy. They were just right! They could have been spicier though. There's not a lot else I can say about Caliente. Their pizza and food is consistently delicious, they employ friendly people and the price is right for what you get. I highly recommend Caliente and some of their great happy-hour deals.
4	I've never been inside, but I've ordered a billion pizzas. They're all delicious. It can take a minute for delivery, but I've never been disappointed with a Caliente pizza, and that's all my rating needs to be. The missing star is to make room for whatever I might be missing about beer and the ambience inside -- sorry, guys.
4	Caliente has amazing food.  Their pizza is very good.  The dough and sauce are amazing.  The hoagies are awesome.  I think the buns are made in house.The only reason I'm giving them only four stars is their beer prices are a tad high and the draft selection seems to always be beer I don't care for.
1	Pizza was delivered in a timely fashion but it was burned and almost inedible. The cheese bread was even just average. I will not be ordering here again.
5	We went to this place this past weekend and had an incredible experience. It was for a surprise birthday party so we had the whole downstairs to ourselves minus the bar. The server immediately took our Beverage orders as soon as we say down. Once everyone showed up he quickly took our food orders. We ordered a large pizza half pepperoni and half cheese and it was really good. The crust was perfect, the sauce tasted homemade and had a perfect flavor texture to it and the pepperoni and cheese were just right. We also got a ranchero steak sub and it was amazing. Great steak, Fresh cut French fries, and ranch dressing. The bread was perfectly toasted and the steak was very flavorful. Everyone else in our group enjoyed their food as well. The server was outstanding all night long. We will be back to this place for sure.
4	Went tonight for karaoke night. Great karaoke host, excellent young crowd of ever so slightly slightly ironic hipsters, most actually decent singers! Had a fun time. We ordered wings, mozzarella sticks, fries, and cheese breadsticks which were all really good. Only issue was the bar was run rather inefficiently... Hard to get staff attention, hard to get a box for our leftover food, etc. It also gets crowded really easily so come early!
5	I know, 5 stars is "as good as it gets", so I hesitate because there is always room for improvement, but for great pizza and wings this place deserves the 5 stars. The house made pizza sauce is perfection, and they don't skimp on the cheese. I've never actually eaten in house, we always get it delivered, so this review is simply on the great food, and super friendly drivers, and staff.
4	Great experience here! We had one of those city cards that give you $10 off of $30, and we decided to try it out on an early Monday evening. We ordered the broccoli poppers and house salad. My husband said that that was how broccoli should be-surrounded by cheese and bacon and then fried. Lol. They were delicious! The house salad was fresh and the balsamic dressing topped it off nicely. We ordered the Thai Chicken Pizza, and it was very good. Service was pleasant, and the draft selection was great-very diverse.
2	My rating is based on service! I have ordered from here multiple times, but this might be my last. My past experiences with ordering via phone and the food typically are tremendous! I decided to give the grub hub ordering method a shot, it started with great hope! But after 65 minutes of waiting, 20 past the reported delivery time I gave them a call. Found out there was a computer issue and did not get my order immediately, which they knew why I was calling! So total wait time turned out to be about 90 minutes. Still excited about the pizza only to become disappointed that the pizza dough was partially cook and raw...
5	I've been to Caliente a few times now and I love it. The pizza is good, the buffalo pizza is delicious, the steak salad is also delicious, the loaded fries are amazing. Service can be a little slow, but it's always busy so I can let that slide. The food is worth it! I work nearby, so I'll continue to eat here for the foreseeable future. I can't get enough of this place!
1	Had to give it another try. Big mistake. The waitress acted like we were a bother to her (there was one other table; it was no where near closing time). She was rude from the minute we sat down until we left even after many attempts to "kill her with kindness."What is the point of having "the best craft beer list" if your staff knows nothing about the beer, serves it in the wrong glass, and the glass they do serve it in reeks of  bleach and is filthy?I won't be returning and I'd advise others to stay away.
3	Great beer selection!  The wings were fantastic as was the pizza.  I really enjoyed the food but have to downgrade the rating based on the service.  The wings didn't show up until we were 2/3 done with our pizza and we waited a long time before our server was able to take care of us.  Part of the problem was probably the fact that they were understaffed due to the Little Italy festival going on outside...I definitely will try again as I expect that this was an anomaly.
1	I wanted beer and pizza one night and this place was recommended by a friend. I will never go back there. My beer was warm. My waiter couldn't give me any advice about their beer list and the pizza was burnt. Nothing worse than burnt cheese and pepperoni. We had also ordered loaded fries which were just okay, however, our order for them came after we had finished half the pizza. When I asked the man who brought us our pizza he said in a really defensive way that he was simply the pizza guy and didn't know a thing about the fries. I would not recommend this place. Ever. Bad food. Bad service.
4	Still really pleased with Caliente. Great food and drink specials, food is always good. Service has been fine with a few stars in the server lineup. Good selection of bottles and drafts, food and drink prices all very reasonable.But what is up with the super slippery wood floor in the back? I kinda feel like I'm ice skating back there.
5	Let me start by saying I love beer. I love beer not in the "yeah I drink KBS when it comes around" way, I love beer in the "I trade, travel for, and cellar some of the rarest beer in the world" way. Fuss if you will about the food, that's subject to opinion, but fussing about the beer here is asinine.Your glass smelled of bleach? Say something, I've never had an experience here where they wouldn't correct it! Your beer was too expensive for a small pour? Do your research. Those beers are very difficult to acquire, the kegs are extremely expensive, and typically the bar owners take a small margin just to be able to offer said beers at their establishment. In addition, most of those beers are very high in ABV, so it's responsible serving to not give 16oz of an 11% beer to customers.I moved here from Philly (consistently rated one of the top beer cities in America), and it was extremely hard to find the rarer beers in Pittsburgh. Establishments like Caliente and a handful of others are bringing credibility to the craft beer community in Pittsburgh. The first day I walked in I breathed a long sigh of relief and thought, "damn, I'm home".As for the food, I can't speak of the delivery as I always go in to enjoy my food with a beer. The pizza has always been properly cooked, and the other Pittsburgh standards of fried foods and rolls are pretty spot on. I don't go there to get a charcuterie and roast leg of lamb, I go there for solid wings and a world class beer. I really couldn't ask for more of a craft beer bar in Pittsburgh.Last, I've had the opportunity to get to know the owners during my visits in the past year. If you see something wrong, think something is off, or are generally displeased, just tell them. Write your review, that's cool, but have the courtesy to let the business owner know so they can right the wrongs. Turns out they're really normal, nice people.
3	Don't get me wrong, this place keeps its kitchen open til 2AM, and I appreciate it, but they don't have a single inexpensive, decent beer on tap, their bottles are over-priced, and you pay for the kitchen's extra hours. Pizza is good--a three and a half star pie. The yeungling battered fish sandwich is really good, maybe even five star, but you'd want to pay about $1.50 less for it from a bar with a slighlty less corporate/chain atmosphere. Applebee's isn't the standard people!
4	My bf and I stopped by here to grab a bite to eat since it's apparently the only place in the area open past 11. Atmosphere is pretty chill. The food was amazing and the beer selection was impressive. I got the bbq chicken pizza and loaded fries (just Ok). My boyfriend got the steak and cheese pizza which was amazing.  Our waiter was nice but it was evident that he was ready to go home.  Definitely would come back here.Pay in cash if you can...I witnessed unsafe handling of credit cards. Waiter left a credit card on the table and walked away from it!  #Yikes
1	I went to get a pizza for take and was generally ignored while trying to give my name to the waitress to see if my order was ready.  When it did come out there was a hoagie with it which I did not order.  I tried to say something but she basically tossed the pizza at me and then walked away while ignoring my "excuse me"n attempts.  I tried to follow her and it was like she was rushing away from me.  She went back behind the bar and just starting playing with her phone while I had to yell MISS!  Then she tried to take my pizza away and I had to tell her I didn't order the hoagie.  I handed it to her and she just tossed it on the counter and said she didn't know who's it was.  Then when I got home my pizza was cold...not just warm...cold.  I won't be back and I feel bad for whoever's hoagie that was.
4	I am rating this for eat in only. The pizza was awesome!! The loaded fries not so much, it was a very small serving and just bland. We had plenty of drink refills and ate downstairs during a planned event. I gave it a 4 based on the fact that one menu item was great and the other not. I would like to try it again but skipping the fries.
2	I'm sad to write this review, because I'm actually obsessed with Caliente's Hawaiian pizza, but the service is so bad I feel that I can no longer give them my business! Every time I order I get the same thing-- and that's pretty frequent (don't judge) and every time I call and order they tell me it will be 45 minutes.... and every time it is late. Last time, the woman who delivered it told me they dropped it and didn't want to give me a bad product-- ok fair. But, why wouldn't you let me know that or give me some sort of discount since it was so late? If that was the only time this sort of thing happened, I would give them a pass, but they are always late and the one time I went into the actual establishment the service was slow and inattentive as well. Maybe it's a training problem... a hiring problem?Pros:+Pizza is GOODCons:-Slow inattentive service-Slow delivery-general lack of concern about the happiness of their patrons
4	Like this little place a whole bunch!! Always interesting and unique beers. And, although we've never done anything else, the pizza is honest and well prepared. Not sure why they don't rate better in the "best of" rankings. This is a simple neighborhood bar with friendly staff and reliable food. Can be a bit noisy and crowded. But if you get here early and stay through "the game", you're sure to have a good time!!
3	I go back and forth on Caliente. On one hand, it has one of the best draft lists in the immediate area. On the other? The service, pricing, and food leave something to be desired. The good first. Caliente's draft list is awesome, and I've really enjoyed my visits to the basement bar (open weekends). It's a very different feel than the upstairs bar and restaurant, which lacks any sort of atmosphere. Caliente's Happy Hour deals are fantastic--from 4:30 to 6:30 on weekdays the drafts are half off! After Happy Hour, my issues with Caliente outweigh the positives. First off, the service is nonexistent. I can't blame this on the staff itself, I the place seems severely understaffed. Every time I've visited, servers are running around trying to help everyone out, and in the end, it takes about double the time to place orders or get drinks. I don't mean this as a cheapskate, but I've found some of the pricing on the draft list to be off. Last night, the always awesome Big Hop was on tap for $6.50... for a smaller goblet. That's a hard pill to swallow, since you can walk across the street to Lot 17 for a $5-6 Big Hop in a pint glass. I do understand the high price for many of the rare beers, but this just seemed fishy to me. I've eaten in several times, and everything has been meh. I mean, it's bar food, so nothing fancy, but I'd rather get a pie down the street. I recommend visiting Caliente for Happy Hour, getting an order of the Buffalo Fries, and allowing plenty of time for the slow service.
2	Their pizza is pretty good and they have a great beer selection, but be prepared to wait over hour and a half to get your delivery order... Every time... Even when you live less than 2 miles away.  Absolutely ridiculous.
2	Not a fan...I've ordered delivery from here (with coworkers) several times since I work late nights.  The food has never been anything to rave over in my opinion. The last time we ordered, we received half of a pizza that we didn't order.  It might have been fine if it was a whole pizza for free, but it was peculiar.  Additionally,  they always forget the ranch...  If you love hot wings with ranch,  and don't have any ranch...  The wings become pointless. Also, one of the 'grubhub' drivers isn't very nice. Not sure of her name, but she drives a green car. Bottom line- it's open late, they have a lot of options on the menu, and they deliver. We only keep giving chances due to the above.
4	The pizza here is great, delicious and a good price. Sometimes the service lacks because it is also a bar (which I also enjoy) but when you come for dinner or the happy hour pizza you have to wait longer than expected.
2	Ate at new Allison Park location this evening. Draft beer selection was good, beer was barely above luke warm. Bottle beer selection is great, only if you like IPA's..which I do. Pizza and bread for sandwiches, TOP NOTCH. Prices...WAY TOO MUCH, most likely our first and last trip despite the tremendous service.
4	I have bee nmeaning to review Caliente for a long time now. I has been my boozer of choice since I moved to Bloomfield almost a year and a half ago. It was actually one of the first local businesses I patronized following my move.The bar is small. A few seats and tables with a larger raised section at the back. The space is small and the bodies pack in during peak hours. The big focal point, besides the myriad of beer signs from over a hundred different breweries from around the nation and globe, are the chalk walls. The first holds the draft list and usually a cool piece of seasonal chalk art. The back wall has a very VERY cool piece of chalk art depicting the storefront and surrounding buildings on Liberty Ave.The service is usually top notch. I tend to go on Tuesdays (cause I am a secret karaoke whore) and see Angie. Angie is a peach. Always quick with a smile and a drink. On a side note she was also first runner up for a best bartender in the Burgh competition this past year. There is a small downside though. The management seems to never schedule an appropriate amount of staff, so during volume you can face a bit of a wait, unless you become a regular, then you get taken care of.The food here is bombtastic to boot. Pizzas are incredible, my favorite being the spinach and feta. My all time favorite item on the menu is the Italian Sub. The col cuts are great, the cheese is awesome, the veggies are fresh and crisp and it is all contained by a chewy crusty sub roll. Also, kitchen is open till 2 so big plus for me.The biggest reason I love Caliente is their beer selection. To have one of the biggest and most eclectic selections in all of Pittsburgh and literal stumble (long story involving way too much North Coast Old Rasputin and Fireball) from my front door is truly a double edged sword. The bar features about 20 constantly rotating taps with the worst beer being Yuengling. They also have a very nice bottle selection to boot. The beers come in appropriate glassware, which is unique. Most bars have pints and maybe snifters but Caliente had pislners, snifters, tulips, and goblets. The only drawback is that I find the drafts to be a little over priced.Like the Toby Keith song, I love this bar. It is quick, convenient, and fun. It only loses a star for being a hair overpriced and understaffed. Neither of these will keep me from going back again and again.
