5	A do-not miss fun (my favorite, for years) attraction during Christmas time, for charity. This is probably the busiest of all the Holiday attractions that I've reviewed; especially the closer it gets to December 25th. But you can tell how busy, when you try to find a parking space.Chances are, there will be a line to pay the entrance fee. To your left, inside, there is a ginger bread house display (raffles) inside along with a performance and a concession stand. Outside, there are things to do for the kids. A few times there was a super slide. Sometimes there will be a fire truck or a police car- kids love it. Towards Oakey, there are other little snack stands ranging from funnel cakes, hot cocoa, pizza, etc.  (The porta-potties are to the far left- close to Oakey.) Usually, there is a line to walk through the Christmas Displays (the main attraction). It will be slow- there are many kids here and most likely the parents will take pictures of their little ones. The Christmas trees have many different themes, as there are many companies that sponsor this event. It's neat to see how creative the decorations/display can be (like the company will use whatever is in their field- culinary will use utensils). And to see the ones that have been around for years. (My favorite tree of all time is the one covered in teddy bears from top to bottom- I still have a picture of it.) Keep in mind, due to the large crowd, you will get bumped several times; a warning for those of you who like your personal space. Upon exiting, visit the tiny gift shop with mostly over-priced trinkets and treasures. Sometimes you can find something reasonable.
5	This is our favorite place to attend during the Christmas holidays.  The displays are beautiful.  Different companies sponsor a tree to decorate representing their business, which they all get creative.  1/2 way through the Magical Forest the fire department has a display and you can ring the fire bell which my daughter loves to do every year.  There are so many photo opportunities here.  The train ride is awesome and a hit with the kids.  They added pee wee golf which we really enjoyed.  There is a carasoul, slide, maze and of course the best part -  Santa's workshop with Santa Claus.  I love that the fire department and the paramedics are there which they allow you to go on board to look at them.  They also have music entertainment where you can sit drink hot cocoa and listen to it.I highly recommend going early in the season and try to avoid the weekends if at all possible.   If you have never been to Magical Forest - you need to do so!
5	This time of year, I get a little warm and fuzzy feelings. Part of it is stepping into the warmth from the cold & part of it's that holiday thing - the decoration everywhere in the city, the scents(pine trees & spiced pumpkin latte), and the whole seasonal ambiance... :)  Sadly,,, we hardly get snow in the valley to feel the holiday spirit, but there are some ways that you can enjoy and share the ultimate holiday memories for both you and your family. This year I got a free ticket to go see the 'Magical Forest' from doing the 'Las Vegas Great Santa Run 2010'@ Town Suare(picture included). Go see the great Christmas decorations, eat some sweet funnel cakes & hot coco, and get the balloon animals for your kids, get some fun rides, & take a bunch of memorable pictures with your friends and family :) I am pretty sure that everyone's busy this time of the year, but If you want to help someone sincerely, you can effortlessly make charity contributions by just going to see the event!  You will feel good knowing that the ticket you are purchasing will go to people in need. It is open nightly at 5:30pm till January 1st, 2011(closing Sundays) on Thursdays at 9pm and at 10pm on Fridays and Saturdays. It might get chilly at night, so I highly suggest that you should wear the warm coats and scarves, gloves, & hats.,layering is a good idea! December is filled with lots of fun Holidays.  I hope many people put this **Magical forest** as a thing to do in their lists.  Happy Holidays!!!
5	THIS PLACE KILLED THE GRINCH INSIDE ME!Came here with the yelp-izzles last week and had a blast. We looked at the gingerbread houses, ate some funnel cake while sippin on some hot chocolate, walked past some rides, and did a bunch of funny poses for some crazy pics!Thanks for the ticket Sun M!!
5	This is easily the best Christmas experience we have in the valley. I remember when I first moved to Vegas more than a decade ago. My Aunt kept telling me about some Magical Forest / Opportunity Village something or other. I finally made it out last year and again this year.The time and effort that must go into setting it all up is really quite amazing. Granted, I noticed that a lot of things haven't changed from last year, but that doesn't take anything away from how great it is. The actual "forest" walkthrough part is the main event. For those brief minutes, you're transported away from the blahs of every day life. Actually, I'm not sure how long it takes to walk through. You could probably spend half an hour in there looking at everything. The train ride that cuts through the forest is a nice touch.The rest of the area is filled with various kiddie rides, photo opportunities, and food vendors. Funnel cake anyone? OK so the funnel cake isn't as good as [insert your favorite theme park here], but you just can't resist getting it anyway. Aside from the train ride, there are attractions like a carousel and a giant slide. This year, they've added a putt-putt course and a straw maze.Magical Forest is definitely a great family night out. Contrary to Antoine Dodson's advice, I say... Bring ya wife! Bring ya kids!p.s. Totally ran into Reggie M and Teri C inside the forest! When I checked in, I saw that they had checked in. That was a nice coincidence.
5	Opportunity Village's Magical Forest is in full force in its 19th year of celebration.  (Sadly, it's the first year I've even heard of it!)  A whole village is covered with lights and decorated with donated holiday items that is very family-friendly!You can take an easy walk through the Magical Forest to admire the holiday spirit, ride the Forest Express passenger train, visit Santa Claus, ride Cheyenne's Enchanted Carousel, ride the Alpine Slide, get lost in the Magical Maze, play a round of miniature golf at Frosty's Mini Golf Course, and enjoy funnel cakes ($4) and hot cocoa ($1.50) from the Gift Box Cafe while enjoying the local talents.  Kids can sit in an ambulance and climb into a firetruck!  You can purchase raffle tickets to put your bid in the gingerbread house competition.  We went the past Tuesday and it is very crowded!  The lines to purchase tickets were quite long already, so get there early!  (Those who participate in the recent Santa Run had complimentary tickets, but won't be able to use them from Dec 18-24.)  My personal favorites were the teddy bear display, the Cinderella carriage, and the Castle Forest.Be sure to visit the Gift Cabin on your way out!Restrooms on site are limited to porta pots, which aren't the most kid-friendly.  They should really try to get more handicap size ones so parents/guardians can accompany their children into them without being smashed into a regular size one, especially in the dark! Dress warmly!The 2010 Magical Forest is open from November 29, 2010 to January 1, 2011.  Sundays through Thursdays: 5:30 pm to 9 pmFridays and Saturdays: 5:30 pm to 10 pmTicket prices: Adult General Admission (12 and over): $9.75Child General Admission (3-11): $7.75Children (0-2): FreePassports include entry plus unlimited rides.Adult Passports: $16.25Child Passports: $14.25There are weekday promotional offers available: * Sundays: Senior Sunday - Forest guests 65 and over, receive $2 off the admission price* Mondays: Family Night - Receive one free child admission (ages 3-12) with the purchase of one full price adult admission.* Tuesdays: Heroes Night - Guests with active military, fire, police or emergency personnel ID will receive free general admission for themselves and one guest.* Wednesdays: Different promotion every week - College Night, CCSD Employee Night, State Employee Night, Scout Night, Casino Employee Night* Thursdays: Thrifty Thursdays - Bring a bag of donations for the Opportunity Village Thrifty store and receive $2 off general admission.All proceeds from the Magical Forest will benefit people with disabilities at Opportunity Village.
1	For a great cause but will not be returning...I was so excited to go to the Magical Forest for a great holiday experience but was greatly disappointed.  Too many people crammed into one space, lack of organization, and a forced Christmas spirit with glorified advertisements as decorations (who wants a picture with that?).The 'magical forest' walk through was way too crowded, they need to take control of the crowd to handle the volume of people. They should only let a certain number of people in 'the forest' at a time with timed space between each group, as it  would avoid the congestion and claustrophobia.  I realize people want to take pictures and let their kids wander, but it's very hard to do when you have 50 people behind you breathing down your neck,  it felt like cattle herding.  I will be looking somewhere else for my Christmas cheer, as I do not need to experience the feeling of a 'Black Friday crowd' twice in one season, and certainly do not want to be leaving as a Grinch.
4	It can be tough to get in the Christmas spirit when you live in the desert and the temps hover around sixty degrees. But, this place will help your hohoho on. There are plenty of xmas lights and displays around to get you in to the holiday mood. The magical forest part is a walkway with sponsored xmas scenes featuring everything from Santa to Snoopy to polar bears to recycle bins. The recycle bins were part of the Republic Services display and I'm not sure if the bins were intentionally placed there to be used as trash bins, but that's what they were being used for. There are also some attractions for kids -- a mini train that meanders through the magical forest, a three lane slide that's a good two stories high, a maze, and a carousel. In order to take part in any of those, you'll have to buy tickets or a wristband ($7) for unlimited access. There are plenty of great photo ops around, so if you're looking for that perfect pic to send out holiday post cards to your friends and family this is the spot to do it.
5	My son and I had a blast at the Magic Forest. Just being there put us the spirit as we walked around since we were in preparation of going home to spend the holidays with family. He was a little annoyed because I kept stopping to take some pictures. Just being there reminded us why our family is the most important to us next to God. The price was just right since we are residents. We bought the wrist bands so that we could enjoy and do all the activities there without breaking the bank. We golfed, we rode the Magical Train, went through the Maze, and got hot cocoa with funnel cake and hot dogs. Check out the pics.
5	First time there in years and my daughter loved it! She loved how the lights were everywhere and especially the express train. I also liked how you can take pictures with santa. Everyone was friendly and helpful there too! we will definitly be returning next year :)
5	sweet and nice!!
5	Info:GA - $9.75Children (13 and under) - $7.75Children (under 3) - free*All proceeds benefit people with disabilities at Opportunity VillageI came here with Don on opening night this year. It was actually a surprise and I told him to cover his eyes until we got to the "forest" pathway. He was pretty blown away once I revealed where we were. All the decorations and lights really take you away and make you feel like you're in a winter wonderland. It was November 23rd and I seriously felt like it was Christmas Eve. You can tell there is so much time and work put into creating the forest for the public. It has some of the best lighting arrangements I've ever seen. When you stroll down the pathway, you'll notice logos of sponsors on different setups. There was even an interactive Blue Man Group setup where we were able to play a Christmas song on the plastic tubes. Once you finish the walk through you can check out the rides, eat some snacks, or even play mini golf. We just checked out some of the little stands, took whiffs of some dessert scented candles, and sipped on some delicious hot chocolate. I was actually really looking forward to the zipline they were going to have this year, but I guess they decided not to put it in because they even deleted the info about it on their website. I can see that being dangerous though. Someone could've gotten kicked in the head by a ziplining Santa or something.  This is probably one of the best Winter/Christmas experiences in Vegas, especially for the price. I highly recommend checking it out if you haven't already. Tips*Take your time strolling down the forest and looking at all the arrangements, otherwise it'll end very quickly*Take lots of pics!!
5	Amazing set up this year! They did such a good job! Everyone should go and support this charity.
5	I have heard about the Magical Forest for years and I never went.  I got a ticket for the Forest at this year's Great Las Vegas Santa Run and decided this was something I had to check out.I went two nights ago at 8 PM--time for the youngest ones to be home or on their way home.  It was a cold night and attendance was small.  I have seen video on the news of the Forest, but it has so much more impact when you're there in person.I did a slow walk around the grounds and enjoyed the lights, the music, the creativity of the displays, and of course, the people watching.  Everyone seemed to be in a great mood, almost festive, and this added to the enjoyment.I will be returning next year as I put this on my list of to do things for the holidays.  It certainly is a nice way to spend some time enjoying the lights and the other decorations and the proceeds go to a great cause--Opportunity Village.
4	I have experienced the Magical Forest a total of three times. All three times have been with different groups of people. This year I went with my boyfriend. I wavered between giving the Magical Forest 3 or 4 stars, but I am indeed a fan of charities and even if my opinions of Opportunity Village may be less than most people, I don't mind giving out some money for a holiday treat to a local place, rather than some random conglomerate holiday activity. I was disappointed because I didn't see a Charlie Brown Christmas display this year, but there was a Coca Cola Bear display which I very much enjoyed. However, it was hard to really enjoy the forest because there were SO MANY PEOPLE. It was just very crowded. I was getting run over by strollers constantly. I realize it's a family environment, but a lot of parents just don't control their children very well.Overall it's something different to do. It will make you have holiday cheer. So if that's what you're looking for than the Magical Forest is a good place for you.
2	My family has been coming here for the past 3 years now. What we've made a holiday tradition may be coming to an end. Dun dun dun. We came here on the Wednesday before Christmas close to the opening time and let me tell you, BUY YOUR TICKETS ONLINE! The line to buy tickets gets ridiculous so save yourself the headache and book in advance. The prices seem to have gone up with the popularity of this place so for 2 adults and one child, it was about $27. Kids under 3 are free to enter.We get in and figure we'd go on the train before it gets too busy. One gets a flat tire so the line comes to a stand still. We have two children and so far with the admission and now this, they've been standing in a line for 40 minutes. If you've ever met a 20 month old toddler, you know this is no easy feat. We get on the train (3 tickets to ride = $1/ticket) which is super cool and what not but arguably not worth another $9 and 20 minutes (wait) of my time. We then check out the firetruck, ambulance, and gingerbread display. Now what? Let's go into the magical forest!Oh wait.... They had to shut it down for 30 minutes to light a candle for the last day of Hanukkah so now there is a 1 hour line to walk through the forest. So... we left. ~$40 for 1.5 hours of play with half waiting in line. No thanks. My husband was not a happy guy upon leaving, but when I told him that all the money goes to Opportunity Village, and then explained the charity, he was more forgiving. We may give it another try next year but my tip is, stay away during the last week of Christmas unless you love crowds, rubbing shoulders with strangers, and waiting in lines.
4	I love looking at Christmas lights.Actually, I have a rather weird fascination with Christmas lights.  The more spectacular and ridiculous, the better.  I endeavor to make my own yard the height of lunacy with lights, but the ground is so hard and in dire need of being tilled, that I simply gave up on the dream this year.At least there's the Magical Forest.This is the first year I've heard of it, and that was through some Yelp commentary.  It's a rather cheery little Christmas attraction filled with hot cocoa (a lifesaver on that cold night), a few rides for the kiddies, and the titular forest.The forest itself was genuinely very bright and longer than I expected.  There were plenty of different ideas and set-ups (I did chuckle at the Phantom of the Opera bears).  It was nice walking through while the little Christmas train holding waving kids and parents would occasionally zip by.  It all felt very festive.From what I could tell, the majority of these displays were generous donations by corporate sponsors and the like.  And that's all well and good.  But I do wish that the designs themselves put MINIMAL focus on "This display was donated by such and such".  Charlie Brown was right: Christmas seems far too commercial these days, and I'd just rather see a nice anonymous set-up (or just one sign with all the sponsors listed) instead of seeing that the particular display in front of me was donated by the local liquor store.  Just a thought, folks.  It's the season of giving, not shilling. But it's hard to be too terribly cynical when the proceeds go to Opportunity Village, which is turns uses the money to benefit people who really need it.  THAT'S what the season should be about, and ultimately, that's what this place does.  You get a lot of time and effort put into a large number of great displays, AND you get to help other people.  For me, that's a total win-win scenario.For a Christmas event, it's a lot of fun, and I'm glad it's here for Vegas locals to do.  Even if you're feeling a little blue for the season, it's cheery vibe does work some wonders on getting you in the spirit of the moment.Definitely worth a look if you've never been.
5	Definitely a very jubilant place to be. All the money goes to a good cause. Lots of things to do, especially for kids - would recommend.
5	This is the best place to go during the holidays with kids.  We missed the big slide this year but had lots of fun in the Fun House and other new additions. I read something about a "seasons" pass but when I inquired back in early December, they said they were no longer selling it... would like to see that next year.
5	My first winter in Las Vegas, alone with my little boy while his dad was on the other side of the world. This helped us get into the holiday spirit, this will be a part of our family's christmas tradition every year that we live in Veas!
5	It truly is MAGICAL! It's so nice to see so many people and organizations supporting such a good cause! I love everything Christmas! The more lights and decor the better! And this place has millions of lights, Santa's, reindeer, polar bears, gingerbread houses, hot coco, food, a train ride through the forest, a carousel, holiday music and much more! It was beautiful! I really enjoyed wandering the forest and seeing all the festive themes and creative decorations. I suggest dressing warm and buying tickets online so you don't have to wait. Parking is free, and I did notice they have a valet. My only regret is I didn't ride the train. However, I did kick my brothers ass racing down the slide. This is a serious must for the holiday season! Bring the kids!
5	WTF NO MEXICAN SANTAS?! I am sooo enraged! No Mexican Santas?! Sheesh, what is this world coming to! Mexicans viva la raza!All jokes aside, this place is really awesome! I dont give a crap if theres a purple Santa or an illegal alien santa the work that went into this amazing event thing is great! Its truly beautiful and shows how great our community can be! Upon walking in my son, not-mom-mom, and I were all enthralled! AHHH LIGHTS! We stopped and snapped a quick photo and went in and purchased our tickets. I opted for the "passport" for my son 15.50$ for entry and ride band and did plain 11$ gen admish for us. The adults passport is 17$ and I was like, nah! So off we went! We were greeted by Mickey and Minnie and stopped for another quick photo then went on to walk through all the twinkling lights! I dont know about y'all but I LOVE CHRISTMAS LIGHTS! I love the LED ones especially and there were plenty here! I was just soo excited to see the thousands of lights!I love how they have many different themes here! There were various themed trees donated by different orgs/places and I thought they were all amazing! I loved the "tie tree" and the tree that was pink with cupcakes! I think I may need to change my tree to a white one this year! There was even one with chones! Silly!The lights are awesome, I cannot rave enough about them! They also have a giant polar bear and cub that are suuuuper cute! My son loved it here, but he doesnt look up to Santa, or even Beyonce, his idol is Albert Einstein and Benjamin Franklin... for reasons I have no idea, perhaps bc theyre white. JUST KIDDING. But legit, theyre his idols!Soooo take your time walking and snapping photos, otherwise you will have a short trip! My son was wayy too excited, but was some-what patient with me. So we finished looking at all the lights and trees and went off to the rides...Now theres only a carousel, train, 3d maze, and giant slide. I figured wth, why not its going to a good cause! My son went on the carousel and the nice dude said I could go along even though I didnt have a band, I thanked him and declined bc I wanted to take photos! We then went to the slide, and my son legit went on this like 200 times! I circular inner tube atop a 13 foot slide?! Uhh he loved it! We then had a cocoa break, 2$ for a cip with whipped cream, twas ok, and some popcorn at 1.50$ per bag!Our next stop was the train, now we came on a Monday so it wasnt super packed, SCORE! So we stood in line and I walked in with my son. Now I figured since it was dead I would just be able to ride with... NOPE! The lady wouldnt let me!! My son is 6 and VERY independent, so he didnt care, but I was a little irritated! She didnt even ask if I wanted to stand there and wait.... unlike the other parents were! Oh well! Off to the 3d maze, again he went though it like 10 times, and another 20 turns on the slide. In between all this you can have your photo taken with santa (10$ for 4 wallets or 2 3x5 or 1 5x7 or an emailed photo)  check out the giant lit tree that does have a light show, or sit and relax to some almonds! I recommend going on a weekday as it gets extremely busy on the weekends! Also, each "ride" is about 3 tickets that are 1$ each, so you may as well buy the dang band! CHARGE YOUR CAMERA AND PHONE! Also, parking is easy peasy and free!! YAY!! Cant wait to go again and better prepared!!
5	Opportunity Village/ Magical Forest truly brings Christmas to the desert. Even if you don't like donating money to help the disabled, you will want to come and see the Christmas festivities.The lights are all professionally done and well lite. The armband is the best way to go as you can ride on all the rides as well as play Golf. Make sure to ride the train otherwise you'll miss alot of cool hidden trees and lights.Mini golf there was fun but we were overrun by hoards of kids who we're playing a lot faster than us. The daughter even got hit in the head by a flying club thrown by 1 of those kids.Just hope parents are doing a better job of disciplining when you visit.All in all it's a wonderful place to visit and it's highly recommended for all age groups.
5	Tip 1: Purchase tickets ONLINE before arriving!! Can't stress that enough! This year the online tickets aren't for any specific date, so it's definitely a must. There is a separate line for those that already have tickets, so you'll be getting in that line, and it beats the long line of those waiting to buy tickets there. There is a service fee to buy tickets online ($1.50), but it is worth it.Tip 2: Arrive at 5pm! The main gates actually open at 10-15 minutes before 5:30pm, and you stand in another line where they scan your ticket. Plus, you'll get a better parking spot. We had the 2nd row. Easy peasy.Tip 3: Go straight to the rides as soon as you enter (that is, if you are planning on going on the rides). Walk past and around the magical forest entrance as you enter and head to the train ride, then the slide, then the carousel. Maybe it's just me, but children's rides seem so much more fun when there is no wait...Tip 4: DRESS WARM!! I saw people in flip flops and skimpy "hot" clothes. It is COLD! Appropriately dressed = happy family.The people working there were so nice, it is definitely a must do for the Christmas season. I'm not a fan on someone or some company telling their employees to volunteer, but I saw a bunch of volunteers from FedEx manning the slide, and they seemed genuinely happy to be there. They were so friendly and helpful!!The magical forest is so beautiful and they did a fantastic job with the lights. I also liked the police presence there, it gives a sense of security while enjoying the lights.
5	I love the Magical Forest! All proceeds go to Opportunity Village to help disabled residents.Tickets are 11$ for adults, but it's worth it! Companies from all over the valley get a tree, and decorate it. There are lights everywhere, and it looks amazing! This year they put in a slid that looks like a snowy hill, and a huge peppermint dragon! Santa is here also for pictures, but you have to pay extra for that. Cookies made right there are available, and so is hot chocolate. Depending on when you go you can see performances by schools, contests for gingerbread houses, and plays. It's great for all ages! And the best part is you will be supporting a local charity.
5	The Magical Forest is great! My daughter is almost three and this is the second year we have gone to the Magical Forest. My daughter loves all the lights and the "choo-choo" train. I feel like this might become a family tradition. :-)
5	Hands down I love this place. I have been to the Magical Forest for the last two years and as long as I live in Las Vegas, I will go every year.CSN is converted once a year by volunteers and local businesses into a galaxy of Christmas Awesomeness.There is the magical forest to walk through where you can see each different set ups of decorations and magical delights. After you walk through, there are plenty of food booths offering warm, freshly popped popcorn, cotton candy on light up sticks, warm hot cocoa, kettle corn, roasted and sweetened nuts.This year on the night we went, they had a  tent set up with some kind of talent show where they had local flavor. Some not so good, some very good but every one was in the spirit of things. They also had local firefighters and a fire truck for the kids to explore on. There are plenty of games to play. Not to mention the train that travels throughout the magical forest and the carousel.My only advice is pay the convenience fee of $1.50 and purchase your tickets on-line. Also bundle up. You want to stay warm so you can stay and enjoy all the magic of Christmas.
5	For the past five years or so, the Magical Forest at Opportunity Village has been one of the highlights of the holiday season.  It's now an annual tradition for my friends and I to go here, eat funnel cake, drink hot cocoa, walk through the forest, and pose in a photo with Santa.  Year to year it seems like the majority of the forest stays the same, but that's not a bad thing.  Volunteers are wandering around in costume, there are rides and games (including mini golf!), gingerbread houses, trees, lights, everything that you think of (and more!) that make you think of the holidays.  There is even a train that goes through the forest if you prefer to ride through it instead of walk.  All of this makes for a ton of photo ops with you and your friends.  Good luck coming here and not spending the whole time smiling.Will I be going back next year?  You bet.  What am I going to do here?  Eat funnel cake, drink hot cocoa, walk through the forest, and pose in a photo with Santa.
5	This was a great place to bring the kids!  All of the decorations and lights definitely got everybody in the Christmas spirit.  The hot cocoa and funnel cake were a perfect pairing to warm me up on a cold night.  The kids loved the train ride!  I think we will be making this a Christmas tradition!
4	We went again and experienced the beauty of Magical Forest with 100's of others.  I love the place but waiting in line to get in to the place for 45 minutues with three kids under 6 years old and then to have to wait another 30 minutes for the train and then another 30 minutues to get into the forest area - there was too much stress involved for my family.  I do have to say I loved what they did to recognize the students and teachers who lost their lives, very touching.  We got to enjoy some music and great exhibits in spite of the cold a crowd.  I will come back again and again but I will plan it early in their opening days instead of so close to Christmas.  I highly recommend everyone who hasn't been to go.l
5	I've visited this place numerous times over the year. The Magical Forest is always a magical experience.Highly recommended! Dress warm as it can get chilly out there.
5	There's no Christmas season that I don't visit the Magical Forest. This is better than a drive to see Christmas lights at the racetrack and I love the volunteers who come out to this venue (helllllooooo firemen!). Rides are basic and good entertainment for the very young ones. Don't expect the kids above 10 to be thrilled.I wish they had more concessions and I think the Magical Forest should sell sweat shirts and hats because I saw an opportunity to make some money off scantily clad visitors who had poor wardrobe planning.
4	It's magical! It's a forest! It's the Magical Forest! Opportunity Village (OV) organises, produces, and benefits from the Magic Forest, held every year on November and December for the so-called extended holiday season. The forest itself is cool. I mean, fuck, it is kinda cold here. It can feel cold if you are not used to being outside. (Why don't people go outside anymore?) The trees were plentiful. Where was the Penn & Teller (Penn Jillette) tree though?  The Blue Man Group 'tree' seemed to be the most interactive and sensorily drawing. Caesar's Group seemed to have the most real estate leased from OV for their installments. Every corporation/company involved with sponsoring this event deserves recognition, but I only have so much time (and available characters). Take the time to walk the entire forest; think of MF as a freebie that is given for donating to the parent charitable organisation. - E
4	This place is amazing. My kids absolutely loved it. They loved the train, the inner tubing, carousel, mini golf, etc. all of the christmas trees and decorations they had were so beautiful. I wish it was a little cheaper though.
5	I absolutely love this place.  It has become a tradition.We paid $20 for the wristband, which included the entry fee and all the rides.  The forest is my favorite.  It's fun to look at all the lights and decorations and see who has donated them.  You can also take the train through the forest (I like to do both).I didn't go last year unfortunately, but I did notice a few changes this year.  The slide is no longer a traditional potato-sack ride, but this time you ride in a tire.  It was way more fun this way.  They also have a carousel as usual, but this year they had a shooting game, a 3D maze, a mini pedal course, and a mini golf course, which I have never seen before.  I like the additions, it gives us a little more to do.Make sure to get a hot chocolate and a funnel cake!  Oh & go inside and watch the performances.I love how all the money is donated & everyone is a volunteer.  Feels good coming here.  Bundle up because it gets extremely cold.
4	Last night my wife, son (4), daughter (2), and myself ventured into the Magical Forest. We just moved to the area in August so this was our first time in this enchanted wonderland of lit trees. We bought our tickets online, so no wait (I highly recommend this). We walked right into the park. Our first adventure was through the Magical Forest to look at the lights. My son absolutely loved it, but could not get his mind off the pretty cool looking train that kept passing by and blowing its whistle. This is where the Magical Forest lost their five star rating for me. In order to ride any of the rides you must by tickets (unless you have a wristband). I did not mind buying the tickets but I do believe that Opportunity Village should make sure their volunteers understand the policies in their own park. I wanted to buy tickets for our whole family to ride the train and for my son to ride the carousel. He told me I would need four tickets for the train and two for the carousel because if I got on with him to make sure he did not fall off his hours it would cost me a ticket two. So, we go on the train, it was great, short, but pretty cool none the less. Then we walk over to the carousel, interestingly guess how many tickets are required to ride the carousel? Zero, Zip, Nada. We were never even asked for tickets. So, now I have bought two tickets I do not need. It is for a good cause so I am okay with the money part, just wish I wasn't give incorrect information to begin with. Each ticket is $3, so for someone who can barely afford to bring their kid here $6 could have been a big deal. Nevertheless, my wife and son went through the Boris the Elf 3D Adventure and it was apparently pretty awesome. I would recommend a visit to this Magical Forest.
2	I've been coming here for the past 6 years with my daughter and have made it a tradition to see Santa. It's the main reason for going to the Magical Forest for my family. My one major complaint about this year, which will stop me from ever going back, is the change in seeing Santa, from years past. Opportunity Village has now hired an outside company (I assume because I don't remember them using a different company in years past) for photos with Santa. The pictures for purchase have always been around $10 for a 5x7 and you have always been allowed to also take as many pictures as you want with your own camera. This year that entire policy has changed. They now charge $16 for a single 5x7 and an additional $9 for any more prints you want. You can no longer take photos with your own camera. And the only reason they give, and how they justify the huge increase in price, is that it goes to "charity." No, the entry fee I paid ($40 for 3 ppl) goes to charity. Charity is not an excuse to massively over charge people. So after we get the pictures taken, and get rushed away from Santa, the girl showing the photos tells us that they can put multiple poses on the same print. So we order 2 sheets, and they end up charging us for 3. I noticed this after my wife paid, and brought it to the attention of the cashier. She apologized and did offer to make it right on the cost. At this point we've already spent $37 on pictures so I just opted to buy the USB with all 9 poses for $45. What a racket these guys have set up. Everything else was on par for the Magical Forest. The trees were nice as always, the lines were incredibly long as always as well. I was a little annoyed they closed a few of the rides early on a Sat night (3D ride and the race course) and they didn't check for tickets or wrist band on the carousel (why did we even bother with the wrist band for my daughter???). Over all, I will not be coming back here next year. What used to be a nice, reasonably priced, family tradition is now an hugely overpriced, crowded, pain in the butt. Guess Mall Santa will get our business next year. Too many other Christmas oriented things to do that won't cost you an arm and a leg, all in the name of "charity."
4	Presto!  Magic Forest!  This is a great Christmas activity to get you in the Christmas spirit.  We decided to go on Christmas Eve when they opened.  Parking was very simple and easy to get in and out.  There is a huge parking lot so there wouldn't be any issue finding a spot.  We had purchased our general admission tickets online so we could avoid waiting in their lines.  They actually weren't too bad when we had arrived so it wouldn't have been too huge of a deal.  There is a pathway with signage designating where the different attractions are located.  Since we don't have kids, we just wanted to walk through the beautifully lit 'forest'.  This is great as various businesses who wanted to sponsor a tree could do so and decorate it as they please.  There were many wonderfully creative ideas!  It was a nice walk with Christmas music playing for a cheerful display. They have various rides and attractions for the little ones ~ Carousel and slide to name a few.  There is also a Santa for children to visit and get their picture with.  This is a great place for parents to bring the family.Unfortunately there were a few vendors.  One in particular that roped us in with a free hot beverage.  Honestly I was chilly and a hot beverage sounded nice.  I didn't know it was going to be a high pressure sales pitch that I wish I had avoided.  It was a turn off and wished I didn't stop there.  Oh well.  On a high note, all of their proceeds are donated to the disabled residents of Opportunity Village.  I like that it is purely non profit...  especially around the holiday season.  Overall it is a wonderful Christmas attraction!
4	The Magical Forest has been a family tradition for 22 years...  We absolutely look forward to it and love it every year.  This year was a little disappointing in a couple of ways...  First, this place gets busier and busier by the year.  with that being said, I dont understand why each year the entry/wristband price increases.  It is extremely pricey, especially when you have a large family!  The most disappointing thing this year though was the price of the photos with Santa.  The quality was bad, the pictures were SO expensive, and Santa looked angry in our photo.  no smile, nothing.  what a rip off.  I get it that the money goes to charity, but how about make it reasonable?  also, we usually go early in December ~ we didnt make it until the 23rd this year and it was WAY TOO CROWDED!!  my advice, go earlier or after Christmas!   All in all, we love this place.  Just wish that they would be more reasonable on their prices.  oh, one more thing, 3 hours isnt long enough to see everything there is to see when the lines are 45 minutes to an hour long...  how about staying open until 10:00 even on the weeknights?  just a suggestion...  see you at the Forest next year!!
5	Great place for the kids. There is not much to do in Las Vegas. This place is a God sent
4	This was our very first time at the Magical Forest.  The staff from Opportunity Village were great, super friendly.  We visited the first weekend of December. We paid the $20 option, which included all the rides (carousel, mini golf, slide, train & mini racetrack bikes) and the beautifully decorated Magical Forest.  Its a great place to take the kids, we were with my bestfriend, her 7yr old and we had our 1yr old son and it was perfect for all of us.  We took pictures w/ Santa, paid $16 or so for a 5x7.  Since it was earlier in the month there wasn't a wait for pics w/ Santa which was great.  They snap a bunch of pics and you choose the one(s) you want from their computer.  We stopped in their little cafeteria area and bought a hot cocoa for $1.50.  It would have been a little nicer to have more vendor choices for food & drinks but all in all we had a wonderful time and we'll be sure to come back again next year.
2	Beautiful lighting....But verrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrry overpriced. I don't mind donating at all but geesh!!!
4	I've only been to Magical Forest twice, once during the 2012 season and the second visit was to volunteer for Yelp Helps week last month. My first visit was with a couple girlfriends and their daughters. I really enjoyed walking through the forest and taking photos of the beautiful lights. It was also a lot of fun taking the girls on rides like the train! It's definitely more exciting with children since it's more magical for them. The only attraction I really enjoyed was the gingerbread houses/buildings made by individuals and local companies.I only had a little time to venture during the volunteer event, but it was still beautiful and magical. I also enjoyed a funnel cake from the Gingerbread Cafe, yum!Bring the kids and bundle up! It gets really, really cold out there!! I would also recommend a light meal prior to your visit so you aren't subjected to all the "carnival food" and inflated prices. Oh, and don't forget water!Ticket Prices:Children: $9Adults: $11Passports (unlimited rides):Children: $17.99Adults: $19.99The season usually runs from the end of November (before Thanksgiving) until the beginning of January. The 2013 season was 11/22/13 through 01/06/14.Operating Hours:Sun-Thurs: 5:30-9:00pmFri-Sat: 5:30-10:00pm
5	A neat place to visit when you want to go some place different outside of the Las Vegas strip for the holidays. I've been here at least two times. I liked that I still felt the holiday spirit even though it was beginning of January (less crowded, which I liked a lot). Lots of pretty lights and creative decorations. They have rides for the little kids. Inside the building there was a cool display of gingerbread houses. I also enjoyed the indoor 3D maze, which I didn't know about. Good thing we walked around everywhere to make sure we didn't miss anything. The funnel cake was yummy
5	This place is beautiful with all the lights and decorations. My family was in town and took the kids there everyone had a great time. Job well done!!!
5	Something that's great to experience in the holiday season.  If you're going to come here just upgrade the ticket to ride the rides too.
5	I'm reviewing the Halloween magical forest. I took my kids yesterday, October 5, 2014.  I was very impressed with how much they had for the kids. The volunteers were so awesome and you can tell they just love the kids. We really enjoyed the train, 3D Maze, and inflatable haunted house, as well as the show and crafts, mini golf, and slide! We did it all. The kids, 6 and 9 years old had so much fun.
5	Every year to boost your kids into the American winter holiday spirit this is the place to kickstart the season!  Usually there are lines to buy your tickets and the prices include a few price tiers.  When you walk inside you are attacked with bright colors and lights and characters roaming.  The staff here are cheery enough to put Disneyland trainee academy to shame.  With soo many displays of yuletide festivity I could almost just barf.  Yet somehow when you see the kids faces and how much glee is simply bustling all over it strangely assimilates even the most jaded parent into a inner-childlike mood.  The train ride is a mandatory ticket purchase, if you are going the cheapo general admission ticket route.  Yet I strongly urge you to just go all out on your kids here and spring for the extra cash & get unlimited ride passes.  It goes to charity, anywhoo. You cheapo.  There is a super cool 3D funhouse that always brings me back to my raver days, lol.  There are the big fun slides and an excellent Carousel.  Get the hot cocoa and roasted chestnuts for tradition and it's colder in Vegas by now.  Take a picture on a premium Santa's lap.  There are so many other things happening here but I would have to say that you should find out for yourself.  If there ever was an amusement park that brought American X-mas to life it is the Magical Forest!
5	Just took kiddie to Halloween event. So happy I did. I'm really glad they started doing the forest for Halloween.  My daughter was in awe of the lights and music...I recommend just buying the bracelet for $20 cuz it gets you in door and unlimited rides. Otherwise it's $6 admission and $3 per ride. My daughter had to ride choo choose and carousel many times so well worth the bracelet and for a good charity. They get better every year. I liked the musician playing guitar in craft room and I hope they keep asking local artists to participate. Hint: let kids wear costume and they can trick or treat at stations
2	Lights were nice, we liked the walk with the Christmas trees. But $11 admission + $3 rides was pretty steep. I guess it was nice to see but I won't come back next year.
2	Way too expensive for what it is, beautiful but over $100 for a family of 4! There are so many other great (free) holiday events in Las Vegas, even if "some" of the proceeds go to charity it is just not worth the cost. If everyone stopped going they would have to lower the prices. Hey I have an idea, just donate  $10 (or what you can) to the charity and go to one of the many free events in the valley!
5	Fun place for the family. Lots of pretty Christmas lights and rides for the kiddies and adults.
5	Absolutely love this place. Wonderful for the kiddies, you won't regret it. It is our annual family tradition .
4	Beautifully decorated, great for kids, run by volunteers for an awesome cause. Very few dining options so eat before you go. Just a few rides/attractions: Avalanche slide, Boris 3D experience, carousel, and a train ride. Be prepared for extra long lines and dress warm
1	(THIS WAS TAKEN OFF BEFORE) TO ANYONE WHO READS THIS REVIEW: when you're paying into this company, you're money is going straight into the Linda Smith (owner) foundation where she spends most of the money that you "donated" on her lovely luxury cars and mansion, this place is an over glorified daycare for mentally disabled adults who are exploited for their labor (regardless of their disabilities) only to get paid in change while offering no discounts or benefits, forcing workers to walk (who don't know any better, mind you) who are forced to go walking in unbearable heat because Linda Smith doesn't want to pay for transportation for the people that she's supposedly helps, forcing them to pay for the bus that is suppose to take them straight to the magical forest site, this is a sweatshop disguised as a holiday tradition despite what day it is, it's an overpriced park for what it has to offer and the fees get larger every year
2	I am sooooo pleased to see that I am NOT the only one who thinks this place is over priced. I am also disappointed, if true, that the owner lives like a queen off of this place. Yesterday was the first time Ive gone to the Magical Forrest and I was surprised at the cost for the not so much it offers. The hot chocolate tasted like hot water with the color of chocolate, we asked for another. The slide should be bigger for what you pay. Not all is negative though. Besides the price, inside is really cute. And many opportunities to take cute family pictures.Just take plenty of spending money if you are going with more than one child.
2	Call me Scrooge if you must, but it's overpriced and lines are ridiculously slow. If your kids are over 7, don't bother.
5	Kids will love this place as well family. Worth the price  and the collest part in my eyes was the 3D experience. So many things going  on. Important  to get the wristband because then you can ride anything for free. Very nice staff and very friendly.  Would recommend  anyone here had such a blast. So manu things to see  and do.
5	Magical Forest will now be on my Vegas Christmas To Do list every year! It's beautiful! If you have a DSLR camera, bring it! The phone camera photos will not do the place justice.
3	Boring but kids love it!  DONT GO ON THE WEEKEND and bundle up!!!  Lots of fun rides and lights and even a Choo Choo Train!!!
4	This past weekend was my first time visiting the magical forest and although it was much smaller than I had imagined, it was nice walking around and checking out all the Christmas lights and decorations. Aside from the magical forest area inside, there are also food vendors and rides spaced throughout, although we didn't check them out. I tried buying hot cocoa at one of the vendors but their system was down and they couldn't operate their POS system to sell anything :(This place is probably geared more towards children and families, especially the rides. Grab a wristband for $12 to get unlimited rides. It's nice to know that any money you spend having fun here goes to support a good charitable cause. So grab the kids, bundle up and check it out if you've never been!They're open from 5:30 to 10 pm every night during the holiday season. I'd recommend coming early to avoid the crowds!
4	Whenever Christmas season rolls around, my mind instantly thinks of visiting the Magical Forest. I just associate Christmas and lights to this place and I honestly don't think that's a bad thing.This spectacular holiday attraction is located on the CSN West Charleston Campus - right off of Oakey. It's hard to miss if you drive down that road because of all the pretty lights! Adult tickets are roughly $11 while children are $9. If you're willing to splurge a bit, you can buy your children at passport at $18 which gives them unlimited access to the train ride and any other attractions they have on sight.it's pretty hard to put into words what they place can offer you. If you're a sucker for Christmas lights, festive music, and that overall Christmas spirit - THIS PLACE IS FOR YOU. I cannot stress how much I love visiting this place during the holiday season. They have a huge cabin filled with candies and sweet treats. They a decent-length walk through that you can "oh" and "ah" at all the lights. There's a train you can ride as well as a cafeteria that offers funnel cake, pizza, and hot cocoa. This place truly is magical and one of the more better Christmas/holiday places you can visit during this time of year. It is well worth your stop, especially if you've never been here before!
4	Awesome decorations. Kids loved it. But a bit pricey I must say. Kids are $18 (passport) and they can ride as much as they want. But when we went the lines were so long that they only got to ride 2 rides. So I wish I didn't get the passport. So I suggest if it looks super crowded inside, maybe not get the passport. Unless you don't mind standing in lines all day to get your money worth
5	What an awesome place to take your kids or go by yourself and act like a kid. The magical forest was so well done for Christmas. The lights and atmosphere definitely magical. The 3d elf might not be for young kids with the 3d glasses but we loved it. There is a train ride for all ages, mini golf, polar slide. Etc and really a fun place to go.
