1	Unfortunately this was not a great food experince. I was drawn in by the word Delicatessen.....to me it was more like a hospital cafeteria...and I hate to say it but hospital cafeterias are much classier! My gut feeling as we lined up was to get out of there. I chose not to say anything as I had already refused my husbands suggestion of going through the In and Out burger drive thru and I thought it would probably be too annoying of me to refuse this as well! Little did I know he was having the same fears but also decided to just go with the flow.My husband had the hot pastrami sandwich which was dry and to quote "worst pastrami sandwich ever...the pastrami from hell". I had the stuffed cabbage which was stuffed with what looked and tasted like raw ground beef....and that was the tastiest part of it! Eeeek. I had two bites.....and was not risking any more. We did not go back to the counter to complain or get our money back because we really could not be bothered waiting all over again and just wanted to leave.The one star is for the fact they sell Snapple Iced Tea which without I would not have been able to revive my tastebuds.
4	I was in the area recently checking out some of the stores at The Quarter and the wife and I decided to go to this location of Miracle Mile as I had some gift cards burning a hole in my pocket.  This location is similarly themed to the others ones in town, and being brand new (grand opening sign was still up on the north side of the building) everything was super clean.  I was also surprised at how many seats they had, seemed like there was probably over 200 seats.  Another nice touch in that department is that at a couple points in the queue, there were signs that said 'you will be served in x minutes'...very handy  seeing as how I'm sure they will have a lot of professionals in the area popping in for a quick lunch.  We ordered a Jax special (1.5 sandwiches) of the brisket on kaiser.  The brisket was good (even though my homemade is better :) ) and the kaiser roll was excellent.  The horseradish to supplement was nice and spicy, gave a good kick.  Also had a nice Dr. Brown's Black Cherry soda to go with it...hey when at a jewish deli...   The one drawback of the meal, which is always hit or miss at Miracle Mile, was the fries.  Seems like 50% of the time, I get fries that are definitely not old, but they are definitely not fresh.  I can't fathom why this happens so often, especially with the volume of people that they run through there.  Other than the fries, as mentioned, everything else was good, including the service.  In fact, they had someone carry our tray to the table for us, which is something I can never remember happening before.  Nice touch.  Definitely I will be back to the MM locations across the valley.
3	There is only one reason for the 3 stars..and that is called the New Yorker. Do yourself a favor and go to the Miracle Mile Deli on Camelback. This one does not do it justice.The Matzo ball soup is bland. And by bland I mean BLAND! I boxed that fucker up and gave it to my dogs.The stuffed cabbage? Gross. Usually it tastes really good, but again I don't know what happened here. Icky. Just icky. This one just went in the trash.The fries? Boo hiss. No salt. Zero. Zilch. Nada. And they were on the soggy side.Overall, how to describe this Miracle Mile? B-L-A-N-D. So bland, that it would be too bland for my great grandmother. In and Out next door is a much better option than this crap.
3	Bah, this place has gone downhill IMHO.  I went to the Promenade location for lunch this week craving some good corned beef and chicken noodle soup.  Nine dollars for the combo plate (no drink as again they serve b.s. Pepsi products) and I sat down only to be disappointed in the value, and the food was kinda blah if you ask me.To their credit, my side of fries could not have been more perfect-hot, thin, crisp...just like me LOL :)
3	I was up in Scottsdale doing some shopping on Saturday, and decided to stop here and get something to eat. I love deli food, and figured this was the place to stop. I dont dislike this place.  I could (and would) take my mom here and probably have a good time.  Thats not my point. but, I found a few things that irked me, and I was torn between 3 and 4 stars.When I walked in, I noticed its cafereria style deli.  You stand in line, order, and they scoop your food onto a plate and serve you.  The line was long, and if I was in a hurry, I would have turned around and left.  I stayed, because I wanted to try the food.My first grave disapointment was not only the long line, but the menu overhead.  It seemed kind of McDonalds-ish, and slim.  I grabbed a menu and realized they have a ton more dishes that didnt appear to be overhead.  really?  why is that?  Delis are supposed to have huge menus!  argh.Anyways, I didnt want a HUGE meal.  I wanted a light lunch, not a 10 pound pastrami sandwich for 10 million dollars.  After reviewing the menu, I decided to get the 3 Latkes (potato pancakes) for $5.95 and a drink.   I placed my order, and the service was nice enough. (no complaints there, really.)  It was awkward because I moseyed up to the register and paid, for a grand total of $8.04.  (ouch!)  I mean, its a deli, and deli food aint cheap, but dam, thats a lot, considering Im not gettting waiter service, sit down treatment, and its not like your making it fresh for me from a batter on the grill.  You probably have some premade latkes that your reheating for me, and serving.  when they came out, thats kind of how they tasted.  They werent bad, but they were mostly greasy, and kind of floppy.  Usually, a good latke is more firm, and will have some "grease" from the grill, but this was more then that. Meh.Anyways, seating was at your own risk.  Lots of big party tables, and a few scattered 2 tops.  I guess they anticipate lots of large 8 person parties to come here and dine? I kind of feel bad for taking up a  person table because theres no where else to sit.This place isnt bad, and its a great alternative to Chompies.  I dont want to sound overly critical, but I feel like its got room for improvement.  Some of the food looked kind of sad, and considering how expensive it is, I think they could do a little bit more with presentation.  I mean, scooping me brisket out of a hotpan and charging me an arm and a leg seems kinda poopy, ya know?
3	I've been to several of the Miracle Mile Deli locations over the years.  If you want comfort food, this is the place.I was here today for lunch.  One of the specials on Thursdays is meatloaf and that is what I ordered.  It was a good sized portion and I had the mashed potatoes with gravy as my side.  What a yummy good stick-to-your ribs meal!Several times the servers came around while I was eating and offered to refill my iced tea which was very nice.I'm looking forward to coming back!
3	Friendly service, great sandwiches- Always love a good Pastrami sandwich! They actually have some healthy options too.
4	I've been eyeing this place for awhile now, and decided to finally take the leap to try it out. My mom and I hadn't an clue what was on the menu but definitely up for trying something new Sunday afternoon. Now I can't say I'm a fan of the winding line that lead to what reminded me of the Ikea cafeteria dishing area; I can say the food was absolutely delicious. My mother and I narrowed in on an original Pastrami w/ mustard sandwich with the shoestring fries and kosher pickle. They had to have piled on nearly half a pound of meat that was soo juicy, onto an Onion roll (which I requested, but you have a handful of bread choices to choose from). I have to add, that they have a house blueberry tea that was very refreshing and tasty as well. I had a positive experience and plan on heading back soon to try out one of their many desserts that looks amazing, but I had no room for this visit.
4	There is no possible way to fit the mile high sandwich into a normal size mouth.  No possible way at all.  At first I said whoa $10 for a sandwich but   once I saw it I thought I was getting a deal.  Soup was so so and lunchtime seating is scarce but the food is tasty.
4	A simple, healthy, pleasant meal without pretense in the Scotts Rd/Frank Lloyd Wright neighborhood.  Yeah, right - it doesn't exist except at Miracle Mile.  Anytime we want to eat, we always have to choose between spending over an hour doing it (between waiting for a table and service focused on upsell), gut busting food or driving 15 minutes away (back to the hour plus).  Miracle Mile has great diversity on their menu, gets you in and out, and has tons of seating in a pretty pleasant and very clean dining area.  Miracle Mile probably isn't worth driving out of my way for, but I'm sure glad it's nearby.
2	Need a quick meal for lunch?  Well Miracle Mile has your sandwich ready and on time.  I was really fascinated by how fast I got my sandwich.  They definitely had it down like a production line.   My sandwich was okay...it's nothing to rave about.  I think you could go to any small deli sandwich shop and get the same taste.  However, like I said if you're on a rush eh...go for it!
4	If you are a fan of Pastrami like myself, then this is the place for you dude. The buns are fresh and fries are pretty tasty as well. Nice option for lunch since they move folks through line rather quickly.
4	Loved it, thought it was great. Been to both the Phx and Scottsdale location.  I've read that some peeps didn't like the long line but they do make all sandwiches fresh....I didn't mind the wait (even with 2 small kids in tow). Bread and pastrami was delish. The service was fine - we went on  a Sunday, so it was rather slow...so maybe that was why we got such great service? Who knows. All I know is that we'll be back! :0)
4	This place has a very good egg salad. And considering this is a deli where you order from the counter, they have good service. They refill your water, clear plates, and bring you what you need. For a reasonable price this is a good place to grab a quick lunch.
4	I haven't been a regular here, only because it's not in my neighborhood. If you crave a Jewish Deli, put this one on your "must do" list. Their corned beef, pastrami, rye breads and wide selection of cheeses are superb. Serving is done on a cafeteria basis, just make your selections & get set to enjoy a terrific lunch/dinner.
4	Right up there with Katz's deli in NYC. Amazingly perfect pastrami on a true reuben. Excellent choice for brunch - especially since the line didn't start until noon (a "miracle" around here.) For any reviewers chatting about the lines/format/menus - it's likely because you've never been to a real NYC deli. This place is that, exactly. And nails it. Great work!
2	This is my first review here but I willgo back to try a sandwich. I went in for lunch and met a couple people. I only got a soup and salad because the staff was rushing me to decide. There were way too many choices with way too much pressure. I was really looking forward to a good sandwich too :(. The soup an salad was ok but not satisfying. My boyfriend has the pulled pork and he was unsatisfied. He said and I agree that it was pure sauce and you could never tell what meat it was because of the sauce overload and because of the look of the meat. scary!!!
4	the New yorker is the most amazing sandwiched I've ever had
3	My sister and I decided we needed to check out this place since her husband and a friend of mine said it was the bomb.  Well, I would say it is closer to a water-balloon?  She had the Turkey and I had the Club, neither were great and we both complained of hard bread.  The guys in front of us confidently ordered the Hot Pastrami, which is evidently "World Famous."  I'm not going to write this place off, since it's near a few good clients who I could see ordering the Hot Pastrami.  If it wasn't convenient, I wouldn't go back.
5	I'm from New York and since moving to the west, I've really missed having a good deli. I feel like some places really skimp on the meat and their bread-to-meat ratio is just wrong. Miracle Mile however does it right. They pile their sandwiches with great quality meat and their breads taste just like home. The best part is how quickly they get you in and out. I never have to worry about being gone from work for too long. Great experience!
5	Love the Brisket!!! benn going to all locations in the valley for years :)
2	I want to like Miracle Mile more than we did. The food is good, but the cafeteria style service doesn't help when you're paying $10 for a pastrami sandwich and $7 for a kosher (Hebrew National?) frank with a side of potato salad. Our total bill came in at just over $21.00. Ouch. Don't get me wrong, the food is good. It just doesn't seem very genuine as compared to Chompie's that is three miles away for the same price. Sorry!
3	I love Sandwiches.....so I decided to stop by this joint for lunch recently.  After browsing the menu for a minute, I decided I was going to order the New Yorker (Pastrami, Cole Slaw, Thousand Island Dressing, on Marbled Rye) w/Fries & Pickle for $8.99.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mKybTX2TTB_f_q9gj0s85Q?select=wYhry_TSaeyE3jlM3kqRTgTo wash it down, I ordered a large drink for $2.29.When you walk in, you get into a line like a cafeteria.  Then you place your order with someone who prepares you meal for you and then pay the cashier.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mKybTX2TTB_f_q9gj0s85Q?select=5tUWH1ZbuhFAMnR5sYaztAIt's an efficient process and it allows you to see other people's orders just in case you want to change your mind.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mKybTX2TTB_f_q9gj0s85Q?select=XQa5ffhPOJPUWHb_ULqogQI couldn't wait to take a bite out of my Sandwich.  The Cole Slaw comes inside the Sandwich, which I love.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mKybTX2TTB_f_q9gj0s85Q?select=Son0jYmuPk8BM11ZBga8dAThe only downside to this is that it makes the Sandwich very soggy fast as the Slaw will soak the Bread.  But that's OK with me.  I took one bite and thought the Sandwich was OK.  The flavor was pretty good, but I don't know, it wasn't great......didn't leave me wanting more.  The Fries were pretty good, but again just OK.  The Pickle was very good and was complimentary....very cool.Overall, it was a good meal.  There are other Sandwiches on the menu that I want to try.Return Factor - 65%
5	Every time I travel to Phoenix, I go to Miracle Mile. It is usually my first stop after I leave the airport. While San Francisco (where I am from) is known for its world-class restaurants, there are no great delis. Every deli in my city--from the traditional deli to the is-this-meat-or-is-this-tofu deli--pales in comparison to Miracle Mile. Either the deli has day-old, rubber-like meat or has bread so stale that a pigeon wouldn't eat it. The sandwiches at Miracle Mile, in stark contrast to all of the other delis I've frequented, provide the perfect marriage between great meat and great bread. Their brisket and pastrami sandwiches are so good that every time I bite into them, I'm transported to another realm of consciousness!
1	I am astounded at all the positive reviews. This place was nasty and overpriced. Yeah, the manager came by with a free, gimmicky, baby cookie, but that doesn't make up for the horrid food. The turkey was dry, the macaroni'n'cheese tasted about as processed as it gets and the vegetables were dry and flavorless. One visit here and I'm donezo. Normally I don't hate a place this much and then get instantly compelled to review it on Yelp, but anyone reading this, go to Jason's Deli or even Subway... BOO!
2	Really thought I was going to like this place a lot more than I did. The service was really fast and friendly and the atmosphere was hopping, but that's the best I can say. I was really disappointed in the sandwiches we had. The bread was just standard store bought bread, and the meat (especially the turkey) was just gross processed yuck. Also this might be a little nit picky, but it tilts me so much when I get a sandwich and the meat is all squished up in a ball in the middle and you can tell they didn't even attempt to evenly distribute it over the bread.So yeah, we were really disappointed given the hype MMD has. And like many others have said, for the quality, the price is WAY too high. There are a bunch of other local gourmet shops with the same prices and killer sandwiches.
5	If you want a huge, delicious sandwich, this is the place to go.  They offer a ton of options.  I opted for the Liverwurst and it was delish!  Potato pancakes?  Umm, yes please!  Keep in mind that this is a true deli...you have to wait in line.  I haven't been there during a lunch or dinner rush, but they actually have "approximate wait time" signs up, so I'm guessing they get pretty busy!  Definitely check this place out!
4	You never can never go wrong at MM.
5	I heard about this place after they started following me on Twitter. Curious by any restaurants I find online, I totally fell in love with their menu. I had to try it!I went on a pretty slow weekend afternoon, and was surprised by how big the place was. It's kept up nice, has lots of room inside and out to sit, and the service is extremely quick!I ordered the "Triple Decker" sandwich...the name says it all. It was piled high with meat and loaded with flavor. Sometimes, sandwich places in AZ just miss the mark in flavor and end up dry & bland, but Miracle Mile definitely doesn't. They know how to make a good sandwich.So excited to find this place...or should I say, they found me! The price? It's about as much as any other place to grab a bite to eat for lunch. Can't complain!
2	We've been here a number of times in the last couple months.  Husband is more the deli fan than me and he likes this place.  He enjoys the New Yorker sandwich - pastrami with coleslaw and thousand island dressing on an onion roll.   It's a giant sloppy mess but he seems to be smiling during the consumption process.  Me - I'm not so high on this place.  I could list 100 reasons why but the biggest complaint I have is that if they call themselves a DELI and are going to charge $8-10 for a sandwich, they need to atleast use decent bread.  Let me tell you, the bread (whatever kind you choose) is nothing special - order wheat and you get Orowheat straight from the grocery bag, or an onion bun you could also have bought from your local Safeway.  I think they need to go visit Chompie's and learn how to buy real deli bread from someone who knows how to make it.Portions are large, overly so in my opinion.  Made the mistake one time of ordering mac & cheese.  Ugh - it was a giant bowl of mac with pasty cheese sauce.  Soups don't fare much better.  Navy bean sounded good - but it tasted like canned pork&beans with a thinner base.One thing they seem to have right is the NY attitude.  The line servers are generally pretty nice and helpful but as you get down the line toward the cashiers, watch out.  They seem to consistently have snarly attitudes and are in a big rush to take your money and get on with it.  No smiling allowed.  Ok then, maybe they've been eating the food here too.
4	Let's say you were on the popular game show 'Jeopardy' and losing miserably to some a-hole who went to an Ivy league school, had no friends, and holed-up in his dorm all four years with his parakeet named Kilawea.You have no possible chance of winning and in just a few moments, Alex and the crew will be giving you the bum's rush offstage,  as the audience marvels at how it is you've managed to dig a 10,000 point hole for yourself.You need to pull something out of your ass and quickly. Luckily, the question, or rather the answer is:This delicatessen, one of the oldest in Phoenix, is known for it's New Yorker on marbled rye. You can't believe your good fortune. It's the only answer you've got a chance at getting right and winning all the marbles. You hit the buzzer and proudly announce:"What is....Katz's Deli?What on earth is the matter with you? You blew it again. Everyone in Phoenix knows its Miracle Mile and if you havent been here, you need to try it. You won't be disappointed.I hope Alex besmirches you when the camera isn't rolling. You deserve it!Jesus!
5	If your ancestry is from one of those weird countries whose name ends in 'IA', like Bulgaria, Algeria, Bosnia, Romania....You're genetically predisposed to liking cabbage rolls.I'm not, but I love cabbage rolls just the same.This place is where you go for great cabbage rolls.One usually does me in due to the size, but if you're Bulgarian or something, you'll probably want the entire chaffing dish. (I think those 'IA' people are a fairly large breed)The sauce, slightly sweet, the meat filling features raisins for added flavor.They're a little pricey, but hey, where are you going to get cabbage rolls? If you like cabbage, and you're hoping to get even with your satanic co-worker tomorrow with a memorable,  grey-matter destroying case of the farts you got from overdoing it on the cabbage, I can't think of a better recipe. Don't deny your heritage...you're a fart-factory by nature. Feed the beast, I say. Come here and be the 'IAN'  you always knew you could.Note: A side of cole slaw and cleaning up your wife's reuben also helps in this endeavor.
4	Cannot get enough of the turkey New Yorker sandwich. Am totally addicted! Service is great, friendly and efficient.
4	Awesome Reuben.  The kind of Reuben you dream about if you're the type to dream about sandwiches.  First time I got it on rye, second time pumpernickel - pumpernickel was the clear winner for me.  Nice lean corned beef, not the kind I have to dismantle my sandwich to inspect and remove fat before eating.  It's a fairly big sandwich with a decent amount of meat. Husband had pastrami and chopped liver on rye the first time and loved it, however, after trying a bite of the Reuben became an immediate convert.Fries are really good, potato salad delicious and cole slaw is excellent.  Mac & Cheese - no, don't do it, it's macaroni suspended in a sticky cheese paste.Menu is big and they have great daily specials.  A very good deli.
1	This place makes me appreciate Jimmy Johns.  This place makes you feel like cattle being herded to the trough.  It's a Miracle they are still in business. You can get better sandwiches at Whole Foods or Jimmy Johns for a lower price!
3	Had the New Yorker sandwich and a bowl of matzo ball soup.Sandwich good.Fries...good but needed seasoning.Matzo ball soup...meh.  I think a chicken stood next to the pot when they were making the broth but chose not to get in the water.Regardless, I still kind of like the place.
4	Great service and pleasant staff.I have gotten the stuffed cabbage every time I've been there now because it's something my husband would never eat if I did cook it at home.It's so good!  Maybe I'm hooked.Nice selection of desserts and gotta love that they have both beer and wine in individual size bottles.Double plus is the coupons I find online.The only downfall to this place is that they close early.Yeah for the staff, boo for a customer with a late night craving for good East Coast style deli.
5	I've been back to Miracle Mile at least every other week since my last review and it is always excellent.I've branched out a bit and tried the chili dog, kosher dog with mustard and sauerkraut and the New Yorker sandwich - all are awesome but I find it hard to get anything other than the Reuben, I swear it gets better each time.  Husband tried the chicken salad sandwich and he was absolutely impressed.  Good pickles too.I received a nice note in reply to my first review so I tried the mac and cheese again last week, it is much better than the first time so I'll keep sampling during future trips.  I also love the redesign of their website, it's much easier to navigate.
3	Bigger is not always better, and this place proves it. The sandwiches are plenty, and the dishes are heaping, but the food is not flavorful. Add salt & pepper! Very clean and always busy, so nothing bad... Just decent.
2	I had heard of Miracle Mile and used to work near the one on Camelback but had never ate here until some co-workers invited my husband and me to lunch. Let's just say there's a reason why I hadn't ate here previously and it's because the food is just mediocre. There are way too many items to choose from and I think that makes it hard to perfect the food being served. I think if they narrowed down the menu, the food would be better. Also, being a deli, I would expect amazing sandwiches. Instead, they have mediocre sandwiches, burgers, hot dogs, salads, and entrees like lasagna, stuffed cabbage, meatloaf, and baked fish. It really feels more like a cafeteria than a deli. Upon arrival, you have to wait in line - cafeteria style. I'm not real big on this as I feel rushed and it reminds me of high school cafeteria dining. It was really hard to narrow down what I wanted to eat and honestly I can't even remember because it wasn't that spectacular. (I know I ordered my sandwich on wheat bread, which was just average.) I also ordered fries with my sandwich. I always think it's hit or miss with fries and this was a miss in my book. They were thick, but not steak fries. So they weren't too crunchy and a little too soft. Also, they really needed some salt or any other spice. Both my husband and two co-workers ordered hot sandwiches - the pastrami and corned beef. The co-workers enjoyed their meals, but they were the reason why we stopped here to begin with. My husband thought his sandwich was okay, but again, nothing spectacular.If the co-workers invited us to go back, I'd have to politely decline. This place wasn't really what I was expecting and I'm not real into cafeteria style dining. Obviously other people are, as the place was packed. Maybe they know something I don't?
3	Not a Deli person, I found myself eating here with some very Deli people, who wolfed down some good looking sandwiches. They seemed more than satisfied. The food is authentic.I opted for a burger & fries & a brownie. Yum-o on the brownie. The burger was nice & the service was excellent. Easy access if you're in a wheelchair/power chair.
3	Great place to get some tasty Deli Favorites with quick and friendly service. Conveniently located in an area where you can get some shopping done at the same time. Inside is simple yet neat and tidy. Cafeteria approach rather than ordering from the table which is nice.Ordered The Straw Sandwich which is Hot Pastrami, melted Swiss cheese and steamy sauerkraut piled high on your favorite bread. Comes with a pickle and a side. Wife got the Half a Reuben and Soup combo with a side. They have horseradish in little cups by the register when you check out that you have to try if you like spicy which I did. Food was fresh and tasty with OK size portions.I do have to agree that the price is a little high for what you get compared to other guys in town which is why I only go 3 stars. Look for a COUPON in the weekly mailers to help save a little dough and take it to 4. Lehayim!
5	Love this place! The New Yorker is awesome!
2	The latest stop in my quest to find the best pastrami-on-rye in Valley. This place? Ew. Some of the meat was not chewable and the cole slaw had SUGAR in it. Nuff said.
4	This is a great place to come for lunch. The food is really good and it is always hard to make a choice. The macaroni and cheese is pretty wonderful.
4	What an interesting place. I felt like it was senior hour when we walked in. The place smelled great though.Its cafeteria style service and they have a ton of items on the menu. This time around I went with the Turkado - turkey, bacon, avacado, lettuce, onions, tomatoes and yummy chipotle mayo. I got fries and a side of macaroni salad. Everything was really delicious although my order was the last time come out and everyone else got hot sandwiches so I thought that was odd.I went with my company and everyone got the New Yorker, reuben or the tripple stacker. They were hot and delicious and we were all part of the clean plate club. The portions are huge.The salads looked really great and so did some other items so I would love to go back and check more stuff out!
4	I've been to the MMD about half a dozen times now and each visit, it has been consistent and reliable.  It features a broad array of Jewish deli food items to more standard fare like hamburgers and mac n cheese.  Everything appears to be freshly prepared using real ingredients.  Due to the large selection and menu it may take you a minute or two to decide what you will have.  You order cafeteria style and you follow your entree down the line to soups, salads, desserts and beverages. I've sampled their hot dogs, pastrami, macaroni and cheese, cole slaw, fries and other various menu items.  I like that they also offer a pretty good selection of beer and small personal wine bottles along with a traditional deli slate of Dr. Brown soft drinks.If I have any complaint, it's the price.  We had a late lunch here with our teen son and nephew and for the four of us the bill was nearly $65 which is pretty high for a cafeteria.  I might expect to pay that much in NYC but at a chain restaurant in northern Scottsdale.If you like to enjoy good old comfort food from time to time, this is a good place to go.  If you're looking for a bargain, this isn't the place, although you could always order a cup and soup, a half sandwich and a drink and probably escape for under $15.
4	Stuffed cabbage - yum! I haven't had stuffed cabbage in years and this did not disappoint!We really liked this place and will go back again and again. It was clean, restrooms were clean, food was great and the workers were friendly.
3	Was great for the last few visits. Recently, the meat selection has gotten fatty, and sub par from what it was. I ordered a pastrami sandwich, when I removed the top portion of the bread 1/8 of this sandwich had large amounts of fat trimmings. I went 1 more time later in the month, and ordered the beef brisket sandwich. Again, more than 1/8 of the meat was covered in fat.The service is great, people are friendly, and the place is very clean, and I enjoy the other selections that this place has to offer However; it is way to expensive to be serving this type of quality!
2	I don't like leaving bad reviews but this place reminds me of a hospital cafeteria, from the food to the decor, and is overpriced in my opinion.
4	Cafeteria style deli serving good food. Over my lifetime I have eaten at the different MM restaurants, all with great success. Today I had pastrami on a kaiser roll with fries and a pickle. The pastrami was lean, tasty and not to salty. The fries were hot, fresh and crispy as always. The line may be long when you enter but it does move very fast. Free soft drink refills too!
5	Great food, great prices. My favorite is lasagna, one of the Wednesday's items. We also had an occasion to cater from this restaurant and the results were excellent. Their choices of dessert items are excellent as well as the taste and presentation. The staff is very friendly and attentive. The noise level is surprisingly low and moderate considering the size of dining area and the number of tables it has.
1	This was one of the more disgusting meals in deli history. How the hell has this fake-ass deli lasted so long..oh that's right it is in Phoenix. This place would get laughed out of New York in a heartbeat and how can they have the gall to call themselves a real NY deli. 1. Stale Pumpernickel bread2. No personality from the staff, including gang like tattoos on the cashier's arm3. Cold, greasy and frozen french fries4. Where the hell is the fresh sliced turkey? Did they slice it yesterday or Friday and then put it one of those baggies so they "can save time" with the big lines? Guess what, nobody was in line at 1pm today. Even the low level fast food chains slice in front of customers. Pathetic and embarrassing for the owners and management of this dumpy chain to serve us that crap. If you ever had real NY turkey, it doesn't taste like paper thin Oscar Meyer. 5. Matzoh Ball soup from the Assembly line robots. Put mushy matzoh ball in cup then go behind counter and put in some carrots and tasteless celery broth with no sign of chicken or chicken flavor present at all.I just feel like I was robbed from my $9.70 that I donated for the valley's worst deli. Yeah, I could have returned some stuff, but it was only half a sandwich and after few bites, I just 86ed the bread and didn't feel like explaining how crappy the food experience became. I should have walked when they unwrapped last week's turkey from it's little plastic wrapper home. Sometimes, you just take it on the chin and then try and spread the word and hopefully they will lose some business. They are too popular to care, probably with every person over 65 in Phoenix, who has no taste buds. It really is a Miracle that Miracle Mile has been around this long with such inferior products.Joshua G. doesn't respond to negative reviews.
4	Another valley must have!  If you've lived here in Arizona for a while, then you've heard of Miracle Mile Deli.  They've been very popular in the valley for some time, and for good reason.  Some of the best deli foods served anywhere, at a decent price, and very clean.  I saw someone comment that the place reminded them of a hospital with it's cleanliness. Well, it is very clean, but not to the point of not wanting to be there...that's silly.  Always good service and very quick.  I will always recommend this Deli to friends.
2	We were out shopping and it was lunch time so we stopped in here without checking yelp. Big Mistake.It's not that the food was awful, it's not that the service was awful. It's just that it was just "meh" and I'm being kind.I had a half pastrami sandwich on rye (which was a bit dry), matzo ball soup (which was flavorless) and cole slaw (which had way too much vinegar). My wife had half corned beef on rye (the bread was dry but moistened up because the meat was fatty), a side of veggies (boiled the taste out of them) and barley/chicken soup (so-so, but tasted like canned soup).The good news is that all of the above with two drinks was only $21.If you're in the mood for Jewish Deli - go to Chompies.
1	UPDATE (4/8) - Joshua did respond and we chatted in a phone call. He basically admitted without admitting it that he doesn't use the "best" of the best products. He does appear to care, but he also cares about the bottom line. He admitted the chicken soup was simply a broth and that is why half of the reviews say the soup is flavorless. The corned beef and pastrami are made special for them, but not made in-house. Every big fan of these two meats knows the good stuff never ends up on a slicer - it gets cut by a knife. They only use real turkey after 4pm, etc and it goes on and on. Was offered a trip back on him, but I wouldn't know what to order, so I will just pass and hope others know that you can do way better.
3	Maybe I have been to too many other delis since their location closed at Arrowhead but it just didn't seem as great a deli as I had thought before.  It tasted fine, the meat was still good quality.  It doesn't seem like I got as much for my money.  Which is sort of funny as many places pile on so much meat I have to take half the sandwich in a box with me.  So in reality I got all the food I needed but it was in the same price range as many places that give you a lot more.  And speaking about pricing, I had looked at the menu posted outside the restaurant so I would not tie up the line and when I got inside the prices were higher.  I can see prices being out of date on a website but if you are going to repaint your wall menu can't you also reprint your to go menus so the one you post outside has the same pricing?
1	This place is ridiculously overpriced!  Their food is not good quality. When you walk in it looks like a cafeteria and that's essentially what you are getting in terms of quality. $10.27 for a turkey sandwich that was almost all fat and had a required side I didn't want. This place is best avoided. It's not worth the calories or time.
2	Ordered a few sandwiches to go and most are pretty bad. The knish was dried and crumbly. The corned beef sandwiches are tough and hard to chew (very stringy). You will definitely need to knife your way through. And even my turkacado sandwich was messed up (ordered whole wheat and saw it marked as such, but resulting sandwich is on white bread). I think you can find better without much effort.Quick update: got a message back from management the next day. I'm impressed that they spend time reading reviews and contacting customers. They agreed that the corned beef shouldn't be this stringy, so maybe we just had a bad experience. I will give them another try just on the premise that management is actively addressing concerns. Adding 1 star back for that effort.
5	I'm not a connoisseur of food, just an old country boy that likes to eat. I live in the W. Valley, and went to the Arrowhead location till it closed; and when it did, I was pissed for a while, felt like an abandoned step-child. So I harassed Josh at Miracle Mile on Facebook in a friendly manner, just to let him know.  A few months ago when I was on the East side I stopped in and had my usual, Brisket on a Kaiser Roll, FF, pickle and a Pepsi. I'm not a switcher, when I find something I like I stick with it. So now, this location is Closed. After reading these negative reviews, maybe there was a reason. What's going on.  Paisano's in Glendale (Closed), Bill Johnson's Big Apple's Closed, except the Original, and now Miracle Mile except Camelback. Park Central Deli is still open, formerly Miracle Mile (a few years ago), with basically the same food, so might have to frequent that one as it's much closer. I still like Miracle Mile, Josh, chef Martin and his Bro, and the people that worked there; as I had no complaints on what I was served. So maybe I'am not  picky or snooty when it comes to food, but it worked for me. I will try the Camelback store when I travel to the East side. I didn't eat there everyday, but was like a special occasion going there ever so often. So this is my review of how I see it, like it or not.
