4	Ever walk by Wholey's grocery store and see a guy cooking sockeye salmon and thinly sliced zucchini on the grill? Well, that's Luke Wholey, who recently opened up his own restaurant on The Strip!  Open air dining where large up-cycled wooden cable rolls are surrounded by comfy chairs offer upbeat music for diners both upstairs and downstairs.  As you approach, Luke Wholey is busy grilling sock-eyed salmon, jumbo shrimp and giant scallops and serving them with grilled zucchini slices, smoked red peppers and baby bok choy over your choice of steamed brown rice or sticky rice.  The freshly made lobster bisque a la Wholey's is 'slap yo momma good.' And that is just a sampling of items on the menu.  Best to call in, phone in or text in your lunch order if you've got a short lunch like me because The Wild Alaskan Grille is still going through some newbie growing pains.  Just be patient because it is worth the wait.
5	Hands down the best piece of seafood you can get for lunch...or probably any other meal for the price. Sure the price reflects market cost for fish, but when you compare the quality to other middle to high end places...the cost is still substantially less and affordable. Expertly cooked and paired with dishes, I've yet to have anything Luke has prepared that I haven't absolutlely loved. One of the best new restaurants in Pittsburgh with a very bright future.
5	(disclaimer - Luke Wholey is my brother).  I was back in Pittsburgh for a few days and ate 4 of 6 meals here.  Now that I've left the city, I wish I had made it 6.  Luke's serves the best fish I have ever eaten, and takes my older brother's advice to heart, "do not overcook the salmon."
1	We went to this restaurant on a Saturday evening around 6 PM.  Unfortunately it was a big disappointment.  The seafood chowder was the worst  I ever had - not sure it contained any seafood, it had too much starch in it and was lacking flavor. The shrimp, scallops and fish we (3 diners) had as our entrees were not fresh and tasted very boring.   The selection (about 6 different entrees) was too limited.  And the service was lousy.
3	I wanted to like this place...it's not far from my work, it's a cool, huge, space, and one time a guy with a lobster megaphone heckled me as I got into my car after work and it was kind of endearing.  Also, I'm a huge fan of all food under the sea.  But it just hasn't quite figured out what it wants to be.  The premade caesar salad, fresh out of the cooler with the dressing on the side, and the servers in shorts and sneakers makes it seem like a casual bar place (no liquor license though...be warned!  Bring your own, or they'll let you bring something from across the street).  The prices of the (limited) entrees (all over $20) and the super-over-attentive service makes it seem like it's aiming for fine dining.And then there's the loud top 40 music and the big projection on the wall of music trivia, like you're watching the comcast "today's hits" music channel, which makes it seem like a nightclub.  Yeah, I'm baffled.The fish entrees were fresh and delicious (although portions were too much...maybe cut the price AND the size?) and we had some incredible cheesecake.  Everyone was so nice and the place was so empty and really, I'd love for them to succeed.  But unfortunately, I don't think I'll be going back.
5	I'm so surprised by the less than stellar review of this place.  I thought it was fantastic!  Went here for dinner and ordered the heirloom tomato appetizer and the swordfish as my main entree.  I'm not a big tomato person but I was basically licking my plate clean because it was that good.  The tomatoes were fresh and the balsamic drizzle and basil pesto sauce were out of this world.  The swordfish was basically moving in my mouth...that's how fresh it tasted!  It was phenomenal, best seafood I've had in the 'Burgh.  It was perfectly seasoned and perfectly cooked - moist and flaky.  It was served with fingerling potatoes and some bacon crumbles...again, I was basically licking my plate clean.  As other people have noted, the portions aren't huge, but I'm OK with that as long as the quality of the food stands out and in my opinion it did.  The menu is somewhat limited, but I still had trouble deciding between what dishes I wanted.   I sampled my friend's dishes which included the king fish and the scallop/shrimp combo and they were delish!  I can't wait to go back and try out some of the other dishes.
5	Let me tell you friends, I've been on a MASSIVE seafood kick lately!  It's not just sushi though, it's everything and I want it well prepared and cooked to perfection.  So you walk into a place with the name "Wholey" and you expect it to "wow" you.  And you know what?  It did!I was surprised to see the less than stellar reviews at first, but I had faith it was just the new restaurant jitters.  We came in on a random Tuesday night around 8pm and was surprised to see about 6 other tables full with diners.  Surprising to see in the Strip, but exciting, if you ask me!  It's an absolutely gorgeous space.  Nothing you would expect from the Strip at this point and time.  It actually used to be a club, so there's many different levels.  I love the sea of blues and mosaic tiles.  The tables are large, so it's great for big parties.  We started out with the Sashimi appetizer and it was so cold and fresh.  I loved the tiny mandarin oranges and crisp lettuce surrounding it.  We devoured it within 3 seconds of it hitting the table.  Good start!The tomato salad will probably only be on the menu for a short time, considering the season for them ends soon, but it's worth having when you can.  You can easily throw together some tomatoes and splash on some balsamic.  This had a very well done pesto sauce and pine nuts.  I would have never thought of the combo together, but I loved it!  I ordered the Scallops and Shrimp, which came with a hearty helping of jasmine rice and grilled bok choy.  Both the Scallops and Shrimp were seared to perfection and the scallops, which I find hard to season well, had a great flavor and were large in size.  I loved the creamy garlic sauce drizzled on top.  It was as if every element of the dish came together in harmony!  While seafood can be expensive, and this was no exception for a $24 meal, I had no qualms about paying my bill for the amount of flavor that was packed into each dish.  Fresh is the word here and you won't have to reel me in... I'm coming on my own!
3	I've been wanting to check this place out for a while now, and I finally found someone willing to stop in with me and split an appetizer and an entree--was it worth it? I still don't know. I'm trying so hard to enjoy LWWAG, but maybe it just needs some time...Luke was outside to greet us and was enthusiastic about us coming in. After having an oyster bloody mary shooter (it sounds weird, but it was delicious), we decided that we'd do our shopping and then come back for a bite to eat.The oysters were excellent. The food was prepared well. The crabcake was alright--we ordered it mostly because the server said it was different from other crabcakes (it wasn't) and she really like the aioli (which they forgot to give us). No big deal, though, we asked for it and after a few minutes our server came out with it.So, here's the reason this review is boring: I feel so ambivalent about this place. One person sat us, another person introduced themselves as a hostess, another person brought us water, yet another person introduced herself as our server, and then two other girls checked in on us at various times. Who was taking care of us? Who was remembering what we had? Who had any interest in our experience? We were told the same thing by at least three of the people...and why would you recommend a dish because everyone enjoys the aioli and then forget the aioli? What?!Also, I don't know if I can justify the price of the food with what was presented. That being said, it's a new restaurant and the space has so much promise (it could be open a little later, it could have a nice bar and some drinks, it could get rid of that screen playing God-knows-what while they're trying to charge you for a $20 entree) and the people are so friendly that I think it just needs time to settle in.I can't wait to go back and try LWWAG again in a few months.
5	My husband and I decided to check out Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille for our anniversary this past Friday night.  The food was truly excellent.The lobster bisque was robust and flavorful, featuring two very large pieces of lobster claw meat, as well as plenty of other small bits of lobster.  My husband had yellowfin sashimi.  It was hands down the best thing we ate on Friday evening.  Sliced paper thin, nearly melt in your mouth, the presentation with fruits and veggies, it was just fantastic.My husband had an upgraded Alaskan white salmon for his entree.  He could not stop raving about it.  It was light and flakey, very flavorful and grilled perfectly.  My entree was grilled sea scallops and shrimp.
3	The food was good, but when the bill came there were issues.  I want to start off by saying Luke walked around and introduced himself and made sure everything was OK- which was very nice especially on a Saturday.  The food came out fast, fries where underdone, but sandwiches made up for that.The issue...The sandwich board out front said bloody mary's $6 - we were charged $8.  When we questioned the price difference the waiter seemed baffled that we were questioning it.  Being in a hurry, we paid the bill.  We had 6 drinks  paying $12 too much for the bloody Mary's that my group consumed.  If we go back, we will push the issue if it happens again.
5	Great food drinks loved it
5	Went to Luke's for lunch with some co-workers.  Too expensive to go regularly, but for a treat, it was a great choice.  They were serving 3 different kinds of oysters, and I got one of each.  A variety from Canada called Raspberry Point was expecially tasty.  For my meal, I got the sockeye salmon with crab meat.  Superb.  I appreciated the quality of fish.  Others at the table ordered the lobster fries and the tuna entree.  The only negative I heard was that the tuna portions could have been bigger.  I usually don't give 5 stars, but I tried to think of something that could have made the meal better, and I couldn't come up with anything.  So 5 stars it is!!
3	Let me start by saying they seem to try really hard to please their customers and some of the dishes were excellent. That said, the 3 star rating is because some weren't excellent and the ambience was challenged on this particular evening because the restaurant was extremely cold. The calamari appetizer was mediocre. The lobster roll would have been excellent if it could be handled. The bun was hard and could not fold to envelop the lobster. That made it open-faced. The crab-stuffed salmon was very good. In the shrimp scampi with linguine, the shrimp were very tasty, but the whole dish seemed a bit heavy. Interesting atmosphere and, with a few more patrons, could have a nice energy. We'd try it again, but the second time has to be a charm.
5	Wow wow wow-y. Their oysters are to die for! Now that you know that, I shall put up a proper review. My boyfriend and I were taking a much needed shopping trip to the Strip and we were starving. Outside of Kaya, I'm not sure that I've eaten at any other restaurant in the Strip until this place. One of my boyfriend's good friends (who works for Clique Vodka) helped with getting the place up and running yet this weekend was our first time dropping by.We sat at the main bar (of course) closest to the sushi bar and started with our favorite weekend drink, mimosas. Our bartender was super cool, forget her name. We looked over the menus for probably forever and couldn't decide what the hell we wanted. My boyfriend said something about the buckets of oysters sitting near us and one of the employees, Eric, started telling us about where each came from and their taste and texture. Then Luke jumped in and showed us this super tiny little oyster and gave it to my boyfriend to try. He loved the taste of it, but unfortunately it was the last one! I forget where it was from.Based on Luke and Eric's recommendations we ended up ordering 4 of 3 types of oysters. Plus, Eric threw in a "bonus" oyster for each of us! :D Also, check in if you do the Foursquare thing. You can get either 3 free oysters, 1 free appetizer, or 1 free Clique Vodka drink. We decided to do a free app and ordered the peel and eat shrimp. This girl was in her happy place.The oysters were so delectable and the shrimp had a nice taste from the Old Bay seasoning. I have a love/hate relationship with Old Bay because most people like to drown their seafood in it.  We got to chat with Luke about starting up the restaurant, their first Friday sushi happy hour, and his trip with my bf's friend down to New Orleans for the Great Seafood Cookoff, or something like that (he was stationed next to a previous Iron Chef winner hehe). All in all it was a highly enjoyable experience, one we weren't even expecting. I loved it, and I know we'll be back, especially to try out the sushi.
4	Fab-u-lous!  Seriously, from the appetizers to the chocolate covered strawberries that we were given for dessert on Valentine's day - free - it was spectacular.  My husband and I arrived around 530 on Valentine's day without reservations.  We had bought a half off deal on WPXI and were hoping to use it on Valentine's day, not thinking about reservations.  Sadly, they weren't needed as the place was only about half full by the time we left.  It should have been packed as this is one of the great seafood restaurants in town!I gasped as I saw that they had oyster shooters.  While living in NYC, this was a staple of any good brunch, but after living here for 7 years, they are hard to find.  I immediately ordered one, but was a bit disappointed by the bloody mary mix.  It tasted more like marinara than bloody mary, but the oyster - oh, the oyster!  So delicious, I ordered two more oysters.  Sadly, they had run out of the type I wanted, so in a purely classy move, they gave me two others and then offered me two others to try.  Woo hoo for oysters!For the main course, we decided to split two meals.  I ordered the seafood lovers pasta and J ordered the sockeye salmon stuffed with lump crab with smashed potatoes, red potatoes (he likes his starch) and asparagus.  OMG.  When the pasta came out, I was astounded by the amount of seafood in it - clams, mussels, gigantic shrimp, massive pieces of lobster claw meat, calamari, salmon.... I think that was it.  Oh, scallops!  Damn.  Awesome, awesome quality fish in a mildly spicy basil marinara.  It's refreshing to see seafood in a non-cream sauce and this was absolutely delicious.  J's salmon was cooked perfectly with heaps of lump crab meat.  The potatoes were all fantastic and while the asparagus was good, there were only like 6 thin sad little spears.  For $3.50 for chargrilled asparagus, I would like a bigger pile than the sad little spears we received.  They were really good though.  We decided to pass on dessert - they only had cheesecake.  However, when they brought the bill they also brought two of the most spectacular chocolate covered strawberries with a nice heaping of whipped cream.  We will definitely be back.  There are literally 10 other things on the menu that I wanted to try and their sandwiches sound delicious. A great new find in the strip!
5	The restaurant was understaffed tonight, but each and every employee was doing their best and made the evening exceptional nonetheless. Luke (the owner) himself came out and was sincere and accommodating. I don't expect a perfect experience everytime i go out to eat, but if a restaurant is having a difficult evening, it is negated by the fact that the staff and the management are sincere and doing their very best. Luke was very professional as was our server. I will definitely go back, and i highly recommend this restaurant. Not only for the food (which was phenomenal), but more importantly for the outstanding service and atmosphere. Thanks for the fantastic evening guys. It was truly enjoyable.
4	Yummy!  Me and the hubby stopped after going to the car show Saturday afternoon.  We both got appetizers.  I got the lobster bisque french fries.  Who would have thought this combo works?  It was absolutely delicious!  The hubby got the lobster bisque and liked it very much!  There was no shortage of lobster in the bisque.  There were HUGE chunks of it!  The apps were devine!  I had the seared Ahi Tuna with Jasmine rice and aspargus for my main course.  It was cooked to perfection, not overdone.  The Jasmine rice had excellent flavor.  The hubby got the fried catfish sandwich with fries and thoroughly enjoyed it.  It was big and he said as far as fried catfish, it was some of the best he's had.  The service was great, even though according to our waitress they were short staffed.  The place itself has a very cool vibe.  We will most certainly go back sometime soon!
3	I had expected a top quality dining experience and got a prepackaged meal. Evidently, the meals are made-ahead and reheated. All I wanted was a piece of grilled salmon. This is NOT a culinary challenge, especially since they had salmon with crab stuffing on the menu, so I figured how hard is it to make the salmon without the crab? It's impossible, evidently, because the meals have been made in advance. This would be OK at a strip mall chain place, but this place is trying to be fine dining.The decor was trying to be urban/arty but the art was oddly hung and uneven in quality, as if some actual art had been purchased but other pieces had been painted by somebody's retired aunt. Also, there is more to decorating than exposed brick. Just sayin. Drinks were very expensive (like New York City expensive) and the pour was very light.  Waitstaff was eager but sort of giddy. We won't be returning.
5	Lobster bisque fries are all that matter in life now.Drink service was a tad slow, especially since there weren't many diners, but all three meals when they came were great, effectively rendering the drink situation null and void. Decor inside was neat, and it was nice that Luke came over to make sure everything was satisfactory. Scallops were cooked to perfection, which is (kind of) what I judge a seafood restaurant on. The aforementioned fries are what give this place the fifth star though. I will definitely be back.
5	We stopped for our Friday night Lenten dinner... I loved the Lobster Bisque Fries, Sushi and Calamari... but the Broiled Cod and Lump Crab entree was terrific!! I also had a chance to try the Wasabi Swordfish which is Delishious! I was pleasantly surprised that when we arrived for a 6:30 dinner time there were a number of tables available!! Very good food!!
2	In the winter pretty cold sitting by the garage door - like window.  The fish ordered was very good but the "chips" were a soggy mass of unsalted french fries.  NO salt on the table and when arrived with a miniscule shaker.  No salad, cole slaw or any other side came with it..... and the waitress stated she did not know what came with it.   Is this a dinner entree ?  Cost was 14.95 I enviously glanced at my date's meat linguini ( he reported it was the best on the menu) but ended up hungry after a tiny side of paper thin zucchini and 4 shrimp appetizer. ($11) I went to another restaurant for dessert due to the limited dessert menu and frustration with the choices.The discount coupon saved the evening otherwise it would have been upsetting.Will give it another try for a sandwich in the summer, may be a much better option, when I can sit outside.
4	Great place great service.  They get all there fish from wholeys and breads from stores in the strip so you can't go wrong there.  Good selection of beers and a guy usually shucking oysters out front for the people that want a quick snack and not sit down to eat.
3	Food was amazing! My complaints are with the front of the house. All the front staff were nice and upbeat, but their clearly scattered a little too much. Went in for brunch and they didn't have any coffee brewed. It took 20 minutes to get some going. Also, they couldn't find the salt shakers for the tables. What kinda place can't find a salt shaker? Overall, food was an A+, but service gets a C. Go here for good food, but just don't expect too much from the wait staff.
5	The food at this place was so good that my bf all but licked the plate I didnt even yell at him for it.The food at this place is so good we even ate the garnishes and I am not ashamed.Hot tip (for right now, May 18 2013):  there is a GROUPON for this restaurant, and as I'd been dying to try this place I bought one and made reservations the same night.  I'd been curious about htis place bc I used to drink here back in the 00's when I was young and the space was called Deja Vu inside.  It still looks like Deja Vu with the mulitple levels of seating and its gorgeous inside.This would be a good restaurant for a date, dinner with the family, or a business dinner.  Our table had a beta fish on it which was pretty cool--until I almost knocked the bowl off the table bc I am clumsy.  Poor fish.  :(We had no problems getting a reservation and were seated immediately upon our arrival--no waiting.  While the place did not feel packed, every table was full so I would recommend making a reservation, especially since they have a Groupon now.I had the crab stuffed salmon and my bf had the seafood lasagna.  He was eating the seafood lasagna before the waitress had even set the plate down and I dont blame him, it looked FANTASTC.  The sauce was kind of a cheesy vodka sauce that was to die for and came with shrimp and scallops on the top of the lasagna, and he said they were mixed inside the lasagna as well.  When I asked him for a taste he gave me the most pathetic little corner bite.  It was very good but honestly, he wasnt sharing and he just looked so happy I wasn't going to press the issue.   the sauce was incredible.My salmon was cooked perfectly and tasted amazing.  Everything was cooked perfectly.  It came with roasted red potatoes and bok choy.  I've been thinking about the salmon since I had it.Also, I noticed the $$$ price listing for this place.  Do you really want discount seafood?  Really?I thought the prices were surprisingly moderate for the quality of the food you are getting and the overall dining experience.  I would not consider this to be an expensive restaurant, most of the entrees were $25 or lower.I can't wait to come back ot this restaurant and try their brunch.  I also saw several other tables order sushi and it looked very good--I reallly cant wait to try it.  They also said they make the best bloody mary in town but----thats wrong bc *I* make the best bloody marys ever, so we'll just have to agree to disagree.  :)Also--try the cheese cake.  OMG I dont know where they get it from but it was amazing.  I want to describe it further but I can't bc I need profanity to explain just how #$*%& good it was.I love seafood and this is my new favorite dining spot in the Strip District!
5	Being from the Pacific Northwest, I have fairly high standards for seafood and have not found many places in Pittsburgh that I would consider great (or even "good" for that matter). I came here for an event earlier this week and was able to sample a variety of their oysters. If these were any indication of the rest of the food, then I can't wait to come back and try a full meal (- the blue-crab stuffed salmon is first on the list). My favorite was their version of oysters rockefeller, which I could have eaten an entire plate of. We were also given a shucking demonstration, which was super fun - they make it look so easy! Everyone that works there is very passionate about seafood, especially the owner who seems very involved in the daily operations of the restaurant (and is also very cute :)  ). The space itself is great - it is decorated well to fit the theme of the restaurant. I will be back soon to try a few more items from the menu!
5	Yes, I didn't feel like cooking that night as Darren said, but with food this good, why bother? This was the best seafood I've had in forever! The Catfish Bites were amazing as was my fish 'n chips. Everyone was so nice from the waitress to the host to Luke Wholey himself. It was worth the hike.
3	Well, I wasn't exactly sure what to expect for Luke Wholey's.  From the second it was announced, I thought I'd be hooked.  All I could think about were delicious big  fish sandwiches, sushi inspired by Tommy (note, if you've never had Tommy's sushi from Wholey's Market...  you're missing out), and lobster bisque smothered on everything.A quick glance at the menu made me think my dreams had come true...  but then the Groupon was announced.   Knowing my luck with group-deal joins has been about a 40-60 success rate, I had my concerns.  Nevertheless, I purchased the deal, and to much delight, I heard multiple good reviews from fellow Yelpers in the interim.Getting to the point...  what a letdown.  The lobster bisque fries were downright bland.  Poorly fried potatoes literally swimming in bisque and garlic  butter lead to something that couldn't find an identity between smothered fries, chowder, and the remains of a beaver damn after a really bad flood.My swordfish, while massive, was overcooked to the point of serving better as a rubber mallet (bland tasting to boot).  The fiance's seafood pasta, while swimming with what seemed to be a high quality orgy of sea creatures, lacked much flavor and desperately needed salt and other seasoning (which we had to get up and ask a bus boy for along with silverware as our server was nowhere to be found...  another story).The only reason for the 3 star review, is that the blue point oysters we sampled were hands down the best I've had in the burgh.  Couple this with a decent side for the swordfish of potatoes, cabbage, and bacon, and overall, I felt like we at least at a meal at the quality of what we paid for the Groupon.Will be venturing back for brunch (one more deal to go), so I'll provide an update after that endeavor.
4	I stopped by here earlier today with my father for lunch.  Not too long ago I had been here with a Yelp party and was lucky enough to taste some of their oysters and shrimp with the Oysters Rockefeller and shrimp both being delicious.  Since my dad likes a good fish, I decided that I would take him sometime for lunch.  We were seated immediately upon entering the restaurant and given the choice to sit inside or outside.  I chose inside even though it was pretty much the same as being outside.  You see, they have a garage door type device so that the restaurant opens onto the street.  With the perfect weather today, my dad and I both enjoyed our seats.For lunch we decided to start off our meal with the lobster bisque fries.  It is exactly what you would expect from a name like that, a bunch of fries on a plate with a decent helping of lobster bisque dumped over them.  The bisque tasted awesome and I was pretty happy about the large chunks of lobster that were sitting on top of the fries.  While the fries tasted nicely too, I wasn't as big of a fan of how soggy some of them got.  Even so I enjoyed the inventiveness and taste of it.  For my entree I decided to have the shrimp po boy and chose the buffalo aioli to go with it while my dad went with the fried cod sandwich.  Both dishes came with a side of fries that looked like they were freshly cut. My sandwich was pretty good and I enjoyed the buffalo aioli but I think still think that it lacked something.  So while I liked it, I honestly can't say that I loved it.  My dad did say that he really enjoyed his sandwich as the fish was good. I should also note that our server was also very friendly to us and helped to make our experience nice.The bottom line for me is that I would head back here again in the future.  While nothing during today's lunch jumped out at me as amazing and today's lunch on its own would be 3 stars, I do know that there shrimp here is very good, so maybe I just ordered badly?  In any case, I do think that it is worth stopping by to give a try.
5	I found this place because the seafood place down the street wouldn't seat me.   I'm so glad they didn't.   I'm not from Pittsburgh, and I don't really know my way around.   I have been to Wholey's market, though,  so when I saw the restaurant name, I knew I was in for a treat. The food here is excellent,  as you would expect from a Wholey.  The service is even better.   I love the atmosphere,  appropriate for the Strip District.   I'll definitely be back!
5	My husband and I went for lunch at Luke Wholey's over the weekend.  He sampled the lobster bisque  fries as a meal.  I asked him to have the bisque on the side since we usually share and I love the bisque by itself.  I also thought it would be great dipping sauce but I like to decide how much I want on things.  Wow I am glad I did.  The big cup of bisque was great for dipping and the cheesy garlic fries were crispy and good. Lots of Lobster pieces strewn throughout.  I also had the trio with nice scallop and shrimp and piece of fish.  Everything fresh and good.  The infused vodkas are a real draw with bartender Joby coming up with some great concoctions to tempt you to have one more.  Luke was ever present with his great smile and welcoming attitude.   Luke, Jason, Matthew and Joby all make the experience a fun one you want to repeat!
4	YUMMY FRESH SEAFOOD!!!! That equals a happy experience in my book. The oysters at Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille in the Strip are total perfection. Slurp one of those and you are instantly transported mentally to the beach. We ate so many of them at a recent Yelp event that we nearly shamed ourselves. As a result, we couldn't wait to return for dinner and we didn't wait long to make that happen. My hubby and I order a calamari starter pretty much everywhere we go. We're obsessed and we make no apologies! No apologies needed for the calamari here! Super fresh, lightly breaded and cooked to tender, mouth watering delight. The basil marinara it was served with was a bit bland, however. Punch up the dipping sauce and its a home run.Being the seafood haven that they are, they also serve sushi. I ordered the charred tuna and it was every bit as fresh and delish as I'd hoped.For dinner my husband ordered the soft shell crab special and he raved. I also have a crab addiction, just not for soft shells. I took a bite of his and as soft shells go, they were good - just not my thing. He just kept making happy, crunchy food noises next to me.More to my liking was the Broiled Atlantic cod topped with colossal lump blue crab served with lobster cream sauce. It came with a side of grilled asparagus and I opted out of the potatoes in favor of their roasted root veggies as my 2nd side. The lump crab in that sauce had me making those happy noises every time I took a bite and there were lots of hearty bites to be had & I even shared with my boy. I'm sure it was intended to be a complete bite with the cod, I just couldn't make myself do that. The cod was really good and very fresh but for me the crab took the starring role.  The portion was big enough for me to take home lunch for the next day - minus the crab that I'd inhaled.I could have had a whole plate of just that lump crab and probably would have upped to 5 stars. Can this be added to the menu??? Actually anytime a lump crab entree is on any menu, I order it.We walked by on a recent Saturday and saw this restaurant was bumping at lunchtime, which I was super happy to see. Luke's is a welcome addition to the Pittsburgh dining scene and I'd love to see this restaurant do really well. I can only imagine what is yet to come here and I'm excited for it!
5	My husband and I went to Luke Wholey's on a Saturday evening for dinner. We got the lobster fries and calamari as an appetizer. Both were delicious. We devoured the entire portion of fries in minutes. It was smothered in cheeses and lumps of lobster. SO GOOD! The calamari was also very satisfying. It was breaded and fried to perfection and the portion was a reasonable size. But did I mention the lobster fries? For real, those were heaven on Earth.For dinner, I got the crab stuffed salmon. It was served with a side of fried potatoes. The sauce on the salmon was so flavorful. It had a hint of a maple syrup taste to it and I found myself dipping the potatoes in it too. The salmon was cooked to perfection and the crab stuffing was so good, I could have eaten a bowl of it on its own. My husband got sushi, which he told me was good, but not the best he's ever had. It got the job done in satisfying his sushi tooth. On top of the great food, the environment in Luke Wholey's also added to the positive experience. The second floor/loft space was a little warm because the air conditioning doesn't make it up there, but it wasn't too bad considering it was a 90 degree day. They really did a great job at creating a beachy/waterfront type restaurant where I felt like I was on vacation in Florida rather than sitting in the Strip District. I'm not sure if that's what they were going for though considering it's Luke Wholey's Wild ALASKAN Grille. Either way, it was nice to feel like I was on vacation even though it was just another Saturday night in the burgh. Bottom line: Amazing food, great environment. I can't wait to visit again!
4	Food and drink wise, there's much to love here.  We've gone here several times and the food has always been stellar.  Try their Bloody Mary, which often features a pickle spear garnish, pickled by the bartender himself!  A nice touch.Service has always been friendly and knowledgeable; what has been inconsistent is the speed and attentiveness, both of which can be spotty.  When you do have a server's attention, all's well with the world.  Luke himself is often at the front of the house, and he's a warm, friendly presence there.A nice room with a loft feel, good for people-watching on Penn.  A great place to bring out-of-town guests.  Love it!
5	I was so excited to try Luke Wholey's after hearing great reviews, and let me tell you I was NOT disappointed! I was happy to see that the restaurant was opened up to the sidewalk, which allows for some pretty entertaining people watching while you hang out and wait for your food.  We went out for an early dinner on a weeknight, and the restaurant was surprisingly full.  Another good sign.  The table we were seated at was a huge (recycled?) spool and that the walls were covered with colorful nautical murals. The overall ambiance really lends itself to a fun, casual seafood restaurant.Our waitress was very accommodating and was willing to go out of her way to answer our questions. I went with two sushi rolls, the sweet potato roll and alaska roll.  The former was probably one of my favorite rolls ever.  The tempura battered, deep-fried sweet potato was topped off with eel sauce, making for one delicious sweet and salty combo.  I can't wait to go back and order it again!This is somewhere I will definitely be returning to, especially while the weather is nice!  I would highly recommend bringing out-of-towners here to experience the Strip while dining on tasty seafood and sushi!
4	This place was really cool.  Like a lot of places on the strip in Pittsburgh, it has open seating, but you can also be inside, while still feeling like you are outside.  It is definitely doing well with the 'theme' of a fish restaurant and looks like you are on a fishing boat with neat tables, etc.  Definitely a nice ambiance.The food was DELICIOUS. Our party started with the Bloody Mary's and they were NOT disappointed.  Also -- definitely try the Bloody Mary shooters -- amazing! my fiance and I shared an ahi tuna salad, and it was phenomenal.  Definitely hit the spot.  To wrap up the meal we had some of the fresh shucked oysters -- what a treat.The only downside was our waitress -- BUT I'm giving her a pass because it was only her second day and she was young ( I remember those days ... ) Besides that, everything was great, nice service, friendly guests.  If I lived in P-burgh, I'd be back.
4	We ate here last night, it was oyster Tuesday... Upon arrival they were busy and we were seated at a table where the sun was pretty bright/hot...our server Troy moved us with no problem. The wait was short, we started with six each of the featured oysters, they were SO GOOD/FRESH!! Then we shared the seafood pasta and the halibut/shrimp/scallop platter, everything was fresh, delicious... Fantastic food!! Our server Troy was friendly, prompt, and professional.. We thoroughly enjoyed our dining experience at this restaurant, only small complaint is they need an awning of some sort to help with the heat/ brightness of the sun. DEFINITLY recommend !!! YUMMY!
4	Went to the restaurant Saturday evening with my husband ,daughter, and her boyfriend.. We had a reservation, and were promptly seated. The restaurant has a nice open air about it and the decor is nautical with bright wall murals and tables made of large spools. The menu has something for everyone. We all enjoyed the food and the hospitality. I was impressed how the waiter continually checked on us before and during the meal. I wasn't feeling particularly well that evening, and saw a kids grilled cheese on the menu. I certainly didn't want to impose, but asked the waiter if I could order it! I expected him to say no, but he enthusiastically said, "of course". It was delicious and helped settle my queasy stomach. Everyone else in my party loved their sushi, salads and fish dishes. We will definitely come again.  A great place to bring a larger party. Good food, nice staff and considerate service. The only thing I would suggest was a little more light. When it got dim outside and they turned down the lights it is difficult to see. A candle or small lights above the tables would increase the ambiance of the restaurant. Otherwise, I recommend the establishment.
4	My friend and I have walked past this place multiple times and have always wanted to try it so on her birthday a group of us decided to give it a go. Two of us order the swordfish entree and the other 2 order sushi and calamari. Our food came pretty quick and everything was pretty tasty. The only complaint I have is for $26, the swordfish was missing something. It was in no means a bad meal, but I've had better swordfish steaks that I grilled on my own. I would definitely return to than restaurant to try another item on the menu though.
4	Everything you hear is true. The lobster bisque fries blew my mind.  If the service were better I'd give it 5 stars.
5	I went to dinner the other evening with my husband and daughter and our dogs!We wanted to eat outside somewhere that excepted dogs, it was a beautiful evening!When we called Luke's to see if we were allowed to dine with dogs outside he said, of course that would be fine. There were no tables opened at the time so his said, come in an hour.   When we got there they were so nice to us while we were waiting for the table to open up, they offered us something to drink and water for the dogs.  The people at our table were enjoying the evening and didn't look like they were going to leave soon, so they were kind enough to drag another table outside for us!  The service was excellent, and the food was great too!  The staff was very friendly!
2	I  decided to give this restaurant a try after receiving a gift certificate as part of a cooking class and was less than impressed with the quality of both the food and service. To be fair: My partner and I are from a coastal region accustomed to high quality seafood and we ordered the two specials, ahi tuna and crab stuffed shrimp, in disregard of the basic seafood restaurant wisdom indicating that specials are often attempts to sell fish about to spoil and one should avoid them at all costs. These dishes, while not on the verge of spoiling, were nothing special despite the upscale price tag and left us unenthusiastic about Mr. Wholey's establishment.The tuna was prepared "asian style" which meant slightly over cooked and bathed in some sort of bitter sauce reminiscent of cheap teriyaki. This was served with absolutely fantastic wasabi mashed potatoes and expertly prepared bok choy. It was hard to overlook the fact that the chef overdressed a cut of fish that demands simplicity and in the process, destroyed the delicate flavor I was attempting to purchase. My partner's dish was an improvement in that shrimp will take a chef's liberties a little kinder and featured another rendition of the great mashed potatoes I found on my plate. The crab failed to transform the shrimp, as the name indicated it would, and could have been otherwise better employed. We declined desert based on the weakness of our entrees but must say that the mashed potatoes were memorable.The service was moderate to poor. I worked as a waiter for a couple years and consider myself sympathetic to the occupation and the skill it entails. Our server seated us next to one of the glass garage doors lining the restaurant face. This would have been fantastic had this door been open, allowing the pleasant summer evening to breeze over our table. The door was not open and thus subjected us to a greenhouse affected micro-climate in which both of us began to sweat in the direct sun despite the pleasant temperature outside. I know from experience that patrons are evenly distributed by a host/hostess to the sections assigned to each server and that our seating was not the server's fault. Yet why the server would not open the doors and take advantage of the day is either the result of a lack of skill and/or intuition or poor management. Service 101: comfort of the patron is paramount. Our server seemed to ignore this environmental negative (and the potential to turn it into a positive) despite having to shield her eyes from the sun when addressing us. She chastised our use of the gift certificate after our meal and indicated that she would use it as a favor to us but typically this would not be okay. To clarify: Luke Wholey was due as a guest instructor at a cooking class we paid for and did not show up, sending the gift certificates as a reparation. It was in no way acceptable for her to question a valid use of Mr. Wholey's self-serving consolation. I can only assume her hesitation to use the certificates was out of concern for her tip (perhaps she thought we would think the amount due after the certificate was our total in a tip calculation). Since she must have been capable of reading the clearly stated premise indicated on the certificate itself I am left to imagine that she is used to people tipping poorly and wished to avoid continuing this trend with us.My final note concerns the bar menu. Myriad are the restaurants at which I can overlook lapses in cuisine or service so long as the bar is strong. Wholey's makes an attempt at a draft beer list with a few solid craft brews in among the tasteless masses and has several attractive bottled offerings. The cocktail menu features anticipated twists on standards but fails to indicate the presence of a genuine mixologist. The cucumber collins thoroughly proved that suspicion. This dry take on a tom collins featured fresh cucumber and utilized hendrick's, one of the finer spirits of this ilk. How one manages to f*#k up a cocktail with such a fine gin is beyond the scope of my understanding. A warm lemon soda water with cucumber is not an acceptable refreshment.I will not return to Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille.  Pittsburgh may be too far from the sea (much less Alaska) to foster a great seafood restaurant or perhaps I just went to the wrong place. However, Wholey's failures went well beyond the plate and indicate that a systematic or managerial fault may be in play: Poor service, poor bar-tending, and poor environment compound as issues that are unlikely to be resolved any time soon.
4	I have not eaten here. Awesome house music venue on Saturday nights!!! Plenty of room to dance; garage doors up in good weather! There is an amazing Danceteria-vibe here!!!!! This is good live DJ music folks!!!!!
5	Four of us went to the Wild Alaskan Grille last weekend.  Weather was perfect, doors to the Strip were open, table was large and high.  Started with cocktails, Angry Orchard - yum.  Appetizers were great, with quite large portions.  I had the swordfish with new potatoes and cabbage - what a perfect and unusual combination - loved it.  The show stopper, however, was the shrimp & scallops...  I for sure had scallop envy!  Our server, Troy, was excellent, happy and attentive.  Fellow patrons were an ecclectic lot - we were jeans casual, neighbors to the right were full out-on-the-town diamonds and pearls and to the left were a family of cyclists... complete with Papa wearing silver racing shorts.  Two take aways:  Scallop envy can be fixed.  Bicycle shorts should only come in black.
5	We've eaten at many, many restaurants.  This one is definitely a fav.  Great good and great service!
4	Sunday afternoon, wandering around the Strip.  Luke Wholey's was calling my name.  We decided to stop for lunch.  We were happy to see that they had a table for us on the sidewalk.  Our server Troy was great.  He helped me select a sandwich, I ordered the crab cake.  BJ ordered blacken scallops and shrimp with jasmine rice.  My sandwich wasn't jumbo lump, but it was very good and I love their french fries.  BJ's seafood was perfectly cooked.  It was served with baby bok choy which was also yummy.We really enjoyed our first experience here and will definitely be back.
5	Went for lunch on weekday.  Not crowded, the place is spacious with lots of bar seating and tables that are not too close together.  Got their lunch special which was 1/2 sandwich with salad or bisque $10.00, the size was perfect for lunch.  I chose the catfish and salad.  Of course I had high expectations of Luke Wholey's because of their famous fresh fish market across the street; and I was not disappointed.  The catfish was grilled with a nice cajun seasoning served on fresh bread with aoili, tomatoes & onions.  The catfish was cooked perfectly, it was flaky and sweet which went great with the cajun spice rub.  I also ordered some oysters on the 1/2 shell as an app.  They had a few varieties of them and you could get any amount you wanted.  I opted for three, as they were quite large.  The waiter brought them to me on ice with horseradish, cocktail sauce and a lemon and he told me where each one was harvested (wish I could remember). I absolutely love raw oysters and clams and these were so fresh and briny, I could have eaten a dozen ... but, I had a sandwich coming.  I did sit at the bar since I was dining alone; the bartender was very friendly and attentive.  I have wanted to dine at Luke's since it opened, and have walked passed it at least a dozen times while shopping in the strip.  I should have stopped in sooner.  I used to frequent Rolands; but I really like Luke Wholey's much better, much better.  My lunch was so fresh and delicious and completely lived up to my expectations.  Delicious, I will definitely be back.  On a side note, the staff was dressed very neatly and were friendly and the place was spotless.  I don't give out a lot of 5 stars but when I can not find a singe thing displeasing, well .... there ya go.  High 5 Luke Wholey, you have a new customer.
5	Me and my friend just ate here for the first time. Honestly, I had heard some horror stories but we REALLY wanted to try their late night happy hour for the raw bar, and I'm glad we did! The peel and eat shrimp are HUGE, the oysters were great, we also had the garlic bread, calamari, and oyster shooters. Everything was VERY good and our bartender was super nice, and I love how it looks inside too!
4	Good, fresh seafood with solid portions and the prices aren't bad.  The atmosphere is pretty urban-music, lighting, etc.  The high top tables which were actually old cable/wiring spools were neat and the seating was well spread out.Oysters were good, and the spicy tuna appetizer was the highlight.  Sushi-grade tuna with a spicy coating served atop wasabi cold slaw.  The tuna was so good, I ordered it again for my entree, this time as sweet and spicy with similar coating and a lighter teriyaki glaze.   Wasabi mashed potatoes actually contained a little bit of spice-normally I get pulled in with the description and they're no different than regular ones, not these! Good drink menu and the draft beers were cold.   I'd recommend coming here whether you're a local or occasional visitor to the area like myself.
5	As soon as we walked in we were greeted by a nice gentleman who I can only guess is the owner.  He made us feel at home right away and thanked us for braving the snow to get there.  He talked highly of the menu and was right. Our server was very knowledgable and, as expected, also very kind.  You could tell the staff was well trained as everyone we encountered was polite and welcoming.  The food was reasonably priced for fresh seafood and the oysters were delicious.  Our waitress suggested three types based on my preferences and she nailed them. We are already planning our next visit; there were too many tempting options on the menu to try in one visit. Another perk, they now have a reward card which after one visit already got us halfway to a $20 credit.  As we left, the gentleman at the door shook our hands and asked us to be safe on the snowy roads.  We will certainly be back.   I only wish we lived a tiny bit closer so we could visit more often.
5	For the last couple of years my work crew has had our Christmas party at Oliver Twist.  This year I called Oliver's & Luke's and there was no comparison- Luke was much more flexible and had better offerings for food so I scheduled our party at his restaurant.  I'm so happy I did!  It was outstanding and I received so many compliments from my work crew!  We had just under 30 people total at the party.  We had the party upstairs in the restaurant in the bear lounge and the bar upstairs.  There was quite the spread of appetizers across the upstairs bar including salad station, catfish bites, crab dip with flat bread, veggies, oysters (we didn't even discuss oysters-Luke just gave them to us), chicken skewers, and any drinks we wanted...those catfish bites and that crab dip were so good!!!  Dinner was shrimp scampi, salmon, cod, mashed pots, and we even received 3 cheesecakes!!!The food, the service, the atmosphere, the flexibility and friendly service of Luke & Jason (the manager) all receive A plus grades and this is easily one of a few top restaurants in town.  I love this place!!!  Highly recommended for parties upstairs.
5	I decided to have my retirement party at Luke's and it turned out great!  There were 40 family, friends and co-workers upstairs in the mezzanine. I was worried it would be too crowded, but I think the small intimate space encouraged more mingling among the diverse group.The appetizers were delicious - everyone commented about how good they were.  Jason and Luke did a great job helping me decide on the menu - peel to eat shrimp, chicken skewers, beef sliders, salad and scrumptious crab dip with homemade chips.The servers, David and Angie, were efficient, quick and polite - again, got many compliments from the group about their service.The only slight negative was the warm temp upstairs.  I realize it is very difficult to control the temp in that type of building, and they did a good job of cooling it down - my 88 year old mother loved it!I've been to Luke Wholey's for dinner, drinks, lunch and now the party.  I plan to be back soon!
4	Good drinks and a great atmosphere. I had the calamari appetizer and it was lightly breaded and not over cooked. The basil marinara went really well with it! The lobster roll is delicious too! Not overly dressed.
5	I really enjoyed it. The oysters are incredible! We started with the oyster app and it came with some bonus shrimp. We also had the catfish app that was ok. The garlic bread is a must try. For dinner I had the blackened shrimp and scallops over rice with asparagus and it was incredible! My fiancee had the crab covered salmon and it was pretty good too. I have eaten here twice now and will be back.
1	Valentines day is supposed to be a pleasent memory. This one was not, courtesy of Luke Wholeys.   After arriving early for a reservation, we placed an order at the bar for old bay peel and eat shrimp. 5 mins after placing that order we were ushered to our table. The bar staff assured me that the shrimp would be sent to the tableside. It took them another 45 mins to present half a dozen peel and eat shrimp and no old bay seasoning. Cocktail sauce tasted more of horseradish rather than a traditional sauce.  Lobster bisque fries: arrived 20 mins ahead of the peel and eat shrimp and whilst visually appealing, it left much to be desired. Lobster meat was rubbery and overcooked, almost artificial in taste. Fries were limp and soaked in grease as well as the bisque. Bisque had an overpowering sherry taste to it. Almost drowning any other flavor profile.  Main course, had hoped that it would have rebounded the already dismal experience so far, but was as inadequate as the rest of the meal. Baja blackened shrimp and scallops with a jasmine rice bed and four grilled asparagus. Rice was covered in a sweet balsamic reduction that tasted more soy sauce then balsamic vinegar reduction. Shrimp and scallops were overcooked and had the feel of rubber bouncing balls.      It will be a very long time before i ever decide to return, if at all
2	Came in for a nice Valentine's Day meal. From the beginning, It looked like there was no hope and that Yelp had led me wrong. It took almost 15 minutes just to get bar service and my simple drink was wrong; a Dry Vodka Martini using Stoli vodka and adding three olives. It took 10 minutes to get the wrong drink. At the same time, I ordered the Old Bay Peel and Eat Shrimp. Once seated at a regular table, it took another ten minutes to get a server to come over. Once she came over, she was extremely rude about taking my order. I get she was rushed, but eye rolling and teeth sucking doesn't fly with me. I took Yelp's suggestion and ordered the Lobster Bisque Fries. Can we say over cooked Lobster with a nasty sauce? There was nothing good about the fries...except for the bacon...but bacon makes the world awesome. When the Shrimp finally came out, I was initially impressed to see homemade cocktail sauce. I was disappointed in the fact it was full of Horseradish to the point of being inedible. The shrimp themselves were okay. They had no discernable Old Bay on them. If I wanted plain shrimp, I would have ordered the Shrimp Cocktail.I had to flag down a server to bring me a glass of water; I waited from the moment I sat at the bar until I finally grabbed someone to bring me water well after my Martini had been drained.When my dish came out (I ordered the Seafood Trio) I think there were 3 full cups of pasta on my plate. The Mussels and Clams were chewy and very overcooked while the scallop (could only find one scallop, two shrimp, and three each of Mussels and Clams) was cool in the middle. The pasta was overcooked and the sauce just had a weird, sweet taste to it. The portion size was also way too large; I could've easily split the dish three ways and all three of us would've gone home full.All in all.Food: 4/10. The parts that were edible were okay.Service 0/10. The server I had was extremely rude and inattentive. She could've cared less and it showed. Also, it was hard to tell who the servers were as no one was in what could even be remotely considered uniform attire: My server was wearing a spaghetti strap tank top and yoga pants, another server was in a nice black shirt and dress slacks, another server was in a red shirt and dress pants. The bartenders were inattentive and couldn't even make a simple drink.For the price I paid, I could've easily have gone somewhere else that I know serves good food and had a great dinner. I'd go here if you had a gift certificate to cover the meal, or on a slower night so the chefs could be more attentive to what they are doing, but I will most likely never go back again. Poor service is enough to sour any meal.
1	My review is not about the food. Came for drinks with friends. Bartenders were unbelievably rude. Also they had to look up in a drink book how to make a dirty martini. (which they ended up putting sweet vermouth in) Worst. Bar. Experience. Ever.
5	Had Lunch again today.  Still amazing seafood here !!!  I have never had any dish here that has been less than delicious and fresh.  The Staff is dressed & pressed which is very nice to see these days & we were greeted by a nice gentleman who opened the door for us.  Not many restaurants open the door for you these days, it was VERY, VERY nice !!!  I could go on and on about Luke's but what is great here, their menu changes with what they can prepare FRESH !  You may not always see the same menu items but..... the items that are being served will be A++++.  This place is on my list of top 10 seafood restaurants, and I am a Jersey Girl.  I grew up IN seafood :)
3	I don't understand all the five-star reviews this place has been getting. It's a good location (heart of the Strip) and the space is pretty nice, but I'd say the food is merely OK. Service was slow (this was 8-10pm on a Saturday). The air was smoky (not cigarette, but grill) - poor ventilation. Expect $30 or more per person.I tried the crab dip with tortilla chips - a new experimental dish not yet on the menu, given to us by the owner, Luke. This was certainly nice of him. But I found the tortilla chips, though just cooked, tasted stale. Perhaps the dough was old?The crab-stuffed salmon was good but not great. The potatoes had a sweet sauce on them that I disliked. The bok choi was fine.For better fish dishes at the same price, try Casbah. Or if you want to stay in the Strip, try Kaya - the food is better.
4	Such a cool place! Stopped in for lunch and had a wonderful experience. Even got a free appetizer for checking in! Split an order of delicious calamari followed by a lobster roll. The roll was messy but worth it. Would definitely return and recommend to friends.
2	Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille was the first restaurant choosen by my monthly supper club and boy, what a dissapointment!First things first, we made a 7:00 reservation for a Saturday night. When we arrived the host was very rude and told us that we had cancelled our reservation but he would see what he could do. What?!? Nobody cancelled the reservation?!?We were seated in a few minutes and waited for a server. Our poor server obviously had WAY too many tables. She came by, already apologizing and said she would bring us some water and then she could take our drink orders. I belive it was about 45 minutes before our bar drinks reached the table. Once we were finally able to order appetizers came out in a decently reasonable amount of time. We had ordered mussels. They were the featured appetizer and were available in 2 preparation styles. One with tomato sauce and a second with butter and garlic. The only problem was that she never asked which we wanted. They arrived in tomato sauce. Someone came by to check on us and we let him know we prefered the butter and garlic ones. He took care of the issue with no problem and let us keep the first ones delivered.  They were average and most of the mussels were quite gritty. And getting a second drink from the bar was nearly impossible. Our server was still running around like a chicken with her head cut off.Entrees finally arrived with mixed reviews. Some items were very good. I orded the special which was rare tuna with a sweet sauce, asparagus, and wasabi mashed potatoes. The fish was excellent, as was the asparagus, and i enjoyed the potatoes (they came in a giant heap)! My boyfriend's meal was also good. It was another special with spicy shrimp in a wasabi mashed potato volcano filled with lobster bisque "lava". I was told the salmon was good, and the chicken parm was also pretty good. Unfortunately, the yellowtail was extremely underwhelming.When we finally finished the dining room was clearing out but we still waited and waited for our checks. Our server was very nice and I don't blame her for our poor experience.  Had she gotten some help I feel this review would probably have gone a different direction since most of the food was pretty good. But with that being said,  I don't imagine I would take the time to come back here.
5	This is a great seafood restaurant and a cool spot in Pittsburgh. The atmosphere is inviting and intriguing. My wife and I raved about the great food, as we were very happy about our choice. Had the special -- shrimp volcano, roasted potatoes, surrounding lobster bisque, topped with grilled spicy shrimp (aweeeesome)!! Also, make sure to try the catfish bites. Service was slow out of the starting gate, as there was confusion which waitress had our table. They apologized and gave us a free dessert.  Rest of service was great, and we'll definitely be back.
3	We had unreasonably slow service that even though I did enjoy my meal, I felt the restaurant deserved a sub-par review. I went with the large group and we surprisingly didn't have to wait for a table on a weekend afternoon. Really like how they have huge circle tables for large groups. However, it took us three hours to finish the meal. Every part of the meal was slow - taking our orders, checks, etc. Our waitress forgot to put in our order, but was nice about it and gave us a free round of drinks. Anyways, I ordered a Blood Mary to start, its highlight is that it's served with two plump shrimp! For my main, I ordered the crab cake sandwich and loved it. Perfect ratio of ingredients, with more crab flavor than breadcrumbs/filling. I'm a HUGE seafood fan, so the food and ambiance are worth a return trip, but I'll be wary if I have time constraints.
3	Great food, the service on the other hand is pretty bad and it's not very busy in here.. Also my bf had a hair in his food.
2	So I tried this place out this past weekend. The host greeted us,  not the most friendly older gentleman who told us while pointing where to sit & apparently couldn't walk us to our table nor hand is menus.We waited patiently for a server to come to our table. Server finally came,  my friend & I ordered 2 cosmopolitans. When we got our drinks ...we took a sip of our drinks. .. looked at each other & knew we couldn't drink these drinks. .. just awful tasting. Can't even tell you what was wrong because they tasted just rotten.Ordered an appetizer & asked if we could have new drinks. .. wine instead as we figured that'd be safer. Server was quick to say sure & scampered off to the bar. .. we then watched as our server mocked us to the bartender ... we know this because we could SEE her & could hear it. Lucky for us no spit. Lol. Comes back, we have our wine.  Appetizer came shortly afterwards. The food was great. I love peel ' n eat shrimp, these were fabulous. All in all food good, customer service shitty. I'll give it another try as I hope for a better experience. ...if not better on round 2, you'll hear about it.
5	Our favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh.  Need to get someone making sushi again!!
4	For a restaurant being in the Strip District, I was surprise how affordable our seafood dinner was compare to the other seafood restaurants were that weren't as good.  Everything was really fresh & portions was huge.  I'm a big eater & I actually split my entree. It usually takes me two entrees to get full. The appetizers were delicious! Our starters were the Thai shrimp, cajun boil shrimp, fried calamari & crab cakes. For my entree I had the frutti de mare pasta (which i split & came out looking like a full entree), others had the crab salad, shrimp scampi (it looked like it had over a dozen large prawns in it) and linguini with  clams.  This is a must go to again if i want seafood in Pittsburgh.  The host was really nice & even walked the tables to say hi & ask if our meal was ok. The waitress was pretty tipsy but got our orders out in time.
5	We have been here twice now and have loved it both times. Coming from MA, I thought I would be deprived of great seafood, but Luke Wholey's really delivers! Great happy hour specials and all around atmosphere, can't recommend it highly enough.
4	We dined at Luke Wholey's for an early Mothers' Day celebration and enjoyed the experience greatly. We had a large party of 10 and were placed in a private dining area which still afforded us a great view of the restaurant and bar below. (One small note:  the high tables placed at the ends of the large table made for a little awkward seating. )The food was excellent.  Of particular note were the catfish bites and sandwich, the lobster fries, and huge peel-your-own shrimp. Everything was  nicely cooked and presented. There was a great selection of craft beers and the server knew the wines very well. In spite of some Yelp reviews we had read about the service, ours was outstanding. Our server, Brian, had only been working there a few days but was already up-to-speed on menu items. Everything came out quickly, especially for a large group. We enjoyed meeting front of the house man, Jerry, who made us feel at home.  We also had the pleasure of meeting Luke who told us how hard they were working to improve things. It showed and we will no doubt return.
4	Who ever thought as a native Floridian that one of the best broiled fish sandwiches I've ever enjoyed would be in Pittsburgh? I sure didn't but that was certainly the case here.They serve a very large portion of fresh cod with Parmesan cheese, onion, lettuce, and tomato on fresh bread. This sandwich is a must try and comes with pretty good fries.The service was a little slow but that was okay since we were there with friends.I really enjoyed this place and will be back when I'm in town.
3	food is meh, for the not-exactly-cheap pricetag, it's honestly unimpressive. I wouldn't say I'm disappointed per se, nothing tasted bad, but there are better alternatives, even in the vicinity of the strip alone.
4	I love Luke Wholeys!  This was my 2nd visit there, once for lunch, and once for dinner.  Both times were great.  This past visit we were in town for my 40th with my family and out of the 3 days we were there, this was everyones favorite.  Even my brother who can be on the picky side loved it!  Between 6 adults and 2 kids we sampled quite a bit on the menu and each dish was fantastic so I dont think you can go wrong here.  Do yourself a favor and get the lobster bisque fries!
5	We had spent the whole afternoon checking out all the shops in the Strip District and it seemed like we needed to sit down and enjoy a relaxing drink. We wandered into this bar and a very nice bartender took care of us.  He was friendly and knowledgable. I had a very good Manhattan and hubby had a local beer. We didn't have any food, but the service and drinks were certainly worth 5 stars.
4	We had an awesome experience here tonight. I have to admit that I was a little worried based on other reviews that mentioned poor service. However, we had a pleasant, attentive server (Nikki) who was one of the best servers I've ever dealt with in Pittsburgh. Another nice touch was Luke Wholey coming out to greet every table. He really seemed to care about his customers, giving us additional information about our dishes. We all ordered seafood, since that is their specialty. I had a curry dish with lobster, mussels, shrimp and scallops over rice. It was nicely flavored without being overbearing. My wife had fish and chips which was also nicely done. The servings were big, everybody brought leftovers home. Dessert was cheesecake provided by A. Ward, who makes the best cheesecakes on Pittsburgh. We will definitely be back.
4	All the staff is friendly and accommodating.  Bloody Marys are great.  Like a meal in itself!   Everything ordered always good.  Catfish bites, Shrimp Poppers, Lobster Bisque Fries, and the oysters are always fresh and delicious!  Unlike others who state Bob on the Lobsterphone is obnoxiuos, I beg to differ.  I think it's a nice added touch and he is quite entertaining!!!
5	Great food and great service.  Excellent choice for suburb seafood.  Highly recommended!
1	Worst expierence I have had in some quite time. Main problem of our 17 ppl party 800 plus bill was told they could not help split the check. Been done with dinner for an hour now tryn to figure out the check. Multiple wrong orders. Staff is rude. 1 dinner that was 26 dollars consisted of 4 shrimp and 2 scallops. Like come on really. They get 1 star for bringing 5 extra shrimp. Place was like 100 degrees as well.   Update finally the owner came and gave us free apps and split the bill.
4	Really enjoyed my dinner here. Kel was a good waiter. One mistake I handed my credit card to the manager so my dinner companion wouldn't have to pay. The waiter brought the bill over so the surprise and generosity was ruined. The location is cool. Open garage door, high ceilings and the tables are very interesting.
2	We had family in from Richmond and brought them down to the Strip to souvenir shop. My husband and I have eaten here twice before and absolutely loved it. This time the food was excellent again.  We didn't like the way the meals were brought out one at a time and far in between.  Upon opening her silverware, my sister in law found a long gray hair in twined in it. We showed the waiter, he said ew! And got her a new set.  Usually when a hair is found, something is comped. Not this time. There were six of us and we spent quiet a bit of money on oysters and drinks as well as entrees. The service was very slow and just about invisible.  We will come back and hope for a better experience.
5	Great lunch, great people, fantastic place to eat.  Make sure to check yelp for the free appetizer.
5	Great place, huge portions, very good service and excellent atmosphere!  Fun for families but also nice bar for adults...we really enjoyed our lunch!  The seafood pizza and lobster rolls are fabulous!
2	I really expected better based on the reviews. The first  annoying thing about this place is that the tables are so uncomfortable to sit at. The tables are crafted out of old spools and they sit so much higher than a standard table. I am 6'4" and was very uncomfortable. Second, most of what they serve  is deep fried to the point where the place fills up with this blue haze. It really makes your clothing wreak afterward. Lastly, it's the strip not Manhattan... way over priced for just "ok" food. There is much better and shame on me for not checking out the area first.
5	Every meal I've had here was to die for. Peel and eat shrimp were perfectly seasoned.. My absolute favorite item is the shrimp and lobster pizza. Luke is so nice, along with his father.. They come out to check and make sure everything is good. Tommy is one of the best bartenders around, his Bloody Mary has 20 some ingredients!
1	Don't you dare to go to this place!!! Don't get tricked by the reviews! It's super hip and the food is just okay, doesn't taste fresh at all!!! The service is even worst!!!
5	We had an awesome lunch here today. We had the Lobster Bisque Fries and a Bloody Mary (reported to be a couple of their specialties) and they were both extremely good. We also had the lunch special Sockeye salmon (my husband had it blackened and I had the sweet soy) and we both loved it. The salmon was cooked to perfection. Our server, Brett, was super nice and personable and we had a great time! We will definitely be going back for dinner soon!
5	I love seafood so I was excited to come here! We were invited by my gf from college for a double date. I had the fish and chips, cup of lobster bisque and my boyfriend had the seafood volcano thing. We also split the fried shrimp with scampi flavor on top which was my favorite! The lobster bisque was thick and amazing. Everything was great just very pricey! We also got a few drinks at the bar which were tasty of course. The environment was easy going, staff went above and beyond for everything. I would definitely come back here and recommend to all!
2	Terrible service!  Somewhat over-priced and the food was just alright.  I wrote a blog post about it: http://crayonsanddrywall.com/2014/07/30/the-weekend-luke-wholeys-wild-alaskan-grille/
1	If I could, I would give it negative stars!  Treated so terribly by the staff that we left without ordering!  Took our hard earned cash down the street to Bella Notte where they treated us wonderfully!!!!  I will NEVER eat at Luke Wholey!!
4	Oyster shot was different. Unfortunately, didn't order anything else. Definitely going back for fish sandwich and lobster bisque fries
5	Awesome place ... Amazing food. I recently moved to Pittsburgh and this was my first dining experience here - I WAS NOTDISAPPOINTED. I had the fried fish sandwich (added avocado) with fries. So good ... I could only eat half. I will definitely be back ... Helpfully soon!
5	I love their oyster selection! If you're coming to the strip district; keep going past Roland's and eat at Luke Wholey's. The oysters are so fresh and so so so good. They have great drinks, really nice bartenders and super fresh seafood. Everyone is friendly and they provide a personalized experience. Oysters are expensive but you are paying for quality. They aren't orange and fishy like Roland's. They are huge!!! I normally come here just for the oysters. Also have a Bloody Mary, they are so creative with the flavors and the appearance.
4	We came here for an early lunch while checking out The Strip District. we started with the lobster bisque fries, which were very good. I had the Steel City lobster roll, which was delicious, and my husband had the seared tuna lunch entree. We both really enjoyed our meal. The service was great and attentive.
5	YUP, here again !!  Their seafood is so fresh and they make an amazing bloody mary!!  Gee, what more do you want in a seafood restaurant.  Staff is always very friendly and helpful, place is clean and I love the outdoor seasonal seating.   Went for a late lunch, as I always do and ordered crab cake app., it was 95% crab meat with a tiny bit of binder to hold it together, super good.  Their shrimp is always HUGE and weather I get it cooked or cocktail it tastes amazingly fresh.  They have a $12-13 lunch special menu which we ordered the Ahi Tuna with wasabi sauce; another hit.  I got a few raw oysters ... because I just can not pass up their yummy brineyness-as always.  Downed a crisp shrimp Caesar salad with a flavorful anchovy dressing.  Aside from their totally rocking bloody marys, today we ordered a Paloma; a very refreshing grapefruit/lime/tequila drink.  I like it better than a Margarita, just make sure you get it with WHITE tequila (Blanco) it is MUCH better, I promise you that.  The only issue I have with Luke Wholey's is the food is so delicious, I want to try everything so...... When we go for lunch, our bill with tip is usually around $80.00.  I am not saying they are overpriced, just so darn good that we order many plates to share and ...well.... it adds up fast.  That being said, at other establishments, I have had awful food and terrible services and paid the same.  I Do NOT mind dropping a few on awesome food and service.  We will be back Luke Wholeys !!!  Sure will.
4	Had Blue Points, Caraquet and Sun Hollow oysters today...  My fav was Caraquet and Kim LOVED the Sun Hollows (they tasted like cucumbers?!?)...  All oysters are half price on Tuesdays so a dozen for $15...  YUMMY!!!
5	Delicious and fresh seafood! Great service as well.  Seafood restaurants in Toronto pales in comparison.  Ordered seafood pasta and a prawn dish, portion size is ridiculous,in a good way. Lobster bisque was heavenly
5	I don't know what to say-I have been all over the world and this place is among the top three restaurants I've ever been to. The oyster selection is immense. We tried three varieties, all spectacular, but the one the server recommended (wildcat) was probably the best oyster I've ever had. I didn't know seafood could be this good on the east coast. I cannot recommend this place enough!
5	On a recent trip to visit my brother and sister-in-law, we took a trip to the Strip district of Pittsburg. We stopped here for lunch as was very pleasantly surprised.Being from the west coast we don't usually trust seafood places that aren't on the ocean. This place was great. The fish and chips were good and a single serving is enough for two. My wife had the Sockeye Salmon and was more than pleased. I was totally blown away by the seared Ahi, perhaps the best I've ever had. And the service was good, quick and fun!  Almost enough of a reason to move to Pittsburgh.
2	I'm going to have to pay Wild Alaskan Grille another visit to truly decide how I feel about it. We went there  on a  saturday (when it was mid 60s outside) so naturally the Strip was packed. We sat at the bar and the bartender quickly got our draft selections. They had a very good draft list by the way. Since it was lunch time the choices were not plentiful but we both ordered a cup of lobster bisque and my boyfriend ordered the cajun catfish bites. The catfish bites came out first. They were "eh" could have taken them or left them. Our soup was forgotten about. After we asked the bartender who did not take our order, we got the soup right away. The soup, now, was very good-it had plenty of lobster in it for the size of the cup and was very flavorful. The guys next to us at the bar ordered a large oyster platter which did look very good so I'd like to go back and try that. Now, our bill was $35. That was not the issue. The issue was that we asked to have it split in half and when we got our credit cards back each one had been run through for $26. Now $26+$26 is way more than $35. So I have no idea how he split it in half. When we pointed this out, he said "I screwed that up huh?", apologized, and corrected it. That bartender had great energy and you could tell he enjoyed what he was doing (or could at least act like it).I'd like to go back and try something else as their soup was promising but the catfish bites missed the mark.
4	The smokes white fish with crostini app, and seared ago tuna with wasabi slaw are both very unique, and different...and good! That was all we had and it was all good and the bartender was very nice. I have yet to get an entree from here!
2	Went to Luke Wholey's with my wife and adult son for lunch on Sat 10/11. Not impressed as there were multiple problems. My wife got a glass of sovenion blanc that was only tap water cold. her. Rather than serving the two soups immediately, the soups were served with lunch and the one was only Luke warm. My wife's French fries and crab cake sandwich were barely warm and it took us well over a half hour to be served. We were expecting much more. The buns were delicious though!
5	I have been to Luke Wholey's multiple times and it has never disappointed. I can honestly say this is one of - if not the - favorite restaurant of mine. It's not too pricey for lunch and the sweet soy seafood trio is one of the best foods I have ever eaten. I don't prefer rice and get it over salad instead but when we came here on Valentine's day and i got the rice - which i love because the sauce is just so amazing! The portions are incredibly generous. One day me and my boyfriend came here and got the shrimp volcano to share. Even after splitting it we had leftovers! The lobster bisque fries are insane. I've never had anything bad here. The worst thing that's ever happened is our server forgot to give us chocolate covered strawberries on Valentine's day. Big whoop! The food and atmosphere make up for that ten fold! Definitely a must try!
5	Consistently amazing! We have dined-in on a couple of occasions and for the past month I've been ordering takeout every Friday to bring to have lunch with my husband at work. The food is fantastic. Freshest fish & seriously abundant portions. I'm impressed that the take out meals are just as fabulous as the dine-in ones. On our first visit, we ordered the fish sandwich for our daughter...she's not 2 yet so it was far too much food for her but it was a beautiful cod sandwich at a beyond reasonable price. Luke came to our table to see if she enjoyed it. Had I realized it was him I probably would've told him he could shrink the sandwich a bit for smaller mouths and charge more if he wanted to! It was delicious but by the time she was done, you couldn't tell she ate anything! I'd love to see some grilled fish sliders with a side of carrot chips on the menu for the little ones. The lobster salad sandwiches (lobster rolls) are PERFECT. They seem to be made with simple ingredients but the taste and presentation are spot on! They are picturesque lobster rolls! We have had both versions and prefer the cold salad sandwich. The lobster bisque is very good but almost more of a lobster chowder. I always expect bisque to be a velvety buttery soup. That's probably my idea of what it should be rather than textbook bisque. Theirs is delicious, but has large chunks of lobster in it...whose complaining, right? The ambiance inside the restaurant is casual and fun, very appropriate for the location and style but we were still surprised and impressed when our plates arrived. All entrees far exceeded our expectations especially given the casual atmosphere. We'll be back today...it's Friday!
1	My husband came to this restaurant on a Saturday night expecting a good meal, however it was definitely over priced for poor quality.  The fact that the place had few customers should have been a red flag. The 'large' shrimp were not worth the price, nor were the 'large' scallops. The lobster bisque fries were disappointing - extremely salty, more like gravy than lobster bisque. I don't cook much, but I'm pretty sure I could make this meal at home. Our drinks were poorly made as well. We will not be going back.
2	I was excited to try this place because everyone was saying it is the best seafood in Pittsburgh. The food was not what I expected. I ordered the swordfish and it was very fishy tasting with a mushy consistency.  My boyfriend had scallops and shrimp which seemed to be over cooked and small. We did have the lobster Mac and cheese which was pretty delicious compared to the rest of the food. The restaurant was very busy and the waiter told us that the kitchen was getting slammed. It could have been a bad night to try this place but I doubt I will try it again. It was very overpriced for the quality of food. There are too many fabulous restaurants in Pittsburgh to visit instead.
5	After a late Saturday night I was looking forward to an early Sunday morning Bloody Mary.  What I stumbled upon wasn't just any Bloody Mary but one that beat all others.  The combination of mix and spice was perfectly complemented with an array of garnish including two giant shrimp!!  The bar was crowded but we were able to snag three seats near the service bar.  The employees and bartenders were extremely busy yet found time to engage with us and the patrons around us. The surrounding dining room looked as if it was taken from an Alaskan landscape.  This place seemed super cool. Unfortunately we were just having drinks but I'm looking forward to dining with them in the near future. Five star Bloody Mary!!
5	Great food and great service. Can't wait to eat there again.
5	My favorite haunt on lazy weekends.  Luke's lobster bisque is the best I've had.  Monterey, Carmel, La Jolla, Fishermans Wharf San Fran, etcetera.  Yet somehow a fisherman in Pittsburgh has the best....by far.   Not to sell Luke short, the entire menu here is spot on.  The staff are happy and friendly. Brian is especially good. A server with friendly attitude and remembers your drink.  Solid all around joint in the Strip.  Highly recommend.
5	The Lobster Bisq was incredible!!!  VERY friendly staff, made you feel at home, truly!!
4	Oh. My. God!  The food here was phenomenal!  This was my first time here and I am in love with the food.  I met a friend here for dinner after finding out about this place through Yelp.  We ordered the decadent lobster bisque fries to share (totally amazing!) and a bottle of the JK's Scrumpy Organic Hard Cider (delicious!).  For our entrees we decided to share the crab stuffed salmon and the lobster mac and cheese.  I really wish that I had taken pictures of the food before we dived in but we were both hungry and the food look so delicious (and it was) that by the time I thought to take a picture our food was already half eaten.  We left with happy bellies and no doggie bags but the portions were generous and had I eaten lunch I most definitely would have taken food home.  There was nothing on the dessert menu that appealed to either of us as it was pretty much just cheesecake, but that was the ONLY downside to our experience.  The atmosphere is relaxed and the place is spacious but you could definitely go dressed up a bit or casual and not be out of place.  The service was above excellent - if you go, ask to be seated in Kevin's section - he was AMAZING!  I will definitely be returning to  Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille and will highly recommend it to my friends and family.  I love it!
3	I want to love this place but the annoying Gerry guy bugs the shit out of you.. Wants to explain the menu like you're retarded! I'd rather go somewhere else and not be annoyed I feel like I was forced into buying food?
4	Great food! Not crazy expensive. Interesting meals as well.Cat fish bites with the Thai dip was my favourite.Would definitely recommend this place for dinner.Great service too.
5	Upon our return, in which we were comped a gift card, the service was excellent, the food even better! I have even received an apology from the waiter. This is my favorite place to eat by far! The oysters are delicious, the Bloody Mary will knock your socks off, the fish is delicious and even something as simple as the cole slaw made with wasabi is absolutely decadent!  I will be back many , many more times!
1	Friday after New Years Day...Wanted to show relatives a good seafood restaurant...Luke Wholeys turned out to be a disappointment and high priced.  My wife ordered a famous bloody mary...It was watery and weak, the bartender made her another one, however, it was like red covered glass of horseradish.  As for food, my wife and I ordered a fish and chips platter that included fries, cole slaw fish 2 scallops and 4 shrimp, all fried.  Fish was good, scallops fair and shrimp average...the fries were cool and wimpy, and we were charged 23.00 then (3.00 extra for sharing which was not explained beforehand.}Service not great, no offers after telling our server of our dissatisfaction.
1	My wife and I went out for dinner the Friday night 1-3-15 it was our second time toe Luke's both time the service was poor but on this night it ruined what was a great meal. Once we had been seated a server came took our drink orders for the woman who would be serving us another waiter brought us the drinks. our server came twice to get and app order and out dinner order then we did not see her until I was half way through the meal. She never offered to refill my water nor offer another glass of wine until my glass sat empty for half of my meal. It took ten minutes for her to cash out of check with the gift card we used and when she dropped of the check it came with no thank you or smile. My wife and I are sorry that we caused this server such heart ache by having to serve us food and drink. The food is good but this will keep us from coming back.
