5	This is by far my favourite restaurant/bar on the Strip.  It has a very rock n roll feel to it.  It's actually much bigger than I thought too.  There are two floors so if  you can't get a seat on the first floor, chances are you'll find one on the top.  Our server was totally on the ball too.  Very sweet, friendly and helpful.  Great service, adorable staff, good drinks.  I ordered a taco salad which was super tasty.  I enjoyed it so much I actually took my time to eat it despite the fact that I was starving.  My friend's tacos were also very good as well as her drink.  Yummy.  The lighting is set dim and red.  I'm pretty sure it just opened because I could barely find any info on it even on the website.  Worth checking out.  I'm definitely going back here again!Edit: I scanned some other not so good reviews.  I guess I came here on a good night.  We also went a little earlier than "usual" for Vegas so that might be why we got good food and good service.  Just a note for all of you who try it later at night and might not be quite as satisfied.
3	I will give this place three stars only because of the food.  We came here twice.  My mom raved about their tortilla soup (I think that's what it was).  They also had a really good salsa (they bring three kinds to your table).  we got the stuffed quesadillas both times, both times yummy.  I also loved the theme, skulls and devil women.I wanted to give less stars because of the staff.  It was almost 11 on a saturday night.  we went to the entrance inside the monte carlo casino.  the girl wouldn't seat us cause the kitchen was closed.  On a Saturday nite in Vegas?  So we went to the front to try there.  We got in, but were totally rushed and our server did not offer us any drinks!  He kept saying crap about the kitchen closing and they might be out of stuff and we need to hurry.  Even if the kitchen does close at 11, they should not rush their customers!  For whatever reason they want their kitchen closed, but come on, it's Vegas!  I guess they want it to be a club or something at night, but drunkards have got to eat, too!  at least have a limited menu, or cut it off later than 11pm!
2	They need to work out the kinks, that's for sure.  Diablo's?  Pray to the devil that you get your food warm and you can see it.1.  The lighting was SO low up top that they had to turn on the disco lights which were then blaring in our eyes.2.  Food came out COLD.  No joke.  We had four plates of tacos and all were cold.  The fajitas were sizzling though.3.  Salsa is excellent.  So good, I asked for a refill.  Um, ok, they charged me $6 for salsa refill.  EXCUSE ME?  4. Drinks were extra strong, but they should be for $10.  And they didn't have Ketel One.  That was a $10 Stoli.5. Waitress was very sweet and trying really really hard.6.  Bartenders downstairs (the girls) were absolutely clueless and it took two of them to figure out how to run a credit card--while 5 of us were still waiting to get served.  Thankfully the guy bartender was on the ball and stepped up to the plate.  He also flashed "Blue Steel."  That bartender deserves 5 stars.7.  I finally complained at the end about the cold food and why were they charging me $6 for salsa when the food they brought out was sub par?  So the manager took off the salsa charge and the $8 chip charge as well.Besides all that, the atmosphere is pretty cool.  I think the downstairs was better.  The hostesses that I encountered were very nice and inquired about our party, what was it for, making small talk.  Overall though, like I said, they need to iron out the kinks.
3	Brand spankin' new restaurant bar on the strip.  Lots of innovative, but not-so-great cocktails on the menu.  (they make a mojito with jalepeno in it..).  The guacamole was delicious!  Although for $8 you'd expect more than a couple spoonfuls of it!  The food was decent and the bar/ambiance was fun.  They definitely still have room for improvement, but I'd return here.
3	The restaurant is only a couple months old, but it seems to draw huge crowds outside the back-end of Monte Carlo (which, for the place itself, is their front side.)  The theme (staffing & atmosphere) was cool, a little on edge but was different from others on the Strip.  It's harder to rate service when you're seated at the bar rather than usual table dining.  Our bartender was excellent, very nice and approachable, and even kept my credit card on her when I went to retrieve it after forgetting it 4hrs prior!The cocktails are a bit far-fetched and somewhat pricey, and they don't even serve pitchers... what kinda bar does that?  Still, they have pretty decent imports on tap, which is nice because a pint is still relatively cheap for the area (6.50 anyone?)  The food was outstanding, at least from what we ordered (carnitas burrito and carnitas tacos[3]) came out hot and fresh.  From other reviews they charged for chips/salsa but ours was free... so I'm not sure if that's a table vs. bar thing or what.  We didn't know about the upstairs until when it became much later at night and saw a girls silhouette dancing around the top left corner of the 2nd floor.  We almost went back in there hahaOverall I'd say it was a good experience.  I'm sure they could improve the bar selection a little bit, but I'd definately go back again.
3	New joint on the Strip. Definitely gets brownie points for lots of TV's, a great bar area, lots of Tequila choices, plenty of chips and salsa, and some pretty tasty food. Minus points for very slow service (not the servers fault but kitchen was too slow for a sunday night) & the weak and pricy drinks. But overall, I like this place. Very big (multi level) so plenty of sitting and standing area. And the food was really tasty again...i had the carnitas burrito and it was damn good. I will definitely go back again for more.
4	Cantina/Restaurant: 3 Stars...Amber... Amber... :    5 Stars...!...the smokin hot gorgeous bartender with the body of a goddess, face of an angel, eyes like a cat, fiery tongued, winked flirtatiously, smiled sweetly, was sexy-knew-it-but-didn't-overdo-it, who fired back one liners with so much attitude and playfulness that she hooked every man/sucka in the place?... her name was Amber.Her name was Amber.(... full review coming soon...)
3	Diablo's has been open for a couple of month's now, but November 18 was my first time visiting the cantina.My first impression is that the motif does not go with the Monte Carlo Hotel and Casino at all. I understand that the Vegas pendulum is swinging over toward the sin city mode, but the "Red Devil Beauty" above the cantina just does not fit the Monte Carlo - but then Dick's Last Resort in the Excalibur does not fit with that hotel either- oh well.... Secondly - they have an impressive array of Tequila for your enjoyment.  There is a "friendly" atmosphere in the bar and dining area. We ate and drank at the bar on the upper level and I think this area will pick up with the party atmosphere when the weather    begins to warm up. I ate the taco salad, it has a very unique presentation and it was supurb. Others had the 4 cheese nachos and I would say that they tended to be fine on the edges but a soggy mess remained in  the center of the pile. The 4 cheese selection could have been improved. The Calamari appetizer  and the tortilla "bowl" was very nice, coming with an assortment of  salsa and tomatillo. Tecate and Dos Equis are on draft at the bar.  They have some unusual and quite average coctails on the menu, but all in all I think this is an enjoyable place to spend time while you are on this end of the Vegas Strip.
4	The atmosphere is nice.  I happened to enjoy the place more because a friend works there.  Free drinks always make a place more delightful.  The music is like any other place they would play at any club.   You can relax on the first floor, eat or have a few drinks at the bar.  If you want a more upbeat atmosphere, go upstairs where there's music playing and people dancing around the bar.  It isn't an exquisite place.  It's more in the area of "Margaritaville" if you've ever been there.  It's a cool little joint to check out on a weekend if you like a crowd of people.
2	I know this place is on the strip, but $55 for 4 drinks??  You've got to be kidding me.  I was here with a group of people celebrating a friend's birthday.  The table service was pretty good considering that we had a party of 15.  Seating was quick and the food came out quickly.I had the pork burrito and it came with beans, rice, and salsa.  I swear it was comparable to Taco Bell and more than 3 times the price.It's a pretty restaurant and conveniently connected to Monte Carlo (I won $67 waiting for my friends).  I don't think it's worth the price.
5	Diablo's Cantina was a hell of a good time!  We stopped in at lunchtime and sat at the bar for a quick drink (that turned into two) and had we not had to leave for the the airport, could easily have spent the whole day at the bar!  Our server, Desi, was great and was happy to share the fantastic drink recipes.  Try the Freida Kahlo or the (sorry, can't remember the name) but the jalapeno tequila mojito.  Can't wait to make a couple of pitchers of these poolside come summer!  In lieu of a meal, we opted to share several appetizers.  I am an avocado junkie and the chunky guacomole, served in an ice cold mortar, and house made tortilla chips, were beyond description--trust me, just order it!  The taquitos were good too, smoky and the pork and chicken filling smoky and freshly prepared.  Our only regret at Diablo's was that we didn't discover it sooner!
4	Talk about branding! Even if you have short term memory loss you'd know you were at a place called Diablo's because everything there says it.This is a great mexican restaurant for white folk who can't stand the heat. They must look hard for jalapenos that have no bite for their poppers. Their salsa? It tastes great, but gets bland after a bit since there's no heat to it. I ordered the pulled chicken burrito which was very good, but start half way in where it gets really good. Again, it got bland though, so I asked for hot sauce and started liberally pouring it. The downside to this is that I really really like the flavors of mexican food and hot sauce just covers the flavor - I want the spice cooked in dernit!As always in Las Vegas, the staff was showing a fair amount of skin which slightly compensates for food with no spice.
2	The restaurant has a nice appearance but the food was disappointing.We got what looked like a heaping amount of guacamole, but in the middle of it they put chips (hidden to the eye until you get there) which made for soggy chips and less guac.  The guac was actually pretty good but that was disappointing.I got the pulled pork sandwich for lunch.  The portions were tiny and there was absolutely no presentation.  For $15 dollars at lunch I expect more food and more presentation than I got.The drinks here are expensive too.  I think they are all about $12 each.  We went for the pitcher of Mojito's and while it was good, it was hard to get the mojito out from all of the ice, etc.I would not eat here again, nor would I recommend it to anyone.
3	Bar was pretty cool to hang out with as all of the bartenders were awesome and very friendly. Jake, I think that was his name, was cool to talk to and gave me and my girlfriends a round of free drinks as it was my bachelorette party. Woohoo!We were seated promptly and our server whom looked like James Blunt was okay. Very serious attitude which I wasn't expecting since it was Vegas and all. We ordered guacamole and was so disappointed to see that they tried to jip you by putting a bunch of tortilla chips on the bottom of the mortar so that they didn't have to put as much guacamole in the mortar. WTH? The entree's were okay. Unfortunately, I got full quickly from the guacamole and so I didn't get to enjoy my piles of cuban pork nachos that I ordered. It looked good, but it was just way too much. Everyone else seemed to enjoy their entree's.Its a great casual place to hang out in Vegas if you want some cerveza's and some good old fashioned nacho's.
3	Cover was $10.  I guess rather cheap for anything on the strip with music.  The all upscale clubs are all going for about $30 each.Pretty casual, we got in with Tennies on.  The alcohol was strong and of course pricey (but where on the strip wouldn't it be).  The music was good....hip hop and then trance.  I like both so it was great for me.  It's a good mix of ppl.  The pseudo go-go dancers had huge bottles of SKY VODKA in there hands and were dancing on stage pouring shots to those that tipped them............boy was I deceived.....it was just PINEAPPLE JUICE!!!  LMAO!!! Cool to chill if you're not dressed and don't know where else to go when you've just driven 4 hours after from LA to VEGAS....
4	Excellent margaritas that use Real Live Limes.  Decent appetizers, and friendly bartenders.  And I'm all about any Vegas place with outdoors potential and not having a view of the inside of a casino.Disclaimer:  Four stars are based on experiences in the downstairs cantina, a few appetizers, and more than a few kick-ass margaritas, on a Sunday night.  Rating may change with attitude of reviewer on next visit (and yes, there will be a next visit), especially if it's on a busier night and I venture upstairs.
5	Awesome Happy Hour! They spin the "wheel of sin" approximately every 15 - 30 minutes and whatever it lands on is the $2 special. The wheel has mostly margaritas, beer, and shots. It is fun and if the crowd is good, people really get in to the wheel spinning. We ordered several of everything the wheel landed on. The food looked good, but we were so full of $2 specials we couldn't eat.
2	My rice and beans were cold. Yuck. The bar vibe is cool. We went there for a birthday - well as tag-alongs to our other friend. Service was okay, but I was very intrigued by the HUGE margarita... $49!! but it was HUUUUUUUUUUUUUGGGGGGGGGEEEEEE.... It was difficult to get refills but an ok night experience overall.
1	casual. loud. ghetto. creeps and cheap half naked Butter-faces (everything is good but her face!!). ew never again.
1	Bad food, bad service.Should change the name to diaBLOW'S.Two stars though for the "free" shot.Never mind, the chicken mascot flipped off my boyfriend. One star.
4	I ate here a week or two after they first opened up.  They must have been trying to impress customers because I received great service from the staff.  My food was pretty damn good too.I order a rack of ribs, which were tender and delicious.  I also wanted to order other racks around the restaurant but they weren't actually on the menu.  Yeah, they had a pretty good looking staff during my visit.  I felt my GF jerkin my chain every now and then just to let me know she was still there, hehe.  Our waitress was very nice and our food didn't take too long arrive.The drinks were average but that isn't much of a complaint since most drinks in Vegas tend to be very watered down.  Would I go here again?  Hell Yeah.  The prices were decent too.  The only true complaint I have is that they didn't have my size T-shirt in stock.  Grrr!
5	Insanely good fajitas.  My mom wanted to go here because she read it was the latest rage for movie stars.  Have to admit, I was quite skeptical.  The menu did not look authentic and it seemed super loud.  It was quite loud, but I have to say I have been dreaming of these fajitas ever since we went.  It will be the FIRST stop we make next time we are back in Vegas.
3	Hubby and I went there for lunch. I had the Santa Fe Chicken Sandwich and it was really big and tasty.  My hubby had the pulled pork tacos which were okay. We weren't really impressed with the chili sauces, absolutely no heat considering the place is called Diablos. Hubby had the Cadillac Margarita and I had the Twisted Sister which I really liked. We didn't go for a second round of drinks because they are way over-priced (around 15 bucks per drink). Overall, seems like a fun place for the younger crowd and looks really happening in the evening with cool DJ and lots of shots!
4	We came to the Monte Carlo to have dinner on Monday night (memorial day) because my fiance's friend really likes the place there called Pub & Brewery, but they were closed on Mondays ... (what something is closed in Vegas???).  so we spotted Diablo's... we were starving and so this is what we settled on.  We ordered the steak nachos which were awesome and pitcher of red sangria which also really really good.  I got steak tacos for my entree... had i known that they put some weird sauce on it that had the faint taste of yellow mustard I would have gone with my first choice of the Empanadas appetizer.  I really don't like special sauce of any kind... so that really bummed me out, but at least I filled up on nachos so I didn't leave hungry.  Others at the table seemed to really enjoy their food also.  My only complaint would be that the service was a little slow.
2	The wait downstairs at 10pm was 1 1/2 hours so my group of 6 and I went upstairs to the bar to try and sit down.  They told us it would be 30 mins yet there were tons of empty tables.  We sat at the bar and waited and finally got a seat.  It really wasn't too busy yet it took for-ever to get our food.  Fajitas for $17? NO WAY worth it.  Should have been $10 or 12.  The chips were fine but the 3 kinds of salsa were weak and not very good at all.  We got "free shots" aka 1/4 a shot of watered down vodka.  It seriously took forever for us to get our entrees and even longer to get the bill.  Nobody was impressed with their food and everything was too over priced.  The view of the strip was beautiful though!
3	I wish there were more places like Diablo's on the strip.  You can walk right up to the bar from the sidewalk and grab a beer.  But like just about anywhere on Las Vegas Boulevard, it cost me $8 for a domestic draught.  That sucks.  The bar area is huge and there's plenty of seats.  Like a previous review says, the layout and atmosphere is fun and comfortable.  Music is going but it's not deafening.  I would recommend Diablo's for a rendezvous point to grab a drink, do some people watching and decide what to do next.  I can't speak for the food.
4	came here twice now. took some scandalous pics with the shot girls, etc.this place is chill. i bet i can come in here wearing my day clothes and it'd be fine. my bf's friend works here so we got special treatment. doesn't hurt my reviews!!the bartenders are super nice, the music is good, and there's enough dance space to shake your bon bon though it's not technically a "club". one of their margaritas sucked. i forget which flavor. you're better off ordering your "usual".
2	This is going to be long but it must be said.Have I got something to say about this place. I just got back from Vegas yesterday for celebrating my 21st birthday. I had picked this restaurant out as a place to celebrate my birthday with my friends. We got free drink passes out on the strip so it seemed meant to be! We got there and the hostess told us it would be a 45 minute to an hour wait. She said we could go upstairs to the bar and wait if we wanted to, and handed us one of those little vibrating things that tells you when it's your time to get a table.Keep in mind, we get there when the sun is fully blazin'.We go upstairs and have a great view of the strip, it was awesome.  We're drinking, having a good time. It starts to get dark and I think to myself, "Wow, it has to be an hour now.." So my friend goes down and asks how much longer. They say 30 minutes. Okay. We still wait. It's been at LEAST 2 hours. I am a little sad about this. My other friend goes down there to speak with the manager. Apparently another hostess and the manager tells her that he doesn't believe we've been waiting 2 hours and that we're full of it. ARE YOU SERIOUS? They finally sit us (we're all completely drunk, this explaining HOW LONG we've waited) and the hostess I've never even spoken to gives me shit in a snotty tone, "Is this good enough for you." Excuse me? I keep my calm. We all sit and I let her know in a polite tone that I chose this place for my 21st birthday and I am bummed out that we were treated like this, as if we are lying. We saw people sit down, eat, leave, sit down, eat, leave upstairs. It just wasn't fair. She feels the need to tell me that smoking is not allowed inside the restaurant because I have my pack in my hand. NO SHIT SHERLOCK. Please take your snotty ass attitude out the door.All in all, the food was good. Our waiter was a very nice gentleman and our food and drinks ended up being free, on the house. I wonder how that became? I thought we apparently were the people in the wrong? Oh, thats right! Maybe it's because they lost the list with our name on it? Yeah, give me a break Diablo's. You knew you were in the wrong.
3	This place is fun and chill, doesn't feel like you are in a casino and has a good view of the strip.  We came at like 7 pm on a saturday and nobody was there, it was so hot though.   we just got some food and it was good, not worth how much it cost, but still good.  It's chill and nice nothing too special but if you want to eat somewhere on the strip without having to dress up or sit by noisy slot machines it works
3	Devilishly cool devil woman standing above the Diablo sign beckons you in.  Surprisingly decent food here, better than I had expected although thats not saying much.  We ate indoors downstairs in the area above the bar.  LOUD, but fun.  My cocktail was extremely watery so I mentioned it to our waitress and she had them make me a stronger one.Diablo's is a refreshing break from the casinos and the strip.  Once there, it feels like you are somewhere different.  That alone makes it worthwhile for at least a drink.
4	We came here with our roomate since he loves it and we had never been. The food was surprisingly good, and the atmosphere was great. I had some tacos that were much better than I was epxecting, My boyfriend got the garbage salad, which he cleaned his plate for. Both also came in fun presentations--not something I expected either. We got the trio of salsas to start, which was pretty typical, and also had a lot of delicious VERY STRONG drinks. I'd go back, but I'd rather try other mexican places in Vegas before going back. I did like how the place was open to the strip, and the service was very, very good even though it was super-crowded.
3	skip the food... but come for the drinks...we did eat there... the food was your standard tex mex, nothing digusting but pretty pricey... They charged for the chips and salsa to start your meal... The Freda drink was fantastic! It was made with fresh blackberries... Also If you're planning on splitting the check , they won't do it... so make sure to have cash and a calculator, after all those drinks who can count?!? lol
3	Didn't eat here. This place has a bar downstairs and a small dance floor upstair. It's free. First time we came here, there was just a DJ playing a good mix of music. Second time, they had a live band performing rock/alternative music upstairs. This place is ghetto, but with good music. They have 2 police upstairs so nothing to worry about. Not a bad place to go. They also have $3 drink specials.
1	BIGGEST WASTE OF $90 EVER!!!  While in Vegas on a recent anniversary trip with the hubby, he spotted Diablo's Cantina with a big ol' devil woman in a bra and panties on the roof, complete with a pitchfork in her hand.  Needless to say, he automatically started begging me to go there with him before we left....besides probably liking the whole "bad girl" motif going on, he is ADDICTED to Mexican food.  Or, at Diablo's Cantina, I should say food POSING as Mexican food.  I honestly really didn't want to go there.....I'll admit it.  To me, it looked super touristy and cheesy and I just knew that there were sooooo many other places to eat in Vegas, many of them very good.  But, it was our anniversary trip and I wanted to make him happy, so I agreed to go.  BIG MISTAKE #1.We grabbed a taxi down there and walked in, saw there wasn't a crowd in the front entrance, so thought "cool....shouldn't be a wait".  Which was a good thing because we were both really hungry.  Talked to the hostess and she said there would be a 20 minute wait.  UGH.  By that time though I didn't really know where to try to go instead, it was 105+ degrees out, I was wearing heels....not feeling the whole trekking thing....so we decided to stay.  BIG MISTAKE #2.After waiting for 20 minutes we finally got a table and, by this time, I was so hungry that I figured no matter what the food was like I was bound to enjoy eating it.  BIG MISTAKE #3.  We ordered the guacamole and chips as an appetizer, a couple of drinks, and our meals.  I ordered the Spiced Grilled Shrimp and my hubby ordered the Tequila Baby Back Ribs...neither of which is your usual "Cantina" food.  Our guacamole and drinks came right away....the guacamole was ok and they gave us a lot of it, which was cool.  I also liked that they didn't take it away when they brought our main courses out.  This would prove to be a very valuable thing considering....When my food arrived the first thing I noticed was that the portion seemed tiny.  My plate consisted of a little pile of greenish colored rice, a thin slice of crispy garlic bread and two short skewers holding 3 shrimp each.  Hmm.  In any case, I dug into the shrimp and they were really good.  Awesome flavor, and they were nice and meaty.  When I started on the rice, however, things went terribly wrong.  In that first bite, I literally thought that I CRACKED A FRIGGIN' TOOTH....on some RICE.  WTF??  My first thought was that maybe that was just a little slightly undercooked rice that came from the edge of the pot but, sadly, no.  The entire serving of rice was so crunchy and hard (not to mention devoid of flavor) that it was literally inedible.  One wouldn't think it would be too easy to ruin rice, but apparently you can.  The little sliver of garlic bread looked like it would be just as hard, but it was actually pretty decent....just very small.  So there I am sitting there.....have eaten everything I could off of my plate and am still SO hungry.  I honestly felt like I'd just eaten an appetizer....a little sample of something.  I ended up nabbing a couple onion rings off hubby's plate and ate a bit more of the guacamole.  I was honestly just trying to get somewhat full because we had a show to go to and I didn't want to be sitting there with a growling tummy.  And, to top it off, I had to just sit there while my husband finished his ribs because he had SO much more food than me.When our leggy, model-looking waitress (they all looked like this, so good eye candy) came to pick up our plates and ask us how things were I mentioned that my shrimp was ok but that I wasn't able to eat the rice at all because it was so undercooked.  She kinda blinked at me blankly and said "ohhhh...ok.....I'll let the cook know"....and that was it.  No sorry, no let me take a few bucks off the bill, nada.  I was sorely disappointed with that...I felt it showed a BIG lack in customer service.  When we got the bill for $90 for THAT, I felt MAJORLY ripped off.  I would be willing to spend $90+ any day for a great dinner in Vegas, but not for a terrible one.  Overall, please do yourself a favor and just skip this place.  We honestly should have...
4	its the monday after a whirlwindish weekend in vegas. my head is throbbing, my stomach is slightly nauseous, and i'm sitting here with my camera in my hand flipping through the memories of this past weeked. WHY DO I NOT REMEMBER A DAMN THING? oh thats right. i had waaaaaayyyyyy too much to drink in a short amount of time. so as i flip through my camera i notice the following:1. me looking relatively sober. i remember this pic. i think we were getting ready to go out. oh look how happy i look.2. me at Tao. yes. i went to Tao. i remember that. 3. me at Diablos with friends. where the hell is Diablos? how did we get there? did we take a cab? who's that weird guy in the back? 4. me with my head in between the boobs of a woman sittng on the bar who is pouring alcohol down my throat. from the looks of her she works there. god, i hope she works there. do i remember this? not so much.5. jagerbombs. lots of them. in a row. who bought these? 6. tequila shots!?!???!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!? wtf is wrong with my friends?7. me smiling and sitting next to some guy. vague memories of him being from alaska maybe? alabama? one of the A states. sure why not.i woke at 11a the next morning with a vague memory of awesomeness. according to my friends' accounts, i was in rare form and diablo's was there to provide all sorts of alcoholic debauchery. i also somehow managed to completely lose my treo and my dignity. 4 stars, diablo's.
3	The food and drinks are decent here...if you ever get a chance to order any!!!!!! WORST SERVICE EVER!!!!! Every single table was waiting to get service....with one couple waiting over an hour and only got 1 drink (needless to say, she threw her bill at the manager when he expected her to pay)!!!! I bet you're assuming they were busy!?!?!? NOPE!!!! There was no one there!!!! We finally got service from the one waitor who was workin his butt off to pick up the slack from the other servers! We enjoyed the food when it finally came, and tipped him well to show our appreciation.
2	I saw so many people in this place...Thought it must be somewhat good right?went upstairs, their customer service suckedbartenders doing their own thing taking their sweet time..too many flies..means not very clean...typical loud music...I just ordered the nachos...pretty big, tasted alright but nothing memorable..took way too long to get my credit card....is slow service something people enjoy at this place?I should of just went to Mcdonalds or something...well then again, It is like right next to the monte carlo which is a crappy place to stay at anyways..I should of figured... =_=
4	This place was pretty cool.  I went there three times during the two days I spent in Vegas a week ago.  They spin a wheel every half hour to determine the drink specials.  Three dollar Jager shots and three dollar rum and cokes were some of the possibilities.  The bartender did some tricks with the whiskey bottle.  Probably not the coolest place on the strip, but I had fun.  And the bartender recognized me the second time I came in, and I can appreciate that.  I didn't try the food.
3	Pretty decent Mexican food on the strip.  I like the fact that it has an entrance from the street - you don't have to trek through the Monte Carlo to access it.  That was definitely a bonus for me.The margaritas came out of a slushie machine, so that was sort of disappointing - sure, I drank it, but I prefer places where they make each drink individually.It was super loud in there.  The atmosphere was cool and it was definitely more of a bar vibe, which I enjoy, but they really could stand to turn the volume down just a notch or two.  Conversation with difficulty.The food though was outstanding.  We started with chips and three different kinds of salsa - all of which were good.  And spicy.  Not too spicy, just enough.  My dining companion had the taco salad and is still raving about it.  I had the chicken burrito and it melted in my mouth.  So all in all the food was excellent.I would say the service may have needed some help - despite the margarita coming out of a slushie machine we still didn't get our drinks until after the food arrived.  That was a negative for me.  No liquid and spicy salsa don't mix very well.All in all, yes, I recommend.
4	Went there for an early-ish lunch (really was a "brunch" for us since we had woken up late (it is Vegas after all) and had missed the breakfast time frame.  We were quite happy with what we got - we weren't expecting anything overly authentic or gourmet.  We wanted good 'ol Americanized Tex-Mex food and that's what we got.  This isn't Mesa grill and it isn't a little Mexican restaurant that serves roasted goat head.   It is a Mexican restaurant on the Vegas Strip with a giant she-devil in the logo.  Doesn't make it bad though - it is flavorful and satisfying.  Our burritos were great and the salsas served with the chips were different and surprising.  The margaritas were also excellent.  Again, nothing too special, but tangy and well-made (and not out of a slushee machine unless you ask for them frozen).  So don't kid yourself - this isn't a gourmet experience, but if you want some good, predictable Tex-Mex and Margaritas that will satisfy you, then give it a shot.
3	i came here friday night after a mediocre experience at LAX. there was a line and i was kind of irritated because it took me so long to get over there, but the girl at the door immediately approached my friend and i and let us in for free.. score! i found the boyfriend and the rest of my drunk crew and was pleased to find a dance floor with enough space to move around. the DJ was pretty good, unfortunately i didn't buy any drinks because i was broke and had a flight leaving in a few hours that i absolutely could NOT miss. i did however, get a shot poured down my throat by the hot gogo dancer! let's talk about this. i'm a dancer and thus i watch gogo dancers. these girls are actually hot [seeing as how the ones in SF are.... not most of the time. haha] and all have their own style of dancing, but bottom line is they're workin' it and make the environment fun.
4	I was invited to an open bar for my friend's work function and I was surprised with how much I enjoyed Diablo's.  We had a booth upstairs in the outdoor patio and the weather was perfect.  Their touch of California/Spanish decor and outdoor Christmas lights gives off a chill vibe.  As for their food: nachos and pizza were super yummy, mojitos were good and the service was awesome.  They were bringing us drinks left and right!
3	I've been here twice- once for lunch and once for "Rockstar Karaoke" on a Monday night.  Lunch was ok. I had some grilled shrimp and rice- the shrimp was far too spicy. It killed any other flavor in my meal. The three salsas that are served with the chips and salsa were great. I especially liked the green tomatillo salsa.  Hubby had tacos and mom had tortilla soup and empanadas. All were good. We also got giant cocktails in take home plastic cups which made me feel like I was at a frat party. We did meet some crazy Canadian guys who fit the frat party mold as well.Our second visit was for a Monday night event called "Rockstar Karaoke". People sang karaoke songs with a live band backing them up. This was a blast- although I didn't sing on stage, I definitely lost my voice screaming the words to everything from "Smells Like Team Spirit" to "Since You've Been Gone". Great times- I will come back here!
2	We came here to watch the playoffs. I made a reservation since I knew it was going to be busy. I knew everyone will be looking for a table to watch the games. The host told me not to worry and that my table will be ready. When I got there, I didn't get my table and we had to wait for the upstairs to open. This bar was not ready to host any big games. The bartender that served my margarita didn't make it right. So easy to mess up a margarita..  Food was ok. Regular bar food. They were not very accommodating especially when you have reservations. The hostess just sat everyone that walked in. She had no clue about playoffs Sunday. I should've just watched the games at the sports book in a casino. Atleast they give out free drinks!
2	We stayed at the Monte Carlo and had a couple of complimentary drink passes so we decided to check this place out. We arrived on a Friday and after spending all day driving and shopping at the Forum Shops and the shops at Planet Hollywood (can't remember the mall name) we decided to 'take it easy' and save the major clubbing until Saturday night....at least our plan was to "take it easy". We were going to get 1 drink then head back to our room or do some gambling. But you know how that goes.....1 drink turns into 5 Long Islands and 4 shots and the next thing you know it is 5 am and they are kicking you out! WTF???? Anyways...didn't try the food....drinks were inexpensive (I think.....at least compared to Tryst and XS) but not the best quality of alcohol. Of course I didn't ask for specific brands so I am sure their house stuff was cheap and most likely the reason I had a killer headache in the morning. At the higher end clubs I didn't ask for specific brands either but I guess for $16 a cocktail they better use premium stuff. Fun place but definitely not a club or a hot spot in Vegas. Very casual attire......jeans.
2	Back to my Vegas trip...We came here after walking around on the strip and aside from the place being super dark I was kind of excited to see what they had to offer.  First we must have came in the back way because I couldn't find the hostess or a server walking about.  Finally tracked one down and after some finagling we got seated upstairs.  The upstairs was nice but we didn't get a good seat to view the strip so we got tucked away in a corner which probably lead us to being ignored for a good 30 mins before we even got our drinks let alone placed our order.  I should have taken the cue to leave then.  We placed our orders and the waiter disappeared for another hour and finally brought back our food.  Seemed he was preoccupied with the lovely ladies in the other part of the restaurant.  I don't blame him, but at least check back once in a while.  We ate and left, the place was decorated well but the food was pretty mediocre.  Disappointing.
3	$3 drink specials during happy hour really means if you order the cheap beer, you might end up paying $3.75 after tax. However if you want anything decent, you will still end up paying a vegas standard price.  I ordered two margaritas here because the wait lines were just too long at the bar. They have a side bar where drinks are quickly prepared. Two strong margaritas with some cheap house J.C. tequilla came out to be about $18.  Its a good pitstop if you are cruising down the strip and looking to get hammered. It gets too busy on the weekends to actually sit down and drink though.
4	A must go  when you visit VEGAS .....the restaurant are from 11am-mid...the bar close's at 2am.....if like margarita  you want to have the 44oz. CASA MARGARITA...its a classic..if like martini's ....you got to get the..SINFUL VIXEN...its a little sweet..its sneeks up at you..it kick your ass..order appetizers..chicken quesedlla..nancho's..etc...open bar that has a porch..that you can kick back...and do people watch..on the strip..
4	Diablo's is definitely a place you want to go to during your next trip to Vegas. After sitting there for a minute, I realized that I had already fallen in love with this place without even tasting the food. The atmosphere was cool and upbeat and the place was packed! Thank God for reservations. I wasn't that hungry when I got there and noticed the HUGE portions. Mounds of nachos, the hugest pyramid of guacamole, cocktails by the pitcher. I opted for an appetizer - chicken and pork taquitos. I also added a side of rice and beans. Deeeelicious! My friend and I ordered a pitcher of Sinful Vixen and yes, as others have noted it is AMAZING! Sweet but you can definitely taste the alcohol. Our other two friends weren't going to drink as they were saving up for one of those guitars full of liquor at the Rock House. Buuut once they had a sip of Sinful Vixen we had to order another pitcher for them! :) The only reason why this place is not getting a 5 star rating is because the service was a bit slow partly because of the flock of diners. I will definitely come back to Diablo's again and again though. I'll post some pictures later.
3	Diablo's Cantina is another newish addition to the Monte Carlo, really reasserting it's image from the strip with a bikini-clad devilish vixen with a pitchfork standing on the roof. It's a pretty dull place to stay unless you're pumped about Lance Burton or ecstatic over the deal you scored on the room. Who knows if the poor place will go under once CityCenter is entirely built and it covers the Monte Carlo in with its omnipotent shadow.From first glace, the food is no different than Chevy's in that you can order appetizers, sampler platters, sizzling fajita platters and the like. It was really kind of bunk that you can't just grab a table in the bar area because you actually have to check in with the hostess. However, the lunch wait wasn't that bad actually.I ordered the 44oz Sancho which is their $19 margarita that comes in a collectible cup with a lid and a straw. Trust, the lid was needed as we got a ride right after and I was totally taking advantage of the Nevada allowance of open containers in moving vehicles. The blonde bartender hooked me up with extra tequila, and gave me more change than necessary. I gave her $100 and I got $89 back, so I upped her tip a little. Thanks!We had just a few appetizers for a light lunch (saving ourselves for the Village Seafood Buffet). Beware, the guacamole comes in a huge mortar with a Sancho cup full of chips. The serving only looks big, until you dig about halfway down and discover that chips are used as filler for about half of the volume of the mortar.Here's a tip, keep an eye out for the promoting ladies in the lobby of the Monte Carlo by the elevator and by the cashier cage in the casino because they're often handing out two for one coupons for margaritas. Sadly, I don't think these coupons are valid for The Sancho.
2	1.5 stars; The food was seriously pathetic. So, why any stars at all? Good service and some blended drinks that kicked some ass.The order:Mexican Pizza: 2.5 stars (not crispy at all, and unoriginal)Empanadas: 1 star (the all-spice seasoned meat was disgusting when coupled with its blended dog food texture)Taquitos: 2 stars (no flavor whatsoever...bad meat texture...thank god it was topped with some decent guacamole)Steak Fajitas: 2 stars. (Alright flavor, but, again: the meat was horrible. very chewy and tenuous)Chips and Salsa: 3.5 stars (chips were crisp and there was a variety of salsas. none stand out as notable)This food was so horribly lame that it almost ruined my trip to LV. Thank god they make a mean Barcardi 151 Daquiri, or  i'd have been real pissed.i do not recommend this place to any yelper for any reason whatsoever.i'll post photos soon.xo-andrea
3	Food and drinks were decent for what you pay and not horrifically overpriced. Service wasn't bad. Compared to other places I've tried in Vegas, I'd go back. Nice atmosphere.
2	Food was decent enough, but Diego at the MGM is much better.  The service here was horrible both times I sat down to eat a meal.  It was impossible to get the waiters attention.I ordered a Sol (Mexican Beer) the waiter bought a 7 oz bottle.  Not that I mind the smaller size but it would have been nice to have been told up front that they didn't have the normal size.We waited a solid 15 minutes after the food was brought out for one of our party to get silverware. We saw the waiter 3 times total in a one and a half hour meal.
4	I was in Vegas for the Week of New Year 09. and My friends and I did New Years on Fremont Street, so on the weekend we went to Diablo's Cantina. I thought it was a fun place, with a good combo of music, drinks and people. I will be returning in May when I go to Vegas for the No Doubt concert.
3	It was my third day in Vegas (on a family vacation) and I still hadn't gotten around to having a drink. In large part cause I was trying to spend time with the parents, who are not big drinkers, and in part because I still feel a little weird going into a place and sitting down at the bar alone (especially when it's filled with old men- which seemed common).I ended up coming into Diablo's, sitting down at the bar, and ordering a strawberry daiquiri. I was a little sad to see that it came in a plastic cup and that it wasn't as delicious as I've had before, but.... it was booze and the staff were great. I was considering ordering another, but.... I got a call and I had to leave. I left happy.
2	the waitress was nice but then again what waitress isnt when your in vegas.the food was pretty predictablebland salsa & guacamole :(no refill on chips at all you gotta pay again for more chips!?!thats not cool.and almost everything besides the side orders are expensivesnd over-priced.i ordered the baked potato and it was very good for it being $4 cant beat that but dont expect a ehole meal at a decent price.
2	sub-par service. food is overpriced crap. you can find better food at hole in the wall's like Dona Maria's or Tonys...even Roberto's Taco shop has better food.Also, the Battle of Bands that they are currently hosting is sure to be rigged. For the past two weeks, the losing bands had received more fan support than the ones that actually "won".
2	I read reviews on the food at Diablo's here on yelp.  I should have listened to them.  The rice, beans and salsa were some of the worst I've ever had.  You have to pay for chips and salsa.  The guacamole was decent but was $12 and they don't give you very much. I had the rock shrimp tacos which were on the bland side.  Considering the price of this restaurant, you can find much better alternatives.  Try Pink Taco or Diegos instead.
3	This place is alright.  I would only come here for people watching and margs during the day.  The food is blech worthy.
2	I'll make this quick and to the point.The service here is awful.  We saw our waiter 4 times.  They charge for chips and salsa.  The service here is awful.The fajitas are really good.  The salsa is not even close to mildly hot.The service here is awful.Happy Hour has good deals.  They spin a wheel every half hour, had $3 Jack Danials when I was there.The service here is awful.It was 9ish when they had hot girls dancing on the bar.The service here is awful.That is all.
1	If your waiter has a faux hawk and mutton chops, go ahead and kick that d-bag in the balls for me.  This was the worst service I have ever had in my life.  Took two hours to eat a quesadilla cause our ass whipe of a waiter couldn't be found.  When he was found, he would bring you the wrong drink, or poor water into your soda.All in all, I would give this place zero if I could.  I just hope that DoucheBag McMuttonChops didn't spend his $0.20 tip in one place.
3	Good food, fun atmosphere though the service was slow at best. Guacamole had a touch too much lime, but that is not unusual with pre-made. My boyfriend had the fajita combo (shrimp and steak) save the dollar and get the shrimp. I had the 4 cheese enchilada, which could have been warmer,  but they were understaffed that day. All in all, we would come back for lunch again, the free margarita was enticement enough. It would be nice to have the margarita in a glass, but this is Vegas and you gotta walk and drink!
5	THIS IS THE PLACE TO GO.Went to this place on Friday night when I arrived in Vegas.  I have to say that i love this place.Great beer...Great Food....  and the DANCERS on the bar were OFF THE HOOK.If you are a big girl or dorky guy who don't have much self Esteem, I wouldn't go here if I Were you.  Also, if you are the jealous type who don't like your man looking at other women DON'T EVEN THINK ABOUT GOING HERE.The booty on the bar is definitely  some of the best in Vegas (and they don't charge for you to look)The Girls working there walk around 1/2 dressed and will give you a shot of booze (watered down of course) for free.  They dance on the bar and let's just say...  you can't really look at anything else.I will be going back
3	*sigh*... i guess tiny little wings are now the standard. i only came here for the wings because ever since we got to vegas... i've been craving wings since someone mentioned it. we ordered 16 hot and 16 super hot (we had just eaten at a korean restaurant an hour ago). there were 6 six people and i ended up eating 16. guess that means it was good or the wings were too small so in reality i only ate 8. really though... i liked the sauce. the super hot ones weren't THAT spicy... but definitely had a good kick. i felt bad for eating so much so we ordered another 32. we had nachos before our wings came out... typical nachos. we asked for some jalepenos on the side and it came out to be $2!! it was in a 2 oz container. i know nothing is free in vegas (except parking) but come on.
2	I've definitely had better. The food was great! But the service SUCKED!! We decided to eat a late lunch and figured we would miss the crowd, we did which was nice. The place looks cool, and has an upstairs bar that looks over the strip. All of us enjoyed our food but as I said the service was not good. We waited 15 minutes for the waiter to ask what drinks we wanted and then another 10 for the drinks to arrive (a soda, water, and 2 margaritas). Our food was taken to the wrong table sat there for 10 minutes then they realized the mistake and brought them to us, we refused to accept them and demanded a new appetizer. Then later in the meal my sister asked for an extra pickle with her burger and they said it would cost $1.00. Also, she was going to get another soda and they wanted to charge her for another and she declined. Over priced, bad service, but good food. Your choice.
4	Okay so this was my 2nd time here at Diablo's Cantina. Once we got out of the No Doubt Concert once again it was past midnight and again too late to hit any of the clubs I was on guestlist for. I had been here before and knew it was a good atmosphere. Highlights women are free, it's an open air bar so plenty of cool breeze, great margarita's, free shots from the hot girls dancing on the bar, and the music is a great mix of hip-hop, house, reggeaton, salsa, everything. It's two levels, upstairs is more of a lounge feel, while down stairs is more of a bar atmosphere. However you can dance either upstairs or downstairs. Good eye candy from a buffet of guys.( meaning a variety of races). No complaints about Diablo's Cantina. I love this place!!
1	Is there a zero star?This place would be great if you got to sit in the open area but we were stuck up against the side of a window.  It was awful and hot.  The food was mediocre.  How can you screw up a burrito?  They did.  The rice was white rice smothered in tomato sauce.  That is a far cry from Mexican rice.  We had no utensils when dinner came.  We asked the server for them.  He had his back to us and never acknowledged that he even heard us.  We went up to the bar for our own utensils.  After some time our server came back saw we had utensils and promptly threw on the counter across from us.  Basically not that great.  Gets great business because it is on the strip and in the Monte Carlo hotel.  Skip it.  Go to Fatburger.
4	Love it!  This place was a lot of fun, had a great band and a decent sized dance floor.  It was fun partying upstairs under the stars while The Streets played set after awesome set.  It's a mixed crowed.  I didn't feel like the oldest one there.  I don't know about the food.  I didn't even know they served food!  It was free to get in and drinks were about $6 bucks.  I would definitely go back.  We made a night of it and were very pleased.
2	Mexican restaurants that charge for chips and salsa make this fatty sad. :(The real tragedy is that the chips seemed to be served to rich patrons in giant margarita glasses, and that looked really fun.
4	while cruising the strip-- jason and i decided to stop by for a drink. lo and behold, we leave with a gigantic fishbowl of alcohol in our hands :] it was massive for twenty bucks and the alcohol the bartender poured in was half of the fishbowl. yikes! good thing we were sharing that sucker.all in all, pretty good experience-- service was great, didnt have to wait long even though it was pretty crowded! i will definitely come back here on a later trip!
3	A friend recommended this place. After landing it was our first stop and can't really complain too much. One star for the food (nothing too special or out of the ordinary) and two starts the the location. In fact, the best part of Diablo's is the location. We sat on the patio looking over the strip and had the best people watching. SIT ON THE PATIO!
2	When I think of Vegas, I do not think of Diablo's.The first time I came to Diablo's was a year ago. Had I written this review a year ago I might have given it three stars... alcohol clouded my judgment at that time. I was drunk, gettin crunk, and the music was GOOD the night I was there.Fast forward one year, and Diablo's has lost a star. We came here because it was my friend's birthday and he loves this place. The crowd was, umm, unattractive. Sorry, but when I'm in Vegas, I want to be surrounded by people who want to live it up as much as I do, and when I say live it up, I mean, live it up in a classy way, and look cute. Anyway, this time, the music sucked, the drinks were lousy and the overall vibe was meh. Had I been drunk, I think I would have not only still given Diablo's two stars, but I might have left. Sorry Diablo's. Oh and your go-go dancers were BAD DANCERS. Needless to say, Diablo's made me feel like the hottest girl there, which is cool I guess. I don't ever want to go back though.
2	Went for lunch.  The food was ok but a bit expensive.  The baby back ribs disappointed - don't order that.  Drinks were good and expensive.  $60 for lunch, hmm, not worth it.  Anyways, it's an open walled restaurant right on the strip, so quite popular.  But at over 100 degrees that day, it was very hot if you are sitting close to the street.  Inside get a bit of A/C.  Learning - don't go for lunch.  Maybe ok for drinks or parties at night.
4	again, very good food, LOVE the atmosphere, sexy waitstaff abound.  Some of the best tortilla soup I have ever had... I had a salad... grilled corn, avocado, black beans, BBQ chicken, etc... was SO good but HUGE so I wasted it :(  i really dig this place!
1	The $3 happy hour drinks are $7. Chips are out of the bag and the food was not very good. Took us 20 minutes to get our check. This place is not good at all.
1	If I could give them a zero stars I would.  Diablo's Cantina at the Monte Carlo has the worst service.  I actually have been there twice and both times the service was bad.  I had forgotten how bad it was, though.  The second time was worse and I will never go back there.  There are several servers yet they never seem to be anywhere to be found.  It took forever for them to come take the order and you pretty much had to get out of your seat and search them out or find a busboy or someone else to try to find your waiter to get any additional help.  It was such a pain to get more water, or more chips, or your paycheck, and if there was something wrong with your food it was easier to just eat it then get it fixed or get something else.  My friend's food was less then desirable, but she ate it anyway because it was a lost cause to do anything about it.  I saw some of the waiters in the corner just talking to each other, hanging out, not giving a care about their responsibilities.  Then when we left we saw a group of waiters out in the back smoking and we finally figured out were all the waiters seem to disappear, they were having a party out back.  Talk about needing new management.
1	This place looked cool but the service was not.  We were a group of 6 and we were shuffled from one place to another becuse we were just getting drinks, but no one acutally showed us where to go, they just pointed and said "over there". Finally, we were given the option to sit out side but waited for several min and no one took our order. We went straight to the bar, ordered, drank our drinks and left to never to return. Oh we were staying at the Monte Carlo too.
1	Rating should be negative 5 stars  " -5 stars " you know when you are buzzed and happy w/ your group and looking for some tasty mexican food....well lets just say not even being happy & buzzed made up for the food.it started off w/bad  service a waitress who walked away while taking your order, never making eye contact, looking like she was trying to break a kgb code.  it is a simple menu with not much of a selection i paid $16 for hard rice, cold beans that tasted like they were sitting on a counter in a pot ALLLLLL day and two tacos that were also cold with tuff steak (if my dog delilah was there i would thrown the meat under the table) anyhow all i kept thinking was who ef ups a taco???? i would have paid $20 for 1 taco from King Taco or JackinBox.  i picked tacos because the rest of the menu wasnt even appealing, they try too hard to be "baja" they are way off  although it does smell like a bar on revolution boulevard in Tijuana,  the drinks are super expensive too but even if you have money dont expect a waitres to keep em coming. anyhow if you are looking for good mexican food, please dont go here.  but for those of you who are interested in tequila shots w/the worm go for it.....peace out
1	Very disappointing.  My friend and I had lunch at this place, and I wish we went somewhere else.  We decided to order the special appetizer of the day which was "chips and dip" but the dip was disgusting.  It was layered, the bottom being a layer of refried beans, then three cheeses, and a spoon of guacamole on top.  The guacamole was good, the beans were ok, but the cheese tasted like government cheese that you would find on an elementary school lunch tray.  Yuck.  For our main meal, we both ordered the fish tacos.  The fish was far from fresh, and I believe it was the cause for my tummy ache a few hours later.  The only good thing I had was the frozen margarita...and the only good thing about it was that it was frozen.  With it being hot as hell outside, that drink was a godsend.  Never again will I visit you Diablo Cantina...never again.
4	I love coming here with my boyfriend for lunch. I always get the Chips and salsa but always ask for the light green salsa only because it's our favorite! Then I always order the steak tacos. I'm never disapointed with them, they are yummy! It's also fun for us when we go because they have a $3 happy hour where they spin the wheel ever 30 min for a different drink special. I always hope for a Mexican beer to pop up. One gripe, on the last spin of the happy hour it always seems that the bartender "fixes" the spin on Jack Daniels cocktails. WTH!! Who wants Jack anyway not me!! Pacifico beer please! So after happy hour we decided to try the tequila flight and sample 3 types: blanco, repesado, and anejo. We received a very generous pour!! Needless to say we got our buzz on and left happy! All and all I love the vibe here but service does lack from time to time, it's hit or miss. I posted a pix of the tequila flight ;)
4	Food was comped by the Monte Carlo. Had a good time for lunch. Sat at the window so we could people watch. had a good marguerita and the steak cuesadilla. Party of four and we all enjoyed the food and atmosphere.
1	If you are looking for edible food, do not go here.  My husband and I ordered the chicken nachos.  The plate was piled high with goop.  There was some nasty liquid cheese on the very bottom of the plate which just made all the chips above it really soggy.  Service was fair at best.  I think the waitress knew better than to come back and ask us how the food tasted.  We felt like this place was a complete waste of time and money.  Diablo's hasn't figured out the importance of repeat customers, which is a real waste for such a prime location on the strip!
2	This place it just O.K.  There was a wait to get in and when we got seated we got the high bar stool chairs and after an hour my feet fell asleep.  The service was TERRIBLE.  The waitress was difficult to find.  My boyfriend never had his drink refilled.  The food was below average but the prices were NOT.  I had a super huge Margarita that was great though and that was the only redeeming thing about the place.  Still it has a good location on the strip...but if you are looking for quality food...keep walking.
4	pros... great place for the tired and hungry.  went here right after my first flightlining trip.  since we were staying at the monte carlo, this was the best spot to eat and then run up to the hotel room to rest a bit before going out again.the place wasn't completely packed but it was getting there.  we got a table very quickly no waiting at all.  our table was nice and big and our server was great.  he was quick with the orders and very on it.  we never had an empty cup around and empty plates and dishes were removed quickly.  food was quite good, i had the carne asada steak plate, cook medium rare.  it was slightly over cooked, but nothing too bad.  it had some beans, rice, some salsa, and 4 flour tortillas as well.  good.  my wife had the nachos, pretty much the same plate as mine but in nacho format, also good.  i must say that i did have some alcohol to drink while i was there.  i think i just had to, seeing as i just got back from the flight lines.  i was feeling great, so the whole table ordered the Paloma Blanca which was awesome, so fresh tasting.  order by the pitcher it's cheaper.  cons... don't order the empanadas, unless you like the taste of taco bell meat with some raisins.  eww!  oh have the t.v.'s on and have some closed captioning on it too.  just in case you really want to know what's going on.
3	No ...it hasn't been 5 years since I've been to a frat party...it was since last week that I've been to a frat party.In Las Vegas people get possessed I hear and I guess I caught it atDiablo's CantinaHungover, tired, hungry ...we, insomniacs, stopped by anyways to continue this drinking marathon. We did not have a chance to dine here but this place was packed up to the ceiling.Even though... the Mexican food that I saw on the tables were mouth-watering especially the volcano of nachos piled with everything looked so yummy. They definitely serve in big portions at this place.One of my girlfriends ask the mixologist to concoct the strongest pitcher ever and he happily did it for us. I forgot the name of it but it was soo good. Sucks that I forgot about my yelper obligation of asking what the name of the drink was but what matters is that this restaurant seem lenient and quite accommodating to the customersThey did ignite some fun by putting out games...I don't know the concept of the game but there is a game wheel located at the bar which the customers can join in and they have hot chicks spin it for the audience's viewing pleasureDiablo's is the place for a big frat party and quite the scene for large groups so if you really mean chug  business  then stop by with your buds and don't forget the timer =)
2	This place is all right.  Just all right.  Bordering on whatevs.  We were there in middle afternoon so it was probably a little more quiet than it gets on a Saturday evening.  The spinning wheel for drink specials is okay.  Though it didn't really work for us.  When we came in, specials on Dos Equis.  Sweet.  Refreshing.  Good with the nachos et cetera.  Next was Jack Daniels.  I love whiskey, but not a great combo.  And certainly not appreciated by my table mates.Fun gimmick, but I've been to these places where . . like, several choices are on special.  Maybe if each section of the wheel included a beer and a liquor selection. The guacamole wasn't unholy, but it also wasn't great.  We were pretty sure it was that fairly decent stuff you can get in the frozen section of Costco.  The nachos were fine.  The chicken on there was nicely seasoned and not too dry.  The empanadas were good, a little less so for the price.  It is big and wide open, has a nice view of the strip.  You can have fun here.  You can also probably be slightly disappointed here.
4	Ok, so the fourth star is really for our 2 pitchers of Paloma Blaco margaritas. Sorry, they're light, they're refreshing, and they go down well after a day of screaming down hills and mountains in Boulder City.We checked this place out because during our latest trip to Vegas we stayed at the Monte Carlo and we were HUNGRY. Table for six at 12:30 was relatively easy to procure.All in all a great time, the chips were light and salted just right, served with 3 types of salsa. Only thing is I kept waiting for the most interesting man in the world to come and sit with us and say "stay thirsty, my friends."The food is ok, satisfying with good portions, if not 100% delicious (a la El T, OTB, etc), but good times with lots of good looking people around.
1	This was my hotel bar.  What a disappointment.  The service was horrible as they were slow and rude.  I really like mexican food and wanted to eat here, but it seemed like too much trouble to ask for a menu or even a recommendation on a dish.  I went about three different times throughout my stay in hopes of having a better experience, but no luck.  Even the atmosphere was annoying: waitresses that have a competition on who can dress the trashiest using red and black, cheesy saying hanging from the bar, etc.  The wheel thing is clever, but not clever enough to make this place worth going to.
1	Kind of like being in a sweaty-teenager filled bar in Mexico. The upstairs literally smelled like vomit but at least there were two cops at the door all night. I guess you should check it out if you like to enjoy things ironically.
4	This place looks cheap from the outside so I didn't know what to expect, but it ended up being a really cool bar. Came here to watch a football game and the really enjoyed it.
3	We went here last friday around 10:00pm for dinner and drinks. One of my guy friends suggested this place for their heavily alcoholic beverages. We definitely got the hook up with $3 house margarita coupons and free house margaritas with entree coupons. There were seven people in my group. When we got to the restaurant, they told us that it was going to be an hour wait for seven people. No biggie - we took our $3 drink coupons to the bar window that they have for people outside. We ended up waiting less than 30 minutes for a table, sat down, and ordered another round of drinks. We ordered food right away. Another round of cheap drinks and our entrees came out right away. The food was ok - as expected for a group oriented restaurant in Vegas. I ordered the steak nachos - nothing special, but the portions could probably feed 3 people. The entertainment was, well ... entertaining. There were a bunch of amateur dancers on the bar that kept our dinner conversation interesting. One of the girls apparently was a ballroom dancer during the daytime hours.In total, we ordered 7 entrees and probably 6 or 7 rounds of drinks. Our dinner total was $180 including tax and tips - not bad at all considering we were full and very intoxicated! All in all, Diablo's is a solid Vegas restaurant.
2	Pros: Good place for people watching on the strip if you get a table close to the open windowsCons: Mediocre and overpriced food
2	The service was HORRIBLE.  We were seated right away and waited for the waitress for about 30 minutes before she even asked for our drink order.  About 20 minutes later we got drinks and needless to say another 20 before she came back to take our order.  She really looked like she was lost.  She took everyones order except mine so I asked her if it was o.k. for me to order something??  So annoying!!  Then when I asked her for a to go box for leftovers she brought me a plastic cup!!!  WTF??  I will NEVER eat there again.  I will however stop at the window outside to get a margarita because those weren't too bad!!  Oh...and did I mention how F'n expensive it was??  $16 for a 2 taco combo and the beans tasted like Rosarita canned beans!!  YUCK!!
1	Only the atmosphere and drinks save this place the food is horrid and service blows.
3	My friends and I decided to try Diablo's out since it seemed more "fun" than the Monte Carlo Cafe. We needed a decent restaurant to eat and drink at before we started getting ready for our night out on the town. The wait was give or take 30 minutes - which seemed like the longest 30 minutes ever. All of us decided to check out the menu so we can decide what we want once we sat down knowing the service was going to be slow since it was a Saturday night and the restaurant was busy. Within those 30 minutes I had changed my mind 3x on what to order. Grrreat - that's what happens when you give me time, I change my mind! On to the dining selections.... (we all shared) -- Appetizer Sampler - Beef Taquitos, Potato Skins, Diablo Wings (Mild), and Calamari (Rating: 3/5) The potato skins were delicious! -- Diablo Burger - The patty was at least inch and a half thick, the bottom bun was hard as a rock, but the fries were fried to perfection! (Rating: 2/5) -- Pulled Chicken Burrito (dry) with sauce on the side - According to my friends it was good. It came with rice, beans, sour cream, pico de gallo, and guacamole on the side. (Rating 3/5) -- Rockin' Shrimp Tacos - The shrimp was battered and deep fried served in a flour tortillas (3 small tacos) served with rice, beans, sour cream, pico de gallo, and guacamole. The shrimp tasted delicious (Rating: 3/5) The wait was a-okay, I was starving so my stomach was biased about the wait time here. The waitress was very attentive for the first half of dinner, she stopped by at least 3x to ask us if we were doing okay. However the last half of the meal we were completely ignored. The food was nothing fantastic nor was it that bad. If you're staying at the Monte Carlo and need a decent place to eat besides the buffet or cafe - come to Diablo's. Decent prices for the food and atmosphere makes it a fun experience.
3	Diablo's is located on the strip in front of the Monte Carlo Resort & Casino.  They have a pretty extensive menu for a Cantina and definitely rival La Salsa, and TNT over at the Luxor.  Had the Calamari App and the Jalapeno side sauce was an awesome combination.  They offer Carne sandwiches which were pretty good and the Nachos were also quite good.  I have to say that even though the food was good I would prefer Lindo or Firefly if I was able to get off the strip.
4	I had lunch here with my brother this past Sunday.Mexican Pizza: 4/5Steak Quesadilla: 4/5Tequilla Baby Back Ribs: 4/5 - My brother ordered the ribs at a Mexican restaurant, but it was very good.Service: 4/5Ambience: 3.5/5
1	Food (chips & salsa, pulled chicken burrito, and fish tacos) 1/5:  you can get better fake cantina food at Wahoo's or even La Salsa.  Fir the price we paid, it was NOT at all acceptable.  The only saving grace was the so-so guacamole.Drinks (Diablo's own brew) 2.5/5:  decent beer, but for $8.00?  The beer should come in a bigger mug.My gf and I was there yesterday, and I have to say it was quite disappointing......Service 1/5:  We got our chips, beers, and main course within acceptable time.  However, I never got the hot sauce I politely asked for.  After 15 mins, AFTER I am done with my burrito, our waitress still did not bring the hot sauce or even check in with us to see if we needed anything Overall, somewhat acceptable food, over-priced, and unacceptable service.
1	Avoid.  I've never wasted so much of my time or money in one place before- and I'm talking about a restaurant- not a casino!It started with the 30min wait to be seated, when we were told it would only be 15.  My boyfriend and I were doing Vegas on a budget, but we still wanted to hit up a few of the more interesting places on the strip.  We didn't have any 5-star dining experience in mind- but a 2 hour meal that consisted of flour tortilla chips with bland salsa, $9 drinks, and a neither good nor bad burger?  Definitely not worth it.  We were pretty much ignored by our waiter, who had his head in the clouds, and it took us another 30min to get the bill.  The only good thing going for this place is the theme- even my burger came with it's own little plastic pitchfork :)  I guess even the hellishly long wait to get anything you wanted at this place fit the theme!  You'd be better off going to Denny's,.
4	I was WAYYY too drunk upon entering. We weren't allowed to bring in outside alcohol so my friend and I chugged an entire handle of Sailor Jerry's outside. However, I do remember the mango margarita being DELICIOUS!!!
1	Over priced with a menu smaller than my chances at finally hitting a 12 on the Field line. Group of four entered Saturday night hoping for drinks, food and HD to watch football. The food menu is small with maybe 10 items, all pricey given the expected quality.  Granted we were on the strip during Christmas week - one of the slowest in Vegas - so the "lively" reviews in other posts definitely were not relevant on our trip.  Perhaps  they were under-staffed with the slow week as well as we did not see a waiter at our table in the 5 minutes after we were sat.  Couple that lack of attention and (gasp) standard def TV's showing the football game... we got up and left.  We wound up at Nine Fine Irishmen in NYNY FYI.  Separate review but here's a hint - more stars than Diablo's.  The only thing Diablo's is good for is the sidewalk on the north side of their building serves as a nice shortcut when walking from NYNY to the new Aria.
2	You can't swing a dead cat in Vegas without hitting a great restaurant.Or, apparently, you can. I'm in Vegas for a wedding and the group dinner for the first night was at Diablo's. I wouldn't have picked this restaurant if just for the name, but when you're dining in a group, you have to suck it up and roll with the punches.Not surprisingly, this place was huge and blaringly loud. We started trickling in a few at a time and no one came by to take our drink order until our entire party was seated. That was a little annoying since I was one of the first ones there and in dire need of a drink. It seems they would sell more if they didn't wait for everyone to be at the table, but I digress.The drink menu had the usual suspects. I opted for a drink called the Frida Kahlo which was made with tequila, berries, lime, and soda. It was not a good combination, but I managed to suck it back nonetheless.The server then brought over three baskets of chips with various salsas, that while were different in color and texture, all tasted the same. The chips had no real flavor either. I was not holding out a lot of hope for the rest of the meal.The items on the dinner menu pretty much all contained buzzwords such as "smothered with cheese"and "drowning in sauce." Gross. The least offensive thing I could think to order since I wasn't very hungry was "Four Cheese Nachos." When it arrived, it was, as promised, smothered in cheese. I could only taste and see one kind of cheese though, and I think it was American. Disgusted, I pushed it aside and ordered a giant margarita. The margarita was strong, but balanced, and now served as my dinner.We were dismayed that the baskets of crappy chips and salsa were $3 each, especially since no one really ordered them. Only in Vegas, would you be charged for chips and salsa in a Mexican restaurant. With so many great dining options in LV, it's a shame we wasted our time on such a mediocre place.Hopefully better dining awaits. If I have anything to say about it, it will.This was truly the creme of the crap.
2	This place stunk like a sewer and was boring we were there maybe 15min. to grab a drink and relize what a waste of time this place was. 1star for the hot gogo dancer who gave us free shots and 1star because we got in free.
2	I dislike most of the place on the strip. As someone who lived in Summerlin I rarely ever visited the strip, except for when visitors came in. Like most places along Las Vegas Boulevard, it caters to tourists, doesn't have discounts for locals and is overpriced. While the one redeeming quality is the unusual $10 Chupacabra spicy drink it's not worth making the trip too if you're a local.
2	Wow, this may be one of my first 2 star meals.  Probably because I was so pissed how terrible it was.I get it.  Late at night, with a rowdy crowd, drinks, ladies and guys, who really cares about the food?  So that's why I'm giving it 2 stars instead of one.The chips and salsa were ordered (it's not free) and it wasn't bad.  I liked the different salsas and the chips were fresh.  I had steak tacos.  I'm not looking for the absolute in authenticity.  When I saw the tacos arrive at the table I was a little bummed about flour tortillas for tacos.  But I'm game to have some flour tacos once in a while.It was your typical "gringo" taco.  Flour tortilla, iceberg lettuce, shredded cheddar, and meat.  The meat had a good flavor, but was extremely fatty.  There were pieces of fat that I was spitting out.  For the record, I'm not a fat-o-phobe.  Give me pork bellies, pastrami, chinese spare ribs, beef short ribs, etc.  I don't run away and demand leanness.  The meat could have been easily trimmed.  The fat really did not have any place in these tacos.  What bothered me the most (and I'm still thinking about it) was that the taco without the meat tasted a lot like Del Taco/Taco Bell.  I'm not dramatic in my reviews, and I don't pull the "this place tasted like fast food" card unless really deserving.  I would even go as far to say that it was borderline "grody".  And I haven't used that word since I was 7.All in all, the ambiance and "potential" gave this place 2 stars.  The prices were outrageous for what I got, even despite this being Vegas.  With that being said, management could maybe try a little harder to make the tacos a little more memorable.  Perhaps a more rustic or hand made tortilla (flour is still ok if you must) and perhaps a sprinkle of Cotija cheese.  Trim that fat off the meat and maybe add a nice thin slice of avocado inside the taco.  Maybe a little Guajillo chile or chipotle flavor would add to the flavor profile.  Anyways, I see this place could be a lot of fun for drinks and having a good time, but I'll pass on the food unless it's for something that you absolutely can't mess up (I think), like a quesadilla.  But anything is possible.
3	The reason to go to Diablo's is not the food or the drinks. It's the atmosphere. It's just plain fun. The food is okay. Not great. Not bad, but okay. Same with the drinks. But the service is friendly and attentive, the vibe is lively and the music is entertaining. Each time I go to Diablo's, it's for a group event. The staff is very accommodating, so I highly recommend it as a place to coordinate a group gathering. Let's put it this way, I've never had a bad time at Diablo's.
2	This place isn't bad by any means....it's just nothing to write home about. If you want Tex Mex in Vegas, this place might do it for you but I'm from Texas and the food wouldn't stand a chance in the Lone Star State.  We ordered the chips and salsa ($4) and they were pretty good.  We also had the chicken fajitas and they came with all the right things (pico de gallo, sour cream, cheese, and guacomole) and everything was cooked well but it just wasn't awesome -- it was definitely a good attempt though.
3	Diablo's Cantina never fails to remind me of the times my friends and I would go to Rosarito for an underage weekend of craziness. The bar is located upstairs on the second floor of the restaurant. It is half outdoors and half indoors. The walls are red, there is red lighting, as well as a large bar, tables on one side and a stage and dance area on the other. The waitresses are dressed in hoochie, cabaret-esque attire and have bottles of vodka strapped to their thighs. For a good monetary tip, they will pour this vodka down your throat in a very sexy fashion (If you want a drink from the bar, be prepared to get a strong drink, but in a plastic cup). They have both live bands, as well as a dj playing (what in my opinion was pretty good) music. And the crowd is very diverse (aka: all ethnicities, all kinds of wild).  Both times that I have been here I have managed to have a good time. However, both times that I have been here I have also been the only girl in a group of about 6 guys. Being that this bar is a taste of Rosarito in Vegas, it all kind of makes sense. Bottom line: If you are looking for a crazy, non posh, non-nonsense night of fun, (and a throat full of vodka), check out Diablo's.
2	Flew into Vegas on a Thursday and was starving when we got here. We decided to give Diablos a shot. It was relatively cheap for Vegas standards and the food was ok. The service though was below par. Really long waits, pretty much no attention from our server. Someone from the kitchen delivered our food and sort of slammed the food down and left in hurry. I had the jalapino chicken tacos which were decent, and 1 beer. I was never asked if I wanted another...which I did.
2	I'm torn between giving this place two or three stars.I visited Diablos after swearing never to patronize the place (due to the way the horrible monstrosity now hides the front of Monte Carlo) because some friends were in town and had comps from their stay at that hotel. I had wanted to take them to one of the thousand better Mexican options in town, but that had to wait.We were seated upstairs on the balcony overlooking the strip. It was the height of summer and a little hot, but the inside of the place was insanely noisy and crowded and it was quite atmospheric watching the strip traffic cruise past and letting my friends get a good look around the strip while we ate.The food was OK and I would give the place 3 stars if not for the utterly obscene prices. You get more food for a third of the price just about anywhere else you go. You even have to pay for chips and salsa. Diablo's is - in short - a tourist trap.Edible food and an Ok atmosphere outside, but even if they paid me to visit they couldn't coax me to eat in the chaos that is the interior of the place.The outrageous prices tip this one down to two stars.
2	It's either a one or a two, I'll be generous and give it a two. My first and only time in this place was to celebrate mine and my BF's birthday, we were staying at the Monte Carlo so it made perfect sense to go downstairs here.We ordered a shot, and Miss Bartender told us that she can not make any shots, all she can do for us is a shot of Patron.  NOW wait a minute, you're a bartender?  We settled for it, paid $12 for each shot and walked out.HOrrible service from this lady, needless to say I will not be coming back.  It was also very stuffy in there. I did like the dimmed lights.
2	Okay WTF happened to this place, the last times I've been here it was great crowd, varation of music and no douche bags. This time around we had to wait in line and pay, there was numerous fights, the music was 100% hip-hop the entire 2 hours we decided to stay here and we only stayed here that long since I figured, chet we paid to get in, where staying for a few drinks. I don't think I'm coming back here again.
3	I came with a large group of friends (20 to be exact) and we had SO MUCH fun. Diablo's is like a semi-fancier bar. There are tables to eat at, but there's also a dance floor. There wasn't a cover, so that's a plus! okay music, and overall an okay place to go to.
1	Avoid this at all costs. How do you screw up nachos?  We were going to go here for dinner, but wound up killing our first drink and going elsewhere.  Horrible, horrible place.  The only thing worse than the food was the service.  And that's saying something.
3	I'm being generous with the 3 stars here. This place looked pretty fun and interesting from the few times we walked by it, so we decided on our last day to have lunch here. The menu was pretty limited and nothing sounded overly fantastic. I had the cheese enchiladas and they were fine. I also ordered one of their specialty drinks which was fine. It was very loud and service was somewhat slow. It is probably a better destination if you're already a little intoxicated.  It was also kind of expensive for what we got. I feel very "meh" about this place, but it gets an extra star for location and atmosphere.
2	Service here sucked asshole.  Admittedly, we were a party of 25 and completely befuddled the waitress by requesting the check be split into 12.  Seriously though, if it's that big of a party, why oh why would you only have one person attending that table?  We waited for about 30 minutes to even put in a drink order.  Then we waited another 15 to get drinks.  Then we waited another 10 to get chips.  After we finally ordered, we waited another 30 minutes to get our food.  Come on, people, get it together.If service is going to be so consistently slow (as clearly it is from reading other reviews), give people chips and salsa for free instead of ripping them off for $4 basket.  Oh, and the three salsas that come with the chips sucked.  Two of them tasted like barbecue sauce and one just tasted like cilantro.  None were spicy.The steak burrito with chili sauce was shockingly good.  The steak was flavorful and tender, and the chili sauce was spicy.  However, at that point, I was so ravenous that a steaming pile of shit probably would have tasted good.
2	My inclination is to recommend avoiding at all costs. Draft beers - including swills such as Bud Light and what I not-so-affectionately refer to as that "headache in a can" Tecate - are $8(!!!), so unless you actually take advantage of the happy hour wheel offering drink "specials" or those $3 draft/"free margarita with an entree" cards (not to be confused with the hooker trading cards) handed out on the sidewalks along the Strip, don't expect to drink here on the cheap.I can't, however, speak for the food, which I took a pass on for no other reason that I don't think tacos should cost $12. But maybe that's just me....
2	Worst service I had the entire time in Vegas.  I went here on St. Paddy's Day night because they had some bagpipers going upstairs.  We got there just as they were finishing a set, and the band was complaining about the lack of people watching them.  Well, there would have been more people had they perhaps let people sit.  We tried sitting a few times and were immediately accosted by security to move.  "These are reserved."  And yet, no signs on them, and no people.  So we eventually had to sit up at the counter that runs along the sides.  It was at that point that everything went to hell.  The waitress came up to three different groups, two of which got there after us, and kept skipping our part.  After that, I gave up, and we moved on to another place.  This took about 30 mins altogether -- worst service I have had in years.
3	expensive drinks, expensive food (and the cheese quesadilla was very small).  i looked at the other plates and at least it seemed like the food was a big as the ticket price.  good thing i don't drink and i just ordered water.  nice atmosphere and trendy, good for starting off the night i guess.
1	What a change in Quality, really dissapointing.....Let me just say the first 2 times I went to Diablo's I was blown away.  The BEST margarita I have ever had.  When we ordered it, we saw them hand squeeze the lemos.  We had several appetizers and it was all so good.  The salsa was really authentic.  That was around 18 months ago.We went this past Saturday, March 27.  What a decrease in quality.  We ordered the margarita pitcher again, and they squeezed 1 lemon for the entire $30+ pitcher, and the rest was the mix.  You could taste the difference.  We ordered the shrimp quesadilla and the steak nachos, both are around $17 each and we felt ripped off.  The quesadilla had small shrimps, like the ones you get from the can.  The steak nachos, which sounded delicious were the most dissapointing.  it was basically little bits and pieces of meat, not sure if it came from a real steak, it was so chopped up it looked like it was just the extras they had left over.  You basically paid $17 for a stack of chips, a little cheese and literally 2 tablespoons of meat.  We left there thinking what a waste of time and money.  Having so many good choices in Vegas, we chose this one.  I will never eat here again, that is for sure.  I dont mind spending money, but it has to be worth it.  This one is not, and the sad part is, that it use to be soooo good.  I don't know what happened.
2	This was attached to our hotel (the Monte Carlo) and looks pretty cool from the outside.  However, if you are going to lure people in with drink cards for $3 margaritas, it's my experience that if you want them to stay for more, these should be pretty good even if you are giving them away cheap.  Not the case here.  Probably one of the worst margaritas I've had, it was almost like their sweet and sour mix had gone bad.  Tasted very strange.  The view of the strip from their upstairs deck is cool, and we probably would have stayed for another, had the drinks been decent, but they were not.  Decent service.  There were at least 2 bachelor parties here at the time, also.
3	Ate as a group of 5 on a Friday night. Waited 45-minutes for a table, at least margaritas were a tasty way to pass the time.We were seated in a booth off the main-dining floor. A couple large rowdy parties surrounded us, but it fit the party atmosphere.Fish tacos, steak and chicken burritos, and spiced grilled shrimp were ordered. Everyone was pleased with their entrees. Service could have been friendlier or more attentive, but it was acceptable.
3	Get their Crispy Rock Shrimp Tacos (with Mexican slaw & spicy chipotle sauce)!  I ordered it because it was recommended by the waitress, which I agree with.  The shrimp was cooked perfectly, and the the spicy chipotle sauce goes well with the guacamole & salsa.  YUM!I also got their mojito... meh.  They muddled the mint more as I had requested.  I wished they put more lime in... this drink tasted like enhanced water.  Too light for my tastes.  Felt a little bit ripped off - the drink was $9!
2	I must say that for the location and atmosphere the food was a let down.I ordered the bbq pork sandwich and my friend ordered the tacos.  My sandwich had so much salt on it I was drinking water more then eating.  The tacos where cold, we had to send them back and I guess they were much better the second time around.  Great bar, poor food
2	the service was great, the food was'nt all that good...AT ALL!!! it was a group of six and our waiter was a really cool guy named carlos, he was very attentive and honestly if the service wasnt good i would be really upset!!! i ordered a meal that included grilled chicken, asparagus and mashed potatoes and it hardley had any flavor at all!!! i also tasted the shrimp cuesadilla that my b.f had and tasted the chicken wings that his brother had and nothing impresed me.i was pretty disappointed!!! so the drinks were good, the servive was awesome (thanks to carlos) but the food sucked which is the whole reason why we go to a restaraunt and pay people to feed us right? so not a happy camper.
3	Diablo's was just outside Monte Carlo where I stayed in Vegas for my birthday. It was a nice place, service was a bit slow coz of having a lot of people for the weekend. Food was okay. I'm not really a fan of very noisy places when eating dinner, but hey... it's Vegas. Everybody seemed to be noisy all the time. Just let it stay in Vegas. LOL
2	This looked like a fun place to have lunch but actually getting our food proved to be a challenge. We got our drinks, at least I did but my wife's came 5 minutes later. We ordered and waited, boy did we wait. Our food arrived but the orders were wrong except for a side of rice.  When we did get our order it was good. I got the steak quesadilla and she the pulled pot sandwich which was rich and spicy.  Portions were decent sized and well prepared. Low marks for the long wait and order confusion. Drink portions also seemed small for the prices (lots of ice in those margaritas they proudly display)
4	The thing that drew our group to this place was the happy hour: from 3-7pm they have a $3 special drink which changes every 30 minutes. Sounds like a great way to get drunk with friends for cheap, without having to think about what to get.What surprised me about the place was the service and food. Our waitress was super friendly, and would remember that we had told her to get us a round whenever the new drink came up. The three of us ordered the basic nachos with cheese, guac and sour cream, and couldn't even finish it. We ended up scrapping dinner plans because we were all so full! Not only was the portion huge, but they tasted great (not much chance to screw up basic nachos, but still was good).I would definitely come back next time I'm in Vegas.
4	This place was really good...Me and my friend only split a quesadilla, and a steak burrito so I can't speak for everything. But we thought the food was good. The service was good too until our server towards the end  brought over another server and told us he would be taking over 'cause he "had to get outta there" but then hung around doing stuff. While we were still there. Which we thought was a little funny. But overall good experience and would probably go again next time I'm in Vegas.
1	Took my buddy here to sober him up.  Food was way over priced.  Way better places to eat on the strip.  Save your money for the bars, strip clubs and the poker tables.
4	Me and my girlfriends always come to Diablo's when we are in Vegas. Mainly for two reasons:1. The delicious food2. The pitchers of delicious alcohol they have availableI usually tend to get the chicken soft tacos, which are delicious. And I love their chips and the three flavors of salsa they serve them with. Also, you can't wrong with a pitcher of Margarita! The only thing that makes me deduct a start off this place is the service from the hostess'- they were super catty to me and my girlfriends when we were there and tried sitting us at a small bar table when we had previously asked for a more secluded table, which was available and which we ended up getting upon request. Overall, if you are willing to wait the usual 45 minutes, this place is worth it. A good place and environment to start off your Vegas experience on the right foot!
3	I stopped by here on a fluke as I was walking from NY NY to check out CityCenter last weekend. The food was ok but not realy anything special.  The large beer concoction at the table was a neat novelty, however, the tacos were nothing special.  It is what I could have gotten at any run of the mill mexican restaurant on any city in America.   The service was not very good.  Our waiter was not attentive and looked as though his mind was somewhere else.  It took 35 minutes for our food to come out, and one of the dishes was wrong.  All in all is was not an experience I enjoyed.
5	I'm starting with their $3 happy hour. From 3pm - 7pm they spin a wheel every half hour, wherever it lands, that's the $3 dollar drink until the next spin. I know what you're thinking "oh, all that mixing can't be good" well it is, at least while you're there :p Everyone's waiting for the next spin, see if you're going to like or dread it (like Patron shots, in my case). As soon as they place a hand on the wheel, the cheering starts and it' a celebration. They call out the drink and you see all servers and bartenders running around taking orders. Staff is super friendly, and enjoy talking to guests. Guacamole was good (needed salt but hey, that's right at the table so no problem). One of my friend ordered the Carne Asada and was tempted to order a second one - that good... Away from the $3 drinks, we wanted to try one of THEIR drinks I had the Sinful Vixen, and one of my friends ordered the Strawberry Daiquiri - both were a bit sweet for our taste but still good, specially when followed by a spin of the wheel.
4	I was recently in Vegas for a wedding and the groom's parents generously treated the wedding party and family members to a reception here.  The weather was PERFECT and we were up on the rooftop deck for the night.   The patio was nice with an ample amount of chairs and tables for sitting and mingling.  On the opposite side of the bar is a stage where bands can play.I stuck with beer for the whole weekend and here, they served Negro Modelo in the bottle (along with other beers, of course).   I only had a wedge of the Mexican pizza appetizer and it was damn good.  I highly recommend ordering that.The servers were great.  Very friendly and attentive (and attractive, but duh...it is Vegas).  Based on the ambiance and service, this place is awesome and I would come back here again.
4	The outdoor patio is the best. It's on a fantastic spot overlooking the strip and when the weather is nice in the evenings it's a perfect location to get yo' drink on. There are live bands that play outside. I had one empanada the entire night. It was awesome - light and fluffy with crispy on the outside and warm seasoned goo-beef on the inside. Will definetly order that next time I make it here. There is a ton of seating, both barstools at tables and padded patio furniture at low tables. Service is good - friendly and attentive. The bathrooms are far from the patio, though - down the dark stairs, into the dark restaurant, and down the dark hallway. So if you're drinking too much, expect to eat shit at least one time during your many trips to the can.
3	Sunday afternoon the place was packed and completely understaffed. The bartender was alone and had fml all over her face. She was yelling at patrons that she was the only one there and that they needed to wait for their $3 Jagger shots.  Terrible service from our waiter who completely disappeared after he took our order. The guac was great and big enough for 4 to share. The queso was probably some of the best I've ever had. Fajitas were also big enough to share. Good food, bad service!
4	If you go to Diablo's on a weekend or holiday, I would definitely suggest reservations. My friends and I were able to walk right in with our reso and have a prime booth in the back overlooking everyone. However there was a long list of folks waiting up to 2 hours for a table. Think ahead and get a reservation! The Queso Fundido Dip is pretty tasty. I have the Shrimp tacos which were good, although I would probably try something else next time I went. We had a pitcher of margs that served about 8 glasses. This place is open air and was pretty loud. If you are looking for a nice quiet environment, this is not for you.
2	I didn't think Diablo would be a good choice for lunch after reading about 50 of their reviews but others in our group wanted to go. The reviews are correct. We left with the feeling we paid way to much considering the food & service we received. Huge lack off attention to us and other customers around us. I would say you have a 50% chance of leaving happy.
3	How start a two week vacation.....We found this place before the busy meat market packing.A pitcher of margaritas and having Miss E spin theHappy hour wheel. Somehow making sure it stopped on Patron shots.... down went four.Nice beginning.
3	In the blistering heat at more than 100 degrees that Las Vegas had to offer, I was in dire need to find a drink to start my vacation and get something in my tummy.We planned on another spot, but it looked so pathetic we ran off in the other direction.Into  the heat again, we came across a pretty devil woman figure on top of the restaurant. Looked good to us.The guacamole was ok, but they cheated us on the quantity by layering tortilla chips on the bottom.The quesadilla was simple but past my gooey cheesy test.Margaritas were strong and refreshing.The best is the spinning wheel for HH. I got to spin the wheel and "accidentally" landed on the $5 silver patron shots....wow, exactly what I wanted. So after 2 shots of patron and a pitcher of margaritas, we headed to our hotel room to take a 4 hour nap..;)
1	My personal opinion:This place has the trifecta. Bad food, bad service and overpriced. Expensive for what seems like cheap ingredients and poorly flavored food. For the cost I thought we were going to get big portions of great food...that didn't happen. We ordered the triple salsa appetizer... to which I would like to place a standing offer... Diablos, if you would like for me to come and show you how to make salsa properly feel free to message me.
4	This place is pretty bangin' - decent prices, good food, and most importantly great drinks. Four of us went here for dinner and waited about 20 mins on a Saturday night around 8 PM ... while we waited we got some of their totally fantastic margaritas out front - they come in a giant Diablo's margarita glass and the price really wasn't too bad. Once seated our waitress was on the ball the whole time - she was quick, our orders were right, and she was pleasant. The food was pretty good too - we got the bean and cheese burrito and a carne asada taco plate.  Overall I would definetly recommend Diablo's!
3	I like the atmostphere when it's busy but other than that I dunno!! They also if i must ad a have great happy hour. I have come here a few times and I have the same impression every time. The food is too expensive but I mean what do you expect it's vegas I paid 3 dollars for gum. Great place to grab a drink but I didn't like the food
4	Great atmosphere. Food was great but overpriced but it's all relative since it's Vegas. Would definitely recommend and come back.
4	Good Times! We were staying at the Monte Carlo and would pass Diablo's whenever we headed out to the strip. We dropped in for an afternoon drink and to catch the game. For happy hour they spin a wheel every 30 minutes and whatever the needle lands on is the happy hour special - mostly $3 or $5 dollar shots. As my bf said: there is something very exciting and dangerous about drinking at a place called Diablo's.
1	I am not typically one to write bad reviews unless a place is down right horrible. I prefer to praise establishments that really tickle my fancy. Tonight though as I sat for nearly an hour without a drink refill, I decided that I was going to break my own personal rule for review writing on yelp. :)I went to Diablo's tonight to celebrate a friend's birthday. Our table wasn't ready yet so we went upstairs to get a drink and listen to some music. Two Dos Equis beers and a Diet Coke came to a whopping total of $18.39 (I decided to let this slide as I was reminded that "We are on The Strip.") To make matters worse, there was an almost unbearable stench.They were finally ready for our group so we went downstairs to our table. We were five seats and several menus short for our group. Instead of bringing over another table, they graciously (There really should be a sarcasm font.) brought over additional seats, but no menus. As our very large group crammed into the tables, the birthday girl was left sharing the head of the table with 2 other people. When our server came over to take our drink order, we asked if we could add another table to our group to make room for everyone. I am sure about 20 managers had to be contacted to make this happen, but in the end we got our wish... That was about to be the extent of anything resembling customer service for the remainder of the evening. Here's the bottom line:-The food was mediocre at best.(The Jalapeno Chicken Tacos were bland. The Skirt Steak Nachos were just "okay." The only flavor the steak had was the taste of the charred bits off the grill. The $8 guacamole looked like a huge serving, but was really a much smaller serving atop several crushed tortilla chips. Chips and salsa are not complimentary, but rather an extra $4. The salsa was boring and really nothing to write home about. Lastly, the refried beans tasted like what I imagine Meow Mix must taste like.)-The service was PATHETIC.(We were only brought water refills after someone at our table finally had to ASK for it. Other beverages, such as soft drinks, were NEVER refilled. At one point in time, after being asked to bring refills, our server even came by with the water pitcher, but turned around to chat with a friend. When she was finally able to honor our request, she got distracted and only ended up refilling half of the water glasses at our table. She also never bothered asking any of us if we wanted another round of drinks or boxes for leftovers. Empty plates sat on the table for nearly an hour after we had finished eating. Out of frustration, we decided to look up some other reviews. Not surprisingly one of the first reviews we saw stated that the manager lacked a sense of responsibility or urgency when approached about other times when service was less than stellar. The worst part of all is that because our party was so large, we had no choice but to pay the 18% gratuity automatically added to our bill.)I will NEVER return to Diablo's Cantina. They should be ashamed of both the lack of customer service as well as the lack of quality of the food they present to their customers. Unfortunately, I think this place is a perfect example of what happens when a business on The Strip forgoes attention to the quality of their product in an effort to just get as many tourists in and out the door as possible. They certainly are not looking for repeat customers or to impress locals who may return for a good time. It is sad that a restaurant like this will most likely stay in business simply because of their curb appeal.
4	After not being able to get a table at La Salsa due to the Mexico vs. Argentina WC game, we went across the street to Diablo's and were immediately seated for lunch. Our waiter was nice and attentive, and helped us figure out the daily specials (they spin a wheel every 30min., we lucked out with $5 patron shots). We checked out the menu, and both decided on the shredded chicken burritos, one wet, one dry *tee hee*, and some drinks. IT was really busy with the game going on (a tad loud if you ask me), but we got our food rather quickly, and for $60 bucks (2 entrees and 2 drinks), it didn't feel like a HUGE rip-off, just a regular Las Vegas investment.
4	Sadly we came here to watch Mexico lose to Argentina (gotta support my people!). We sat at the bar as there was no more table seating available with a good view of the TVs. The bartender was really nice and did not give us attitude about not ordering any alcohol! We ordered what seemed to be very over priced chicken nachos. But these nachos turned out to possibly be the best ones i have ever had!! The plate was so big that 3 of us could not finish it all! At first we didn't think there was enough chicken but there was more hidden under layers of chips and cheese! So besides Mexico losing....it was great!
3	Excellent view of the strip from upstairs.  Its all open air except fabric shade ceiling over the dance floor. Table dancers downstairs and a nice open environment that is upbeat.Great mix of music and very good service upstairs as well as downstairs.  The biggest drawback is that the prices are way too high for food and drinks for this kind of a place but it's a fun place to visit in a pleasant upbeat atmosphere.  Good mix of people there.
4	Stopped by here on Saturday to escape the Vegas heat.  The wings were tasty.  But the nachos were down right crappy.Ordered a citrus mojito, which was not that bad.They did have one hot waitress so I'm leaving it @ 4 stars =)
3	Tried it when it first opened, drinks were ok and the nachos were good.  Personally I am not a huge fan of frozen drinks on the strip, as I suspect they are more sugar than alcohol.  Great people watching venue tho!
4	happy hour from 12pm-7pm was the best on the south side of the strip! The waitresses are hot, the drink deals are top notch and every hour they change via 'The Wheel' which some cute girl spins. My boyfriend and I spent at least the first 1-3 hours of our afternoon here on several different days. I've seen other reviews from women on this place about being ignored at the bar or sitting without a refill. I think this is just jealousy, the waitresses are beautiful but I am a perfectly straight woman and I got great service here, every time!Try the Calamari, for 12$, it's a meal for two!
4	Wish I could have eaten it all - delish!
4	a little on the loud side, but perfect place when you want a cheap drink on the strip. they spin the wheel every half hour for a different special- plus $3 beers on tap and the guac was awesome.
1	We came here to meet some friends of my friend. We only had drinks and yes they were made extra drunk for us. The $45 price tag on it made me wanna pass out. I understand its grey goose and red bull but shiiiiiet. I could have made a better concoction in the hotel room for pennies compared to that. The misters on the patio area smell like ass. The bartenders = ed hardy monsters. ew. NO thanks. :)
5	We literally stumbled into this place after taking the tram from Mandalay Bay to the Strip! I saw the devil girl logo and had to go in for a drink! Happy Hour was underway and downed 3 tecate drafts for $3 each and my wife had 2 huge skinny girl margaritas! The chips and salsa although $4 were great. We were there long enough for them to spin the wheel and give a free jager shot to the girl who spun the wheel. As all the reviews say and the wife agrees the waitress were gorgeous and the bar tender we got was great! Diablo's is our new favorite kick-back bar on the Strip and we will definitely be back to try the food!!!
5	Delicious! I had the shrimp tacos and my friend the chicken fajitas! We were both very satisfy with our meal! We went about 7pm on a Friday night so waiting time was about 45 mins. Well worth it!
3	The Nachos here are unreal.  They are enough for almost 7 people and piled high with peppers and cheese.  You have your option of Steak, Pork, or Chicken.  We did the pork and it was awesome!  Dont forget to grab a margarita!
2	Food is okay nothing special. Every plate will run you about $16 dollars. Service is a bit slow. Share a plate with someone if you can.
2	Overpriced.  Went in duing happy hour and was charged full price, $11 margartia.  Food is OK.  There are a lot of other better places.
1	They have THE worst frozen margharitas out of a machine at the whole strip.Mind you, Vegas cheap spots in general serve tourists the crappiest crap out of a machine with tons of cheap $1 general store booze in it, but this beats them all. Plus with $12!!!!!!!! for a tiny glass of liquid pink half frozen oversugared crap, its really not worth it. My stomach was super upset afterwards, and I do hold my liquer very well.On the other note, the food is pretty decent, as long as its not deep fried, you are ok. The bartenders are usually attentive. Its the strip afterall though, so give them some slack.
1	Bad customer service. Wouldn't give us a table because we were having drinks. No room at the bar. Guess they would rather have open tables.
3	The food is pretty good as are the drinks.  I had two rounds of Patron, two rounds of Tecate, half of a plate of calamari, and a rack of ribs.  I wish I could give 3.5 stars because of the price.  For my share, it came out to almost $50.  I feel like it wasn't a good deal for the food quality.  The waiter was nice and wasn't too distracted when I tried to get his attention.
3	Came here for happy hour. 5$ patron shots that are bigger than 1oz it seems. I am on an empty stomach. $3 draft beers need I say more. I mean  We get "to go cups with our beers that we couldn't finish".How awesome is that.The food was good as well. The Rib platter was cooked to just right, the meat almost slid off the bones. Meals are a little pricey, and if the bar is full you must sit in the dinning section where you are required to order one Entree per person. I felt that was a little ridiculous, but went with it since I was hungry.
1	We came here for the Nachos, which many people seem to order and my friends had seen it and couldn't stop thinking about them. Well I have to say, what a disappointment!! We ordered the 4 cheese Nacho platter (we have a vegetarian in the group) and asked them to add black beans, which they charge extra for! The nachos come out with very little pico de gallo, and literally a sprinkle of black beans. The good thing was the waiter came out with a bowl of more black beans b/c he realized how very little we were given (so yes A for service). The nachos were just not good. One of the 4 cheeses tasted like Velveeta. I think for this price the nachos need more substance such as jalapenos, onions, pico de gallo, salsa, beans... Oh and another think this place has pretty bad smell in certain parts of the restaurant (poor sewage perhaps?)
3	I'll be honest - I am not sure I am very knowledgeable about the type of Mexican food they serve at Diablo's.  Is it Baja style?  I dunno - it definitely wasn't Mexican and it definitely wasn't Tex-Mex.  But it was alright nonetheless.First off, I love that they offer pitchers of all their margaritas and specialty drinks.  Pitchers were running $30-$40 but there was one pitcher made with some fancy tequila for $270.  A PITCHER.  FUCK!  We got a pitcher of the agave margarita (which was NOT the $270 one) and it was pretty decent - not too sweet and the glasses were rimmed in salt and also chili pepper flakes.  Spicy!  The server informed us that you get more liquor than you would in the equivalent amount of margaritas ordered separately and for less money.  SO I guess it goes without saying that our server was awesome!  I also noted you could try tequila flights if you really were ready to party.Chips and salsa did not come with the meal - they were extra.  The chips were pretty decent - not too thin, not too thick.  Three salsas came with it - one tomatillo one (I think) and a couple that had a very roasted smoky flavor.  None were as spicy as I tend to like my salsa, but I have a feeling it really wasn't supposed to be spicy.  Either way, decent.I had the fish tacos that came with cabbage, pico, and baja type sauce on them.  I was skeptical of the white creamy looking sauce but it wasn't too bad after I added a liberal dose of hot sauce.  They were ok.  They also have choices of burritos, fajitas, taquitos, and then also BBQ pork, burgers, etc?  Very random menu.  I guess you have to please everyone when you are serving the masses.The price - well, this is Vegas and you will pay even for average food.  You already know this though so you aren't shocked.  Stick to the appetizer menu if you want to save $$.  Or just drink your dinner.
5	Always a good time bar! Good food and plenty of booze! Will be back some day!
3	We Just did drinks here! great place great prices. Perfect place to grab a drink while visiting all the hotels in the area. Drink prices were the cheapest of any place especially the specials!!!
3	Drinks Only! I was recently in Vegas for a 3-day convention and stayed at the Monte Carlo. So every time I left the hotel to attend the convention I passed this place and hear good hip hop music blasting (Tribe Called Quest, EPMD, etc). My 2nd night there I'd decided to check it out after having a rough day. The menu wasn't spectacular, so I checked out the bar. Decided to get the Twisted Sister; the bartender hooked it up good because I was marinated for the rest of the night. So good that I went back the following night for another-made sure the same bartender was there. He hooked me up good again-this time I ordered chips and salsa. Chips were meh; it was served with 3 different types of salsa, which was cool. It was a slow night-no music-so I chilled at the bar and watched sports for about an hour. Highlight of the night: the bartenders were laughing at one the waitresses; she'd slipped and fell by the margarita bar. Bit the floor hard and hit her head. I told them that they were mean; they said she had it coming because prior to that she was being a bitch toward them. The broad was being over-the-top about it all, and kinda nasty at the waitresses helping her. I guess karma is a bitch, eh? 3 stars only because the bar's cool and I heart the Twisted Sister....
3	I liked this place if you're trying to avoid going to a buffet or a club. We started our night here and it was fun. The food has huge portions, so it maybe expensive but just know you're getting a lot of food! the chips and salsa come with three different salsas and it's about 4 dollars for it, but it's very good! I shared the shrimp taco plate with a friend. They come with three small tacos, with rice and beans on the side. The tacos were excellent, a lot of lightly breaded shrimp. The beans are a little spicy but still very good as well as the rice. I liked this place because they have happy hour every day from 3-7pm. They spin a wheel every 30 minutes so different drinks end up being 3 dollars! it's a great place to start out the night, and i definitely recommend it!
5	Love the happy hour wheel.  Every half hour the happy hour special changes.  I go here everytime I'm in vegas
4	Walking along the strip of Vegas, hot as hell..we came around to Diablo's..somewhat of a long line, but I needed a drink badly..I ordered a Pina Colada Margarita in the souvenier cups..16 bucks.. it was pretty strong.. but good...they had other flavors such as strawberry, coconut, and I believe Mango.. maybe I'll try one of those the next time I'm there..
4	This is a good spot to watch sporting events.  The ESPN Zone and other famous bars on the strip are too busy, but I found this place to watch my Chargers play before I left for home on a Sunday morning.  There's TVs downstairs and upstairs, so it's a fairly big place.The food is pretty average and comparable to any other Mexican food chain like El Torito's.  Just come here for the sporty atmosphere.
1	Diablo must've sucked the soul outta the food, cuz it was so bland!We came here for lunch and boy were we hungry! Usually when we go to hispanic restaurants, 2 plates is too much for the both of us, so we ordered a burrito to share and some chips n salsa. I'm used to chips and salsa being complimentary, but it wasn't here. I think we had to pay about 5 bucks for the chips and salsa. That's a lot considering it's usually free.The chips came with 3 different salsas, none of which had any flavor. It was like eating chips dipped in water.We were starving when we got here so we ordered one burrito for the both of us expecting it to be gargantuan like usual, but boy were we wrong! This burrito was so small! Probably the size of a bean and cheese burrito at Taco Bell. The only difference was that it had sauce on it. We looked at each other and said "wtf, we're still gonna be starving after this." So we tried to take our time eating that little hot pocket with minimal flavor. After a minute, we were done and I finished off the chips by dipping them into the beans it came with. Diablo is deceiving, why should I be surprised?
2	This place is deceiving! You think you'll have one hell of a time because of the large sexy devil woman statue on the top of building and the red hot neon spelling out the name. Well, as cool as this place looks on the outside it doesn't deliver on food or atmosphere inside. It's basically a sports bar covered in a gimmicky sin theme serving bland mexican food. The margaritas were weak and served in cheap plastic. If I'm gonna pay $36 bucks for a pitcher, I kind of think it should be served in a glass.There was also a slight sickly sulfur smell throughout the evening. I don't know if it was from the construction on the strip or the exhaust from the numerous cars that sit at the streetlight in front of this  place. Hopefully that's not a common occurrence. Do yourself a favor and find another options for mexican food.
4	Fun, crowded restaurant/bar on the Strip.  Food was very good.  Energetic atmosphere.  My only complaint is that there was no A/C - I'm a delicate flower, I need to stay cool!
2	I feel as though this place deserves maybe two and a half stars... it really wasn't that bad- it just wasn't that good either. Came for dinner with my husband. The only reason is we got into a conversation with one of the managers while we were gambleing at a hotel up the strip. He told us to go in and tell them he sent us for a round of drinks on the house. Sounded like a good idea so we went. I had margaritas, which were pretty standard tasting- nothing super exciting.  We did have a table with a nice veiw of the strip so we were able to people watch (always entertaining in Vegas) The food was decent. Again, nothing super exciting. Hubby had wings which were tasty and I had a chicken burrito. I enjoyed the one wing I stole from him and the chicken burrito was actually pretty tasty- though nothing about it was anything out of the ordinary.The only thing that freaked me out? going into the ladies room to find a little woman lurking in the corner with an assortment of toiletries spread on the counter and a tip bowl for when she hands you a paper towel. Um. Random. I am perfectly capable of getting my own paper towel. And no, I will not tip you for that "service".
1	Note to self: when landlocked, don't ever eat the fish.  Especially here.  The food was terrible and the drinks were great, but the trampy waitress flirted openly with my boyfriend, which I did not find okay on any level.  So if you find yourself in Vegas, don't go here.
2	So maybe its because I live in Texas, but this place just doesn't work for me. The mixed drinks are pathetically weak - if you're going to make a margarita, do it right. And the queso with chorizo is almost unbearably salty. Chorizo is already salty people, don't add extra! And the spinning happy hour wheel is a good idea, but the prices are too high. Happy hour should be cheaper than the norm, not exactly the same ($3 XX are nothing new, maybe in Vegas thats a bargain)The bathroom has attendants?! Why? In this place? They have a whole damn pharmacy laid out on the counter. Anyway, I was not impressed, and it was crazy expensive for what you got - weak drinks and a small salty queso ($9 a piece for a margarita, $12 for queso), but the atmosphere was decent, so I'll let it slide with 2 stars
5	So I have this phobia of lines...long lines. And when it comes to Vegas clubs on the weekend you can usually expect to wait. But not for me at Diablos Cantina! I gotta say usually when im in vegas I'm all about the fancy resturants and playing pretentious, but this place won a special place in my heart. The drinks where cheap, the dancers where hot....and friendly, and the dance floor wasn't crap. I'd come back here to get wasted enough to forget half of it any time!
3	Hey it's hard to get Tex-Mex anywhere but Texas. The atmosphere was cool. The food was OK at best. I ordered the fajitas. They couldn't satisfy my taste buds for any spicy salsa. I was away from home and sure was wanting some nice spicy salsa and chips.It has a more bar atmoshere of course. It would be fun with a group. I was actually there on business myself. I give it a three for the food, a five for the drinks and atmosphere. I would go again. It sits in front of the Monte Carlo so it's a good location to sit sip and eat on the strip.
5	This place is awesome.  We had such a good time watching the game there.  Their food is amazing and they have cheap margaritas during happy hour.  One of the waiters accidentally grazed my head with a drink tray.  He felt so bad that he gave me a free giant margarita!  All in all, we had a great time and we will definitely be coming back.
4	NACHOS NACHOS NACHOS!!! GET THE NACHOS!Walked in and it was packed. Managed to find a spot at the bar. It was just an average bar in Vegas.I had some margaritas, which were good but the thing that caught my attention were the Nachos! One of the best nachos I've ever had. So big they need to be shared. It has a variety of cheeses, some damn good cheeses -- sour cream, chunky guacamole, salsa, chicken and some other good stuff. I recommend getting the nachos for anyone who visits Diablo's.The atmosphere was pretty cool, a bit loud but not annoying. The service was friendly.Will come back!
3	Talked to the concierge at the hotel  and there were few options for us with the large group and wanting to eat fairly soon.  We headed over to Diablo's who could seat us right away.Given that it was dinner time with a packed restaurant and bar our service was excellent.  I am not saying there were no delays, but they were minimal especially given the crowd and our group size.Margaritas were average, but well made and quickly brought to the table.  The chips and salsa were average.  The chips crisp and nicely salted.  The salsa however, was only average. There were 3 different types of salsa but none of them were particularly memorable.  The guacamole was fresh and creamy but also did not stand out.The chicken burrito was thick and you could order it "wet" or with a nice mole.  While good it was average, much like other tex mex places that I have eaten around the country.The bet thing of the night was the wait staff who were quick, polite, and efficient with no errors.  The food only rates a 3 but the staff would get a 4 stars (I was not there for the dancers or the staff might get a 5 star).
4	Whilst walking along the strip we were handed some flyers for $3 margaritas from Diablo's... well it would be rude to say no to that wouldn't it?We ordered from their takeaway bar and were presented with two margaritas that both had a nice strong kick to them... we sat at one of the outside tables and the music was pumping in the place which gave it a great atnosphere and certainly pulled people in. I just wish we had spent more time there, i think it will be on my list for my next visit.
4	my bf and i are afficianados of las vegas but NOT pretentious clubs and bars.  enter diablo's cantina...we visit diablo's a few times each time we're in vegas.  the location is perfect for people-watching, they have really good food and the drinks...mmmmmm....we like to snag a table at right on the railing as soon as we get into town.  get some chips and the three kinds of salsa that accompany them, a few margaritas, and let the laughs begin!the place gets pretty busy at night so be prepared for a bit of a wait.  they have a great selection of tequilas so if that's a favorite you're in luck.the service is top-notch and diablo's has excellent music!and as i said in the beginning, there is nothing pretentious about diablo's...you feel like you fit right in.
4	Had dinner here with the guys before catching our show at the MGM. Venue is awesome and it's right on the corner at the intersection so the outer tables have a cool view of LV Blvd. We each ordered our dishes and were very pleased with them. Prices weren't too bad. It can get busy on weekends at dinner so reservations might be a good idea. Service was acceptable given how busy it was. Our server had an awesome back tattoo!
4	Came here in 2008 and when we moved here recently we knew we had to come back!The only drawback is the wait but there is a reason for it. Great service, reasonable wait, delicious food at a really fair price (for the strip).
3	Diablo's served my first ever Vegas drink. Again, this was a restaurant but they have bars throughout for enjoying a margarita. The vibe was borderline hard rock, hardcore, but the people were mostly tourists and plenty of party people walked in and out. Margaritas were about $10, and the staff is friendly. Will have to try to food and update next time.
5	This place has a nice stage, Excellent food but expensive food. Drinks are very good here also. The club is of medium size and the sound guy is not the best. I like that it has no roof and overlooks The Strip. The Bartenders and Wait Staff are pretty good and look good which is a plus. I have always had fun and enjoy this place every time I go there. That is why I always help with judging every year for Diablos Rock The Roof! "PAN"
1	Seriously this place is WAY over priced.  The only cool thing price wise was the 3 dollar happy hour drink that changes by the wheel every hour.  Unfortunately they only have 1 bartender working so the odds of actually buying one is 1 in a 1000.  Food is so/so and not worth buying.  Worst of all was the most expensive daquiri bar in vegas, so couldnt even get a drink to go.  Cool idea, and location-unfortunately bad service, overpriced, and average food kills it.
3	Close to the strip and work, me and a few friends stopped by after work on sunday to grab some nachos, drinks and watch what else but football. Pretty decent mixed drinks enjoyed my time there and hot damn them nachos are certainly a force to be reckoned with. Its probably enough to feed 3 people so be hungry. I didn't try any of the entrees but hey if the nachos are good enough for the 2 mexicans I rolled with then its good enough for me. Not bad for a stop for mexican food on the strip.
4	Diablo's has become a somewhat meeting spot-usually the first spot we land on when we first arrive because the location is just so darn convenient and smack dab in the middle of it all. It has a great balcony with a perfect view of the strip and a pretty laid back on crack vibe if that makes any sense....The service is always friendly and attentive-busy or not. The food is decent and overpriced....but, I wouldn't really come for the food. Come for the margaritas and avoid the Prairie Fire shots if you want to make it through the night!
4	The service here was excellent and the spicy shrimp quesadillas were very good. I'll agree with other reviews that this place is expensive for Mexican food but it's comprable and reasonable for the Strip. I'd definitely recommend it!
4	So ... this review is based on my memory, which in fact was slightly, um, obscured by some beverages.Here's how it started; looking for my cousin -- "Whooooo!" Girl, there you are! We park at the bar -- promptly order margaritas. Another couple people join the group, "Whoooooo!" I think there are about 12 of us scattered in this group around the bar.My other cousin finds *something* in her drink. This is where things get hazy. Not quite sure if it was a hair, bug, or a body part at this point. The bartender gives us all free shots, "Whoooooo!" Here we go again.Next thing I know is I hear Sly mention that she has had 9 drinks already. Didn't we just get here? Isn't it only noon? Didn't my plane just land?I need a nap. Next thing I know is that I wake up at 4:00, somehow I am back in my room, I slap some eyelashes on for the party ....good times.
2	Meh... its okay.  I give it a 2.5.  Decent food, a bit over priced, okay atmosphere, okay service, good location.... I seriously doubt I will be back.  There just wasn't anything that made me think I wanted to spend my time or money here.  I mean if someone wanted to go here I wouldn't run, but I certainly would never suggest we go here.  Lots of other, better places to spend your time n money.  Just my 2 cents.
5	For all of the times I've been to Vegas and many times staying just down the street at the NY NY, I had never tried Diablo's until this past weekend. Looking back, I'm sad to say that I didn't try it sooner. I can't speak for the food across the board because I only tried the steak tacos, but they were phenomenal. Definitely the best steak tacos that I have ever eaten. The fact that I had them twice in a three day trip should say something given all of the choices Vegas has to offer. The prices did seem a little high, but for me personally, it was a vacation and the food was great so I'm not giving it a second thought.
2	Shite!! I do need to be more sober  to explain but basically the waitress is super rude and trying to kick if out7! How rude we just spent 120 bucks lady!!!!!!!!!!!To be updated!!!!!!!!!!
1	When did the Wheel of Sin become the Wheel of Suck? Seriously, when I started going to Diablo's for happy hour the wheel had many awesome items for a mere $2...fast forward to 2011 and the items on the wheel are $5 and $7. Um, since when is a $7 shot of Patron considered a good happy hour deal? Or how about a $5 Pacifico? With all of the other awesome drink deals on the strip I am saying adios to the Wheel of Suck.
2	Service here blew harder than a cat 5 hurricane and the old bald guy behind the margarita bar was grumpier than George Costanza's dad.  I gave it two stars since I got a free beer after waiting 45 minutes for my carne asada!  Seriously now...
4	Places like this makes me wish we had gambling in Phoenix.  Yeah that's a bit much, but awesome bar/club/restaurants like this wont go to just a regular town.  I love the whole look of this place.  Neon lights in a killer font that says Diablo's Cantina and a hot lookin red demon girl standing up there looking on LV Blvd.  Im not a drinker, but those I was with are, so they quickly ordered drinks while I got my usual iced tea. Great tea btw.   We were looking for something small to tide us over for dinner later.   Kat was our waitress and she couldn't have been nicer.  When a waitress comes back to check on your every five min and still is able to take care of all her tables, that shows experience.  I asked her how the nachos were and she said they were very popular.  Ok,  a four cheese nacho right away makes me smile...  About 10min later she brings out this huge tray of melted cheese that have a few nachos sticking out from inside it.. lol.  Ahhhh  cheese heaven.  All four of us enjoyed the nachos and we couldn't finish them.  Damn delicious!Can't wait to go back to this place.  Very cool!  Also the wait wasn't that bad.  We went about 5-ish and maybe waited for 15min.
4	OMG the service here is so slow, but that aside, I had the low-carb combo fajitas ... I love that they didn't bring me tortillas and instead, brought me lettuce leafs to enjoy the fajita meat on ... first time I've ever seen that and it was fantastic.They have a full bar ... I had 2 bloody mary's and they were good.  Prices are on the high-end, as to be expected in Vegas.
1	I'm a Vegas regular, and I usually would never visit a restaurant right on The Strip, but I gave this place a try because I read that they had some killer nachos. Big mistake.It was packed on a Thursday afternoon, so we sat at the bar. The chicken nachos were above average, and so were the margaritas. Then we got the tab and I was reminded why I don't frequent The Strip's tourist traps. 2 pitchers of margaritas and a plate of nachos= $95. Whatever. Our bartender was cool so I tipped $20. Here's the kicker. I get home and check my credit card activity and they added $10 to my tip. Dicks. I'll never go back.
4	On a nice sunny day you cant beat this location.  We sat at the bar with a view of the strip and took it all in.  Good beer and margaritas.  Of course we did the nachos.  Our plate was loaded with huge pieces of chicken.  Happy hour is good and the spinning wheel of specials keeps you around.  We will be back.
4	fun lil spot.
1	WAY too expensive for what they serve (I know it's Vegas, and everything is jacked up, but come ON) and pretty lousy service.Got a buffalo club sandwich (wasn't feeling the Mexican here) and it was ok, nice spice but nothing too heavy, and nice well-done fries, but $16?  Got a mini-cup of ketchup, asked twice for more and never got it.Free margarita on the rocks coupons (market price 11 f-ing dollars for something smaller than Webster's trouser snake) but the waitress salted the rims when we asked for unsalted.Chicken tacos thoroughly drenched in cheese, and tasted like a chicken sandwich, nothing great.I'd avoid this like the plague.  There's a hell of a lot better in Vegas, even on the Strip.  I guess they gotta pay the rent for having the sidewalk-cafe vibe.
3	Weakest house margaritas I've ever had! They were way too sweet and not tasty at all. If you're going to call yourself a cantina, have decent drinks! The food is average, nothing special but it's ok. Basically people come here because it's right on the strip in front of the Monte Carlo. Not a must visit but a solid option I guess.
3	Finally made it to this place! the last trip back to Vegas in Jan. we let this place slip out of our hands. The idea of the place is cool, i love it! right on the corner kinda and tons of people watching to do. I'm going to have to disagree with the "strong drinks" though. Makes me wonder who many drinks people in Vegas actually need to drink. I've been to Vegas a handful of times and maybe once hand a bartender HOOK it up. My margarita was Eh at best. I think my water had more booze in it. On to the food. I ordered up some of the Baja Fish Tacos. OK not bad but not the best i have had either. The Rice however was dang good!! The GF ordered up the Chicken Enchiladas and I'll give those some props. I liked the setup of the place, nice and big with lots of room to walk around and not hit everyone. It was Final 4 time so the place had some noise behind it. The vibe was mos def a good one. I might need to hit this place again jut to make sure I'm not taxing it too hard!
4	Diablos is a great place to visit in Vegas. The drinks are good and the food is better. The guacamole is awesome and the nachos are great. Beware though the nachos are massive. No joke three people could split them. I split them with my gf and we could barely finish half. Try to find the girls handing out the free margaritas outside before going in.
3	Decent, but nothing that totally blew me out of the water.  It gets one of the stars solely for the reason that it opens up to the strip, so it's prime for people-watching!! There's an upstairs deck, too, but I didn't get to check it out.  Party atmosphere, cool vibe, fun theme.  If you're coming directly from the Monte Carlo, you get to trek down a huge ramp like you're going into hell!!  Prices are reasonable for Vegas standards.  Food wasn't bad (I had chicken enchiladas), but I'm almost tempted to take away a star because the chips and salsa weren't free! Sacrilegious!
3	This place has a great happy hour, $5 Mexican beers and a wheel of fortune on liquor.The food here is good, easily as good as any Tex-Mex style restaurant, but it's a damn rip-off! WAY too expensive for the portion sizes and quality of food. The Super Nachos are a good value. But when you consider that they're just tortilla chips in guac, sour cream, cheese, and tabasco- that's a damn rip-off too!I doubt I'll go back, except for drinks at happy hour.
2	This is large scale restaurant, food should not take an hour just because there is a "large party". I appreciate the free margaritas but Damn next time I spend this much for a forth of a bell pepper and a chicken breast I need to be far more intoxicated...quick tip: do not go here unless your a real douche bag
3	I really liked it here, I was a little tipsy for 1:00 pm but hey it's Vegas wth lol the food was good, drinks were the bomb and the waitresses not to bad either ;o). The food wasn't over or under cooked the drinks were not to strong but not weak either. It is pricey for the portions and the service, well they were busy, but our waitress seemed like she cared and she did her job well.
3	ok, let me tell you my story, we had a reservation for 20.30h and got there right on time, there were many open tables but we still had to wait 15 minutes to get seated. So finaly we get out table and they give us a table outside the restaurant to the side, where there is only this one table which is located right to a wall, Hell NO!! Ok, we go back inside and wait for another table, still many open tables available, after another 10 minutes we get a booth, ok fine. Than we have to wait 15 minutes for the waiter, who comes to tell us that somebody else is responsible for our table - OK, more waiting!!! Than our waiter comes, who was actually very nice, we order our drinks and food at the same time. all drinks get here quick except the Margarita, that took another 20 minutes, more waiting. And that the waiter has the nerve to joke about it and ask "do you want another one, it only takes 20 minutes to make one" At that point I was almost ready to turn into "El Diablo". Overall just overpriced Mexican food. If I go back here it will only be for drinks, but not a Margarita.
2	Low-quality, overpriced Mexican food - some of the worst guacamole I've ever had.  Go for the fun atmosphere, NOT the food!  Our waitress was really, really nice though, so they get an extra star!They had a good bar atmosphere and a super slutty, girl who looked like a prostitute dancing on the front table, pouring shots into people's mouths - a couple of my friends partook, it was fun to watch!
1	Was there for Sunday lunch on the balcony.  I would give them "0" Stars if possible.* Found 2 Hairs in the Salsa and Fajita.  TOTALLY GROSS* The Salsa for Chips and Salsa was bland and we asked if they had a spicier Salsa and they let us know they had not made their Spicy Salsa yet.  It was 12:30.  She offered Jalapenos for our Salsa for a FEE.* The Waitress was rude and no other servers want to help any other table.* I asked the person who brought out the Food for a fork and he looked annoyed and didn't bring it.* The Rice in the Rice and Beans side dish was not fully cooked. I let the waitress know and she brought the same thing back and was rude when I asked her to take it back and cancel the side.* Everything is Overpriced.  A simple Chicken Burrito is $16!I understand Vegas pricing but Hair in my food, Salsa and Rice unprepared and it was close to 1PM when the food was served, and RUDE Service was just too unreasonable!
1	Don't waste your time or money on this place!  With so many good restaurants and bars to choose from in Vegas, do yourself a favor and go anywhere else but here.  Steak burrito arrived pretty much cold; small $8 beer started semi-cold but was warm in a few minutes since it was served in a cheap plastic cup.  $55 for a cold burrito, warm beer, salad and an iced tea - give me a break!
4	My favorite mexican restaturant on the strip. I've been there three times over the past two months. I love the ambiance, beer selection, salsa, and four cheese enchilatas. It's a fun place with good people watching. Highly recommend.
4	A perfect stop on the strip to stop in for a drink. You don't need to go in through the hotel to get in. It is an open air venue so you get a lot of fresh air.We ordered two Margaritas and the bartenders talked us into a pitcher (twist our arms). The 'ritas were quite tasty.The bartender takes great photos as well!
4	Great location, awesome bartenders, good drinks.I was in Las Vegas for my 21st birthday. I admittedly don't remember much but I do remember I loved this bar. The drinks were strong and our bartender (guy with a Mohawk-I believe his name was Derrin) was amazing. He was entertaining and gave me a few drinks on the house for my b day. He was really the reason we came back the next night.
3	You would think that in Nevada you could get good Mexican food, but I suppose something right on the Strip wouldn't be authentic.  It was edible/ good enough, mostly, but I will complain about the rice and beans (which were $5 each as a side!! A $10 side of rice & beans, seriously?) and the rice tasted like cooked white rice with tomato paste.The only reason this place gets 3 stars is because they often hand out cards to get $3 margaritas and boy are they yummy!  They do them on the rocks, but they have just the right amount of alcohol and the margarita mix they use is good.  They are MUCH better than the $12 blended margaritas you can get in the restaurant.  Go for the $3 margaritas at the take out window by the door and nothing else (maybe a side of chips & salsa if you need just a little sustenance).
3	Great place if you have a large group! It was super crowded on a Fri night, but our Bachelorette party managed to score 6 seats at the bar.  The bartender was really responsive and very funny! Drinks were stiff and good.Food was okay! Don't expect authentic but it was good! Nachos were the best...Bummer part was that the guys (we didn't know them) seated next to my friends at the end of the bar actually puked at the bar (it's Vegas).  But the staff handled it well!
2	This place has gotten progressively worse since we came here years ago.  Nachos were huge, but tasteless.  The margaritas are a joke.  I make better ones at home!
1	Decent (if over priced) Mexican food, but the absolute worst service of any restaurant I've eaten at in my 8 years in Las Vegas... Bar none.
2	As Monte Carlo guests, we were handed some coupon for $3 drafts while we were out at the pool. That was how they got us hooked in. Decent food, however $18 for fish tacos is pretty ridiculous.
3	The happy hour drinks were extremely watered down. Yes its happy hour but at a prime location like this one I expected more. The atmosphere was enjoyable. The only reason they didn't get one stars was because the appetizer we had was AWESOME!! We had the Queso Fundido - i posted pics. YUMMY!!  Mind you that was the only thing we ate. I would go back just to try the other food even though it was over priced for it being so basic. $14 for a cheese quesadilla is ridiculous! So if you want to spend on arm and leg and not get drunk but have good appetizers go here - or if your a tourist- which I'm definitely not. Sorry your not hot enough for me Diablos!
1	Good service, horrible food!! The chips were stale and they charge for salsa that I could have made myself (and I'm no chef). I wanted grilled shrimp tacos which they didn't have on the menu. They brought me tacos with frozen shrimp that is normally served in those cheepie salads. I was really dissatisfied with the overall experience and even more dissapointed in the quality of food.
2	Nothing really stands out to me about this place and the drinks are over priced. I came here on a Friday night once when they were having some sort of beer pong night and we were quite bored out of our minds, the place was near EMPTY, the music was mediocre as was the service as well.
1	just terrible.  Over priced drinks, mediocre food.  Live music, was okay, but was  ridiculously hot.  Rude, rude, rude staff.  It's only popular because of prime location.  Save your money (lots of it, too) and go across the street to another location...any location.
2	Overpriced, but you're on the Strip so get over it.  They refuse to take reservations even for large groups -- First come, first served.  If you show up with a yard-long drink from elsewhere, you'll be asked to chug it or leave it at the door before entering.  You need to come here for food or the nightclub to justify the high prices -- Don't come here just for drinks.Watch out when the waiter offers to bring you chips and salsa -- They're $4 each and they'll bring you "enough for the table" and then you're stuck paying $12 before you even get your menu.The food was good and the service was OK, but the high prices and sneaky chips leave me feeling just meh about the whole place.
4	I'd been wanting to try this place upon my last trip to Vegas. Went here for lunch and had some of the best fajitas I've ever tasted. My friend ordered the Carne Asada and, that too, was great. Had a mango margarita to wash it down, which was very strong, but flavorful. Service was alright. Outside and inside decor is pretty cool. Wish we would have come back here for drinks at night- they have a spinning wheel that decides the drink specials of the night which I very much wanted to give a try.
4	This is another one of those, "We were walking down the street and decided we wanted a drink or two" stories. We popped in for a drink, sat down at the bar and proceeded to have a great time. The bartenders were really nice, made recommendations and would make anything we asked. They let us look at some of the "special" bottles of tequila they had even if we didn't buy a shot a drink made with it. The service we received was excellent, fast prompt and friendly. I couldn't ask for better service. They have drink specials during the afternoon based on a wheel they have hanging over the bar, they spin it and what ever it lands on is the drink special for the next half hour. Because we were there celebrating my wife's birthday and our belated honeymoon, they let her climb up on the bar and give it a spin. She got a kick out of that. I liked the atmosphere, it was relaxing. I will admit that the layout makes it a little warm during the day, but hey, that's why they serve cold drinks. It is a bit pricey, just remember you are on the strip in Vegas. We liked it so much we went back later in the week when we were passing by.
3	They have great staff and the nachos are awesome. They play great music and it has kind of a party atmosphere.
2	$20 cover
4	Best Micheleda's I've ever had! Nachos are also GREAT 2 maybe 3 people can share the Nacho plate!
1	Walking down Las Vegas Blvd on a sweltering summer afternoon, passing all of these more or less rock bottom priced beer and drink places, we made The Mistake of Massive Proportions and went into Diablo's. Why? It looked good from the outside. And it had those two magic words: Happy and Hour.We ordered two margaritas, chips and salsa. In Vegas. Where drinks are more or less free. The Diablo "margaritas" were more like watered down 99 Cents Store Lemon Lime sodas and the chips came with three tiny wasabi-sized bowls with non-spicy salty green sauces. The bill: $32! I asked, "Isn't this Happy Hour?" But my real question should have been, "Happy for who?" Oh, and the $32 included a $4 CHARGE for the chips and salsa!!! WTF!!! When was the last time you paid for chips and salsa? Uh... never! Moral: Don't judge a book by its cover. Especially when it's called Diablo's. Better you go sell your soul somewhere else.
2	Used to be better.   Drinks seem really watered down and their margaritas suck ass.  Just stick to beer.   Happy hour deals used to be awesome, but now nothing special.
4	$3 margaritas? $3 for 2 beers? I'll take it. People say it's watered down? margaritas aren't really my forte, so I'm pretty weak when it comes to it. We were suppose to pregame before going to the Minus 5 ice bar on the inside of the Monte Carlo, and we ended up eating. The appetizer platter is a meal in and of itself!!! Wings, calamari, potato skins, and something else can't remember. The bf bought me a yard of strawberry margarita...and I was drunk by the time we walked to MGM to play blackjack.Friendly service, I'd come back, food was pretty good!
4	Tried this place again for the second time, and actually had a better experience, so I am upgrading my rating.  Food was better and the service was much better.
3	My memory is a little fuzzy from this place, but I'll try my best haha. For a fact, the margaritas are hit or miss. Outside we received cards for $3.00 ones and they were okay, when we actually sat down for dinner my larger margarita was waaaay too salty. It tasted like they just dumped salt in the bottom of the glass! yuck! The only food I had was a quesadilla, and my friend had tacos that she said were also "just okay." Coming from southern california, it takes a lot to impress us with Mexican food, but for a fun time, cheap drinks, and the possibility of meeting new friends? (we did!)... its a fun place to check out.
1	The food is literally awful, and it's not cheap.  As a resident of Las Vegas who appreciates all our wonderful visitors, I beg you to spend your money somewhere else.  There are too many great places to dine in Vegas for you to even consider this place.  They take advantage of their location to serve disgusting food with thinly veiled indifference.  And who can blame them?  It's usually full!  You can have a meal you'll enjoy somewhere else on the Strip for about the same money.  Find one of those places, and stay out of this dump!
1	I came in for lunch with two girlfriends while staying at the Monte Carlo - we were starving and Diablo's looked pretty cool from the outside.  I ordered a shrimp salad which literally had exactly 3 shrimp sliced in half lengthwise then flipped over (cut side facing down) to appear to be 6 shrimp.  That, however,  is the least of my complaints.One of the girls ordered tacos and asked for Tapatio. You know, a bottle of Tapatio.  She received a side of 3 salsas.  When she pointed out that this wasn't what she wanted the waitress told her they didn't have any and walked away.... adding a $6 charge for the salsas she delivered.My other friend ordered a hamburger.  It didn't come with mayo so she asked for some.  The waitress brought a small side of mayo... adding a $3 charge to the bill.  (Notice a pattern here?)About halfway through the burger my friend wasn't looking so hot. She said it tasted funny.  In an instant there she goes running to the ladies room to vomit it back up...  She came back to the table  practically green.We reported this to our waitress who obviously didn't care at all or apologize - she simply rolled her eyes, took the burger away and dropped off the bill. After noticing that we had still been charged for the burger in addition to the $6 salsa charge and $3 mayo charge we asked to speak with a manager. The manager approached our table with attitude and before we could even tell him that the burger made me friend sick he said that he already knew and he "tasted her burger and it tasted fine to me - maybe she threw up because of alcohol."  I explained that we hadn't started drinking yet - it was only lunch time. When I brought up the charges for condiments. (Seriously?! THREE DOLLARS FOR MAYONNAISE?!) I told him "I've never been charged for condiments at a restau-" he interupted me and said, "Well, we do."  I told him they should at least tell people instead of just bringing it out then adding it to the bill.  He snipped back "Oh, well I guess you expect me to comp the whole bill then?"  I wasn't going to argue with that.  "Yes, that would be great.  Thank you."  We threw down some cash for the tip only and walked out. I'd give them a zero rating if I could. The food made one of us sick, they charge for everything to pad the bill, and the manager that I dealt with was a rude prick. I wouldn't go there again if they paid me.
3	The food is pretty good. We had the queso fundido and nachos. Portions were big enough for two or three to share. But prices are pretty high and service is insanely slow, even when they're not that busy.
2	Okay so my husband and I were craving nachos. We ordered the steak nanchos to split. The order was huge and tasted decent. I think they should have been since they costed $18! Anyway, the beer was way over price and do not have a huge selection on draft. One Miller Light beer was freakin $8!?!?!? WTF!?!?
4	This is a cool place to hang out.  The service was good.  We got margaritas at $3 due to the coupon we picked up from a guy promoting Diablo's Cantina.I ordered the guac, which came in a huge bowl.  But I found out quickly that the bowl was mostly filled with chips.  Meh  The three salsas were all very good.
1	WORST place in Vegas to party.  I have lived in this city for 18 years.  All I can figure is that they have way too much business due to tourists and could care less about customer service.  Cuz there's no way they would make it in the real world.   Don't waste your time or money.  There's a million other places in Vegas that deserve it.
3	Phil got me started on thinking back of all these vegas places, lol. This place is not that bad really, alot of 1 star reviews but I guess you just have to know what to order. I have been here a few times and enjoyed it. Last time, it was weird though, I was meeting a local vegas contact here for dinner but I made her wait forever for me because I was in a strip club for an early evening adventure. I was like you live here, none of this is new to you. Shit happens, the margaritas here were kind of weak though. The beer was enjoyable and the chicken nachos are gigantic in proportion.***I have some pictures and Video from here but probably should not put them here or on facebook.-Editor's Foot Note, Why did I initially give it a 4, it was way more of a 2.5 or 3, there..I said it.
1	The upstairs patio bar is BEAUTIFUL! However, the atmosphere doesn't mean a thing when the bar is the worst customer service I have ever experienced on the strip. I am a local who has lived in the valley for over 15yrs and of all my experiences on the strip or else where, this is by far the worst. I can respect paying premium prices for cocktails on the strip, but with it I expect great customer service and quality. The bartenders here are the rudest I have ever encountered and I will never return to this bar. Experience it for yourself, you will regret paying extreme prices for horrible and rude service.
4	i got fucked up here once! best part about it i was only 20 years old and got in! muahahahahahhaha. i need to visit this spot now that im 21 and legal. !i love vegas!
4	Over priced drinks, but really good environment and fun new people.  I really like the two layer feel of the place.  The bottom floor felt like a night club, while the to top had a nice lounge/concert vibe to it.  Nice security.
3	My husband did the hot wing challenge but wasnt able to complete it.  He loves spicy food and said the wings were really hot but not TOO hot.  He just wasnt able to eat all 20 wings that you have to finish to win.  I ate a cheese quesadilla and it was pretty good.  Also if you get the coupons from the guy outside you can get pretty good beer or margaritas!
4	Do yourself a favor and order a pitcher of margaritas and relax here. Also, order the guacamole to go with the free chips.Then split an entree (if there are 2 of you). Great location on the strip. The rock and roll/fun ambiance sets the mood to party!
3	If you had told me a week ago I would order, and enjoy, a $17 burrito I would have said you were nuts.  A $17 burrito!  $17!!!  But, the strip has a way of warping your sense of value and hey the $17 burrito and a few beers kept me from the casinos for at least two hours so that probably saved me money.There was nothing wrong with the food itself, our waitress kept the beers coming and they had the game on.  This place is INSANE at night but a fine place to hang your hat for a while during the afternoon, if you can stomach the prices.
1	Overpriced. Bad service.
5	A few girlfriends and I received a $3 house margarita coupon from a person handing them out on the strip.  I was a little apprehensive to go, but we opted to check it out anyway.  What did we have to lose... $3?  There was a cool "take out" window facing the street, and that was where we grabbed our margarita.  The drink was very smooth and worth more than the $3 we paid!  We also grabbed a table for a late lunch, and the place had a fun atmosphere, even at 3pm.  I can only imagine how packed it must get during the lunch and dinner hours.   The staff were very nice, the place was clean, and we were well taken care of with drink refills, extra napkin requests, etc.I ordered the steak tacos, and even though they appeared to be street style, they were packed with steak & cheese!  I don't know if it was the margarita, my grumbling stomach, or the tacos themselves, but they were some of the tacos I have ever had, and I highly recommend them!!!My two friends shared a plate of nachos, and it was loaded with every appropriate topping imaginable.  I sampled a few of them and WOW!  The chips were light and crispy, and the toppings did not make them all mushy.  There was so much on that plate that my friends finished about half of it.  The price of food was moderate, but you definitely get your money's worth!!!
2	The "best part" about the Diablo's Cantina is also their biggest weakness - the waitresses.  They have an attractive female wait crew, complete with tank tops ala Hooters, but be prepared to be ignored, wait unnecessarily long for anything, and to have your order screwed up.  I think people go here for the atmosphere and the waitresses, or at least the hyped Vegas expectations of those things, so don't go in expecting anything other than hype.ProsAttractive waitresses in tank topsStrip locationConsNot good for large groupsService is slow/badThe food is average at bestThe place gets busy on the weekend with a lot of foot traffic coming in off the Strip.  I do not recommend this place for large groups/parties because it is a hassle in terms of getting a table and getting your food/drinks out.  In our group, the final dishes didn't come out until about an hour and half after the first dishes came out - we basically had to bag 3 dinners because we were ready to leave when they finally came out.  Additionally, drink orders and requests for napkins or utensils were frequently forgotten/ignored, and they had this attitude as if we were somehow keeping them from doing something else.  The waitresses like to talk among themselves or play on their phones - good luck getting their attention.We had a large group and basically ordered the entire menu, which means that I got to taste most of their offerings.  Without my opinion being soured by the poor service, I can honestly say that the food couldn't compete with your local taqueria - Chevys runs circles around this place.  Despite all of the negative aspects, the place isn't a bad place to hang-out if you've got the patience and don't care about the non-existent service.  There are other places with much better food and drinks, and the Strip is full of women who will ignore you - proceed with caution.  Below average food and poor service cannot be masked by young ladies in tank tops - this is Vegas, you can do better than this.
4	I ate lunch here alone while my husband was in a conference and it was perfectly okay.  Served 3 salsas with my chips - all delicious and different, the agave margarita was delicious and obviously hand-made (not cloying-sweet sweet-n-sour mix).  I had the steak fajitas - I measure all good Mexican joints by their ability to serve me steak and peppers - and this one measured up.  Great food, friendly service.  As a feminist, I worry about women who have to wear skimpy clothes to work, as many of the servers here do (I know - it's Vegas - but still, have we not established that women have brains instead of just bodies?).  My waitress wore black pants and a black t-shirt and was perfectly pleasant.  This was a solid place to eat and a great value for the Vegas strip.
2	I went here for a lunch with a big group of girls. Not my favorite restaurant in Vegas. The service was great, and our waitress was friendly, helpful, and chatted with us and our bachelorette of honor a little. No complaints there.The food is expeeeeeeensive. Even the chips and salsa are $5, shouldn't that be free? I guess they have a prime location and can charge these exorbitant prices, but when I saw the prices, I expected great food. I ordered the chicken taquitos because everything else was over $15 and it was just lunch, and there was no way in hell I could live with myself after ordering a $17 burrito or quesadilla. The food came fast but my taquitos were filled with some sort of chicken paste. They were covered in a sour cream squiggle and some lettuce, nothing special. I only ate one. Those who know me know I'm cheap and will take home any food I can, but I didn't even want to box it up. I wish I had ordered the traditional elote, which was $5 and looked hard to mess up.Our waitress encouraged us all to order Sancho margaritas, in huge, take-home cups, for $24. The blended strawberry was decent, but my mango on the rocks was overly sweet, artificial tasting, and not good. No one else really liked theirs either, but we felt guilty not drinking them because of how much we paid. Bridget P not finishing her alcohol is unheard of, but it happened today. I guess this place continues to draw crowds because of its awesome location. I don't think I'll be back.
3	ITS A BAR....SO THAT'S GOOD....THE PLACE: i went here with my boys last weekend on Saturday to grab a few cold ones after walking down the strip.  Right off the bat i could see WHY this place would be a hot spot but it just seemed like a regular bar to me, people had to keep telling me it was crazy. Calling it a cantina imply s mexican-ness but i dident see any. Bartender had that depressing VEGAS LOOK were you get the feeling that they have been taken in by the lifestyle and it just wore them out, i mean she was still hot but, it was a painted on hot and she was nice enough to us, but we were being assholes They DID however have a nice big wheel that chicks could spin to get free drinks or drink specials for everyone or something like that and they would get up on the bar and be sexy, so i'm all about that. Nice decor around with allot of crazy shit on the walls.....THE BAR: Yeah they had beers, yeah the had shots, yeah they had what LOOKED LIKE nice margaritas, bar seating was nice and it was like half outside half inside. Cheep also, Miller Light set me back fro $3, i'm good with that.OVERALL: Yeah i would probably go back but it was just OK this past time i was there...I wont totally discount it.
1	Not as good as we expected. We started out with the margaritas, and although they were okay, they weren't worth the $13 price. I missed the people passing out drink coupons!Unlike other Mexican restaurants, the chips and salsa are not free and cost $4 here. It came with 3 different salsas, but they were extremely mild without any heat at all. We did ask for a spicier salsa, which they brought out at no extra charge. But all of the salsa containers were very small.We ordered the beef and shrimp fajitas. When the food came out, there was hardly any meat and only 3 shrimp. At least the beef tasted okay, and the shrimp was flavored wonderfully. The flour tortillas were disappointing- part of them were stale and completely inedible. Beans and rice were not included and also cost extra. The rice was hard and undercooked, and the beans didn't have much flavor. It wasn't worth paying $5 extra for food that they couldn't even cook properly. Our server did a nice job. She was very attentive, even though they were busy. Too bad the food and drinks were overpriced and didn't measure up.
3	Good Mexican sports bar!Great service, more than enough TVs and decent food. Typical, but small menu. Good flavors. Had a little bit of a wait to get in, but worth it. A little high priced for what it is, but it's right on the strip so you kind of expect it.
1	From the outside this place looks and speaks to you "Vegas"....... however.........I arrived at the venue, starving and ready to eat, got in and was quickly seated with my brother. 2 beers ordered straight away, usual drill.......I had commented on the way in, that some guy I was stood next to STANK, it was after we had fully submerged ourselves in the restaurant that the smell was not going away.The drinks arrived and I asked the waitress what the smell was, and she told me they had been'having trouble with the sewage' for a while and that 'you get used to it' The smell was so rotten I am surprised they were able to stay open....We told her no way! As if I am going to eat with all these particles of other peoples sewage getting inhaled with every bite of my burrito. I am not getting used to it!The bar became an ongoing joke every time we are in Vegas and we nicknamed it 'Feces' I tried it again a year later and it still wreaked. The happy ending is that I was just in Vegas and they were charging $65 to watch the Pacman fight in there, so I went across the road and watched it for free from the Hard Rock!Sorry I cant give any more of a review of the place, couldn't get past the smellFeces-OUT
1	I love the vibe in this restaurant, but the food & service is terrible! U have to pay for chips and salsa, plus I ordered extra salsa & they charged me for it. I asked waitress if there are any beer specials, she said the buckets of beer are either $28 or $35, I'm not sure? The food is blah... Portions are small.. Lame
1	Horrible horrible....our waiter was not so friendly the food is way overpriced chips and salsa are not free...rice undercooked with no seasoning beans I didn't touch the enchiladas of chicken were ok but when the waiter brought out our food a fruit fly came out with the food im guessing it was in the kitchen and followed our food and it didn't go away from our table I complained and they didn't make me pay for it but horrible experience for sure
4	Most expensive enchilada I've ever had, but by far the best and great people watching location!I generally don't get too enamored by Las Vegas glitz, but this place had it going on from the Medieval entrance to the copper menus.   The margaritas were $13 bucks and appeared to be a little lacking in the Tequilla department.  Also, it was kind of lame you had to pay for chips and salsa, but they offered 3 varieties of salsa that appeared to be homemade and the basket of chips was large enough that we didn't need a second one.  I ordered the chicken enchilada and the tortilla tasted either homemade or very fresh.  As I mentioned, it was pretty pricey as I'm used to the typical cheap Tex-Mex, but it was by far the best enchilada I've ever had.  I would definitely recommend this place if you are hungry on the strip.
2	We chose to go here the day after the Las Vegas marathon because Mexican is always a good day after race meal because it's filling and we are usually starving. I know it's Vegas and all but the fact that they want you to pay $4 to start off for chips and salsa is a bit crazy especially given that it's a Mexican restaurant. We ordered margaritas and I have to say that this was the worst $13 margarita I have ever had. It tasted so sicky sweet that it was undrinkable. It was almost as if it was all simple syrup mix and no alcohol. We ordered the steak nachos and thankfully the waitress was wise enough and kind enough to tell us that the nachos would be enough to feed both of us. Boy was she right! We are by no means gals who eat like birds and these nachos could have easily fed 3 of us. So if you want to get your money's worth definitely order the Nachos. There is a nice heaping of guacamole on the top of these which is some decent guac but they are lacking in sour cream - there's very little drizzled across it. (I asked for some extra but it never showed up.) When we asked for some salsa for the nachos we were told it would be an additional $4.Guys you'll be happy to know that the girls are dressed in a "bad girl" theme and are all pretty attractive. Our waitress was nice enough but the service was still lacking. I'm not sure where in Vegas the other Mexican places are but there has to be something better.
2	We went here with a party of 10 on a Wednesday night. We ordered 3 sampler platters, since nobody could decide what they wanted. The wings were good, but the food that should have been warm was cold. Or warm on the outside and cold on the inside. For what you are paying, it isn't worth it for cold or lukewarm food.
4	I've eaten here... well... I was going to say I've eaten here a dozen times but that would be lying to you. I don't want to start off our relationship with lies. I've drank here a dozen plus times. It's pitchers of margarita! How could I not spend time here?! I personally dig the one with the chilies along the rim of the glass. If you start every day of your Vegas trip here with your own personal pitcher then you know you're in for a good time. I have also devoured some of the food here. I've done burritos, tamales, nachos and probably a few other things as well. Ever feel like Shaggy or Scooby? This is the place to get your noms on. They have cool servers and bartenders... everyone is tatted up and pierced. They have patio seating and a huge opening on the front of the building so you can people watch the strip. It's Vegas! What's not to love about booze and people watching... and there is some great people watching to be had. It has a pretty central location and the entrance is right off the strip so you can stumble right in. Two of my fave things about this place are the snarky comments hanging on placards around the bar and the wall of fame/shame for those that tried the ghost pepper chicken wing challenge.I can't wait to come back here!I'm a fan!
4	Favorite place to eat in vegas. Fun atmosphere but a little loud at times.
1	This place blows. It is a plague upon the earth. Overpriced, bad food, and we waited over an hour to get our food on a Friday afternoon. I fervently pray that the Fates do not have another trip here in store for me. Once per lifetime is too much.
4	Diablo's is a fun place to hang out and have drinks with friends if you want to be somewhat outdoors and have a view of the strip. The outdoor seating is fully covered but opened to the Vegas air. You can enjoy the excitment of Vegas but comfortably seated at a table drinking big schooners of drinks with friends. I love coming here! Especially when you get great seats outdoors. Diablos has a great lively atmosphere. Shocking to find at the Monte Carlo, but being in the middle of the strip is something to hoot about. Their drinks aren't terribly strong but that's the fun about  those big fruity drinks. Get some extra shots if you're looking for a little extra. Their nachos were mile high and delicous. For $14 I'm glad to see that it was a huge plate of food.I'm a fan! And will be back for sure!
5	This place was so amazing that we went twice during our weekend in Vegas. I'm sure everyone else has already mentioned it, but in case they haven't, GET THE NACHOS!! They will easily feed 3 people, maybe even 4. I don't know what kinds of cheeses they use, but it is heavenly.Our servers were great both times, and when they accidentally made an extra margarita for another table, they offered it to be and my friend. We were happy to take it off their hands. ;o)
3	Came here for a casual afternoon lunch and it wasn't too crowded.  We sat further inside, but it is nice that the restaurant is open to The Strip so you have the best access to people watching.  I had the BBQ ranch chicken salad and it was pretty good.  The prices were decent.  Would I come back here again?  Sure.  Is it one of my top choices?  Probably not.  I probably would have liked it more if I was drinking!  :-)Vegas Trip 10/20-23/11
5	BEST micheladas in Vegas hands down.My review is for the bar ONLY, I did eat here a few years back but only stopped by for Micheladas and beer this time around. Let me add that their beer was ICE cold and oh so delish.Service was good, bartenders we're nice and fast. Make a stop here to cure your Vegas hangover with a cold and delicious Michelada, you'll thank me later =)
2	My meal (typical burger) was actually pretty good, the reason this place get's a 2 star is that it was over-priced and it was pretty busy/noisy.  I have been back to Vegas since and didn't go back to Diablo's.  To many other options I guess.
3	I would give it 3.5 stars.  Good chips and sauces to start.  Had a chicken sandwich with fries that was very flavorful and fresh.  Right on the strip in Vegas so try not to trip over all the Hobos begging for money at the front door as you walk in.  They have big TVs there do good for game day.
3	3.0Great place on the strip to grab a quick cocktail and people watch!The cool thing they have here is a unique happy hr.They spin the dial thing every 15-30 minutes, and the HH specials change. Could be beer, liquor, or whatever. But it makes it fun.Food is overpriced, but the view on the strip makes it fun. I do make a point to visit here everytime I'm in Vegas. Just one of those nostalgic things.....
1	The food sucked! How can you get nachos wrong? It's probably a better place to drink. Not going back there again.
2	Way over priced drinks n food. Nachos sucked and I would get drunk off 2 margaritas at home but here I'm sober after 2.... But, service was awesome. Our server was super cool and friendly... I am not sure if I would recommend it or not.
3	This was our first stop after checking into the hotel after landing. We were starved and Mexican food sounded great.The music was so loud in here that even tho the wife and I were only about 1 foot apart we could still barely hear each other.The server was really good and went over the menu for us. We got a pitcher of mangoritas (stellar) and both had the quesadillas. Those were yummy too. Our bill was over $100. I know it's Vegas, but it's still a sticker shock for lunch at a cheesy Mexican restaurant.
3	It was too loud, too expensive and not very memorable food-wise.We were staying at the Monte Carlos and Diablo's devilish storefront and the call of margaritas and Mexican where calling our names when rolled into town.  We got seated right away - at a pub table - not comfy, but we were hungry so no biggie.  The server was prompt and got us our pitcher of Mango Margs quickly, plus gave us lots of tips on what the best of the best was on the menu.  We started with the potato skins, which where good, but nothing special.  Then had the chicken quesidilla for my entree.  It was big and the chicken was spiced well, but again, nothing extraordinary.  The margs were extremely good, but my hubby and I shared a pitcher and I didn't taste a bit of alcohol and $39/pitcher I would expect a lot more out of my marg!  The atmosphere is fun and lively, but seriously why is it so loud.  I had to scream at my husband who was 6 inches away to talk and I missed most of what our server said.  Seriously, just turn down the music a bit!  So we tried, it worked for a hungry pair and we don't ever need to go back.
4	Had a great experience here when I thought I wouldn't. The margaritas with jalapenos in them were great!The nachos were HUGE, well worth the price.My fajitas were ok, I got the combo with chicken, steak and shrimp. The steak was really tough and hard to chew.Service was very good, I would def go back again, probably would skip the steak part of the fajitas though.
4	Another one of my favorite places to go in Vegas! During the day, its an average restaurant & bar but at night... wow! They have some hot scantily clad women that stand on the bar dancing with bottles of Sky Vodka & all you have to do is tip them. They'll have you lean back on the bar & stand or squat over you while pouring a shot into your mouth straight from the bottle :) GREAT way to get shitfaced!
3	Great location for people watching.On Tuesday night a group of 5 decided to dine here for dinner.  The Mexican food is unmemorable and very overpriced.  No one finished their entire meal.There were only male servers on the floor that night.The place was pretty empty.There are better restaurants on the Strip to patronize.
5	Best Mexican food in Vegas.
4	It's a tex-mex sort of place with lots of noise, lights, and a giant devil woman on top of the restaurant...what else could you ask for?I had a couple beers and snack there one afternoon and had a great time.  Service was good, atmosphere was casual so a nice break from some of the other restaurants and bars I hit while in Vegas.I ordered the deep fried sample platter which was...deep fried...so no surprise, but hit the spot as a snack with beers.
3	We were gambling in Paris and we suddenly realized it was already past 1am. It was our last night and we wanted to go out so we rounded up the troops and started walking down the strip. The first place we see is Diablos, cover is $10 on Sat night, (cheap cover in Vegas) and the music sounded good so we decided to go in.Got a table in there were go go girls on the bars giving free shots and all you have to do is tip them, it's a nice size shot too. Of course the guys were looking at the girls because they were gorgeous but so was I because they had zero fat on them.They had a nice size bar and the margaritas were pretty damn good. The music was awesome, they played hip hop and rap all night. The dance floor wasn't too crowded, maybe because it was already past 2am and many are passed out somewhere.I didn't eat here but it's a pretty cool spot if you're looking for something not so expensive.
3	Great location, fun atmosphere, excellent service, hit and miss food quality. The chicken enchiladas were bland, but my daughter loved the spicy chicken tacos. With all the great restaurant options in Vegas, I won't be eating here again.
5	Seth, the bartender, pulled in the 5 stars for Diablo's.  He was a truly outstanding PR guy.It was cold and rainy on Saint Patrick's day.  My bf and I managed to find seats by the bar.  There were throngs of people throughout the entire bar and restaurant area, yet Seth made it so easy to order our drinks.  I was amazed how attentive he was considering the vast amount people he was serving.
3	Went especially for the Nachos and margaritas. There were two of us, and there was no way we could have, nor should have finished the Nachos. A huge helping, with no shortage of cheese and steak. Staff was very pleasant and efficient.  Music was mostly 70's era, which suited us fine. Loud enough, but not too loud. In general, however, the room was fairly noisy, making conversation across the table a bit of a challenge. Overall, a good experience, and we'd go back, especially with a larger group.
5	My girl & I came here from a recommendation from a friend. We didn't know what to expect. We thought it be fake Mexican food. I got the fajitas & she got the chicken nachos. We also got the guacamole & chips. The guacamole was freaken good. You can tell it is fresh avocado & it had such flavor. When the fajitas came out, the smell was really good & the carne asada was  so tender & flavorful. My girls nachos were HUGE like no other. 5 people can share them. The sauce they put on them was very good & tasty. What was good about her nachos was that they layered them so the whole platter had something, not just the top like every other place. The margaritas they squeeze real lemon in theres, nothing fake here. I will definitely come here again
2	Crazy place. Get there early there is always a line. Its a bar and grill so every things a bit pricey. Get your drinks in the casino first. Food quality well I ordered my favorite Buffalo chicken sandwich.  When I got it it tasted old and a strange crunchy taste to it so I sent that back. I had a been burrito and that was just as good as taco bell. The live bands are cool. That was about it.  I dont see my self going back. :(
3	We walked in told it was going to be a 25 minute wait, so I went to the bar and asked for a cup of ice water which the bartender so nicely gave me, then filled it up 3 more times before we got seated. NICE...We got a table by the window so people watching was pretty cool wait we waited for our food. Its loud though at times we barely could hear each other. But its Vegas I expect that.Chips and Salsa to start, $4. Really?!? Kinda funny. Drinks we decent, I got one with fresh raspberrys I won't lie it was nice and fresh. I ordered the Steak Tacos, $17 bucks, but at least they give you all the fixing on the side. All in all it was a decent lunch, a little over priced but the service and food is good.
3	Pretty standard cantina/bar on the Strip.  Would probably give it 3-3.25Pros:1) Location - on the Strip in the Monte Carlo2) Decent Margaritas & Nachos3) Drink Specials (pitchers of Margaritas) at least they had specials when we were there on the Friday of March Madness4) Great people watching - since the Strip is right there...so you see: bums, escort service ads on those mobile trucks literally do laps up and down the strip, hot girls, ugly girls, fat dudes who think they are awesome, old guys pervin' on chicks, street performers, families who think that it is great to bring their young kids to Vegas and watch their expressions, Cons: 1) This place gets packed...but then again...it's a bar...on the strip....in Vegas2) Bathrooms are not close....if I recall...we sat at a table literally overlooking the strip...and the bathroom was in the way back....which is typical in Vegas (reminds me of the movie Labyrinth with David Bowie [1986])3) Because this place gets busy....service can be hit or miss.  We had a good waitress, but the table next to us...not as good....at least it appeared that way.
3	Good people watching place. Food is just ok, did NOT like their salsa choices -- two chipotle and one very mild green pico. Drinks are spendy but you are right on the strip so what else can you expect? Use the drink coupons they hand out, it will save you a good $10 bucks. Sit at the bar or come when its not busy...its always busy so sit at the bar if you can.
4	Kind of expensive for a Mexican Cantina, I thought.  But the service was great as were the tequila BBQ ribs!  Awesome.
1	My friends and I went here for dinner one night, and I wish we hadn't. We were hankering for some Tex-Mex type food, but this place, while it looked promising, was a major fail.We were seated right away, but that was the only positive of the evening. We ordered chips and salsa. The salsa tasted alright, but the chips tasted like they were poured into our bowl from one of those $2 bags you find at the grocery store. Blah. The food we ordered was INCREDIBLY salty!! Salty to the point where it was nearly impossible to eat it! Everyone ended up only eating about half their entree as a result, and even that was a bit of a struggle.Two in our group ordered mango margaritas, and both of them said they weren't very good at all. And then the waiter... He was MIA for most of the night, and I felt like taking our order, refilling our drinks and checking in on us was a bother for him. I don't need my waiter to be uber-friendly, but he/she SHOULD at least be attentive and a little personable. Bad food, bad service.
4	What originally drew me here was the fact that you could eat and people watch the strip at the same time. DING DING DING! That's all it took to rope me in! We got a bucket of beer, mahi tacos, and some chips & queso and had ourselves a great time here. We ended up accosting some cute guys from the strip, sharing food with them, and it ended with all of us doing shots of tequila. Definitely one of the best dining experiences I had in vegas (as far as fun goes). The atmosphere here is so laid back and great. The servers were attentive and adorable and everything tasted good. I will definitely make this a stop the next time around! And I didn't get the skinny on that 'Wall of Fame & Wall of Shame' , but I am making it a goal to get on one or the other next time!
3	Hi prices but good food.  I can only 3 star when you charge for chips in a Mexican joint (however good the food is) and I have to use a damn flare gun and air horn to get extra salsa when the 0.00069 ounce mini-bowls are empty.  The food is good.
2	Two bartenders working - a vapid female in too-tight pants and a tall drink of water named JP. I ordered a strawberry margarita - my brother a regular margarita. Both no salt. She clarified with us - not once, but twice - about whether we wanted salt. No salt? No salt. No salt? Yes - no salt. Thanks. Female "bartender" brings me a daiquiri. One sip and I realize the mistake. She breezes past again and I say, "I'm sorry - but I'd like a margarita. This is a daiquiri." She looks at me, dumb-eyed (like a horrible lead character in some M. Night Shamalamdingdong movie)."Ummm?" She says, rudely. "Okay?" I clarify. "I ordered a strawberry margarita." Begrudgingly, bartender lady takes back the glass and brings the proper drink.20 minutes later - our glasses empty - she eyes the landscape and says, "...You want 'nother round?" "Yes please. Strawberry margaritas, please - no salt."It was like a shitty version of Groundhogs Day, my friends. We had to play the "No Salt" song-and-dance game again and she miraculously brings me another daiquiri. Are you kidding me?!The best part about this bar was JP - who, upon realization that his partner in crime was an utter NOOB - brought me a strawberry margarita sans salt. Lo and behold - miracle upon miracles - he only asked once. Imagine that.
2	When eating a meal on "The Strip" one would assume that the service and food are above par.  Sadly this is not the case for Diablo's Cantina.  The service was lacking and there was no sense of urgency or follow up...it took almost 20 minutes for us to even be acknowledged and we were sitting at the bar/counter.  When we finally found a server and asked for a menu, the response was a finger point and a mummbled "ask the bartender, not me".  When the food made its appearance it was bland and lacking any spice and flavor.  Overall I the experience at Diablo's was a let down and I will most likely never return or suggest it to visitors.
4	Went with some friends of mine from out of town for dinner here one night. Now I've walked passed this place a million different times and have always said i've wanted to go...well here's my shot. so we check out the menu outside while we're waiting for a table (took about 20 mins) and it's mostly a tex-mex style menu with plenty of good choices! We get sat at a table and our waiter was super friendly and nice, he took great care of us the whole time. I had the chicken fajitas with a "sancho" sized Sinful Vixen. OMG most delightful alcohol drink i've ever tasted, even had crushed fresh raspberries at the bottom. Overall a good experience, the food was good as was the drink. Prices are a tad high I think i paid about $40 just for my food and drink not including a tip. Definitely worth going to once and i'll probably go again.
3	great food, not so great service.went here for cinco de mayo, but would never return.and wayyyyyy too loud.
3	Food was good, service at the time we went was okay and we had strong drinks.  All pluses when on our last day in vegas.  Perfect seat in the front to people watch.  Salsa's were tasty.  I had shrimp tacos and loved them.  The BF had the salmon, tasty, nicely cooked.  Portions were a little small, but it hit the spot.  I wish the chips and salsa didn't cost extra, kinda seems like something that would be free but it's vegas, what can you do.  nothing's free.
5	My favorite casual bar in Vegas. Definitely always stop here for lunch and a pitcher of Sinful Vixen!
4	Food is not as good as it used to be.  Great margs on the rocks - order the hand made ones. Bartenders were super friendly.  Fun party atmosphere, bachelorette parties.  We had a blast.
3	This joint is decent.  After spending a fun-filled couple of hours on the Mandalay Bay pool I decided to walk the strip and came across this place.  I had like I think one or two shots of budget brand tequila which was ok, but that's really all I had so I can't comment on any other drink or food.  There were a ton of people in here and it seemed like everyone was having a great time.  Of course you're on the Strip so there's potential for entertainment.
3	Day-drinking! Tequila! Chicken Sandwiches! Yeehaw!If you're a fan of any or all of the above, let me hear you say "Yeehaw!" Really, let's hear it.No, not really, you don't have to say it, but you should when you go to Diablo's. It's fun, loud, lively, and a great place to be when you want to enjoy the warm breeze and a margarita. Speaking of margaritas, I recommend you get one on the rocks- they're quite delicious and extremely potent. You will get drunk, which is good because life is good. Also, my group was ordering rounds of Cazadores Anejo shots and I swear they gave us a half glass full every time. Maybe I had too many margaritas before that, but nonetheless, shots, shots, shots! And to wash all that down, or soak it up, rather, I recommend you order their chicken sandwich. It was dog-gon tasty (and it wasn't the drinks...).Yeehaw!
1	For our first meal in Vegas we thought we'd try Diablo's as it was one of the places in our hotel, the Monte Carlo Resort. There were 4 of us, 2 couples. Upon finding the first "hostess" she pointed us outside to the "other hostess." Between the two of them they passed us back and forth before the "outside" girl finally put us next in line for a table, approx. 10-15 minutes. We noticed a table for 4 empty, so we figured we'd be seated soon. Next thing we know, a group of 6 and then after that a couple came into the restaurant and were seated right away, while we were still holding onto the pager waiting our turn. It was at that point that we left, it was clear that they were discriminating against us, either because they could tell we were lesbians or we were not "girly" enough or didn't have men on our arms. Get over it, it's 2012. After reading the reviews we are thankful we didn't eat there. We had much better fare over at the Sporting House Bar & Grill.
5	This place was so good! the ppl were great! i would say more but... what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas!..... DIABLO!!!!  Cant wait to go there again :)
3	Was there just drinking. Being local I was disappointed that they don't have any local deals. Seriously.. I have no beef punishing the tourists but.. come on.. I am local! LOL.. Spoiled huh? Anyhow say up on the deck overlooking the strip. I liked the setup very much. Big roomie area nice big chairs and couches for kicking back. Now, the server was super cool. Funny thing was apparently she was not so nice to some out of town friends we were meeting there, but once we sat down and chatter her up she was super cool. Even comped a drink or two for us and made things more comfy on the bill. I would go back for sure.. Enjoy..
5	Well I don't know about everyone else but I love this place.  My friends and I came here twice during our weekend getaway in Vegas for MDW and we had a blast both times.  The staff is super friendly and the food was good.  We didn't have big meals but the appetizers that we had were great and the food came out relatively quick.  We had a pitcher of the Sinful Vixen which is made out stoli raspberry, cassis, muddled fresh raspberries and lemon sour, well it was just to die for.  We came back the next day and they had all you can drink draft beer and a live rock band.  It was awesome and will definitely stop by next time I'm in Sin City! :)  DIABLO... lol
3	Crowded, Loud, Cheap drinks, and lots of fun!!
1	Tried to eat here but you can only sit at a table if you are ordering a meal and the bar was full. Almost every table was empty but they would not let us sit at one and have drinks and appitizers.
3	This place is a good reason to get off your feet and have some beers/mexican food.There really is nothing to write home about here, plenty of TV's a decent beer selection and mexican food.  I doubt anyone will go out of their way to go here, but when you need to sit down for a bit and that dude hands you the 2 for 1 coupon, well....you could do worse.
4	Best Mexican on the strip
4	Their nachos and giant margaritas are a must every time going to Vegas for! They both are huge and delicious! A must everytime I'm in Vegas!!! It's Vegas!!!
4	Came here on a Monday morning dying to get food in my stomach. The place opens at 11. The service was great. Our server made some great recommendations. To be honest I wasn't expecting to particularly enjoy the food, but I was pleasantly surprised. I got the carne asada burrito and the boy got the fish tacos. Both were delicious and very fresh. She also recommended some weird margarita which I hear was delicious (tequila is just not my thing). We also got the chips and salsa and guacamole. The guac was soooo good! Not overly spicy, but not bland either. Was bummed that we had so much food we couldnt finish it. Will definitely come back get some chips and guac and have some beers next time I'm in Vegas! All in all is was definitely an enjoyable lunch to get the day started!
4	Great, friendly staff who took good care of us on a crowded Friday afternoon. Decent margaritas, and my chicken tacos were very good.
4	This place is great nice atmosphere I advise you to make your reservation online for fast  seating.. Food was pretty good , portions could  be a little larger but enough to satisfy... a great place to people watch direct view of strip at this location:).. as a part I must say Diablo has smoking  super hot waitresses!!! and I mean these waitresses are smoking:).....(I was the one asking about the shoes that the waitresses where lol).. but all in all it's a great place to have a quick dinner without the heavy price tag!!!
4	Delicious food and drinks! Very affordable! Great for people who like sports!
4	Place was easily the best part of the Monte Carlo resort. My wife and I enjoyed 44oz margaritas and we split the fish tacos, street tacos and steak tacos. The street and steak were really good but the fish tacos were a total mess of no flavor and mayo. Our server was really good and I'm a total sucker for a place with a bathroom attendant.
2	Food was mediocre at best.  /The chips and salsa were the best part but I think its ridiculous that you have to pay $5 for chips and salsa.  The margaritas looked good but we didnt try them.  Ambiance is fine.
3	I'm conflicted about Diablo's. The food was quite good. But the service was terrible. But they gave us free beers to make up for the terrible service. But the food wasn't spicy. They had two big-screen TV's set up on the balcony for the NBA finals. But they were LOW DEF. As a bar, I'd go with 3-4 stars. As a restaurant, 2-3 stars. Overall, I guess A-OK sums it up nicely.
1	I will absolutely never go here again after my visit this week.On Monday, a friend and I sat at the downstairs bar to enjoy a few drinks. A few hours and $400 later, we decided we would come back for the 4th of July to enjoy the fireworks on the strip and take advantage of the $20 all you can drink draft beers.I first arrived with my brother, and we decided to get a table on the upstairs patio and wait for the rest of our friends to join us. When we told the hostess we wanted the $20 all you can drink she did NOT say that it was only from 9-12, and neither did the sign. No big deal, I checked in on foursquare and got the 2-for-1 drink special card.When I presented this card to the bartender (after sitting at a table and being ignored by the waitress for over 20 mins...) she gave us the equivalent of ONE beer in two small plastic cups. That is not a 2 for one deal..thats just splitting the beer. Fine...whatever. When my friends joined we asked the waitress to sit us at a large table with couches so we can enjoy dinner. She said we had to order from the bar. We asked why and she said "cuz you are sitting on that side." What? I explained we did not have a tab, we had more people coming and we wanted to order full meals. She then proceeded to say the table was only for 6 or more people..then said just wait 5 minutes. We waited, and she seated us at the table we requested... (dont really know what the fuss was all about)The food itself was pretty good, a bit over priced but thats what you get on the strip.It then took us an HOUR after receiving our meals to get the waitress' attention to order more drinks. There were only about 8 other tables, its not that hard to make sure you are serving your customers!!She comes to take our drink orders, and completely forgets my brothers drink, walking away before we could even say something. At this point, my friend who was footing the bill was fed up and went to the bar with cash to get my bro a beer.  After waiting about 10 minutes to get the bartenders attention, she proceeded to actually scream at him saying she only does wrist bands and cannot take cash and walked away. She was yelling so loud that I heard her over the live band and turned around to see what was going on. Since when is it ok to yell at customers and treat them like crap?! Especially when more than half your pay comes from tips!!! We promptly left after that and like I said, never will return again. There are plenty of people here, myself included, that are looking for work yet these idiots that dont seem to understand they are in a SERVICE industry have jobs. Go figure!!!
1	This was my fourth time in Las Vegas and while I've been here before, this will definitely be my last time visiting Diablo's, especially after their service (we were there Thursday, May 10). The food is OK, but like other people have said, "nothing to write home about" and the drinks while tasty, are definitely watered down. Our waitress came pretty quickly, was very nice and took our orders but went MIA when we needed another round or needed to ask her for more napkins.My boyfriend and I finished our food and tried to order another round but we simply could not get ANY waitress' attention. After what seemed like forever, a second waitress came and brought us our bill without us asking for it and just dropped it on the table. At this point, we were so annoyed, we figured let's just leave and go somewhere else.Well, it didn't end there... we paid the bill and walked out because we (AGAIN) could not find a waitress to give it to. At the doorway, a third waitress grabs my arm and gives me a nasty look and said, "hey did you pay?"... I was in shock... all i could do was nod yes, point at the table and walk away. That was the icing on the cake and that's why Diablo's will never see me again.
4	Best place for Mexican food on the strip. The prices are high but that's what you get for eating on the strip. I had the steak burrito and my husband the steak tacos, both were amazing. I would skip the chips and salsa next time, it reminded me of salsa from the grocery store you get out of a jar. Avoid sitting upstairs in the bar area, your server will forget about you and you will be sitting there all night!
2	WATCHING THE UFC HERE IS A NIGHTMARE!  Since the UFC has a monopoly within Vegas, there are limited venues which show the fights.  Diablos is one of four places on the strip which I found to show it.  Diablos charges $25 per person to watch and this is significantly less than the other places I found which hovered around $70 per person.First, the space reserved for the fight is limited to the upper patio.  They allow 350 people and that amount of people feels very cramped.  There are not nearly enough seats so you will most likely be standing.  Even standing you will constantly be pushed around.  While the restaurant is quite large and kept pretty cool compared to outside, the patio is really hot.  I am still amazed that 350 can fit in that space.Second, getting service is near impossible.  There were about 3 bartenders and 2 cocktail girls for everyone there.  Also, the drinks were so watered down that it wasn't even worth ordering one.  Eventually I got so fed up with the situation of waiting for a drink that I went down to the main restaurant level and ordered down there.  Drinks were still completely watered down, but service was significantly better.  This is how I continued to order through the rest of the fights:  walking down stairs ordering, then bringing my drink up.  I think that the restaurant would try to make their guests a bit more comfortable, but it does not seem to be a priority for the fights.Finally, I'm happy that I got to see the UFC fights and that I was so close to the MGM which were holding the event.  Several fighters were there as well and that was exciting to see.  If I did not get to enjoy these two things I would not come here.  There are much better restaurants in Vegas and I hate paying for a glass full of mixers with a thimble full of alcohol. It is my understanding that the Station Casinos show the fights and have an ownership interest in the UFC.  If I am ever in LV for the fights in the future, I am going to try to view them at the Station Casino because Diablos is not able to offer a comfortable viewing environment.
4	This was the second time my husband and I have ate here.  They gave us a coupon allowing us to get 2 for 1 drinks.  There food is good and I would go back again.  They have happy hour and they spin a wheel so the drinks are always changing on the half hour and hour.  If you like spicy food this is the place for you, everything is more spicy than other places.  It is a nice place to sit down for a rest and eat good food.  We will go there again when we visit, we had fast and friendly service.  Hope this helps.
3	They lure you in with girls in bikinis offering you 2 for 1 deals, but I think it's only for wells. This place was close to our hotel so we were just gonna get some drinks since there was nothing appealing on the menu, but ordered some food too since it was convenient that way. I shared the carne asada fajita sandwich with my friend. It came with fries and the portion was pretty huge. $18 for a sammy, but it's Vegas! ;) They also have the bikini girls stand on top of the bar and have them spin a wheel..not sure for what or why, but hey- more eye candy lol. I saw someone order nachos and it was humongous! Is EVERYTHING big in Vegas?? lol
3	Came here with a few friends to just hang on a saturday night after midnight.- COVER CHARGE? maybe it was just us, but the bouncer charge 2 dudes and 1 girl $20 to get in.- Hot dancers! give them a dollar to get a shot of some flavored vodka! give them $20 with your phone number on it, expect a date with them the following couple days. ;) lol- DD friendly. bartenders give free coke to DDs- Variety of music. hip hop, top40, high energy, 90s...pretty much all over the place.- spacious dance floor. not very many people danced. fun if you like to do some spins..lol
4	A group of us went to Diablo's for lunch this past Saturday and were seated right away.  Prices weren't bad for the three of us at a prime establishment on the strip and everything was delivered hot and cooked to order.The drinks were poured heavy (which was nice) and we left feeling full and satiated.
3	We were here to see a friends band play (The Garage Boys, great band btw) the location was a little hard to find.The staff were very friendly, the drinks were good, the prices were not stupid as some strip locations can be.The setting on the patio was nice, we managed to grab a couple of sofas for us and the band when they were on break, the sound system isn't the best, but it worked well enough.I can't comment on the food, we had already eaten and were there just for the music.The one bad thing was, right after the last set, security came around and ordered, not asked us to leave, literally 2 minutes after the last song, not even time to finish the drinks, sad way to end the night.
1	I hated this place from the moment we arrived at the hostess station, but I didn't pick the place and my friends were seemingly committed to it. We waited for 20 minutes for a table for 7, but they lost our name and then told us to go upstairs to the open air bar where there are no tables at all. What?! We went upstairs and sat at a couch/lounge area. The misters were SO strong that we were getting practically showered and thus wet. I asked the server if we could turn them off/down. She said, "I can't survive without them!" Well, I was certainly more concerned about her comfort than mine, or so she assumed. SERVER 1, ME 0  Then she tells me that she can't do separate checks. I argued, this is a bar, do we have to figure out how to split the bill among those people who are not in our party right next to us? Completely unlogical, and irritating. We weren't all eating, and we weren't all drinking. I lost this dispute. SERVER 2, ME 0. Next, you could see her counting how many were in our party. 7. The menu said, parties of 8 or more will be charged gratuity. We had 7. We saw her count. She charged us gratuity. SERVER 3, ME 0. At this point, I was so angry, I almost threw money at her and ran out.Food was also terrible. Only positive might be the patio/view if I weren't being showered by misters. Hated this place. Wish I could rate in the negatives.
5	This is a fun place to eat and drink when entertaining visitors. Alex the hostess took us to our table and that's where the fun began. We got a pitcher of margs and chips and salsa to start. Then, we shared calamari, a melted cheese dish, fish tacos and a huge steak burrito. Everything came out quick.  The music added to the casual, fun atmosphere. Oh, and we had a non-drinker with us and the raspberry iced tea was delish!  Our friends loved the people watching.
2	Soup was horrible. The tortillas in it was very soggy. The drink I had was horrible. It was suppose to have some spice and ginger in it but tasted really bad. Guac was ok and salsa was very bland. I like a lot more taste and flavor and this place definetely did not cut it.
5	We ate and partied on the rooftop deck lounge. The food was good but the service was really great. Music was solid and it was fun to look out on the strip. It can be very warm outside at night, so be sure to dress for the warm weather and you'll be happy too.There's a mostly indoors restaurant and bar downstairs with the same food and service but is much more protected from the weather.
1	Went here at midnight of the 25, 26 for my daughter 21 birthday drink. Well mister mohawk behind the the bar served us quick, nut it took the clown another 20 min. to even to remember that we where there ask for the bill two beer and three rum and cokes, came to 61 bucks !!!!!!!!!!! this place SUCKS
2	Ambiance was nice.  Went there for lunch, it was dead, waitress took 10 minutes to come over.  Margarita tasted like a Slurpee- now dn't get me wrong, everyone likes a Slurpee but not for 12 bucks and alcohol is a rumor.  They praised their guac dip but it had no flavor- it is missing some diablo spice.  Lunch was average,  you would think of a name like Diablo's there would be some heat to the food.  Maybe they should call it Chili's but then again, they use more spice.  And that is not saying much
4	You wouldn't expect it, but the food here is actually really good.  That said, the reason for walking in off the streets is the huge bar with beautiful bartenders.  The ambiance is great, and the bar upstairs is awesome when the live band is playing.As I recall the drinks were reasonably priced and the place was popular.  They weren't open very late (at least on the weeknights) but it's proximity to my hotel and the rest of the strip made it the perfect place to have a relaxing and enjoyable pre-game prior to stepping off towards a late-night Vegas adventure.
5	I love anything FREE but stds!! And we came here on a Friday night around 10ish and we walked right to the top no cover and then they had a live band play a couple new popular songs and some classics. It was freaking great!! A good change from the upscale snobby club scene Vegas has to offer. I'm coming back to this joint!!
5	Visiting from out of town - table of 9. Hostess hustled us up a table in 10 minutes! We had 2 for 1 drink tickets and we were ordering away and our server brought us a drink since we were one behind! Great service! Food was good not the best but decent but for the service alone, 5 stars!
1	We went to Diablos 8/11/12, been there before loved it.  Will NOT be returning as the bartenders water down the drinks, not the happy hour drinks, regular pay full price drinks!  My friend watched one bartender mix tap beer, WRONG!The food is good but no thanks on drinks!
4	Diablo's is just one of these places I love coming to over and over again. Every time I visit Vegas, I can't wait for the late afternoon to come so I can hang out at Diablo's.The location is hard to beat. There's a great vibe sitting at table by the sidewalk or sitting at the bar watching the people do there thing out on the street.The bartenders are always fun to talk with while people watching. They have seen a lot of stuff on The Strip, and have plenty of stories. They pour a damn good drink also. There seems to always be some drink special or something going on. This last visit, people right outside the bar are giving away tons of 2-for-1 drink cards, any beer or cocktail. And if it's not on the drink menu, bartenders will make it for you, just tell them what is in it.And the best surprise; the food here is actually pretty damn good. They have the normal bar stuff, plus a few extras you wouldn't except. The serving size on some of this items are unreal. Huge bowls of guacamole...a very large pile of nachos with everything stuffed and stacked on them.Prices pretty good for Vegas, especially considering the view and the location.You don't have to twist my arm, I'm already looking forward to the next trip to Vegas.
4	Super fun place to cool off, have a drink and a bite to eat.
2	2 stars. This place is located on the strip and we ordered guacamole which was very lumpy. Also got the shrimp quesadillas which were good. The place was very loud and service did not meet expectations.
5	This was right up my ally. $20 all you can drink draft beer and 80's DJ. Right, not for everyone but I love the pub scene and diablo's has that. The staff are great and I enjoyed the atmosphere.
4	Holy Jesus!  The nacho plate is gigantic!  It could feed a family of 4. If you happen to be on the strip walking around, just out front of the Monte Carlo, check out Chuy's taco cart, a really nice value when food is so expensive on the strip.  Its a great buy when you are on the move from ummmm...bar to bar. Yeah Chuy!
2	My husband and I is in Vegas celebrating my birthday and since he wanted to catch a little of the football game we decided to go to Diablo's Cantina. What a disappointment!  First off, the waitress was not very attentive as she was more worried about the larger group at the next table. Secondly, and maybe more important...the food and drinks were only so-so. We paid $13 dollars for a drink that was comparable to the free drinks you get at the casinos. Lastly, the waitress never came back with our change. Although my husband was giving that as a tip, I hate when they take it upon themselves to just take what's not theirs!  Additionally, our waitress sent another waitress to ask if we will be staying for the "whole game" as if spending $60 dollars wasn't enough to occupy chairs for an entire football game. Terrible service!
4	My review is a little biased, Diablo's was having an event so i didn't experience any of the food but the atmosphere was great. The music was exactly what I personally like to hear when I come out. The party was upstairs and I loved the set up! Plenty of seating around the bar and a little area in the back, Plenty of ceiling fans to keep you cool, it was all very chill. The bartenders were top notch! Even though it was busy they were all friendly and  personable, which is rare on busy nights. You really got a chance to see their personality as they interacted with the customers and often grooved themselves as the music got really good. These elements alone make me want to come back and check out Diablo's on another night just to see how they normally roll, I will more than likely be back..!
1	Found a rusted metal thread in my burritto...supposedly from the grill cleaning brush per the waitress. They didn't charge me for it...however I ain't going back!! Beware - check your food!!
5	Don't know why this place has 3 stars!  So good! Fun waiters and great fajitas!!
4	Yes!Go here early for lunch.  11:30 at the latest.  If it's just a couple of you, go in and sit at the bar.  The bartenders do an excellent job of serving customers.The menu is simple and three of us all ordered something different.  I had a combo platter and the other two order taco plates.  One fish the other steak.You start of with the standard chips and salsa.  The salsa is decent but not outstanding.  Along with this they bring out a bottle of their signature hot sauce and believe me, it's HOT!  Habenero based with mango, it's very hot but also very delicious.The food is excellent as there was nothing any of us ate that we didn't like.  If I had to choose something to complain about I'd say the rice that is served with each plate is just average.  Their re-fried beans are outstanding! I'd like to mention that after trying several bites of several dishes from our group, I decided that the FISH TACOS could be the most mouth pleasing item I've tasted in years.  SERIOUS!  Put just a dab of that signature Diablo hot sauce on them (careful, not too much) and it's pure joy for your taste buds.This restaurant is terribly busy and LOUD.  It's not the place to go for a relaxing dinner.  In fact, I wouldn't recommend it for dinner at all.  Every time I walked by all weekend long it was jammed packed with dozens of folks on the sidewalk waiting for tables.It's a lunch spot and they've got numerous TV's at the bar so you can watch your favorite sporting events.
3	I went to this restaurant with fond memories of the past meals I had eaten there. When all was served and done I was tragically disappointed. The waitress had a bad attitude from the start. This was odd because my party came into the restaurant in a great and friendly mood. Throughout the meal her presence was nearly non- existent. She sat and talked with a local at the bar instead of addressing our needs. Despite the poor service all could have been forgiven if the food was as I remembered it.The menu is quite extensive with fish and meat dishes, but once I saw that there was MOLE sauce, I couldn't entertain any other option.Chips--light and salty, just the way I like them.Salsa--served a homemade pica de gallo salsa and another spicier one with roasted tomatoes and chilis. Another complaint I've had about many of the restaurants is how thin the salsa is. This salsa was thick with chunks of veggies and herbs. The flavor was complex with an after-kick of spiciness. Hands down the best salsa I've had ANYWHERE. I could have drank it down like gazpacho.
3	Ate here just aftr getting into town for a 1 night stay.  Stayed at the Monte Carlo and figured it was right outside our hotel so why not.  We were tired and really didn't want to eat much so we stuck with apps as our dinner.  The place wasn't busy and the atomsphere was nice.  Every 30 minutes or so they spin a wheel that  has drink specials, I got the Crown and Coke.  We ordered the Spicy Chicken Quesadilla, Angry Calamari and a side of rice.  The Quesadilla was big and enough for one person to eat, stuffed full of chicken.  The calamari came with 3 dipping sauces and the chipotle was the best.  It took 10 minutes for them to bring the rice out after reminding them of it.  it was nice a nd relaxing after a 3.5 hour drive.  Good for large groups and plenty to choose from in the menu.
4	On our last visit, we had a little issue with security clearing the place out as soon as the band stopped playing...and they didn't do it in a good way.This certainly wasn't going to stop us going back, but I did have a little email conversation with Mike the marketing Director concerning the issue. Needless to say it is always good to see someone checking sites like Yelp and actively trying to fix problems, so a big tip of the hat to Mike.Anyways, yet another Thursday night spent watching our favorite ban (The Garage Boys) play at Diablo's, the crowd was a bit thin, but the boys put on a good show, the drinks were good and the atmosphere was....Actually, if you think about a group of friends sitting around a fireplace chatting away with your favorite music playing in the background, that what it was like. It is nice to have a place on the strip where you don't have to sell your first born to buy a round and where you can just hang out.
4	Their staff are incredible! And their specialty drinks delicious :o)
4	Sat here by myself for drinks and had a great time!  Can't rate the food but wish I had something to eat.    Would go back again.  Laid back atmosphere!
3	It was fine.Typical outdoor Mexican place.Niceview of the strip from the upper bar where we sat.It was hot out that day and I was tired so maybe I wasn't enthused enough to enjoy it.Friendly folks and the Jager girls were out that day giving away free stuff if you bought a Jager shot.
3	Inevitably, we always end up here whenever I'm in Vegas. I'm never terribly impressed, but there's something keeping me coming back. Maybe it's the sweet (as in nice) dancers that pour you shots. Maybe it's the DJ-ing. Maybe it's the fact that you don't have to be dressed the swankiest to get your dance on. Whatever it is, Diablos is fun, the bouncers are doing their job and you (as a girl) feel safe.I've never eaten here, but they make a pretty decent martini!
1	Hostess said we couldt seat at the table overlooking the strip cause we were just having drinks, we moved n then she comes over n said no u cant seat here either ( table near bar) u can seat only in the tables at the back or at the bar.....Geez!!!! I wanted to leave rigth away, what diference does it make where u seat as long as u buy drinks or food. We got a 2x 1 coupon  in the strp before so we were gonna used it.We sat at the really unccomfortable bar, we asked the bar tender can we get the bloddy marys as 2for one n she said: oh no no bloody marys, can we get margaritas?? no not that either, in a arrogant tone, she wasnt friendly at all. We ordered two beers it was 9 bucks for two beers with a 2 for one coupoun,  r u joking???  So regular price for a beer is 9, geez all this for a place where u cant seat where u want, no friendly bartenders, never everrrrr coming back here is just a trendy bar with overpriced drinks n nothing special.
3	We ended up here for Thanksgiving dinner while waiting for Blue man Group at the Monte Carlo. We were looking for a quick bite to eat and something yummy. The buffalo wings were awesome. I like really hot stuff but we ordered the medium heat and it was defiantly good.  Lots of good heat and spice, but could still taste the chicken and the flavoring of the wing sauce. We got the full order of wings (13) and split them. My rating drops a little here. When i looked at the reviews on my phone it was rated at $$. But, $14 for a cheese quesadilla is just crazy talk for a tortilla and some cheese. I know you gotta pay the rent for your prime location, but charge $7 for the cheese tortilla and you'll sell double what you do now.The nachos looked amazing and I had wished I had ordered them, but we were trying to eat a light meal before the show. The fajitas smelt awesome too.All in all I liked the place. I will revisit it on a future trip to Vegas for the nachos or fajitas Oh and you should be able to find 2 for 1 drink coupons nearby or at the hostess stand.I still bought a $20 t-shirt because I enjoyed the atmosphere, friendly staff and tasty food.
3	Good food and HUGE portions. The nachos were out of control, they could easily feed 4 people. Margaritas were decent - same slushy machines they have everywhere.Minus 2 stars for some very small/plain items being very expensive. Thirteen dollars for a BEAN AND CHEESE burrito? No way.
3	As a local I've been here a number of times. I love coming here for the convenient location and the laid back nature. Expect to be in a loud noisy dining room with LOTS OF TVS. Food is white washed Mexican but it's decent and I've obviously like it if I've been here a number of times. Waitress and hosts are nice, but almost always busy so it's not a quick in and out dining experience. Drinks are strong but I almost always opt for a beer.  :)
1	This place sux a**!  This is based solely on the service, didn't stay long enough to try any food or beverages.  The staff is straight up rude which was the only low light to my recent stay in Vegas.  If you stay at the Monte Carlo, there are plenty of other bars and restaurants, so skip this one unless you feel like being annoyed.  The staff was not willing to accommodate simple requests and seemed more focused on harrassing us than providing good service or any service at all!
4	El Diablo is El Nutso busy!  Right in the middle of the strip, this tourist trap is kickin'.  Just to watch an NFL game at a cool place, I parked far at Monte Carlo valet and walked over.  If I didn't get there when they opened, I don't think I would have been able to sit down.  The place really filled up and got crazy.  The menu is small and limited, but drinks are aplenty.I ordered steak nachos, they were huge but expensive ($18).  The male bartender was great and really responsive (even though it's busy), and the super deluxe and beautiful waitresses are nice and friendly (think of those sexy girls from Tarantino's "From Dusk Till Dawn", but these hotties are clothed), which is always a welcomed distraction from watching a Rams game, even if they've been playing better of late. The place really is cool.  At night, I didn't go back inside, but walked by it's hell-like flames and it looks fun, and even more and overflowing El Nutso.
3	We went here for Sunday football to watch the game after seeing them advertise they show all games. I would not go here for that experience again. Food was good, we ordered the nachos and quesadillas to share with each other. Nachos would have been enough! Drinks and food are expensive and though I was filled, I can't say 100% worth it.
2	I've experienced way better. Will not come back and the food is super heavy.
1	Customer service was good. We were seated right away. But the food was awful. The food was artificial. Canned beans. powder guacamole mixed in with fresh avocados( not fooling me) horrible taco sauce. This is supposed to be Mexican food?! I'm Mexican and this offends me. Would not recommend for someone's seeking true Mexican food.
1	Don't go there! Biggest tourist trap w mediocre Mexican food at best. Definitely not worth $20+ for tasteless quesadillas that don't even come w rice or beans. Taco Bell has more flavor than the food at this restaurant. This is also the first Mexican restaurant I've been to where they don't offer complimentary chips and salsa.
4	We visit Diablo's every time we are in Vegas as my wife loves the buffalo wings there ( which is quite funny since the cuisine is mostly Mexican).  We have a good time there and I feel the food quality is pretty good. Drinks are not bad either even though I feel some are on the pricier side (especially the Patron based drinks).So, all in all, can't complain. As long as my wife doesn't lose her taste for the wings, we will be going there every time we visit Vegas!
3	Went on a Monday mid-afternoon and the place was pretty quiet.  Sat at the bar and shared an Agave Margarita and a pot of salsa and chips with my boyfriend.  (Yes, ladies and gentlemen, you read me right - a POT of chips.)The diabolic about the Diablo must be the size of their menu offerings.  They offer up 42 ounce margaritas in a cup large enough to drown a puppy and make a plate of nachos larger than my ass.  Of course, if I manage to finish the nachos my ass will be in competition with the nachos for girth.  The price for the 42-ounce margarita is $28 and the nachos are $17, but given that it'll probably be your last meal, the prices can't be beat.  Of course, Diablo is there for the fun factor - don't expect culinary fare or genius alcoholic concoctions.  The margarita was made with the typical mix, although I enjoyed the chili salted rim (which made the rita less salty).  The salsa for the chips weren't bad, either.  There were three or four screens showing sports.  To the right of us a senior-aged couple, across from us, a couple in their 20s slogging through their nacho madness.  A mixed crowd and interesting place.
2	Where'd that come from?Reminds me of the brothel in the model town from Beatlejuice.  A tourist trap, cookie-cutter "authentic Mexican Cantina" located on the strip.  They have a Margarita bar with slushy machines spinning and some allegedly hot wings.  Unfortunately it's a dive bar that's been polished up and shoved into a tourist locale.
3	We have been here twice. We had a crazy fun Friday night outside patio dance night on my 40th birthday a few years ago. We went back last month just for lunch and although it was tasty...it wasn't the place I remembered. I would give this place 4 stars for summertime night life with live music. But, average 3 stars for dinner or lunch. But still, a great place to watch people.
1	Lame place.  I was staying at the Monte Carlo, the hotel it's connected to, and so my friend was inside.  I was going over to just make sure she was OK since it was 1:45 am and Vegas tends to get a lot of drunk, horny guys around that time and I just wanted to just have a drink with her.  I had had drinks here before so it was no big deal but the door man at their inside entrance told me I had to go to the front entrance which was outside.  No big deal so I went around.  The bouncer outside said they were closed and wouldn't even allow me in to look for my friend.  I even asked if he would hold onto my Drivers license but the douche bag wanted my phone instead.  Since there was no way I was going to give him my Galaxy S3 to hold onto he said "then you ain't gettin' in so leave".  Rude attitude of a NY city club but at some dive bar in Vegas.    Like I stated before I had been there prior to this, the service was poor, the establishment smelled like mold, and it was like the bar in the movie "From Dusk till Dawn".      I honestly will never go back based on the way they treat people who are staying at the hotel their establishment is connected to and seeing that you can easily take a tram to go to the Aria or Bellagio there are far better options.  NEVER GOING BACK HERE.
1	This is easily one of the most overpriced bars on the strip. First of all, they charge about $10 to get in. I expect covers at clubs but not at a place like this. Secondly, and this only compounds the problem, is that their drinks are overpriced. This I cannot say is surprising as most bars on the strip are. As far as the bar itself, it's decorated with a sort of hellish theme (kind of similar to that of the whore house from the beetlejuice movie) and they have music and a dance floor which are just okay. It is on the strip so you'll get your usual group of morons that come in. Again some of this stuff should be expected for a bar right on the strip. However, the little amount of people that they manage to get in amuses me because they can likely triple that count if they simply removed the lame cover charge. Management, if you're reading this, get your heads out of your asses. If you want to overprice your drinks like most bars on the strip then fine; but stop charging people to get in and maybe you'll actually fill up the joint. Your place can be a lot better if you stop trying to screw people out of their money. I won't be coming back here again until I walk by one day and they no longer charge to get into a bar where I'm already going to spend money.
4	While staying at the Monte Carlo on a recent work trip my group ate here twice! Definitely touristy but the steak and fish tacos are sooo good. I was even craving them after I returned home. The guacamole and their salsa was very tasty as well. We split a pitcher of regular margaritas on the rocks, which I thought was a perfect mix of tequila & lime mix.
4	The food was amazing. Even down to the chips and salsa. I highly recommend the giant stuffed quesadilla. It's enough food for 2 and is ridiculously good. Wish I could say the same for our server, she looked like she wanted to be anywhere else but at work. The food is pricey $21 for that quesadilla but you get what you pay for!
1	Spicy chicken is nasty!!  Would suggest you keep on walking -  too many good places in the area to waste your money here.
1	Terrible service.  Insane prices.  I went here with some friends to watch a UFC event.  Tickets to get upstairs were $25 per person.  Promoters outside had given us vouchers to buy one drink and get one free.  When we sat down, our server told us that the vouchers weren't valid upstairs.  Why the hell not?  We have already paid $25 per person to get up there! We order some food - chicken quesadillas for $17!  I was expecting a platter for that price but no, just four regular quesadillas.  Ripoff!  Server was absent for very long periods at a time so we ended up going downstairs to get drinks.  I used my voucher.  We get back upstairs to our table and the server yells at us for going downstairs to use the vouchers!  So disrespectful and rude.  I will never come back here.  There are too many other places to watch a televised event in Vegas that are actually worth the money.  Do yourself a favor and avoid this place.
1	I always get the giant margaritas and steak nachos every time in Vegas, but this time the nachos were bad. They used a different cheese now and as soon as the food cooled down (which only took a few minutes) the flavor changed and it wasn't for the better. I was completely dissatisfied and disappointed in the nachos to the point that I won't order that again. Sad disappointment diablos
3	Okay Margaritas, awesome salsa, really good sampler platter. Enjoyed view of the strip and festive atmosphere. Wait staff was friendly and efficient. Would go again if staying in the vicinity.
3	My bf and I went here to grab a bite to eat right after we got to Las Vegas.  We were both kind of disappointed because the food was overpriced and just average.  I got chicken tacos which I definitely ate up because I was starving though!  The place reminded me of  "On The Border" or like one Yelper said the movie "Dusk til Dawn."I also got a margarita which I thought was good especially because I drink a lot of those but for the hefty price of $13.  This kind of place should give you free nachos and salsa when you get there but nope you have to pay extra for that.  We entered from the hotel entrance of the Monte Carlo and I almost slipped because it's a shiny slippery floor on a ramp (if someone was drunk they would definitely slip and fall in heels!).  The waitress was okay in service and personality, and I asked about any specials (i previously saw they had ones advertised on the Monte Carlo website) and she told me they weren't any.  False advertisement.  The place is big and has an outside rooftop but it was chilly that day in LV so everyone was inside.  We were there on a Friday at 1:00pm.  Sat down right away and there were plenty of open tables.  If you want to grab a quick bite to eat right in the middle of the strip, this is good for that.  There are definitely other restaurants that are better in food quality and service in Las Vegas.  People wrote some harsh reviews on the place...I really think in general though all prices for food in LV are just as over priced as NYC-in fact maybe even more!  I would go back here though for drinks at night-could have a different atmosphere and I always like to give places a 2nd chance if it wasn't a horrible experience the first time!
1	A star a star at all ONLY because the place has a nice outdoor seating area right on the strip. If, and thats a BIG IF, you can get someone to wait on you, it would be an OK spot for a drink on a nice day.Food is mediocre, mass produced Mex, at way higher price than it deserves. I could have overlooked that, quite frankly,  because its the strip in Vegas, what do you expect? BUT the ridiculously horrible service was inexcusable. Stay AWAY.Tip- If you want good Mexican food, go off strip, to Lindo Michoacan on Desert Inn Road. Yum.
5	This place was super yummy.  We got seated immediately and the service was quick and friendly.  I had a veggie burrito that was awesome, and the chips and salsa were great as well.  We sat at a high top in the bar area and could watch the games on as well as enjoy lunch.  Fun atmosphere.  Highly recommend.
4	I've wanted to go here for years, so 2013 I finally did it.  It is a great, wide open atmosphere that is very energetic.  The drink prices were very steep, $39 for a pitcher of Margaritias.........OUCH!  However, all of Vegas is expensive considering the hotel lobby bars charge $9 for a Corona.  We got the Nachos and 3 grown men could not finish them, so the bang for the buck was good.
4	My wife and I have eaten here three times this week and always make it a few times while in Vegas. The food and service has always been very good and we look forward to dining here. Drinks, however, are very over priced and nowhere near worth the money.
1	I was in town for a convention and decided to stop in for dinner. I had been here before for drinks when I was 21, and it was a good time then, its a big difference I guess when you go in and actually sit down for dinner opposed to hanging around drinking. I came in and sat down at the upstairs bar, there were 3 female bartenders working, one was taking to what I thought was a customer but turned out to be an employee waiting for their shift to start, and the two other girls one was training the other but were completely ignoring me as they were talking about girl stuff to each other. After I sat patiently for about 5-10 minutes I finally spoke up and asked for a food menu. I had planned on ordering a bowl of tortilla soup and a platter of steak tacos. I had made my decision pretty quickly and again I was waiting for another 10 minutes for someone to come back and take my order (not to mention this was around 6pm, and the place was pretty empty.) By the time someone came to take my order I was so annoyed and just ordered the tortilla soup and a corona. I looked at my watch to see what time I had ordered my soup, it had taken 25 minutes for them to bring out the soup which was mediocre at best, I had finished my beer well before they even brought out the soup and had the empty bottle sitting in front of me with no one asking if I wanted another. Needless to say I finished my soup and left. The service was absolutely awful and soup was average, I would never come back here again and do not recommend this place. Vegas is all about the service industry, there are a million other places on the strip striving for business.
3	$12 Margarita which tasted very yummy and I don't usually like margaritas. Ordered a Burrito and was very disappointed with the size. but I didnt mind too much because i used dinning credit from the Monte Carlo. I asked the waitress if they could bring an extra plate because were going to split the meal and she went above and beyond and had the chef split the the entire meal into two small dishes which made it very convenient. the other good thing is that its on the strip and you can people watch. I you don't mind paying a little more than other mexican restaurants i would definitely recommend this joint
3	My boyfriend, brother and sis in law went here last weekend and the deal we got ,$20 all u can drink beer on tap from 9pm-midnight, was AWESOME!  And it wasnt cheap beer. they had blue moon and XX! The bartenders were nice at first but then all of a sudden started ignoring us and walked everywhere except for near us. We pretty much had to wave tip money in front of their faces to get their attention. The atmosphere is cool and some of the body guards were chill. Overall it was a good time. But the bartenders need to change they're attitudes.
2	Food = 4 StarsService = 1 StarLocation = 3 Stars because the patio was closed and this is where we originally wanted to sit  :(I came here on a Sunday evening, It was PACKED! We had to give our IDs to the desk to get a table pager; which I found uncomfortable with. 20 minutes later, our party of 4 gets a nice booth in the back. The server was cute but seemed rushed. We gave her our cocktail order and it took about 10 minutes for her to bring them back. Most of the ice appeared melted already in my Margarita but it tasted Awesome even though the salt had all fallen off. We placed our order for the apps and food and that was the last we saw our server for the night until paytime. The chips and Guacamole were awesome. I really enjoyed the salsa as well. My salad was rather boring, so I was going to ask the server to bring me some black beans or something to add to it, but sadly she never came back so I ate it how it was. Everyone else had mexican dishes and loved their dinners. The refried beans were really good.  I never was offered a water or cocktail refill :( I was freaking thirsty by the end of my meal!! My poor Bf tried the spicy sauce and had nothing to wash it down with by sour cream lol We wait for what seemed like and endless time for the girl to bring the check after we had finished our meals. My bf wanted dessert, but it wasn't offered so we paid and left. I would go back... But definitely not let her wait on me.
2	So I've come here twice, the first time was amazing but that was in 2011, it was a Saturday night so the wait was understandable, the food was amazing and the service was great, BUT I returned in March of 2013 and I will never go again. It was a long wait considering that it wasn't that busy, service was crap waitress seemed bothered at the fact that our table ordered mainly sodas and they were all flat, so we asked for something different, most of the table ended up getting water and we were still charged for the drinks. Food was alright nothing great, so my main complaint was the service. She came around twice yet the table next to us she just kept going back to. What really made me decide not to come back was the fact that we were charged gratuity even though it was only 5 of us, since when is that a big party? Never again will I go back.
1	Tell you what, pictures do lie! That was the worst Mexican food I think I ever had. I ordered a chicken nacho fajita with grilled onions and bell peppers. First off when I got my food, it was huge and packed with chips and no chicken. It was only about 3 bites. The bell peppers and onions were raw and was not cooked at all. So they took it back and cooked them for me and they were still raw. I ordered shrimp with my order as well, and I had to flag down the waiter to let him know I didn't have any on there, and that's when he decided to tell me that that don't carry shrimp any more. That place was horrible and I would never go back because of the food. That place just looks like its good but it's not. Look are always deceiving.
1	The worst food I've ever had.  Service was okay he only check on us twice, warm soda had toWater it down with ice to make it cold. our food sucked. Just yucky good. Huge plates. Just yucky food. Pictures does lie.  What looks good is not always good.  My husband was like "we should of went to fat burger!!" Lol.
1	Taco Bell and Dell Taco are way better at 1/4 of the cost. Worst excuse for a burrito I've ever had. They also use cheap mixer for their drinks which make cocktails not taste as good as they should.
2	On Mon/22 Apr about 6:30 pm we arrived here for happy hour, which ends at 7 pm.PROS: - Great location adjacent to the Strip sidewalk (but that meant no a/c as it was an open-air bar).- Doing a Yelp or foursquare check-in and you get a 2 drinks-for the price-of 1 offer (but you can't use the offer in conjunction with the happy hour drink specials).- Veronica (our server) was quick and professional.  - Their $18 combo nachos (beef, chicken, cheese) is good & huge and since me and my 2 buddies didn't want to overpay for anything else on the menu (eg $16 Diablo's jumbo burger), we ordered one combo nachos to share 3-ways.  Surprisingly, that + my drinks was enough to fill me up for dinner.- In the "Vegas Seven April 18-24, 2013" free magazine on page 48 there's a full-page ad stating "Diablo's Cantina"   - "$20 all you can drink draft beer 9 pm - midnight, live music, Thursday - Saturdays, No cover before midnight"   - and "happy hour daily 3pm - 7pm, 3 buck drafts, well drinks, tacos"CONS:- Veronica had no idea what we were talking about when we asked for the happy hour "3 buck drafts, well drinks, tacos" but she said that there were $5 drafts and some other sub-par happy hour specials going on currently, and there would be additional specials for Cinco de Mayo the following weekend.- So my buddies and I didn't get any tacos, well drinks or drafts as it wouldn't be $3/ea.- Each guy ended up ordering a couple of the the regular-priced $9 Jack+Cokes and used the 2 drinks-for the price-of 1 voucher (so it came out to $4.50 per Jack+Coke) and of course the $18 combo nachos we split.- Next time I go to Diablo's for their $3 Happy Hour or $20 AYCD draft beer, I'm bringing the magazine/ad to show the server if s/he isn't aware of the current promotional ad.
3	Great food and atmosphere. Will definitely come again
5	I was there for lunch. The waitresses are very nice and fast. Also you don't have to wait for the food. The restaurant is not over-cooled (due to air conditioning), because everything is open to the street on one side. This is very well done.Thank you, Tracy B. for this experience.Only the food is not so healthy. But that's almost nowhere in the United States the case.
4	Yummy in my tummy! We got a margarita picture which enough for our group of 5 to have 2 rounds for under $50. And the food was awesome. The nachos were huge, we could not finish as an appetizer. We sat down stairs which was lovely as the weather was nice, it is open air style. Not too expensive at all.
2	A seductive female devil sporting a two piece bikini, thigh high boots and a pitch fork surrounded by flames & palm trees got my attention.  While staying at the Monte Carlo on Las Vegas Blvd we thought we hit the jackpot having a Diablo's Cantina attached to the hotel.    The food was kick-ass, I will give them that.  The guacamole was creamy, packed with just the right amount of heat and was topped with diced tomatoes & a sprinkle of fresh sea salt.  We also ordered the chicken nachos, holy shit they were huge.   They had to have weighed at least 5 pounds.  Fresh crisp tortilla chips layered with melted cheese, shredded chicken and lines of sour cream.  Seated at the tables closest to the side walks enjoying the people watching we were spotted by a couple we knew and they joined us for some drinks.  They asked the server to bring us another round clearly saying that the round was on them.  The server not only charged them, but when we received our bill, we were also charged for the same drinks.  I explained to her that you already charged the couple who left for those drinks, and as good as they were I did not lose track of how many $7.50 margaritas I drank.  She then played dumb and sent over the manager.  The manager showed up running his mouth like he wanted to fight. Already having had several drinks & knowing how little the LVPD tolerates patrons beating up a manager of a bar no matter how rude and obnoxious he was, I simply smiled, stiffed the waitress on the tip & left.Until the incident with the blatant double charging of the drinks and the unnecessary attitude from the manager I thought the food, drinks & atmosphere were 5 stars!! Just a heads up to Diablo's staff, dumb clueless servers who hustles there customers with her pimp like manager's support gets you very few stars.
1	STAY AWAY!! This place has shit service...and from reading other reviews..it seems to be a theme. We walked in off the strip and first thing I noticed was their neon sign "Waitress available sometimes" I guess made as a "joke" but it is the TRUTH! We waited over 20 minutes for a waitress and they walked back and forth past us..cleaning up other tables and bringing drinks..but NEVER Stopped at our table. We tried to catch their attention several times..but I guess they didn't want our business. We finally got up and left..just as good seeing the other reviews...this place has expensive drinks and food which doesn't sound too good either.
2	Oh dear Diablo Cantina...No more specialty cocktails for you. If the Sinful Vixen was just a taste of what your bartenders have up and created I think I should have a whack at altering your recipes. I will say this though their cocktails might be bad but the chips and salsa is delicious and well the bartenders aren't too shabby themselves.
5	Love this joint! The wife and I like the club at night, but this time we had ourselves a little day date. We made a reservation, which was easy and they sat us right on time. The hosts were great, then we met Adam-our waiter. He was SO chill and nice!!! He seriously killed it, he was funny, nice and had genuine customer service. We were going to get an app and some tacos, then he reccomended that we just hold off on the tacos until we see the nachos, which were the size of his head (insert joke here). They were! and they kicked butt!!! We had a 2 margaritas while we were waiting, then a pitcher with dinner and it was SO GOOOOOOD!Adam-thanks for a fun dinner, you kicked ass.Diablo's- keep up the good work!!!
1	Service was horrible.
1	Awful management, bathrooms are a hot mess needing toilet paper, soap and attendants. Manager on duty ignored complaints! Bartenders and security rocked it though!
3	Ehhhh...great service!! Great location and views!! The guacamole and salsa were not good at all. The quesadillas were okay. I ordered a mango margarita and it tasted like a smoothie with some booze in it. Next time I will prob just order drinks...maybe just stick to margaritas and beer??
3	What: Cousins Night OutLocation: @ the Monte Carlo HotelService: Bartenders were fast; they did have a heavy hand on the alcoholTakes: This is definitely more of a late twenties-30+ year old crowd.Live Band: Covered top 40 songs and some oldiesNotes: No cover fee, and $20 for unlimited beer from 9pm-midnightBottom line: Not my scene, but if the above sounds like for you, go here for your barhopping fix!
4	Diablo's (at the Monte Carlo) is a place that's better for lunch than for dinner.During the day, they're not crowded, you can get seated quickly, the drinks are good, and the food is very good. I had the fish tacos which were very tasty, but they leave quite a mess on your hands.The daytime service is good, as well.At night, they are jam-packed, you have to wait for a table, and the service is slow.As an old fart, I prefer the slower atmosphere during the day.Between my wife and me, we had two beers, the guacamole/chips starter and two entrees and the bill was $55.Sounds expensive for lunch, but it's Las Vegas. (this is the point where I roll my eyes.)
1	$4 for stale, bagged chips and a small bowl of salsa.Flat draft beer.No enchiladas, chimichangas, or typical authentic Mexican dishes. Extremely high priced for extremely subpar food. So, go to 7Eleven, grab a six-pack (don't drink yet), and drive thru Taco Bell.  Then, take the $20 you saved and light it on fire. At least you're doing something better with that $20 than giving it to an overhyped, pathetic attempt at serving "food."
4	When I go to Vegas with the fam this is out go to go place to have a nice family dinner. And by nice I mean us all getting drunk lol The food is good here. Service is good. But the problem here is the wait to get seated but after being seated you can look forward to a nice cool experience here. And the waitress are cute. Drinks are strong. Everything seems to at reasonable prices.
2	While out and about for my friends bday, we stopped in this place for dinner. I had the enormous nachos which was great! Others had burritos, quesdillas, etc. The food was pretty good, always pricey on the strip. The reason why I gave this place a 2 star was the service! Horrible customer service. Not to be mean but the server was trashy. Why does one need her breast in my face while I'm eating mexican food. I did not know we were at a strip club. I don't think she even smiled once. We waited forever for our check and although my friends stated clearly they did not want their quesdilla they order previously, she still brought it was made a big fuss. Oh well-
3	Don't get the trio plater! It was horrible. My half chicken tho was amazing! 3 stars because you shouldn't have anything that's no good on the menu.
4	Good food and good location on the strip.  When its not too hot, sit upstairs.  All of the servers and bar tenders are great and super attentive.  The salsa and guac are good, as are the other entrees.  I have been here several times and highly recommend it as a staple for good quality, low cost food on the strip.
5	On a business trip with some friends.  We decided to drop in at Diablos. The food was awesome, and our server Ariana M. Was outstanding it was second to none. She gave some great recommendations,  and told us about a bar/club we could go to named Gold. We enjoyed ourselves and will definitely be coming back soon. As long as we can sit in Ariana's section again.  GREAT JOB! !
4	We ate at Diablo's on Saturday night, and it was great! We got a table for two right away, and drinks came quickly. Lame that you have to pay for chips and salsa, but it's worth it. Great chips and salsa! Atmosphere was fun, music was great, staff was friendly. Food was also really good! We split the steak fajitas, and it was perfect. I'll probably come here again.
5	Best food in town. Was visiting from Hawaii and went to Diablo's it rocks and Da server Ariana she is da Best.
5	This review is for the night life experience only:Continuing on the bachelorette conquest, we literally stumbled upon this place in the wee hours of the morning. It was sweet that there was no cover for ladies or locals, which got our entire group in for free. As we entered, super hot, lingerie wearing bartenders were dancing and swinging from on top of the bar. One of the bartenders immediately grabbed our group, tilted our heads back, and then began to pour shots in our mouths. With that kind of service I immediately tipped her. The crowd ranged from people in their 20's and 30's. We were totally feeling the music, because it was a good selection of EDM and hip hop. Great being girls in Vegas because the whole night's worth of drinks will be paid for you. Overall, great atmosphere, good company, and epic times.
5	Hot Wings and Nachos the size of my head!!!! Amazing. And the giant Chupacabra Margarita with muddled jalapenos, sugar salt and red chili flakes on the rim, to die for. I have actually tried perfecting this drink at home, haven't succeeded yet, but I will try till I do.
2	This place is an OK place to grab lunch.  The food is OK and moderately priced.  Of course because it is in Las Vegas there are many better options if you take a minute to look.Late at night though you should avoid this place.  We had walked by many times.  They are always playing good music and the energy seems good.  We finally went in and found that inside was a different story.  The crowd is a little lacking and the environment reminds you of spring break.  That is probably a good thing for some,  but not me.It is tempting to stop in because you do not have the lines or high cover charges of Las Vegas clubs, but you will find that maybe the charge and wait are worth it.
5	Diablo's is definitely a go to spot! It has a fun atmosphere, great food and awesome service thanks to our favorite waitress there, Cristina!
5	Diablo's...skank bar but the award for least skankiest goes to our waitress Cristina! Haha. Love this place All good in da hood.
5	Visiting some friends in Vegas and I was craaaaaaaavvvving Mexican food so we went there for lunch.  And this was exactly the fix I needed!! The atmosphere is entertaining, the food was delicious and contrary to some comments on here our server was so attentive and friendly. I think her name was Christina. If you can help it, try and get sat in her area!! Definitely going back next time im in town!
2	I had just arrived to Las Vegas with my friends, and decided to eat at Diablo's Cantina. My wife and I had ate here before, the food and service were good, and we thought our friends would like it too.This time the service was awful. We ordered chips and salsa, and never received it, the waitress never came by to check on us, we had to track her down instead. It wasn't busy either a lot of tables for vacant.
4	Diablos never fails the music was great but the drinks could be a little stronger for the price they sell them at.
5	nachos are the best!!!
3	This place is more for tourists. It's decor is inviting & it's a great place to hang out - the menu is nothing extraordinary - American/Mexican-Margaritas are good, food is nothing special, pricey
3	This place is way overpriced! I gave it 3 stars because the food is actually pretty good. I was kinda bummed that the chips and salsa were not conplimentary which is most unusual for a Mexican restaurant. So we ended up ordering that for a minimal price. If you go here, you MUST try the fish tacos. They were soooo good! My sister had the fajitas and they were loaded with all the extras! Hubby had the pork street tacos and he didn't really care for them. One thing I did not like is there is no kids menu which tells me they are not a kid friendly restaurant-that and the fact that the bar area was packed with drunken adults. I even saw a woman standing on the bar at one point-in the middle of the day! Well, it's Vegas so I guess it's to be expected, right?
2	I've passed this place so many times and finally got to go in it. It's located right by the Monte Carlo and it always looked packed from the outside. So for a Halloween weekend I was very surprised how not busy it was on the inside. We had reservations so our host told us to go upstairs and our waitress would show us our seat. The view was great and luckily it was nice outside when we started dinner. Here is where the problems started though. The table we got was lopsided. It was one of the low tables with the couches and I've never had such a lopsided tabled before. I ended up sticking my menu under it to keep it balanced. She took our drink orders and my boyfriend doesn't drink so he ordered a pink lemonade and I got a strawberry daiquiri. Our friend's ended up just getting a beer and a water. After a good while our waitress comes over and brings us our drinks. She put down a margarita on the edge of the table and we didn't notice until my boyfriend looks for his pink lemonade. Took her another ten minutes to come back over and we tell her the mistake. She was apologetic and let us have it for free since it wasn't even our drink. I don't know where she kept going though because it took her a good while to come back with his drink again but she gave him two to make up for it. She took our orders. I ordered the baby back ribs, my boyfriend the Combo nachos, both friends ended up getting the chicken burrito. One of them asked for no sauce on the burrito.They brought out the food and the server handed her a burrito with sauce on it. She even asked him "this is the one with no sauce right?" and he told her yes it was. He handed us the rest of the food and the waitress told him that the order was wrong and she apologized again and took it back for her.It took her at LEAST twenty minutes to get her a new burrito, luckily we all gave her parts of our food.Here's a lowdown on the food we got. Ribs were good, came with coleslaw and onion rings. The ribs were dryer than I usually like it but each to their own, I enjoyed them.The nachos were FANTASTIC defiantly one of the best nachos I've ever gotten to try. They also should be shared with at least three people. Got lots of left overs on that one.Friends said their burritos were good but were not fond of how spicy the beans were. If you like really spicy you will like their beans.Chips and salsa were good. Friend said she really liked the salsa.Calamari was good, nothing special thoughPotato skins were good too.If they just improve their service I would defiantly rate this restaurant higher.
4	We chose the chicken and steak nachos they were so good! $20 and we were able to split them between THREE starving people! They were huge! The rest of our group chose some other things on the menu that were definitely over priced and small but I was thoroughly impressed with my nacho plate so I cannot complain!! They have people handing out 2 for 1 drink cards- take them because their drinks are pricey if you're not there during happy hour. I heard they're happy hour is amazing too!!!
4	The food is good, Kimie (bartender) was great and the location is awesome. You can sit at the bar and look out on the strip and people watch while you enjoy your delicious drinks.
2	I've been here a couple times before and like the environment. There's a downstairs bar as well as upstairs that is completely open so you can see the sky, hanging lights, live music some nights and a nice view of the strip. When I went last night after checking in I got a "buy 1 get 1 free drink" offer. Tried to claim it at the bar upstairs, was sent 4 different places before a bartender finally told me the correct place to go, which was the hostess booth downstairs. I go back upstairs where we were sitting, waited at the bar for 20 minutes. The bartender was busy with everybody else but never acknowledged me so I gave up and we left 5 minutes later.
3	Well, this was my first time in Vegas.   After having many drinks in our suite, my friend and I stumbled down the strip, and this was essentially the closest, not busy, place near our hotel at 10pmWe love Mexican so thought, why the hell not?  Service was alright, but it wasn't really busy.   We both had a Pacifico and entree and it was reasonably priced considering everyone I talked to said Vegas was wayyy overpriced. I had a steak burrito and although the steak was overcooked it was doused in enough sauce to make it enjoyable. The location is pretty cool, and we got to people watch from our table - a Vegas must do.
1	Drinks were ok.  Over priced but good. The chicken soup is horrible.  The worse part is the server told me he knows how terrible the soup is yet they still have it on the menu.  I had to wait for the mgr to finally show up to remove it off our bill.  The mgr wouldn't even attempt to Taste the soup he KNOWS how bad it tastes & said they're not removing it off their menu
1	- Hostile/Rude service. - Loop holes on the specials.- Dirty bathroom.- Bland food. How 'bout spices & salt. - Reservation table non-sense.
4	We did the $20 all you drink beer from 9-midnight. Got there around 10 on a Thursday and it was chill, plenty of open tables (which over look the strip!) only drawbacks are that you can only enjoy that special in the roof patio, and there's only about 5 beers to choose from the best being Pacifico (in my opinion).
2	If you want Chili's quality food for three times the price, this is the place for you. Food is mediocre and far from authentic. Drinks are just ok and as expensive as a quality drink you'd get at Bellagio or Wynn. I wasn't impressed with my food, which I had to drown in salsa so it had some flavor.
4	Excellent service, great prices and their food is awesome.  My wife and I ordered some onion rings, they showed up hot, plentiful and delicious (and cheap - $5).I ordered a pulled pork sandwich that came with chipotle mayo and cole slaw (but I'm allergic to carrots). The waitress told me the cook would make up a batch just for me that had no carrot and the whole thing was AWESOME. It showed up with fries and a pickle and I was very happy. It wasn't terribly busy and it's right on the strip in front of Monte Carlo. I can't wait to go back.
3	Came here to watch one of the best UFC fights in recent memory when Jon "Bones" Jones barely eeked out a decision against Gustafsson.The food was fairly standard. Nothing that stands out. What does stand out about this place is that you're overlooking a main chunk of the strip (one of those great sights I love) from a second floor perspective. Also, a couple of HOT waitresses didn't hurt. Think of it as a slightly elevated Hooters with more menu items and elevated atmosphere (both figuratively and literally).Would I come back here? If it suit my itinerary on my next trip out. I question any Vegas Cantina charging $25 to watch a PPV. But they do have this 20 atomic wing challenge where if you can scarf down 20 of their hottest wings in 20 mins, you end up on their wall of fame. It's precisely the type of perfect challenge to get your slightly drunk friend who loves wings to partake in. And that's definitely worth coming back for.Done.
4	A great dinner sponsored by one of my vendors.  16 of us were placed in the seats by the sidewalk windows....witness to the freaks going up and down the street.  The KISS guy and Superman were on full display.  Only slightly more laughable than some of the tourists.  The waitresses were hot and efficient.  The tequila list was extensive, tasty and expensive.  The chips were hot and fresh, the salsa and guacamole were top nothing, too.  My chicken fajitas were delicious.  I always give an extra star when the meal is free, right.  Everything just tastes better when money is no object.  A great view, decent service, decent meal and lots of eye candy.
3	Very convenient  location , nice decor , good place to watch the Sunday games , decor is nice/ naughty fit for Las Vegas , service staff is nice , however  the food lack authenticity . Thanks to their " diablo hot sauce ".  Without the sauce, the flavor is so so .... This sauce is deadly ! But I like it. The portions are big  and the price is  ok.
4	One of my favorite places to eat in Las Vegas. Great music, great vibe and most importantly great food. Their buffalo wings are some of the best I have ever had and drinks are really affordable too. Overall a great place if you want to catch a game so or simply to dine out.
1	This has been one if the worst experiences of my life.Met friends there 3 hours before Love show; waited 1.5 hours to be seated.After another 1/2 hour we got our orders.I had chicken casedia, $17, when I bit into second piece A LATEX GLOVE CAME OUT AND WAS HANGING FROM MY MOUTH.After throwing up and cleaning up in the bathroom I came back, had some words for the 'manager'; his way of dealing with it was kicking me out, and threatening me with arrest!!!!!!No apology, nothing. STAY AWAY!!!!
3	Out roaming the strip showing some of the sights to a friend tha had never visited Vegas before. Decided we had a taste for Mexican and were a block away from Diablo's. Got seated in less than 5 minutes. Great rooftop type dining patio overlooking the strip, good people watching. Typical Mexican place, chips and salsa etc.. We ordered some margaritas and lunch. Everything was par for the course, nothing that stood out as superb but nothing that stood out as bad either. I would go back for lunch but there are a couple other mexican places on the strip with much better food if I wanted top quality Mexican for dinner(Javier's at Aria is one of them)
2	They did a really great job making cheap, hastily thrown together food become very expensive. An example is$17 for "street tacos" that were below average even for chain restaurants. There are many other restaurants in the immediate area that will provide better food, better service and a better experience for much less money
4	Went here around 10pm. Careful because the kitchen closes at 11. Chips and salsa we're good. The cheese dip app was great! And the steak fajitas were very tasty. Kinda loud atmosphere but the food and service were great. I would go again.
1	Man was I disappointed in Diablo's Cantina. We went on a Thursday afternoon and it was so LOUD you could not even hear the person sitting next to you speak. They had televisions and music blaring at the same time. If you are not into that kind of noise for your dinner experience I would not recommend this place. Our server John was AWFUL. He would only speak to the male in the party and we got as far as order an appetizer. Never really ordered our dinner. The male in our party order a dessert and John asked us nothing just walked away and took our menus. At that point I was fuming. I don't deal well with men who seem to think women should be seen and not heard. We are in 2013 after all right? Our male excused himself from the table to use the restroom and we actually had to yell to get Johns attention as he was walking by us because he was bored in order to get our check. NOT A happy camper about this one and needless to say I will not be back to Diablo's cantina and I will make sure everyone knows of the experience I had there. We did speak to the manager and she gave us a round of drinks on the house (as I told her it was not needed but she felt like she had to do something after Johns obvious display of male chauvinist actions.
4	Good drink specials, excellent chips and salsa.   We sat on the deck on the 2nd floor and had great people watching.   The staff was nice and helpful with seating us.   The dinners were good, not great.  But everything else made up for it.
1	We had a very bad experience here last Saturday.  Our server took 15 mins to greet and take our drink orders.   We decided that we did not want to wait another 15 for shots so we went up to the bar.  Our bartender was also very rude and unwelcoming.  We took the drinks back to our table and was lectured by our waitress for not ordering through her.  I've waited tables for a couple of years and I would never argue with guests.  She made us feel very uncomfortable after the confrontation.   I will never come back here and would never recommend this place.  The food is below average and overpriced, but yeah, these types of businesses are dime a dozen in Las Vegas.  Avoid this place if you can help it.  You work hard for your money, don't hand it over to a business that does not deserve it.
3	Nachos were great! Large kid chicken fingers and fries!  Took advantage of the 2 for 1 beers.  Victoria on tap, yummy.  The nachos were giant, layered with meat and cheese...really tasty.   Great atmosphere too.
1	The food was terrible!!! Expensive disgusting Mexican food. The menu had a $40 burrito! As soon as the food arrived so did the fruit flies. My chicken tacos were drenched with cheddar cheese and a paste I couldn't make out. I think they called it beans or maybe guacamole. Lol. The "Mexican rice" was made with very strong tomato paste. I give it a star because I have to give it something.
1	Do not go here.  My buddies and I went to get a quick bite after the Ohio State/Northwestern game.  We were sat down pretty quickly.  That was it for positive interaction with the staff.  We tried several times to flag down staff to just get drinks and order food.  After waiting for almost 15 minutes, we just walked out. Brutal experience.
4	A diablo's..a hangovers best friend.Is it gourmet Mexican? No, is it classy or even quaint, no? It's a Mexican bar people, get over it1Decent tequila selection. Went here for my birthday and hit the tequila menu up at noon promptly (hey when in vegas) and had some chicken quesadillas, which were large enough to share between two and really surprisingly good. Next day with a vicious hangover I crawled back. With the help of a lovely bartender who recognized my symptoms (or my face from that pricey party the day before) ordered a chicken burrito wet with chipotle sauce. My god that thing was good. I can't blame it on the hangover either because for me, hungover means no food, not In this case . Burrito down and three coronoas later, back to life for more fun in vegas.Of course HAD to pick up some shirts for me and my friends (GOOD GIRLS SWALLOW...the worm) logo...ha! Loved it!Thank you staff at El Diablo for making my time there a memorable one (and a blurry one!)
3	A little down the Boulevard, probably stumbling, was Diablo's Cantina. We were there for the bar only, mind you. Here, we also just sat and talked to the bartender, who seemingly understood the glassy eyed look I had and gave me Jack on the rocks immediately. We sat off to the side because the main bar was way too full for enjoyment, and faced north, but once the soccer game cleared the people out, we turned and people watched while they judged up for judging them. The bartender, again, made us random drinks that he wanted to test out, so aside from the normal beers and Jacks, I have no idea what we drinking. But I loved the atmosphere and the staff behind the bar. That's usually what makes it worth it for me. Although, I don't care much for their closing hours. Too early for Vegas.
2	Ok but not great nacho look good but way too much cheese just making a soggy pile. Drinks are ok pitcher best deal for Vegas too high anywhere else. Good service for waitress Veronica.  Hostess would not get off here phone for service.
4	I got the queso fundido (melted cheese with chorizo, beans, and topped with guacamole) as an appetizer and it was DELICIOUS!!!!! I got the chicken and steak fajitas and they were just a good! The waiter was very polite and attentive to anything we needed.. Great customer service! Definitely would recommend this place to everyone visiting Vegas :)
1	absolutely guaranteed they substituted cheap tequila for a premium shot and then denied it when sent back.  you would have to be a moron, or really crappy bartender, not to know the difference.  someone there is ripping of the public for their own personal gain.  i am sure their attitude is "its Vegas".     BEWARE.
4	Maybe the last time I was here the atmosphere just didn't do it for me.  Also, I was here last time in the not so busy I GUESS time of the year. -This time in 2013, I was here during NBA FINALS weekend and holy shit, this place was busy. It was Game 7, yes that time and my friends and I of course wanted to watch the game not just in a hotel room but in a bar packed with all the excitement from SPURS and Miami Heat fans of course.  The drinks here were on point, had some margaritas that were much better this time also, had plenty of drinks from earlier day drinking so that helped.  The chips and salsa were on the money, SO GOOD. I also had the Veggie Burrito and it was GIGANTIC. I did not think I would be able to finish it all.  Loved that my group and I at least did get a seat among all the crazy fans, was sad though that MIAMI actually ended up winning in Game 7.-Would completely come back here for Food next time I am in Vegas.  Great service considering how packed it was too.
4	I love this place for 2 reasons... their 4 cheese nachos and their 2-for-1 drink special. I can't quite comment on anything else because everytime I go I get the same thing. I did recently have their wings and those were very good. The 4 cheese nachos though are just amazing, at $14 it seems a bit overpriced but you can easily share it and still be full. Everytime I am out in Vegas I try to stop by here just for the nachos!! Everything else on the menu is very overpriced though. Stick to the basics here.
1	MOLDY BREAD!!  Its unfortunate that I'm having to write this review when I truly love their food - its delicious.  However being served a sandwich on moldy bread is completely unacceptable.I ordered the pulled pork sandwich yesterday.  After eating 1/2 of it, I went to pick up the other half and noticed something green on the bottom of the bun.  After smelling it sure enough it was mold.  To me that just shows complete negligence by the kitchen staff.  Immediately after showing it to our waitress the manager came over and apologized and took the sandwich away.  They offered me something else off the menu but at that point me and everyone else at our table were a bit taken back in disgust and feared that if the bread was moldy, what else were they neglecting back there??  After about 10 more minutes of sitting at the table we said we were done and they brought us a check for $60 (talk about insult to injury), which did not include the sandwich.  I'm not about trying to get free stuff but after our entire table was disgusted by what happened losing our appetites, I would think a proper manager should take action, comp the meal and apologize profusely for what happened.  Not the case here.  There was no attempt to do anything further for us or make sure we were okay, so we paid the bill and left without anyone saying anything further.  I initiated a call to the manager 20 minutes after leaving the restaurant.  I felt that it would be more respectful to call the manager in private to express my disappointment rather than make a huge scene and scare off the people who were eating at the time I was.  Not only was I upset about the moldy sandwich and losing my appetite, but also disappointed with the lack of care from their manager and their staff when we left.  Its one thing to have eaten half of the moldy sandwich without knowing, but its an entirely different thing for them to make no additional effort with you whatsoever to resolve the situation until I called them out on it.  I was literally sickened by the entire experience and hope my body is strong enough to fight off any mold issues without calling an abatement company.. by the way, the waitress was very nice and we left her a generous tip.  Food for thought, check out both sides of your sandwich, both the top and the bottom!!!!
2	The theme and decor from outside is what lured us in.  It looked like a killer place!  But once we stepped in, I was not impressed.-$9 for HALF a bowl of guacamole - the other half are chips camouflaged by the top guac.  Come on!-Can't bring in outside drinks?  Every other place would allow it.  We had to toss them before coming in.-Slow service for a strip bar...and it wasn't even crowded! Next time I'll probably just stick with Hardrock or something safer.  Hopefully Diablo's has stepped up their game!
5	Combo nachos are amaaaaaaazing! Definitely recommend. You can just share that with someone & definitely be full. They are HUGE. Also the ultimate quesadilla is delicious :)
4	Omfg diablo hot wing challenge is not a joke, they use ghost chilli extract, warning do not do challenge my tongue, throat, cheek and ears went numb and no I did not finish the 20 wing only ate 15 wing ....
2	Super loud sports bar.   Food prices seemed high until I saw the portions.  Ok flavors.  But with so many better places nearby I have no reason to return.Despite having ample room they poorly accommodated our group of 9 by splitting us up and sitting us at two booths - then adding the group gratuity.
3	I didnt expect much from a restaurant off the strip, but I dont think it was all that bad. There was a long wait, but I, like everyone else in the establishment, was drunk, and it didnt really matter. The bar serving drinks stripside was a nice touch and helped me keep the buzz going that would later result and the Patron bath I took later on in the evening.The service was rather slow, but in its defense it was sickeningly busy. The had a great hot sauce that really kicked the dishes up, but I dont think it came out until someone ordered nanchos or something, I dont remember to much booze.It is very loud, which personally I like.  It is fairly expensive, but being on the strip, you really cant get away from exorbitant prices
1	This place was horrible. The service was the worst part, I'll get to the over priced food in a min. They have a happy hour special from 3pm to 7pm. My boyfriend and I get there and are seated right away (the only positive) and the waitress comes over , she looks pissed off already , and I ask her if there are any drink specials ? She looks at me and saids "yes but they're over at 7" I know it's 6:30 I still have 30 min. Anyways it took her forever to come back with water for the table too! Now the food wasn't horrible but I've also felt that at that point Taco Bell had better food. The chipotle red chilli. Sauce on my burrito was more like buffalo wing sauce! My boyfriends steak was pretty good. Finally done with dinner and the waitress comes back before we've gotten our jackets on .. As if she wanted us out of there ASAP! Honestly not impressed the McDonalds inside the Monte Carlo had better service than this place ! :/
2	I came here with one of my friends who lives in Vegas. We had gotten a free drink ticket or something from someone in the casino/ strip.I didn't even know about this place and it's got an interesting vibe, like a Halloween-themed cantina. In any case, we went in the afternoon and hit the happy hour. Sat at the bar, ordered the appetizer platter and some drinks. Food was ok, nothing really special. The drinks were also just ok. They also have a siren/ flashing light thing going during happy hour and it turns off when it's over, which is pretty nifty to know (then you don't need to bother to ask about happy hour).
3	I really want to love this place, but just can't seem to do it-however it is always our "go to" Mexican restaurant when we can't decide where to go.  Service is always spotty and inconsistent, so I can't get it to a 4 star
1	All looked good until their advertised hours weren't what they say they are.  If you are hungry they stop serving food early so don't go! And they even closed the kitchen 15 minutes before that! Bad customer service.
1	I wish I could give less than one star. Went on UFC fight night and fell for the scam of upstairs fight viewing. They basically want you to stand for 4 to 6 hours fighting to buy food and drinks with a crappy view of the fight. $25 bucks a head! They also want to try to up sell you a $500 or $1000 dollar table or couch. Try to get refund immediately but douche promoter refused. Worst Las Vegas experience ever. :-(
4	Attached to the Monte Carlo,this place has awesome drinks and amazing fajitas! Stopped in for happy hour after endless walking and shopping and left very satisfied! The staff was super friendly and the atmosphere had a good vibe!
2	The service at first was kinda crappy.  I guess they don't open til noon.  We got there at around 11:45 and they made us stand by the door until noon.  Our waitress was nice but not overly friendly.  We had the potato skins for appetizers and they were very good, but the main course lacked flavor in every aspect.  Me and my bf both had the steak burrito and even he said taco bell was better.   For a $54 bill you would think it would be a little better.  I just thank god I had a free meal voucher from playing myvegas.  I will most likely never go back.
5	I love going to Diablos for Happy Hour! I'm a big fan of Mexican food so Diablos is one of my favorite go to Mexican Restaurants. As a local, I'm more of the type of person to stop in for a quick appetizer and a pitcher of beer or two with some of my other nightlife industry friends. The staff has always been extremely accommodating and the atmosphere is perfect for watching sports or just catching up with friends. I highly recommend it... It's one of my favorite bars inside a casino :)
2	I wanted so much to love this place but alas we did not. We went for lunch and the food was so so, a bit pricey even for the strip, and the outside deck wasnt even open. Not bad but not great. 2.5 stars.
2	At Monte Carlo. Wait was kind of long. I had the Chicken Tostada Salad which was big and came in a huge chip bowl. I liked the wonton  tortilla chips. It was okay though. Kind of pricey here.
4	Had a great time here.  The nachos were huge and delicious, they had a good selection of beer, and the margaritas were enormous (when they ask you if you want small or large, consider carefully)!After four of us split the nachos we weren't very hungry, so we ended up splitting two orders of fish tacos amongst three of us; and even that we couldn't finish.  But the tacos were delicious and the seating area (up front) was perfectly pleasant and not overly loud.Will definitely return if I'm in the area.
2	Food was ok, not bad but not amazing. Enchiladas were dry. Portions were small for the price. Salsa was ok. Kinda bland.
4	They spin a wheel every half hour which will tell you what their drink special is! I had $5 margaritas! Yum!
3	We went for happy hour and it was good prices but margaritas tasted like mix only! One of the bartenders was a complete douchebag tho he was arguing with us the the 1800 tequila is Jose Cuervo and told us how wrong we were. Anyways he kinda ruined the experience but it was ok
1	The food here is amazing, BUT they're just way too many people here for the amount of servers they have. First off the receptionist told us our wait was going to be 20 minutes and we waited an hour... AND when we walked in there were about 15 tables completely empty. First she sat us at a bar stool table that had been empty the entire time we waited, when there was booths open. Then it took another 20 minutes for our server to get our drinks ordered. If you're VERY patient then come for the food, but if customer service is your top priority then don't come here.
1	Ate here twice unfortunately ...... We walked it one of the entrances with no help just blank stares.. Told to wait here server will be right with us.....waiting.....we finally walked over to hostess table and told us she can't sit us down until we finish our Fat Tuesday drink....ummmm isn't it Vegas???? Oh well she was a snot.... Sat down and service TOOK FOREVER..... We ordered the special and now we know why it's discounted..small potions microwaved and placed on a plate..it was pathetic. Came in the next day kicking and screaming but just wanted chips and salsa...those for $4 was a better portion than the $10 special. I refuse to come back. Bad food...even worse service....bravo diablo..
4	At first our waiter was rude then she started to open up more, this place is pretty good, we ordered there nachos with chicken and carne Asada they were pretty huge portion, and we also got a carne Asada burrito with a beer and strawberry margarita. We also used the coupon when we checked in with yelp. I would recommend this place to anyone visiting Vegas, just be prepared to pay a lot, it's worth it!
2	The monkey is out. Sucked monkey balls. Loud, overpriced and cheesy food. Beer was warm too, pissed me off. But it's "on the strip, yay, hoorah, so what! I was surrounded by dirty Mexicans as soon as I stepped foot on the strip outside diablos. Pass on the $20 steak tacos. Taco Bell was just as good .
1	avoid this tourist trapmediocre re heated chain restaurant foodannoying Disney esque Mexican decor
4	On my second day in Vegas I already felt like a vampire. Having never left the casino since everything I wanted (food, alcohol, gambling) was right there in that compact space, the sun hit me like a Mack Truck on the freeway. We decided to find a nice bar with some sunlight in order to enjoy the near perfect weather Nevada had to offer in the middle of winter.Diablo's Cantina provided that and more. Homie love Mexican food. They offer you chips and salsa but they don't tell you it isn't free but who cares you're already up a few hundred and you might as well spend it before you hit that hole and lose all your money and the deed to your kids. If you harass some of the non-mexicans out front that have cards for clubs and drink specials you can usually find a 2-for-1 offer for the place. The mexican card slappers all have cards for whores.
1	Diablos BLOWS.... Music way too loud! Staff unhelpful, food quality marginal. Should have been a simple seating, 5:00 pm for 5, restaurant nearly empty. Don't waste your money!!
1	Words cannot express how horrible this was!  We made reservations for 5 because we were going to see the Blue man group. They seated us at a booth that was far to small for our party and when I asked the waiter if we could move and was told to go back to the hostess stand to be reseated!?!?!? Customer service, not!!  Guacamole came, and it looked amazing, till you discover the large amount of chips crushed underneath to make the bowl appear full.  Fail.  The queso chorizo appetizer was nothing more than a smear of beans with some cheese melted on top and microwaved till it was almost inedible.  Kids selections, nothing!!!  Mexican is by far the easiest to do a kids version of, so we had to order the 8yo a 14$ plate of cheese nachos because what kid wants a grilled cheese at a Mexican joint!?!?  Other daughter ordered fajitas.  I wish I could post a pic of the rock hard and crumbly tortillas that were served with it. Waiter knew immediately what was wrong, clearly an ongoing problem.  And the sound....  Wear ear plugs and expect to SHOUT all night.  Horrible food, service ect. Surprised the Monte Carlo would have such an awful place.
2	The bartenders were dicks and douche bags.. Food was good while your drunk and need something in your belly.. This place has gone down.. In the past this was the place.. I guess it ain't no mo!! Way over priced for the weak ass mixed drinks and the food was frozen, microwaved and served..
5	Awesome food and great service the waiter Ollie was amazing and super nice and we never had to ask for a refill for are drinks and food super fast I had the diablo wings and the chicken nachos they were awesome!
3	Cool bar/restaurant on the strip. This is a indoor/outdoor restaurant that is in front of the Monte Carlo and is a great place to stop for drinks or a meal. We ordered the nachos and they could feed an army.  They not only looked yummy, but tasted yummy as well. They handout coupons as you are walking by, make sure your read the fine print, since they are only good for well drinks. We tried to use them when we ordered drinks and when we ordered lunch, but since we didn't order "standard" well drinks, they were not valid. Service is decent and people watching is excellent. Cool eatery on the strip.
2	Another overpriced tourist trap that happens to be on the strip, with a Mexican Decor. The food was the same that you would probably find at your local Chili's or other chain restaurant that happens to sell fajitas. The only good thing about this place would be the salsa. The only reason we went to this place was because the group of friends I went with really wanted to check it out.
1	Bad food below average service. Need to be lit to eat at this place. It will help
3	It was ok.  Served its purpose, food & drink.   Used the check in coupon, easy and worth it.
2	We were looking for a Mexican restaurant on the strip and since this place was next to the Monte Carlo Casino we decided to try it. We had a 10 minute wait which is ok since Vegas is always full of tourists..we get seated to our table....given menus....and we wait......and wait..no water..no acknowledgment..workers just passing by. While we are waiting, we take a look at the menu...and I'm amazed at how over priced it was. Now, don't get me wrong, I don't mind spending good $$ on good food but after seeing other patrons food and getting that odd feeling I get when I know the food is going to be sub par..I realized the only authentic thing in this place is the business name "Diablo"... So..all of this culminated in me and my partner walking out and looking for another Mexican resturant...which we found in Gonzales & Gonzales at New York New York.
2	Drinks were ok, as was service. That's it. Just ok.
1	Closed Circuit event is a rip off definitely not 110 worthy!!! Shitty service they don't let anyone sit on the tables/ couches  but that doesn't matter I get it but at least have some chairs for ppl other than reserved not long tables!! Screens are average size nothing special .. Drinks good. Would I Come again? Hell no. Disappointed.
2	Pricey for mediocre food.  The service our group of 6 had was pretty reasonable.My biggest gripe about this place is that you have to PAY for chips and salsa.  It's not cheap either.  In addition, we got the guacamole.  We were so excited to get a bowl full of guac only to realize the bottom of it was a bunch of crushed chips so that [as our waitress explained] you don't drag your fingers through the guac.  Uh...whatever.All of us ordered burritos.  I got the veggie burrito although I'm not vegetarian.  It was mostly filled with sauteed onions with a bell pepper here and there.  Overall, not the biggest fan of the food.Of course with any restaurant along the strip, it wasn't cheap ($9 for a small burrito).  I will admit the salsa and hot sauce were amazing but such a rip off.  This is a fun place to drink but when you drink you want snacks...so just expect to shell out a pretty penny or 100.  [haha?]
2	The bartender at the walk up bar that faces the Strip was extremely unpleasant.When your co-workers are handing out coupons 10 feet from where you're standing trying to get people to buy a drink, don't give customers attitude when they try to use the coupons!Also, on Cinco de Mayo, don't say "Are you sure you want a margarita because I'm out of mix right now...do you want to order something else?".  Just get the damn margarita mix (since it would be too much to ask to actually make one with real ingredients).The place looks cool but with a sourpuss like that working there, I'd keep walking.
5	I fell in love with Diablo's about 6 years ago and have frequent the place every time I go to Vegas. I try to taste new things each time I go, but I usually cannot stray away from the nachos.  They are fantastic and can feed about 5 people. This time, we were successful in trying new dishes.  I picked the tortilla soup.  It was packed full of stuff that was all amazing.  Extremely cheesy, I slurped up every bit of this soup.  Brian went with an app that they have called the BBQ corn tamale cakes.  The were cute little masa cakes topped full of BBQ pork and rainbows.  That is how I felt it was.  What amazing dish! Well prepared and beautifully presented. An awesome bartender, that I am sure has been there since opening day and a pitcher of citrus mojitos, this afternoon was complete.
4	Very fresh and tasty, had the steak tacos...which I had a bit more to eat cuz it is a bit pricey.  Service was good.
3	I've been here on every vegas visit, the food is consistent and good. The staff are friendly and happy to help. They used to serve the chips and salsa with an array of different salsas, they were more authentic and so tasty, now they seem to serve them with basic bottled salsa you get everywhere else. It's disappointing, but the rest of the food is still good.
2	Close to the worst service I have had anywhere in Vegas. I was here with a large group of people that had come in for a convention. They really love this place and eat here every year on their convention Saturday night break. Our party was a large party - about 20 people. We had a rooftop reservation. They assigned us ONE waitress who claimed she was new. First off: why on earth would you assign ONE person. Second: why on earth would you put a new person on such a large group?Drinks: We ordered a pitcher of house margarita FOUR times. FOUR TIMES!!! We ended up giving up ordering from the waitresses and got up from our seats to order from the bar. In the end, we waited about an hour for the drink I believe. We were never asked for refills, never asked for water, etc. We continued getting up from our seats and walking over to the bar for drinks. Food: The food was actually fine. I had the chicken tostada salad, which was really good. I can't complain about that. When it came time to get the check we were told our check was split up into 4, even though we hadn't requested this. We were fine with that because we understood we were such a large party. The waitress came around to each group of people and had US refresh HER memory on what we had ordered. When she came back with the split bills the orders were all messed up! We ended up grabbing a menu, writing it down and adding it up ourselves with the sales tax and tip. They are lucky we are honest!To those dealing with injuries: there are no bathrooms up stairs. I have a broken knee cap and I had to haul it up and down a flight of stairs. Another annoyance to top off the night. The only redeeming thing about this place was the free live music that started around 10.I honestly hope the managers figure out a better way to manage large parties, because ours was not handled well at all.
3	Best chicken nachos! Make sure you share because the portion is HUGE!So I returned for a 2nd time on our trip since we loved the nachos so much, but the would not let us take our Starbucks in. As you know Starbucks is expensive in Vegas so it was frustrating that we had to toss our drinks. The 2 star is for the no outside drink policy! 4/5 star on the nachos! That's a 3 star now. Bummer! Update ur policy!
4	I love this place! It's always consistent and the service this most recent time on my birthday was no exception! My server was Jazz,, I think short for Jasmine,, she was very professional and attentive, and also drop dead gorgeous. Made my day ! The bald bartender guy who has been there awhile even seemed somewhat chipper which I've never seen. Thanks Diablos!
1	NO!DO NOT - UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES - GO HERE  (zer0 stars)this place reinforces the simulacrum that is las vegas, and does for mexican food what the vegas strip does for reality - presents a fabricated approximation of what should actually be.    by far the worst "Mexican" food I've ever had, and definitely the most expensive. even the margarita was terrible.  mainly i was shocked and appalled by their veggie burrito.  on the menu it was described as including black beans, rice, corn, cheese, and peppers.  this sounded pretty good....but when it showed up the black beans were on the side and the cheese was on top.  i was so hungry that i got hangry and irritated at this.  its like whoever "designed" this burrito never actually ate authentic mexican food - which, given the context, would not surprise me in the slightest.
5	Came into Diablos on a Wednesday afternoon , the food was great and the service was great as well . I sat in arianas section , she recommended alot of good stuff . Had the queso fundido and the chicken fajitas , was delicious . There drinks are also delicious , the green door is awesome!  Happy Hour is from 3 to 7 every day and they have all drafts for $5 , I recommend this bar if you are in the area and if you're not make a date out of it and go down there , it's worth it !
3	Second time here. The first time I believe I tried the nachos. The food is good. It is not authentic but it is very good. The nachos were huge and were shared with 2 other people. The second time I had the grilled fish tacos with chipotle mayo and they were so delicious and spicy especially since I added their very own hot sauce which tasted amazing. I also had a michelada which hit the spot after a wild night out.  The drinks are strong and they have a good happy hour special. I would definitely recommend this place is you're in Las Vegas. They have screens that show whatever sport is on.
1	Guy gave my friend and I wristbands - we declined, he followed us, we declined, he said he'd walk us over and get us a VIP couch and he was really friendly so we said okay fine. We get there, he directs us to a man in a suit that looks like a manager and says we're special customers. Manager acts all friendly and welcoming. We realize the deal is with a wristband you get into the bar without the cover charge IF you buy a drink as soon as you walk in the door. Considering how many bars offered us wristbands to get into clubs that would give us free drinks we weren't super interested but hadn't chosen anywhere else to go so decided to check it out. My friend and I look at the menu outside to see what their selection is and our escort excused himself back to his duties. While we looked at the menu a few people jumped in line where we had been standing. We figured the drinks sounded good so we'd go in. We wait in line for 10 minutes while the bouncer and cashier give what was apparently the slowest service ever. We approached the manager looking guy and asked if we could go in past the line since we were getting sick of waiting. This guy literally looked at us and turned away. I guess once they get you in line you aren't a VIP anymore (or everyone is, so no one is).After that the bouncer looks at our IDs and we get shuffled into the cashier line to wait again, instead of just being allowed to go to the bar since we didn't have to pay the cover if buying drinks (supposedly).They has some good sounding cocktails on the menu, but knowing the drinks would be $13 each and with the continued waiting and obvious waste of time, we left having only just got passed the bouncer. Did I mention this was on a Sunday at like 10? Because it was. When there are infinite choices, Diablo's Cantina, you shouldn't give people the inkling to walk away because your bar doesn't look worth the wait.
3	Food really good.  On the spicy side.  Love this new Quad area!  Although service not good.  Food Came Before drinks, and Server Not Very Friendly or helpful... :(
3	Horrible service. Salsa was great. Combo fajitas were average at best. Queso fundido was amazing.
4	Every time I come to Vegas I'm sure to come here to eat. Is the food 5 star? No, however if you're out and about looking for a place with a great atmosphere for a gathering of friends and reasonable prices on drinks, this is your place. There are plenty of TV's to watch the games and music to get or keep the party going. Be sure to check out the rooftop party thurs-Saturdays. No cover before 10pm and $25 bucks for all you can drink draft beer with live dj's.
4	Tacos here, tacos there, tacos everywhere.You can eat it in every corner but its hard to get tired of it. Diablo brings a pretty standard set up menu combined with a jolly atmosphere. Go with a Margarita pitcher and Sizzling fajitas if you want to go my way, but i doubt  the food will dissapoint you. Can be crowded reg. eating hours, but you can always stick around for a drink in the bar while waiting.It is the perfect spot to start off the night with a couple of drinks and some tacos. I go here everytime i visit vegas, and im yet to be dissapointed about the place.If you wanna get tipsy while eating tacos, this is the place for you!
2	We got free wrist bands and went 6/14/14. We started upstairs, which over looks the strip, directly across is Hard Rock Cafe. A friend bought "bottomless draft" for $25 - good until midnight. I asked the bar tender if there was a signature drink - looking for some fun recommendations but he pretty much just gave me their drink menu. (lost a star and a half - maybe 2 right there) Another friend ordered a bloody mary but didn't care for it so much as it was on the spicy side for her. I ordered "splash of sunshine" (or something sunshine) which pretty much just tasted like a screwdriver - although, I have had better tasting screwdrivers. The live band was good. We were going to head out after the live bands sesh at 12am, but as we were downstairs the music and dance floor was thriving so we stayed and danced another hour. Didn't order any food while there. Nothing at all to write home about - wouldn't make it a destination. If there had been a cover charge I would have taken away the second star.
2	Horrible. Horrible Service. Waiter never came by to check in on us and he forgot our chips and salsa plus a kids menu. Everyone was done with their meals and we still had no chicken tenders. Our food was mediocre and cold. The only thing I enjoyed was the grilled corn on the Cobb. Overall experience was horrible and I would recommend to go elsewhere.
1	The service is so horrendous it's laughable. The food is mediocre at best. Came in with a party of 7. The place was busy, but not insane. I ordered a skinny margarita. Not bad. After I got my drink I had decent expectations. Table got guac and chips. Not very good albeit expensive. My chicken quesadilla was greasy and tasted like canned chicken. My boyfriend got fish tacos, and they were a little better, but bland. Our server was basically non-existent. My friend had to ask three different ppl for a lemon for her water. The food runner brought her some, after a ridiculous wait for our food. We would have ordered more cocktails, however we didn't get the opportunity to. Don't even bother. This is Vegas. There are much better restaurants. My wallet hurts from the price gouge.
4	We have had drinks and good here twice since our stay in Vegas and it didn't let us down either time. The first time we shared the chicken and steak nachos which was huge and delicious and we couldn't even finish the plate together!! The second time we had the tortilla chips and salsa and mild chicken wings, both so good and not over filling which is great when accompanied by beer. Not expensive and good size servings.Be sure to get the tickets from the girl out the front though for the buy one get one free drinks as it works out cheaper than happy hour. We had great service both time and very friendly staff.
4	Love the street tacos and sinful vixen cocktail. It's a Lil pricey but nice atmosphere and good location. I always come here when I visit vegas. The service is good I usually get Janet cuz she is pretty good with recommendations on food and drinks and always tells us what the hot spots are.
1	Worst calamari I ever  had, the carne asada had no flavor.  For being right on the vegas strip I would expect better quality than this place I'm sure the drinks and atmosphere is great but food can't say the same
5	I stayed at the Monte Carlo this past weekend and knew it must be a sign from a higher being that it had a mexican eatery attached to it.  My boyfriend and I went to Diablo's the first day of our vacation.  We were seated quickly and our waitress was super-sweet and attentive.  She gave us her recommendations on the best margaritas they served and also let us know that most of their entrees are HUGE and meant for 2 people.  I ordered the large Dark Devil Cadillac marg and it was insanely gigantic but also strong and good.  For starters we got the guac and chips.  It tasted fresh and the chips were good.  For our meal we ordered the combo nachos, holy sh!t. They give you literally a mound of nachos that are delicious and quite filling.  I was in mexican food heaven.  Our bill was about $90 bucks, but that was to be expected - especially with the size of our monstrous drinks.  Eating in Vegas isn't cheap, but if you find the right restaurant it is worth it.  We went back to eat here one more time before we left and had the combo fajitas (they aren't meant for 2 but it's enough meat/sides for 2), and they were really good, as well.  I see in the other reviews about the service being crappy but we definitely didn't experience that!  Can't wait to go back to Vegas, AND Diablos!
5	We were visiting Las Vegas and got tickets to the Blue Man Group, stopped here to get a little appetizer before the show.  Excellent atmosphere, very friendly staff.  Ordered the Combo Nacho's and they are AMAZING!  Stacked with stuff and it was quite prompt, especially considering how busy it was while we were there.A+
3	Loved the food!!! Excellent!!! However don't sit in the bar, you may get Theresa as your server.   She was horrible; checked her make-up more than she checked on her tables.  My husband and I went to Las Vegas to get married and have our honeymoon.  She put a huge damper on our happiness.  It took fifteen minutes to get a pop and a warm beer.  I was in the industry for twenty years, and service like this was never tolerated.  Go there for the food, but please sit in the dining room.
1	This place sucks... My bf and i were kicked out by cops.... If u think we deserved it I WISH! it was so wack as FUCK!!!! Spent $100 on drinks and seriously got kicked out for dancing w my bf of 7 yrs....
4	It was a great place to see the night life on the strip. It was loud and a party atmosphere with all kinds of people celebrating different things. The corn appy was unique and tasty and my fajita's came with a lettuce wrap option that I really liked. Great food and I would recommend it!
1	They need to seriously think about hiring some new security guards. Some of them are just searching for stupid reasons to kick people out. They take their job way too serious and rely on the ridiculous amount of cops posted there to do the dirty work because they're some bitch made dudes. Rent-a-cop types. Im sure im not the first person to have a negative run in with the security there.
4	Food was really good and our server was fine. I deducted a star for the temperature of the restaurant.  it was really, really warm inside. 107 outside and they had their doors open with fans running.
1	We just are here tonight for my husband's birthday and I was so disappointed with the whole experience. I was told by friends that is was such a cool and fun place with great food. It was so loud I could not even have a conversation with my husband. I had to send my food back because it was cooled wrong. We waited over 20 minutes for my new food plate and by then my husband was done eating. We had to pay for chips and salsa from a Mexican place how lame is that when the drinks are already $13 for a margarita! I will not go back here again as it was a waste of money and I actually got really sick from the food. Not a way to spend the 4th or my hubby's birthday. I wish I could get a refund since I did not even eat much of my 2nd plate of food. What a waste!
3	Went here to watch a world cup game during my stay in Vegas.  Through friends, I was told this is a fun place and that I had to go at least once. ..well yeah my one visit will be the only time I go.Walked in with my boyfriend,  hostess takes us to a table near the back in a corner, with an obstructed view of the soccer game on tv...so we ask if we can sit at one of the other empty tables closer to the tv.  Waitress ignores our request so I went to the other hostess who said would have a table cleaned up so we could sit....10 mins later the table is clear.We ordered a pitcher of the mangorita...it tasted like watered down mango juice!! I was so grossed out with it.  Had to switch over to beer since I didn't want to risk getting another watered down overpriced drink.  Didn't order any food, but if it's anything like their drinks then I sure didn't miss out on anything..
4	Great Buffalo wings mild is similar to franks red hot sauce wings! The bartenders were sharp and asking every so many minutes was everything good! Great service looking around at other food the portions were like my wings very big!
2	Don't waste your time or money here. 30 dollars for a Chupacabra and margarita on the rocks. Both were highly disappointing. We expected more from the Chupacabra, especially since it was featured on the tv in our upstairs hotel room. We took my margarita back and they upgraded to a Cadillac. Better, but still not great. Another member of the group ordered a blended margarita and was equally disappointed. Food was so so, and disappointing you had to pay for chips and salsa. Employees were nice, but try elsewhere for your money.
3	I've visited this spot a few times that I've been in Vegas. It's in a really great location right on the strip, and there's convenient parking around it. For what it offers, it's not a bad spot to grab a drink, socialize, and people watch!Right off the bat, this place draws you in, as it looks great, and very inviting from the street. It has several levels, and on nice days, the front is opened to the strip. When you walk in, the interior design and decoration is impressive, and the lighting is just right.The service I've received here is OK. Nothing special, but I don't think that's their focus. This place gets very busy, and they're concerned with getting people through quickly and efficiently. I haven't had a bad experience with this, though.The food, to me, is good. I always get the fajitas with lettuce roll-ups instead of tortillas. I like the presentation and the sides they serve with it. I haven't experienced a bad meal here. It's nothing incredible or creative, but it is a good, solid meal. The price is pretty high for this kind of place. You're paying for their high overhead, and the drinks are also very pricey. It is Vegas, however...and you're going to have to pay to play!Not bad, overall. I would go back here again, but I wouldn't bring a date here for dinner. It's the kind of place you stop with your buddies to have a few drinks and a meal before you continue with your day. 3.5 / 5 stars
4	Overall great atmosphere with decent food though the waitress was horrible! It seemed like we were annoying her more than anything just asking for a glass of water. We barely saw her the entire meal and had to ask random people walking by for items we needed. Had the chicken fajitas which were pretty good, nice size portion. Probably wouldn't return based on the poor service!
4	Our waitress Tracy was very patient and kind. Despite the overpriced food and loud music she was so sweet. I didn't like my margarita she suggested the sinful vixen much better.  She helped us find a nightclub to go to after dinner and it turned out to be super fun. I'd recommend sitting in her section. Also try the nachos they are amazing
3	The reason I'm giving it three stars is because the place had no AC. The food was good though. I would recommend what I got which was the pulled chicken burrito.
4	The food was pretty good, the potato strips were a little thin. The drinks were good also. I will return next time I'm in Vegas.
4	This place is pretty cool. Their drinks are (for Vegas) reasonably priced, they have good food and it's a loud and rowdy atmosphere. The place is well decorated-they've got cool multicolored string lights that change colors around the bar area and good lighting/ decorations throughout the restaurant. Their guacamole is tasty--although a bit deceiving because it's served in this goblet that makes it look like there's a ton in there. Then, when you innocently try to dig to the bottom of the bowl, BAM you hit another layer of chips. Lies. They're expensive (it's Vegas, duh), but if you go and just order a few drinks and appetizers, it's pretty rad cuz you can just post up and people watch. Kinda great.
4	Friendly staff.  Although I had only a couple beers and chips/salsa, I had a great time.  Very good to take a break from the Vegas heat during the day.  Evenings are fun when I've stopped in the past.  Will definitely stop by again!  Look for 2for1 drink coupons and other deals!  Great location too!
3	Now we're talking. This place RULES! It's no secret that we love us some Mexican food and this place might even have some. To be honest we don't come here for the food. Diablo's has a great happy hour and and amazing vibe. Happy hour runs 3-7pm like most places but unlike most places,  Daiblo's has "The Wheel of Sin". The wheel of sin is just that, a big spin-able wheel with different happy hour specials: $5 Jose Shots, $7 patron shots, $5 margaritas, Etc. They spin the wheel every thirty minutes which makes for some good times. Say it's on $5 Jack shots and they're about to spin, we might order two more, just in case we don't like what come up next... Only in Vegas do we gamble on our booze. The chips and salsa are good but they do charge for 'em. The fajitas are also very good but $18 is crazy steep, in fact we only get them bacause we can split them. We don't come to Diablo's for the food or even the drinks, we come for the atmosphere. Diablo's is two stories, out in front of Monte Carlo. When you come in from the casino, you enter down a long dark hallway to the main restaurant. The down stairs has very little in the way of walls and feels like one big patio on The Strip. The upper level (where the bands play Thursday-Sunday) has it's own bar and is all out side. It feel like (and is) a roof top bar looking down on The Strip. We'll be there within the next few days because we don't go many days without stopping in to Diablo's
3	I recommend the fish tacos! First time here. I would come back to try other items. Pretty good beer selection and good service.
4	Friendly staff, great nachos and interesting drinks make this place a winner. Went on a weekday afternoon and it was almost empty. Tried to go back on Saturday night and I couldn't even get inside it was so packed, that's why it gets 4 stars. I walked to the next place and no problem getting a seat. Watch the people trying the hot wing challenge, hilarious!
4	Steak Nachos were great! They were $18, but enough to feed 3 people easily. The salsa was very good as well.
1	$14.95 for a beer mid-day?  Rip off even by Strip standards.Many other better options; pursue them.
1	Very limited menu and very dirty.   Guacamole was good, but the fajitas were average.  The doors to the strip were open, but the AC couldn't keep up.  Wait staff was indifferent.   Would not recommend.
3	Great looking place, but way over priced. They even charge you for chips and salsa. The food was OK, nothing to write home about. I guess I should have expected this for Las Vegas tourist trap restaurant. Although the taste of the food was mediocre  the service was good. The food came out very approximately 3 minutes after we ordered it. So quickly in fact I guessing the plates where pre-made and then microwaved, but I can't confirm that. Diablo cantina was a total bust. They will never get another dine from me.
4	Definitely a Fan of this place! Came here Saturday night. Saw a gentleman out on the strip giving out wristbands for free admission. We were across the street from the place. The line was Long. We definitely did not want to stand in line after trying to get into Hakkasan at the MGM. I told the guy we will go to Diablo if we don't have to stay in line. He said he will get us in just have to ask his manager. He got us in no waiting in line. Super cool! There was people still eating downstairs. We made our way up to the roof top. There as a live band. Can i say they were awesome! We danced to all the songs they performed to. Then they had to go. Told everyone there will be a Dj downstairs. We went downstairs took off our high heels and hid under one of the Reserved booths. hehehe We danced the night away. Crowd was very diverse and music was great. I hate techno music this place know what to play to get the crowd dancing. A lot of hip hop!!
1	We usually go to Diablos many times a year and recommend it to friends and family and usually treat our guests here.. This time was a horrible experience! $30 plus tax and grat for two margaritas and from the first sip, the margarita was totally watered down.  No flavor of margarita mix nor tequila. Very disappointing. They were busy, but still service was the worst we have ever had there.  Too bad as it was a favorite... Tried to contact a manager, but no luck. Very disappointed. Won't be returning and will spread word  our bad experience.
5	Ok we flew into Las Vegas after work on a Sunday so as not to miss a minute of our vacation.  After checking into the Monte Carlo we were starving and headed to Diablos located inside the Monte Carlo.  The restaurant has an open patio that faces Las Vegas Blvd.  We sat at the bar looking out at the illuminated and famous Strip.  Our bartender was super friendly.  Since we were hungry we wanted to start with the chicken nachos and then later get some fajitas .  The bartender suggested we see how we are after we had the nachos . I wish I could have taken a picture of these nachos as some people do, but I have the 4s and the pictures always look grainy . Nevertheless, these nachos were so delicious , full of cheese and easily made the two of us stuffed and satisfied.  We came back two more times during our 4 day stay and every time had excellent service and great food !
3	Well the manager called after my last reveiw and asked us to give another try. This time was MUCH better all around,  we received the service and quality we are used to having here at Diablos! Thank you for caring about your customers! ! We will be back!
1	This place is a rip-off.  $20 for your first drink when you get a free entrance pass.  Might not have mind it as much if I could have ordered what I wanted, but instate you get a cheat drink.  Don't forget you need to wait in line for 20min to get in a empty club.
3	So don't believe the guys in the street who give you the bracelet and tell you it's a free admission bracket you still have to pay but you get a free drink which isn't bad. They play good music. Two fights did break out with the first hour we were there though.
2	This place is not worth paying for, especially during Labor Day Weekend.  They charged $30 for guys and $20 for ladies.  We should've left to gamble, for real!  My friends and I went into the bar and just hung out on the dance floor and danced the night away, kind of.  My friend got so wasted she started letting the things out she inhaled ahaha.  Funny thing was no one saw her let it all out!  Either that or they didn't care.  It was hilarious.  We just kept going on the floor, and I got approached by some guys.  Sorry guys, I don't dance with strangers, whether you're cute or not.If the place was cheaper entry, I'd give this place a maybe a 3 star.  Crowd were whatever looking people that night, too.Fun times everywhere we go...
5	Had the best experience ever!!  Don't know if it was because of the awesome food or the amazing bartender Tony!!!  Chips and Guac are a must and the Three Street Tacos were delicious!!  Came in just for dinner and ended up staying till past 1am.  Great location to just stop and eat or stay and party all night.
1	The dumbest servers ever!!!! They took 45 minutes to bring us our bill. The customer service is horrific. And the food is awful and microwaved.. Oh why the F! Do I have to pay for chips I didn't order?!?!?!?!?
1	My business associates and I just returned from working at a convention in Las Vegas at the Mandalay Bay resort, and decided to go to a Mexican restaurant this past Friday evening at around 7:30 PM.We decided to go to Diablo's Cantina since we've eaten there before and remembered our last experience there as being relatively pleasant.This time we were promptly seated at a table, and were each handed menus.The sound system was playing music at such a high volume level that we couldn't speak to one another without yelling very loudly (not to mention that the sound system was terrible, and the music was also highly distorted).  After sitting in this situation for approximately seven minutes, we decided that this was unbearable and left for a different restaurant (Gonzalez Y Gonzalez) which is located inside the New York, New York casino.Gonzalez Y Gonzalez turned out to be quite good, reasonably quiet, and exactly what we were hoping for.  We've been to Las Vegas approximately ten times within the past five years, and we will likely never return to Diablo's Cantina.
3	It took me a while to decide whether to give Diablo's 2 or 3 stars.  I decided to go with three since most decent places in Vegas are expensive and at least Diablo's had very yummy food and generous portions.However, this was the worst service I have ever experienced anywhere...ever.  Our server, on the rare occasion she stopped by, was straight-up rude.  She was so rude it seemed like it had to be intentional- she even got frustrated with my friend just because she wanted fresh cheese on her nachos instead of both fresh and creamy/processed cheese.  The waitress sighed loudly and said in an irritated voice, "It's NOT going to taste the same" and shook her head when my friend explained that she's never liked that kind of "fake" cheese.  She also grumpily said, "Well, what do you want?" when she came to take our order.  No hello, no eye contact, nothing.It also took at least 30 minutes for our orders to be taken even though the restaurant wasn't very busy, another 90+ minutes before our food showed up, and another 30+ minutes to get the check.  What was supposed to be a quick bite to eat for 5 of us turned into a 3-hour ordeal.1 star for service5 stars for food2.5 stars for value
1	The worst service ever sitting in our table for more then 20 min with no one to approach us to take or drink order and when asked to speak to a manager rude as well not even an apology and pretty much told us it was busy since they have two floors and we could wait never returning
3	We arrived in Vegas and were stating at a nearby Hotel. We wanted some Mexican food and stopped by here. They were playing the football games on every tv. It was loud but the games were good. We don't drink so we ate the food. It was good for America style Mexican food. The tacos were tasty but defiantly not authentic. My wife had the taquitos they were not the best but eatable. Had a good time the service was good and staff was friendly. Probably will try agin if ordering something other than Mexican.
3	Although the server Carlos was extremely polite and friendly, his service left much to desire.  He got 2 of our 4 orders incorrect.  The food was just okay.  Lot's of better places to have a Mexican food dinner in Vegas.
3	Average restaurant. I drive by time to time and it always seems busy so I decided to give it a try. I came here on a Tuesday to try their happy our specials. $5 draft beers and well drinks. Plus discounted appetizers. Restaurant seemed clean and service was ok. The food wasn't anything spectacular and reminded me of Chili's menu. Main thing I didn't like was the room tempture beer mugs. I wished they kept the glasses chilled.
5	This cantina is located directly on the strip and is super easy to access. It is located around other bars (Double Barrel Roadhouse being directly across from it) making this as a bar hop spot. On the street employees were giving out two-for-one deals on drinks, which in the end only saves you $1.00 on two beers since they cannot give you the happy hour price on the beers too. When I checked in using my yelp app on my phone I was granted yet another two-for-one deal that I was able to gather from the host and hand to the couple next to us since my boyfriend and I already had one each and that is the mx coupons allowed (one per person). The beer is the usually imported and drafts--no glass bottles I believe? Also I learned here that there is a new rule in Vegas, that you are no longer allowed to carry glass bottles on the strip--all beer has to be placed inside a plastic cup. I think this new law is great since the first night we got here, my boyfriend and I saw what looked like a drunk or delusional homeless man throwing/chucking glass bottles at cars on the highway. Scary! Anyways... the bartenders here are very nice and super attentive. We had two beers each and shared an order of nachos that were absolutely massive and delicious!
3	Nice restaurant nothing but nothing that special. We went for lunch and I share a okay burger with my friend. We also ordered potato skins with bacon and onions and that was really good . Over all it was really pricey for what it was . I probably wont go back.
5	Considering its location and clientele this place gets 5 stars.  The street taco, which was Pork El Pastor that evening, was as good or better as any that I could have gotten in the mission in San Francisco.  The Sopes appetizer was a surprising treat.  Only complaint is that it is a bit loud, but that's a minor complaint considering that it is Vegas
5	Nachos are absolutely ridiculously large. 5 people could share them for lunch. They are very good. Get the chicken and beef then add jalepenos. Mmmm mmm good. My mouth is watering just writing this review. Get the 2 foe 1 drink special too. Cause lets face it who has just one drink, especially in vegas?!?! They will also sell u a drink to go. Gotta love vegas.
2	Went there for my boss's birthday.  We had fun, but purely for the company. We started off at the bar. Bartender was great and attentive even though it was pretty busy. Went downhill from there. Our waitress was flat out rude and not friendly at all. She never came by to see how we were. I ordered the fish tacos. Fish was dried out and almost leathery. My friend  felt bad my dinner sucked and offered me some of her quesadilla so I asked if it was good and she said it was meh so I passed.  Although I will say I had a bite of someone's green pork enchilada and it rocked. Chocolate cake came for the birthday boy and it was flavorless. I have a bit of a sweet tooth and I didn't bother to go for a second bite. This place is busy just because of its location on the strip. However, as a local I will not be going back. Too many great places both on and off the strip to deal with crappy overpriced food with even worse service.
1	If you wanna have honestly the WORST wannabe Mexican food in sin city , well go to Diablos !!! Taco Bell food is gourmet compared to this crap ...  I went during happy hour & there's no happy hour food just horrible tasting non discounted margaritas . I ordered a pitcher of mango margaritas & from where I was sitting I saw it being prepared from canned kerns nectar & house tequila instead of the premium tequila from the menu . The nachos were sooo soggy I thought I was eating 2 hour left over nachos from a gas station and the taco platter I orders were beyond tasteless .... I would so not recommend this to anyone unless u don't care but to get drunk on cheap liquor , bad food & HORRIBLE customer service
2	Went with a group.  We all had the lunch "special."  This consisted of a chicken taco, cheese enchilada, and rice.Girlfriends bite of chicken taco was a big bite of gristle.  Chicken was off looking in all the tacos and tasted poor.  Cheese enchilada was also of low quality.  Cheese in the center not even fully melted.  Had the guacamole appetizer and it was ok.  Nothing special, but not outright bad.Service was so so.Bumped up to two stars since restaurant recognized the food was awful and did not charge for the barely eaten lunch specials.  Advice:  Avoid this place if looking to eat.
3	we didn't eat any food, but the drinks were great. they start handing out wristbands but they get you by saying it's a discount so cover is $10 and 1 drink is free. the ambiance is so so. too much hip hop playing for my taste.
2	We had to wait around 20 minutes for a table in the bar area which was no big deal.  The hostess says, "We have a reservation here in about an hour and a half.  Do you think you could be out of here by then?"  My first mistake was to reply yes.  It made me and my guests feel like we were just another party to be moved along as quickly as possible.  I let it go and we sat to enjoy the nice evening.  After about 20 minutes I was getting upset that a waiter/waitress hadn't even said anything to us, especially since they were trying to "move us along".  I had to go up to the hostess and let her know that no one had even acknowledged us.  Finally the waitress came over and took our order.  The rest of the meal wasn't much better as the waitress rarely checked on us and took forever to bring our pitcher of margaritas.  We ordered the chicken nachos to share and they didn't come with much chicken.  Most of the plate was chips.  These nachos are $17 so I would expect that there would be more cheese and chicken.Overall it was a really bad dinner experience, I will not be returning.  On a positive note, at least Vegas has plenty of other places to dine.
2	Typical crappy tourist-town service with only slightly above average tourist-town quality.I came for a late Monday lunch and was hoping to grab a patio table and do some people watching on the sidewalk. The cafe tables near the door didn't have waitress service and are right under some needlessly loud speakers. There were a handfull of tables in the enclosed patio area that just needed to be cleared. I waited a good 10 minutes for the tables to be cleared on a day that wasn't that busy. The only person cleaning tables was a super skinny waitress who clearly loathed the idea of clearing tables. Watching her apathy was one of the only highlights of the afternoon. The hostess was unapologetic. Eventually I asked her if the restaurant had busboys today. Her answer was  apathetic, too.So I took one of the only open seats at the bar with my back to the street, and ordered. The food was only slightly better than the food you'll get at the average "ethnic" restaurant in a tourist town. The rice was surprisingly and confusingly garlic-ey. The beef burrito was meh, and tasted a little bit like freezer burn. It was shredded beef, not "steak " like the menu says. The Cadalic margarita was average. $18 for the burrito. $15 for the margarita. Why do I put up with this on-strip wallet abuse?The pretty and pierced bartender was friendly and helpful, but I got the feeling it was due to her own good personality, not training or expectations of the restaurant. Overall feeling: Pay (and save) $10 for a cab and use Yelp to find a Mexican restaurant elsewhere that cares about quality and service. And I hope the bartender finds a place that deserves her.
5	cool little spot if your staying at the Monte Carlo. Good drinks, and the bartender was awesome! he gave us the inside scoop of where to go and really see the vegas action!
3	This would of been a 4 star checking in but the only thing that bug me is that they didn't validated the coupon offer management stated it was only during a meal purchase when the coupon only stated buy one drink get one free and nothing about dinner
5	I am very picky with restos but with our original flight cancelled, I had to give up my reservations at Mon Ami Gabi. So the hubby and I walked the strip hunting down a place to grab some grub. We decided to check this place out. Typical Vegas resto, loud BUT the gal was gracious enough to ask us if we want to be seated at the back. Adam was our server and he was a gem. We are easy diners, got the staples, guac with chips (in love with avocados) and split the fajitas. Food was good, the mango margarita was yummy but our server made a difference between as so-so dinner to an enjoyable one!
4	Food was great...prices were good...for the strip as well! The DJ last night was not great at all, however passing by on other nights the music was much better! Server, Mark, was nice and checked in several times throughout dinner! I would go back!
5	Great spot for happy hour! Reasonably priced beer and decent appetizers! Will return again. Great friendly service.
4	Great place to have a party we had our company party here up on the balcony it is a great view. good place to drink, the food was pretty good to. They catered the party for us and there was plenty of it.  its a good energy place for sure.
4	On our final day we decided to grab lunch here before heading to the airport. We were staying at the Monte Carlo so it was convenient and they had a nice open air view off of the bar where we could take in the last bit of time we had in Vegas.If your table is going to have 3 margarita's then opt for the pitcher for the same price of what those 3 margarita's will cost...the pitcher produces about 5 full margarita's. Great value compared to the high prices we had been paying all over the strip during our trip. We started with chips and salsa which was ok. The salsa had a good flavor, the chips weren't homemade but not terrible.I ordered the Mexicali combo and my husband the stuffed quesadilla. They were both very good, served fresh and hot. Will definitely come back and if you're staying at the Monte Carlo and want a place to sit and have a drink while people watching with a view of the strip this is a MUCH better choice than their other strip view restaurant called Double Barrel.
4	Vegas vacation wouldn't be complete without 2 for 1 Margaritas, pulled chicken tacos and Fajitas! The service was so quick and amazing at this place. Walked right in got a table and had drinks in my hand in less than 5 minutes. Try the chips and salsa. Fresh salsa is really good. The fajitas come out sizzling, hot and fast.  The pulled chicken tacos are good and you can even get substitute one chicken and get a steak. They come 3 to a plate. The rice that comes with them is really good. The best part about this place... Couldn't finish my second Margarita  and they gave me a cup to go... Hello! Now that's what I call service. Try this place out. You will enjoy it. Nice vibe if your looking for somewhere that's not quiet and just a turned up atmosphere.
2	Went there for dinner.  Our waiter was slower than molasses.  Took him 20 minutes to come to table.  Another 20 to bring a drink, we were parched by then.  We ordered nachos remembering from past experiences.  They have changed them, different cook?  Not good,  over this place won't b back in future trips......
4	I've been here twice and ordered the super epic steak burrito everytime! Burrito is excellent and is filled to the max. Service was great, didn't wait long and server was great. All in all I feel it's a nice spot to hang out in when walking on the strip.
1	We stopped for dinner the other night - I had some qualms due to the exceptionally loud music. The hostess promptly seated us and said somebody would be right with us. That was the last employee we saw. During the next 15 minutes that we waited, I determined that they must be saving money on their electricity bill by keeping the lights turned off. Seriously, we could barely read the menu due to the very dim lighting. I nearly fell out of my chair when I saw that a cheese quesadilla was $14 and a bean and cheese burrito was $13. I was beginning to worry I was going to need to take out a loan to pay our bill.I didn't need to worry though, because after waiting 15 minutes for somebody (anybody? Hello?) to come to our table, we gave up and went elsewhere. I guess a Tuesday night at 8PM wasn't a good time to try them out.
5	My new spot to eat and drink while in Vegas!  Came in on a Friday for a late eat and ordered the combo nachos...delicious! Great choice for a good eat before hitting the strip. The casa margarita was good as well...nothing special about it but a good drink.   We stayed there for the night for some dancing and drinking. Our big group had a great time and the music was good. Combo nachos...great Casa cocktail...okay Chupacabra...spicy and great Sexy vixen...really good..everyone enjoyed this drink the most. Will be back!
1	I don't particularly go for these themed places, but it looked inviting. Beyond the cover was another story. There was approximately 20 people occupying 4 tables and about half a dozen people at the bar. So when we sat down I kind of expected to be greeted quickly. That didn't happen, what did was kind of odd. Grabbed our seats and looked around for our server, what we saw were 2 bartenders 1 barback  and the manager all standing at the bar next to us and over the 10 minutes our waitress whom walked by twice to serve the table behind us never said hello, none of them did. What we received were some mean mugs when we glanced in their direction as if we should have went somewhere else. The manager was the best, I made eye contact with this large buffoon several times and he didn't budge. I was sure it was because he would break out in a sweat if he had to stop holding up the bar. They however were all in uniform though....sleeve tattoos. Every employee at this restaurant had a sleeve tattoo, I guess it's a requirement to work there or something. Don't get me wrong I have nothing against tattoos, a sleeve or not I don't care. What I care about is the "I'm a tough guy" attitude that is issued with it, and seems like they can't be courteous enough to walked their tattooed ass over to us and ask us if we need a drink!  Finally our server stopped and took our order, which mine was the chicken fajitas. When it came out it oddly looked like steak fajitas.....didn't want to rock the boat especially since it was a food runner that gave it to us not our waitress. She however did come by with another waitress to let us know that she would be taking over for her. So that was the last time I saw our "new" waitress until it was time to pay the bill. The best part was they were all standing over at the server station yacking it up, even our waitress who was supposedly leaving. No one there seemed to a have a sense of urgency or ability to understand what customer service means. I guess this place is making so much money that they just flat out don't give a s...
1	Over priced & bartenders who act like they are doing you a favor! Here for happy hour and ordered a beer at 3:05pm, the bartender asked for credit card, swiped the card at 3:07pm and charged us full price ($9.73 per DRAFT beer) . Absolutely no interest in eating here if they are this cheap on their happy hour, who knows what other shortcuts they take in the kitchen to make more $$.
3	Visited on a Thursday night in November.  We got a table in the bar.  Tacos and margaritas were very good.   They charge for chips and salsa, which is pretty weak.  Only complaint is that service was a little slow given that the place was not that crowded.  Diablo's was just OK for our dinner.  I'm sure it would be more fun on a busy summer weekend.
5	Disclaimer: this is only for the bar area and drinksCame here during the early evening hours before our dinner reservations elsewhere. Seated at the bar we ordered beers and margaritas. Service didn't not disappoint and the drinks were great. The margaritas may be on the pricier side but you get what you pay for. Quality then you don't need quantity! We'd return for drinks next time we are in the area.
5	Good time, really good food.  Nice view of the strip.
3	Food was good, portions were huge. This place was actually a lot better than I expected it to be! For being a big touristy restaurant on the strip, the food was pretty tasty. After reading other yelp reviews, I expected bad service but with our group of 7, we had some of the best service I've ever received at a restaurant. Our server, Mika was AWESOME!Overall, if you are on the strip and looking for some cantina food, this is a good option. It is certainly overpriced, but considering the location most places are going to be. It is also a good place to watch some games because there are plenty of TVs all around the restaurant.
4	3.5 rating.Right on the strip, easy access. We went for lunch but you could tell this is probably a great party spot just by the setup/layout. Food was decent, HUGE servings on a lot of things! Tons of places to eat in Vegas but couldn't go wrong here based on our lunch.
1	I would give zero if possible. No customer service  . Rice was under cooked. Bar server were unfreindly.only thing was good was waitres.  She was cheerful . Ate at 8.30 pm on 23rd.
1	If I could give this place 0 stars I would. We were encouraged by a promoter to enter with the promise of open until 4am. Thirty minutes later at 1:30 they close and kick us out. When I brought it up they basically told me to screw myself because they are never open until 4am. Really pathetic customer service and and sh*tty management. Save your money and go elsewhere. This place is pathetic.
2	Spent New Years Eve.  Paid $500 for a table with min $500 in drinks. But no food was served.  Kitchen was closed.  Note that's a lot of drunk people with no food
2	I came to Vegas for my 30th birthday & NYE. As most people we are on a budget &the couple my husband & I went with we all 4 saved a year so we could pay for entire trip without debt. So it took us a few weeks after researching to decide where to go. We decided on Diablo's because of the price & what it included for that price & it was in our hotel in case it was cold , rained , snowed we were going to be ok . We purchased a VIP table for 4. The person who helped us on phone who worked there NOT reservation line bc we wanted accurate info we called restruant prior to booking & the lady who helped us when picking up our tickets prior to the 31st both told us food was included. They also told us & was on their site in WRITING that it opened at 5 pm NOT 8. So we were thrown off when we showed up and they weren't letting anyone in bc they opened at 8. We were starving! So when We get in and seated at 8 to find out NO food was being served . We were extremely upset because while waiting we could have ate our dinner. So we wasted time & money on a snack. It's NYE so getting in was hard so we ended up at the buffet. So we spent more then we planned to & wasted time! So the beginning of our night at Diablo's was a terrible experience . But once we got there our server was awesome at helping us change our terrible attitudes . It was freezing that night & they have 2 large doors they kept wide open the EMTIRE night regardless if anybody was coming through the door . I had a seat where I saw the door & by 930pm there was numerous times that door could have been closed for several minutes!!! We were freezing!!! My husband went & purchased hand earners & gave out poor freezing server one too. We dressed in outfits because we planned to stay inside but bring in a table near the door it felt like we spent money to sit outside. It was a terrible experience but luckily we had a wonderful server and was able to have fun in the freezing cold with out noses running & feet ice cold . For some reason moment wanted doors open. Maybe because they wanted pple to know they were open which is fine but there are other ways to do that to prevent their staff & customers who paid lots of money to sit . It was a terrible experience & working in management I couldn't believe the mistakes that were made
2	DISCLAIMER: Review is for a post 10PM visit on a Saturday night.  A good spot to come to after a few drinks elsewhere or stumbling by on your way back to your room.I knew this was going to be a questionable call after being given bracelets outside by the little old lady whole barely spoke english, poor lady should have been at home cuddled in her warm bed!  After our group of 10 (9F and 1M) walked in, we were not guided anywhere except the back where the stairs to the deck were blocked off.  We were than told by the blonde girl up front that we could by a bottle and get good service for the same price or cheaper than if we all bought our drinks.  We passed on that given that not everyone wanted to drink.We sat down at a table along the window just along the strip, which provided a great people watching spot.   Everyone felt awkward as we were not given any service (despite there being plenty of servers/promoters near by who were clearly not busy and able to help.  I witnessed smaller groups walk in, PAY COVER, and then leve after like 30 minutes because of the awkwardness.Like I said, I only saw this place from 10pm - Midnight on the Saturday of NYE 2015 weekend and I was very disappointed.  Unless you're already hammered, or its after midnight, or both, I would just stay away.  When I left at midnight I will say the dance floor looked like it was having a good time, but by that time I had already spent two hours there and was over it.I wont be going back.
