5	This is one of my favorite resturants in all of Vegas. This is the spot for Italian food! A great menu of classics and a very nice staff that knows their food. It's priced fantastic and very clean... a must order when you go is their homemade house salad dressing OMG it's the real deal Italian salad dressing that Mom makes, milky, cream, and rich; delicious.
5	Recently had dinner here because my Mother heard a radio commercial so figured why not.  Pleasantly surprised and would not have heard of this place if not for the commercial.  Calamari to start, nice and crispy.  I had the Canneloni Ripiene and sampled her Veal Piccata.  All excellent and good portions.  I agree with the other poster that the salad dressing is delish.  Overall, the service is great.  One of the friendliest staffs I've encountered.  I will be back.
5	I have  been going to The Sicilian Caffe since 1995. It was originally in another section of this complex but was destroyed by fire. They re-opened a few years ago. The Manicotti, Chicken Marsala are excellent.Great service and a relaxing atmosphere. The soups, breads are all home made and the italian dressing is wonderful. This place is a hidden gem in the Las Vegas Valley.
4	We ate here because my cousin gave us $125 worth of gift certificates.  Well you might say we went overboard with the orders; our bill ended up being about $165 for three people (and not because the menu is overly expensive).  In any case, the food was all very good and the service was excellent.  I'm incredibly full as I type this.
1	I have drove by this place a hundred times, after reading these reviews I finally decided to venture in. What a mistake. This place is the worst of everything, high prices small servings , horrible food and a mind numbing slow kitchen. 45 minutes to get our food and the place was empty two other tables going Even after sending back a entree and a appetizer which where inedible, bill was still over 60.00, for two plates of paper thin chicken breasts. I could write more about this dump, but why waste the time.
5	One of my all time favorite places.  The Lasagana is awesome!
3	We gave it a try and found it to be good up to a point. We came in with "No Reservations" (ha ha) and got seated without a problem. The place was mildly busy and the decor is better on the inside than the outside. Started out with some Calimari and it was top notch! The complimentary bread was hot and tasty. We were starting to get full and satisfied already. The house salad was chilled and delicious! They even gave us a slightly smaller portion because we got filled up a little on the appetizers. Our pasta dishes were just OK, I had the Penne Putanesca and it was kind of salty and nothing special. My wife's chicken and pasta was not that good either and the sauces tasted the same on her plate as well as mine. The chicken breast was paper thin and not anything special. I had a beer and wife had a glass of wine, then we took a few cannolis to go. Great dinner for the most part, just the entrees were weak."Friendly" Sicillian owner seemed to specialze with a few of the guests and never did say hello to us. Then a woman brought out a little baby and visited some customers, but not us. No big deal I guess. We finished our dinner and headed out the door, not even a "goodnight' or "thank you" from the employees and family at the counter. Meh, whatever. We liked the food and will come back again someday. I'll stay with what I like, pasta with meatballs and will have to try out their pizza. Sicilian thick crust pizza is what true pizza should be. I hope they have what I want the next time we are in.
2	My boss and I stumbled across this place the other day and decided to try it for lunch.It was cold out and the bread was piping hot. It tasted great on a cold winter day.I ordered the prosciutto and roasted pepper panini. When it came out, it didn't look like prosciutto. After I flagged the waiter down, he confirmed it was a sausage panini, apologized for the mix up, and said my sandwich would be out in 5 minutes.  The sandwich came with a side of pasta so I ate that in the meantime. The pasta we fine. I ordered it with the house sauce which the waiter explained was marinara cooked with meat and then strained to take out the meat while leaving the meaty flavor. Tasted like marinara to me.My prosciutto panini arrived. It was okay but the prosciutto was a little chewy and it wasn't as good as I had hoped.The service was only okay. The waiter didn't come over to refill our water for quite some time which I found annoying.Overall, the meal was fine, but I doubt I'll be back.
5	While in Las Vegas, my guy ( who knows a thing or two about food ) stumbled across an advertisement for this place on our hotel TV. It is not located on the famous 'Strip', however, after he had seen the commercial and looked up the menu online, we just HAD to go here! This establishment is comfortable, and cozy when you walk in. Independently owned and operated, the owner greeted us with a genuine smile! Our waiter, Howard, not only had us laughing, but offered up sincere, and honest answers to any question we had in regards to the menu. THANK goodness, he suggested we split the entree we had asked about because the portions were huge! The pasta fagiole soup was the best I've ever had! The wine, appetizer, entree and dessert were simply amazing. Our experience here was SO good, that we actually came back a second time during our 5 day stay in Vegas! Even though this place is more of a draw to the locals, I want to put it out there to tourists as well, you really should give it a try, you will NOT be disappointed! The 2 of us are from Michigan and I will refer this place to anyone who asks about a dining recommendation in that area!  A wonderful experience from start to finish!
5	Yum! Large portions and very friendly staff.
5	aka: Sicilian Cafe, read the reviews there too.Being a New Yorker at heart I say to you that this is like a NY neighborhood Italian place. I swear it is like "Mama" cooking in the kitchen.Start with a fine Sicilian appetizer like Caponata Siciliana. The olives and peppers are mixed and seasoned just right. Move on to something like Angel Hair Pomodoro or maybe Lobster Ravioli with a choice of sauces. The menu of Italian Specialties is extensive. I've had most of them and find them all wonderful. I also like the salads that are cold and fresh. My favorite I must confess is the Siciliana which is fresh tomatoes, red onions, kalamata olives, oregano, and pure flavorful olive oil. The Sicilian Ristorante is beautifully decorated. It is clean and well kept. The Wait Staff are all pleasant, knowledgeable, and quick. There is a wonderful wine list to choose from or get a suggestion that is always a great bet.I suggest a reservation for dinner.Be prepared to leave very full.
5	I visit my Mother 4-5 times per year and we eat at The Sicilian each time. The food and ambiance are first rate at reasonable prices. While the location isnt as flashy as some overpriced Strip restaurant, the food beats any Italian I've had anywhere. The service is almost always friendly and prompt. Howard served us on August 10 was excellent. The Montepulciano house wine is marvelous. If you're traveling to LV and want great Italian, Take Tropicana east past Pecos - on the North side of the street.
5	I'm 100% Sicilian and it's hard to find good Italian restaurants. The food here is amazing. The service is awesome, and the atmosphere makes me feel right at home. Authentic Italian food!
5	Authentic southern Italian meal.  Comfortable ambiance and amazing food. The Arancina, the veal, the canoli shells from Brooklyn: need I say more?  Has a east coast Italian feel, and the sauces were great! I highly recommend this gem of a place!
5	We couldn't have had a more pleasant dining experience!!  My kid sister, visiting from MI, & I, visiting from AZ, were greeted at the door like family!  When our server heard we were from his home state, it was like meeting an old friend.  Our house salads & minestrone soup came with a loaf of fresh-from-the-oven, homemade whole wheat bread.  We enjoyed the PENNE a la SICILIANA and SPAGHETTI (I substituted Fettucini) a la CARBONARA--couldn't have been better.  And then we shared a bowl (yes, martini-glass style bowl) of Tiramasu that was scrumptious!  Each course was served from a quaint wooden cart--nice touch.  The only thing potentially off-putting were the warnings posted here & there--turn off your cell phone (they seem to be allowed at lunchtime to accommodate working lunches); "If you decide to alter our menu, it becomes your responsibility.Either you like it or not, you will be CHARGED FOR IT!!!!!!!," etc.  And the overall '80s decor could use updating when the economy improves.  But save the murals!!In summary; the FOOD was top-notch, the SERVICE was impeccable, the ATMOSPHERE was divine!  I will make sure to visit every time I go to Las Vegas and tell my friends for their next visits!!
4	On the first visit, the staff was friendly, the place was packed, and my wife tells me the lasagna was well worth the $19, which only took 15 minutes
3	I was recently driving in the area and saw the Sicilian cafe and being Born in Vegas and having tried every legitimate Italian restaurant in Las Vegas I couldn't remember  if I had actually ever eaten  there since I have tried so many places and many that are no longer in business.  I went there with 2 friends  for an early dinner at 6pm. (That is early for me as I usual eat at 8pm or 9pm. The dining room was dead with only 2 other tables occupied when we got there. It was early so  I didn't think much of it.We were seated and the server Melissa came over and took our drink orders promptly and dropped off a bread basket. She was friendly. After looking over the menu we all knew what we wanted or were deciding between 2 differed entrees.  When Melissa came over for our orders, I asked  for her suggestion between the Tortellini  and Angel Hair. Although friendly, Melissa just said they are both good. My other friends had similar questions and received similar answers. Now I appreciate  when a server is honest and not always trying to up-sell just to pad the check, there was no help at all deciding between the dishes. We started with Carprese, Minestrone and Pasta Fagioli.  All were  fine but nothing special or set them apart from anywhere or even pre made store bought variety. We all agreed that is was just OK. Shortly after we received our dinners.  Tortellini, Manicotti Ripieni, and Baked Ziti. They were all hot and seemed  fresh baked by the look of them.  Hungery we all at most of our diners. The taste didn't back up the look of them. It was just OK.  Not bad not good or anything special. I was waiting for  somone to come out of the kitchen telling us, this dinner way prepared by Pizza Hut or Olive Garden.  It was good enough to eat  and fill you up but nothing I would come back for even if I was again in the area. The service and friendliness was the only think memorable about the dinner. Since Sicilian Ristorante was very forgettable food wise, I am thinking that, combined with the countless Italian joints in Vegas I have been to, is exactly why I couldn't remember eating there before. The food is forgettable and uninspired and so is the restaurant.  If you love places like Olive Garden or Applebees you will like this place, if you want something more memorable and  not only get filled up and be on your way, find another Italian place. Forgettable!
5	I'm new to Las Vegas and was looking for a good authentic, (off-strip, not chain) Italian restaurant...and I found it.  It's kind of out of the way, but completely worth it!  We went for lunch and the bruschetta appetizer was great.  The tomatoes were sweet even though they aren't in season.  I had the fettuccine primavera with olive oil and garlic.  The vegetables were cooked perfectly and the flavor was great.  One of my companions said the lasagna was the best he's ever had.  Another person in the party also went traditional with the fettuccine alfredo and said the sauce was creamy and cheesy without being too heavy.  We shared a tiramisu for desert which is homemade and perfect.  This small, obviously family-owned restaurant is a hidden gem.  It was casual enough to be comfortable, but still boasted cloth table clothes.  The service was really good also.  Hurray for supporting local small businesses and getting great food in the process.
5	The best lamb chops anywhere!!! Escargo my six month old son even enjoyed (chopped very small of course).  Our family just came from visiting there again and the food is delish.  Keep up the great work.  Jerry and Luz loved your food again.  Till next time.
5	Awesome savoring dishes.  Most delicious rack of lamb anywhere.   We miss Casey.  Escargot was very tasty that even my 7 month old son enjoyed with the garlic bread.  Very friendly service, nice ambiance, a hidden gem for Vegas.
2	Fresh, old fashon home cooking with big portions. A little pricy for  traditional offerings. 'Could do exactly the same thing in my own kitchen. Would never go back.
2	A break from Thai food !There are a lot of Italian restaurants in Vegas, some good, some not so good. Not wanting to drive across town we decided to try a new (to us) place, of course checking yelp we came across this place.So on with the important stuff, greeted at the door, seated quickly, bread delivered ( darn its good) orders taken, I went for the cannelloni, the wife went for the sea bass.How can I put this Travis D has it pretty much spot on, the food reminded me of Olive Garden except, it was a lot more money and a lot less food.My cannelloni was, well blah to be honest, the wife's sea bass was ok, not great, but the portion sizes were just way off for the price, I don't mind paying for good food, I do mind paying for ok food served in small portions.There are better Italian restaurants in town for sure, even if it means having to drive a little.
5	Had the meatballs- fluffy & flavorful! Calimari and scallops are excellent! Expect to spend $100 for 3 courses for 2 and drinks but took home leftovers.
5	We moved to Nevada from New York about two years ago and have tried many Italian restaurants since moving.  None have come close to what we were used to in New York.  None until The Sicilian Ristorante that is!   The food there is just as good as any back East.  The service was excellent, food authentic down home Sicilian and the bread hot and fresh!   It's our new favorite place and we can't recommend it highly enough!
5	I wish I could give this place 10 stars!  You just can't find food like this in Las Vegas!  I've lived in Vegas for 12 years now and when I found this jewel, I just can't stop coming back!The rice balls are out of this world!  Penne vodka, bolognese, fettucini carbonara...all the amazing dishes I miss from back home in NJ....The only downside is that I know I've gained a few pounds since I started coming because I just can't resist those rice balls!  :)
3	I have been here on two occasions. The food was good both times. The service was problematic both times. The first time, my date was carded, which is fine, but her ID was taken and inspected away from the table. The server, the manager and another server all stood in a huddle away across the restaurant within sight and openly laughed. No idea why. Very impolite and unprofessional. The second time the server was arrogant and tried too hard to "relax" us. He was trying to control the atmosphere of the meal more than I like in service. When I attempted to order an appetizer with my wine on his first visit,  he chastised me and told me to slow down and relax. We hadn't eaten all day, not that he took the time to find that out. He was too busy telling us how to dine there. Both times the food did not make up for the service.It is a little too pricey for the quality.
5	Jonathon is the best server in Vegas. Awesome guy. Made our experience so wonderful and the food was absolutely amazing. I'll be back again and again!!
3	Food was very good but the wine & cocktail list doesn't make any sense as it pertains to pricing.  I think you can bring your own wine which would be recommended based on their very strange price structure.  Would have rated a 4 if not for the bar pricing.
4	Came in on a weekday and was seated asap BC it wasn't that busy. The interior is nicely decorated and my waiter suggested the Linguine Pescatore since I was craving seafood.My entree included salad which was fresh and chilled. When my Linguine  Pescatore arrived I was shocked at the size and all the scallops, shrimps, clams, mussels and calamari the entree included. The red sauce was not overpowering and I could really taste the melody of seafood ingredients.My waiters was friendly and knowable with his menu offerings. Only negative was I was I was full and couldn't order any dessert!
5	This place could have been on the East Coast.  Stick to the Sicilian Specialties and you will not be disappointed.  It is about 5 miles from the "strip" and the drive is well worth it.  Be sure to ask owner Pietro to share his social views with you, and trust waiter Louie's recommendations.   I was there with a party of 18 Italian Americans, mostly from New York, New Jersey & Pennsylvania, who thoroughly enjoyed the authentically prepared food.  Some may think the prices are a bit high, but you get what you pay for.  I strongly recommend the Mussels with white sauce as an appetizer and the Coippino for dinner.
3	I'd give this place a 5 for customer service, but as far as the food goes it gets a 3! The staff were superb! Very friendly and the owner was great and funny!The food was a bit overpriced, but it was delicious nonetheless! I thought what my boyfriend and I ordered was going to be huge by the way the server was explaining it (we shared), but I could our food my by myself. It was a great first time experience!
5	It's been a family tradition to go to the Sicilian Ristorante for over 25 years; when it was the Sicilian Cafe just a building or so over. I love these guys- Pietro, the owner, the main dinner waiter Luis, Casey- everyone is awesome. (Luis should be in a movie- someone make that happen.) Service is amazing and old-school. The food is always great (and come hungry, portions are not small!). When I come home to Vegas, I always have dinner here. For all the change that Vegas is constantly undergoing- I can always count on their good food and sense of humor. Thanks guys!
5	Kong salad is amaizing!
2	We were in the area when our car broke down. Since we had our newborn baby with us, and it was 120 out, decided we should wait inside and that's how we ended up here. It was lunch time and I was shocked to see how much the lunch prices were! And on top of that, it didn't include a side salad, so had to pay extra to add one. Tortellini was OK, but not worth $13 for a small serving. The staff is super friendly, and service was great, but I just can't get over the high prices for just OK food. I will say that the $7 canolli was very good. Still though, my boyfriend just ordered a side salad, while I stayed with the baby and ate the tortellini, and I ended up spending like, $45 on lunch after tip and felt way ripped off. It's a shame their prices are so high when they don't even make their own pasta there (which is easy to do and would probably save them money making them able to lower their prices to a reasonable, competitive price.) I don't know how this place is still open. Way too expensive!
5	I was invited by a friend, so i didn't pick the place.  I loved it.  I have a friend that is Italian and her mom used to cook for her birthday, it reminded me exactly of that.  We had calamari, brochettes with plenty of garlic flavor, and I had a seafood soup I don't know the name all I know that it was good, i ordered by the picture on the wall.
5	I was going to give this a four star but I couldn't figure out a reason to not give it five. The staff is friendly food is hot!! If you're a fan of Alfredo goes for the pink sauce.
5	This place is to die for!!  Everything is made fresh in house...even the pasta!While visiting a friend in Vegas we decided to have my first real Sicilian meal.  This is a cozy place with white table cloths, fabric napkins along with a great casual atmosphere.  The meal starts with a wonderful, beautifully browned, loaf of warm bread with butter. Then we both had a salad with the house dressing of creamy Italian . OMG, was it good!  They even bring out extra dressing because it's that good. For our main course we had the eggplant parmesan.  It looked too good to eat. It was loaded with cheese and the sauce was very flavorful.  This was served with a side order of spaghetti that was done to perfection, too.  Keep in mind that the main course servings are large enough for 2 meals.For dessert I had the Terra me sue that was to die for.Service was excellent and the price was too.If you are in Vegas, give this place a try.  It's on Tropicana Ave but it's at least 5 miles from the strip so you cannot walk there.
3	I had a late lunch at Sicilian Ristorante on a Wednesday.  There were only 2 other tables.  The restaurant has a cool vibe, I bet it's great for dinner on a Friday or Saturday night.  White tablecloths, lots of pictures on the wall, small bar near the front of the joint.  Classic.I had the prosciutto with roasted pepper sandwich.  It was good, but could have used some more meat.  I thought the roasted peppers were the best part of the sandwich.  I got some of the red sauce on the side.  It was thinner than usual, but had good flavor.  I would definitely get something with the sauce again, but not the sandwich.They have specials that aren't on the menu, including osso buco.  I imagine I'll return and give that a shot, it looked fantastic.
2	If you are looking for a great place to eat off the strip this is not it.  The place is overpriced, the server we had spent the entire time telling us how bad it was to work their.  I can almost imagine how bad it must be if the radio commercial focus on his nephew or son being able to fix your computer almost while you eat. I think the true character of the owner is obvious in his public ads.  However, we still went to check it out, and we are still sorry that we wasted out money.  Better places to eat in the same location.
5	i drive by this place all the time,went there for lunch today,waitress was so nice,wasn't crowded,was told everything was homemade,had baked clams and she said they take 15 minutes,they were done from scratch,then i meet the owner,makes me feel i'm at his home,i'll just say that's what a real italian restaurant should be.also the bread is very good,also made in house,the prices are not at all high,i laugh when i see what people pay on the strip,very nice restaurant and nice staff
5	Our first visit was last night.  Why haven't we been here before?  What a welcoming restaurant.  We were greeted immediately and taken to our table, that was big enough for us not to feel like we were on top of each other.  The service was impeccable.  Food was incredible.  I am vegetarian and had no problem being entirely satisfied.  My husband and our friends had non-vegetarian food and raved about it.  Wine list is wonderful.  The owner went to each table more than once to check on his guests.  We felt we were guests in his home.  We never felt rushed to turn the table.  We simply had a wonderful time.  It appeared everyone else in the restaurant did too.  We highly recommend this wonderful place.  Bon Appetito!
1	What a disappointment. This place is way too expensive for what it is, and the decor is dry. Our waiter was nice, but he may have been on acid or some substance. The calamari was very chewy and the batter was not crunchy enough. We had the ziti and speghetti and meatballs. They were both bland. In the end, we wish we went to another Sicilian/Italian restaurant. ANY other one.
5	Living near San Diego's Little Italy and caring for some spunky sicilian Nonas I got hip to the yummy fried gooey goodness of arancini! Moving to Henderson I cringed at the thought of being 5 hours away from it...However my silent worries were somehow heard and an angel surprised me with a serving one day at work...first observation: The sauce is on the plate with the arancini sitting on top? Not used to seeing it that way, so my taste buds were not expecting what was coming next...SWEET SERENITY! The arancini was fried well, nice crunch to welcome the cheesy rice in the center, scoop it up with the red meat sauce and peas (Perfection in every bite) Totally annihilates Cafe Zucchero's! I will definitely be checking into the restaurant in the coming weeks to check out the rest of the menu! 5 stars for a five star arancini. Will update when I get the whole dining experience! Mangia Bene!
2	Caprese sandwich not what I expected the bun should have been toasted it was just lacking flavor.
5	I love this place.  Great food atmosphere and service.  Large portions.  Excellent food.  Am a local and will continue dining here every time a get a hankering for sicilian.
5	Loved it!  We had a fantastic late  lunch of a magnificent Sicillian Pizza pie.  wait time was average and service was good but there were only a couple other people in the restaurant at the time.
4	Nice, bright setting. GREAT service. Great food.Need to go again to see if it's a 5.
2	Ok, maybe it's just me, but the sign outside said lunch ends at 2:30 and dinner starts at 2:31....hmmmm. This is not Buger King...but seems they may be a bit inflexible. I came specifically looking for a good Italian sub, but was there at 2:55. Really, a cold cut sandwich could not be made 25 minutes past the deadline. Really? Absolutely not, (part of the company policy I'm guessing), the young man gave a flat no...end of subject. C'mon, pretend to go back and see if there's any salami left. Nope...no is no.Anyway, got the cannelloni, arrived quickly and hot. It was edible, but like a high school cooking class meal. Olive Gardens is way better.Anyway, it's clean, staff ok,  price ok, but was disappointed in both the food and the unwillingness to accommodate what seems like a very minor variation.Take note Sicilian Ristorante, inflexibility is not an appealing characteristic of a restaurant.
5	I have been hearing the commercials on the radio and was intrigued. I had to try this place. My sister and brother in law joined me. The food was wonderful and the service was great! I highly recommend this quaint restaurant to anyone that enjoys a great Italian dinner!!
2	I was very disappointed when I made a special trip to this restaurant.  For months I have listened to the wonderful commercials on the radio.  Could not wait to try.  The few times I was going to be in the area was always a Sunday, when they are closed. That is why it took me so long to go there.  When I finally had the opportunity the food was just okay and the server was unwilling to recommend.  He actually asked me how he would know what item I would prefer.  I had expected a wonderfully cheerful, friendly experience, based on the commercial.  I believe the owner or manager was there and visiting with another table with the kind of experience I anticipated, we however did not even get a hello.    Luckily, I had a friend in from out of town.  Unfortunately, I was unimpressed.
1	Ate there yesterday for lunch with my 14 year old daughter: for Lasagne ($12), extra sauce ($3), Garlic Bread ($6), Caprese Salad ($9). The server was very excellent. My daughter insists I mention that the Olive Garden would have been better. The Lasagne tasted like sauce out of a can that had set out for days with low grade hamburger mixed in. The very thin layer of cheese on top was so thin it was nearly flavorless and what flavor was there was not a good one. The bread that came with the meal was less than average. The salad was bland. The garlic bread was a celebration of overpowering garlic assaulting my mouth. The funky cheese on that garlic bread polluted the flavor. The impression we left with was that this restaurant's management and kitchen staff are care far more about making money and cares very little about what they send out of their kitchen.
2	I was really disappointed in this place because the reviews were great. No one was there around 4:00pm. The service was great tho! Food was mediocre, Olive Garden is better.
1	This used to be a wonderful place.  I started going to the Sicilian back in 1995 , when they were  in their other location .  It's been a while  since I dined here . The food quality has definitely changed and not for the better . The house sauce tasted different and was bland.  I had the manicotti . The decor which used to be elegant and upscale  is now a hodgepodge of 9/11 memorial wall.  Murals everywhere and American flags everyplace. They  want all cell phones off at dinner.  As another poster noted , inflexible rules . This place I'm sorry to say has changed.
4	Came here for our anniversary and had a pretty darn good meal.  Started off with cocktails while we waited for our table (failed to make reservations).  I had a "God Father" which was scotch and some liquour and darn tasty.  We got our seat and I started with some escargot (first time) and really enjoyed it.  It had tons of garlic and a good serving size.  Wife ordered the calamari and it was outstanding.  Then onto our main dishes.  I had chicken parm.  It was large enough to take some home and enjoy the dish again the next day.  I highly recommend it.  Can't remember what the wife at but I'm sure she will post a review also.
5	I come to this place about once a month, I can count on getting authentic Italian food, and most importantly authentic Italian hospitality.The chicken carciofi ( I think that's how you spell it) is the best Italian dish I have ever had, they also have many "signature" dishes you can only find there. Howie (Wilfredo) is our usual sever and recognizes us when we come in, he is really a fun guy to have serve your food. The owner is there frequently and is a really great guy as well. I will be coming here until I leave Vegas, it's my favorite restaurant here for sure. There house salad dressing is awesome, the fresh baked bread tastes as good as it sounds and the desert is great each time.If you want to dine Sicilian , there is only one way to do it in Las Vegas. Go to the Sicilian ristorante.
5	This place is amazing. I come here at least once a week. Amazing Italian food. The escargot is to die for. Family owned. Everyone is so friendly. Must try
5	Our first time. After hearing the commercials we had to give this place a try. It had cloth napkins and tablecloths, cozy lighting, a love of Italy and America is their main decor. Nice staff, good with drink refills and time between courses. Great Cesar salad, delicious lasagna, perfect ravioli. And the bread... Oy, the bread. Whenever we're in town this will be high on the list.
1	I was extremely excited to eat at this restaurant after hearing all the owners crazy commercials on the radio. I was disappointed by the food and service and especially the owner. The owner is the rude and disrespectful to the patrons of his business. We went in before the dinner rush around 4:00 pm. It was myself, my wife, my 8 yr old son, and my 1yr old. The owner decided to have a conversation as loud as can be about how he does not agree with interracial relationships and even more so doesn't agree with interracial children. I am of Mexican/American and my wife is Irish/american. My 8 yr old was completely upset because the owner went one to say," these kids are going to grow up thinking to themselves who am I? why don't I look like my mom or my dad?" I was infuriated and my wife was fuming mad. I don't care what you religious or political views are but you have a responsibility as a owner of an establishment to be respectful of your patrons who are spending money to support your business. I shouldn't have to explain to my 8 yr old why this old man is spewing hate and that we have to pay for it. Once he finishes his rant we asked for the check and I had my wife put my kids in the car. I asked for the owner and we had a heated conversation. Which he offered no explanation or apology. I will never in my lifetime eat or recommend anyone in town to this establishment and  I work in the hospitality industry and will do my best to not recommend this place to anyone. My 8 yr old said it the best when were in the car "We should have went to Olive Garden."
2	Visiting from out of town, we passed this place and decided to try it, since hubby is a native Calabrese.  Things started off poorly with a waiter who was Mr. Sarcastic.  We weren't  starving so we ordered a Caesar salad and dinner to share.  The salad was decent enough.  But dinner...ziti with sausage, eggplant and peppers...was almost inedible. The sauce tasted like it had been cooking for a week, thick and bitter, with too much sauce to pasta balance.  The few slices of sausage were pan fried and overcooked prior to adding it to the dish. The eggplant was practically non-existent.  A couple of wimpy slices of green pepper. All this for a whopping $18.95!   Wow.  Sorry, we will not be returning.
5	I love this place!!  My wife and I have been here a few times and we usually get the same thing because it is the perfect sauce!  We are always so excited to come here!! One of the servers is named Howie? I think! Sorry if I am wrong but he is amazing!!! The food is phenomenal and the environment is great but he makes it just perfect.  He is funny and personable with lots of jokes and always looking to get a smile and making everyone feel welcome.  My wife and I already brought our family in and will continue to bring more people.  We love supporting family owned businesses, especially when they well deserve it!!
1	Overpriced and not "Authentic" or even very good food, mediocre at best service and the owner spews his right-wing politics. I should have just ordered Domino's and watched Fox News. Total waist of a night out.
5	My boyfriend and I stumbled in this restaurant on our last night in Vegas after a very long day at Hoover Dam. All we knew was we were in the mood for Italian and really thirsty. We were seated quickly and the server took our request for water and to "keep 'em coming" seriously - the water was never empty again. We took a bit to decide what to order because it all sounded great. We decided on the Lasagna and Manicotti both with house salads. The food was outstanding! The house sauce was a rich, tangy red sauce - it was magnificent! I wish I could say more but it wouldn't do it justice.The real gem of this place is the owner and staff. The owner circled the restaurant and greeted each table and asked about everyone's meal. The servers on staff that night - JP & Howard - were friendly & funny. Then it got really fun...the owner circled back to our table again and chatted with us for probably an hour. We had the nicest conversation with him and found out he is a Minnesota native and he shared with us a little about his family. You can tell that everyone who is working in the restaurant is family or practically family. There is a relaxed vibe to the restaurant and everyone there that makes for an enjoyable evening.We will absolutely return when we visit Vegas again and highly recommend The Sicilian Ristorante.
4	First - I am a tough critic.  So I don't give four stars very easily.  I have eaten here about a dozen times - this year!  I have not been disappointed once.  Today was Chicken Piccata with Minestrone soup.  The food is the freshest in town and you do not walk out of this place feeling weighed down.  The service is excellent.  Take down that picture of Sara Palin in the front lobby and I give it 5 stars (just kidding - sort of).  Love the place - will return soon
5	Great authentic Italian cuisine and atmosphere.   Friendly staff.   Had shrimp parmigiana and chicken parmigiana   Both were delicious and generous portions served with pasta.   Delicious hot bread was also served.  Howard AKA Vincenzo was funny and friendly.  We will be back.
5	Excellent food and amazing service. You want a family run owned real Italian meal. This is the place to come!!!! Love!
4	I checked this place out kinda late on a weeknight. I was the only one there and I think it was close to closing time, but I never felt in any way rushed. I appreciate that! Great service, cool atmosphere, classic Italian restaurant and very Vegas in the decor.The Spaghetti Carbonara was excellent! And so was the salad. The prices seem reasonable to me, especially for food of this quality. Impressive wine list, but I always just go for Chianti with Italian food. This is definitely a place I will return to.
5	Finally had an opportunity to try this place.  Very impressed!  The service was outstanding!  We roll a little heavy and tonight it was me, wife, my 4 yr old daughter, my 2 mo old son, and my aunt and uncle.  JP took care of us and all of our high maintenanceness.  We knew this place was going to be great when it got the blessing of my Uncle Vitto (who said they make the best Eggplant Parm in Vegas not made by him personally).  The food was outstanding!  If you're on the easy side and want great Sicilian food, this is the place!
4	My wife and I had dinner here on 10/4. I used to go to the old Sicilian Cafe back in the early 90's and the food was always great. The decor on this location is kind of dated. It is an old Vegas restaurant but could use an update.  However it was clean and comfortable for dinner, and they were very gracious about giving us a more quiet booth after they already led us to another table.  On to the food, the menu is expansive, with pretty much all of the Italian specialties you'd want. The bread was delicious and is made in house. We started with a mozzarella caprese. Very nicely presented, the mozzarella was soft and fresh. The fried calamari was delicious, fried to perfection, and very tender. We then ordered baked clams oregenata. We did not care for these, as the clams they used are large and tend to be chewy. They were fresh, but it was a preference thing. For Entrees my wife had Chicken Angelo which was very tasty and tender. I had spaghetti carbonara, which had great flavor, but was a little on the dry side. The portions are generous, and the staff very attentive. Overall we were very pleased and will eat there again.
4	I am from the Philadelphia area and my Aunt & Sister kept raving about this place. Now I see why! Wonderful wine menu, wonderful selections, and wonderful staff. Thanks for enhancing our dining experience! A special shout out to Laura our server and the lovely hostess ( daughter in law) for making our visit so special!
4	We went here because I had , yes, you guessed it, a coupon.I cannot think how many countless times I must have driven past this place and never noticed it was there. Admittedly, I was usually late for work and too busy cursing the vehicles observing the speed limit to take in the scenery, but I actually thought it was fairly new. I asked the waiter, who informed me they had been there 26 years. Wha-wha-what?It's in a fairly seedy little strip mall, but is surprisingly spacious and pleasant inside. The decor is a schizophrenic blend of travel posters from Italy and all the little American flags that eventually blew off car antennas in the wake of  post 9/11 patriotism. Glad someone picked them up and put them to use. I'm all about recycling.Anyway, since we were saving $25, I decided to splurge and get the veal, which I thought at $30 was a little spendy for a neighborhood joint, but it was two nice sized pieces of good veal, not the dark squishy kind, so it was not overpriced. And I tried to get the Anaconda to order the manicotti, since I must have something cheesy and red saucy when in an Italian restaurant. He rebelled at the last minute and switched to the canneloni (curse that waiter for letting him know there was no meat in manicotti just because he asked), but the bite I got was pretty tasty. We alo had a stuffed mushroom appetizer, which was just ok (served in marinara and no meat in the stuffing), and broke down and ordered the a la carte salad, which was good but $7 extra. (A pet peeve of mine). I was teetering between 3 and 4 stars when they trotted out the cannoli. Oh, my. The shell was nice and crunchy and it was overflowing from both ends with the most rich, delicious, creamy filling. Yum! It was the best one I've had since that little Italian bakery at the Reading Terminal in Philadelphia. I was feeling propelled towards a 5 star sugar rush, but another reviewer was right: ditch that pic of Sarah Palin. What a buzzkill on the way out!
4	Drive by this place everyday on my way to work and now my kids go to school right next door, so we figured it's time to give the Sicilian a try. Glad we did!Ambiance is that of an old school family Italian restaurant: huge pictures of Italy on the walls, white tablecloths, but with a takeout counter up front. Service was great - super friendly, quick, and very welcoming to our kids. When we first came in, he said, "ok I'll bring out some bread and a side of pasta for these two. And don't worry about the linens-we don't do the laundry!" When the bread and butter came out, he told us we got "VIP butter" because it was all soft from the heat lamp. Portions were big. My husband always orders escargot when it's available, so we checked out the Sicilians. They were big and meaty, with 3 escargot in every little spot! Our glasses of wine were doubles, too!As for taste, it's good. I enjoyed the escargot and the manicotti with meat dish, but they weren't off the charts. When you see the menu, prices seem a little high ($12-18 for pasta, $10-15 for glass of wine), but portions are big enough to split, making it a pretty good value. Great restaurant for the whole family. We will definitely be back.
5	The food here was great! We are from Long Island and looking for some great Italian food and this was it! Howard was our waiter, he was hilarious and very helpful. The rice balls for an appetizer were absolutely delicious! Highly recommend!
1	Recently, I went to this restaurant for takeout, I really wanted pasta and meatballs.  The dinner for one was over thirty dollars.  When I got it home, I noticed the sauce didn't even stick to the pasta.  A good sauce sticks!  Then the meatballs were hard as rocks.  The meatball bounced on the plate.  I've never been so disappointed.  Bland, cardboard meatballs!  I will never return to this restaurant!
5	I had heard about this restaurant initially from the owner's commercials on the radio.  So, I reviewed the comments and menu on yelp.  I am super picky when it comes to Italian food, since I am Italian.  Very few Italian restaurants impress me.  I was so impressed with this restaurant!  The food was very authentic!  The restaurant was very clean and attractive!   The staff was amazing!  Howard was our server!  He was so much fun!  He was playful and made us laugh, while being very attentive to our needs!  The food, while a bit pricey, was well worth the cost!  The owner came by our table as well, to see how our dinner was. Very classy!  I would recommend you enjoy an evening out at " the "Sicilian Ristorante."  You will be glad that you had the experience!  We will definitely be back, soon!
5	This restaurant is a hidden gem of Vegas. Located about a mile from the strip, it is the place to try authentic italian Sicilian food . The restaurant is run by a Sicilian family. I ordered the Sicilian sausage with pasta, and it was yummy. Also the Sicilian red wine that they had was very smooth. I give this restaurant 5/5 for having a great service and good food for a reasonable price.
