4	This place is located inside of the Chinatown Mall. It is usually overlooked because you cannot see it unless you go inside the mall and Volcano Tea is in the same shopping center.Their boba here is unique because they use actual fruit, not powders, to make their drinks. Their menu is not very diverse, but the drinks are still pretty good. The prices are a bit higher (by $0.50 to $1.50) than other boba venders, but it is worth it for the real fruit!I would recommend their lychee & coconut and their pineapple & coconut. I tried the watermelon and it was not the best---too watery.They also sell some "very unique" candies in the store, but I have not tried any to review them.
3	The nice thing about this place is that they use real fruits. I ordered the Strawberry Banana Boba large for $4 plus tax. It was tasty; however, I give this place 3 stars because the boba balls weren't the best I've ever had. They were more on the stale side than being soft and chewy. If you're in Vegas and want boba, it's worth checking out. I'd eat here again.
5	Fresh fruit, good  for your health,very nice!
4	I noticed Elnino's glowing review last week and had to have some of that fresh fruity goodness for myself today ! Like he said, it's hard to find. Literally have to walk inside the mall. Other than that, this place is awesome.I had the pineapple/coconut and my coworker had the papaya. Both of us were extremely pleased. The pineapple coconut was  the perfect marriage of a pina colada and boba tea. It wasn't overly sweet because it had REAL pineapple in it, not sugary powder. YUM. Mine was $4 for the large (with boba) and her's was $3.50. As an added bonus, we noticed others brining in some outside bakery goodies and we did the same. The owner seemed fine with us munching on hot fresh out of the oven steamed buns from Diamond while enjoying our boba. Steam pork bun + pina colada boba = heavenly lunch for $5.
4	Dear No 1 Boba Tea,I hate you very much. I'm probably going to get diabetes from all the sugar thats in your drink, but your drinks are awesome. The coconut drink is much better than the stuff at Volcano Tea and cheaper than C66 (TM) at Tea Station. You have a distinctive tea taste in your drink that many other places do not have. Yay.The boba (tapioca balls) is like crack. It has a very nice chewy texture and has a taste that no other boba shop in Vegas can match. I usually dump the extra boba away after I'm done with my drink. However, with you, I kept sucking them through my straw. You should feel very special! You are much cheaper than the stuff at the stuff at Tea Station and on par with just about every other place in town in terms of price. Thanks for helping me get more bang for your buck. You're atmosphere sucks, but that isn't really a big deal. See you soon.Love,TonyP.S. You aren't #1 on my list yet, but I'll have to try Easy Life Boba and Boba City Cafe again. Things might change.
3	Oh No 1 Boba Tea how you are so close to getting a 5 star from me, but had to screw it up on the last revisit to get denied. 1st revisit to this place, I got the coconut boba. Yum like the last time and the boba is still like crack. If only you delivered again, you would have gotten a 5 star.2nd revisit. Blah. I requested something that wasn't on their menu, a coconut jackfruit boba. I was disappointed that they used the canned jackfruit with all the syrup, instead of fresh jackfruits. Second, I got very little boba compared to the last 2 times. I need my crack, erm boba! Lastly, the boba this time wasn't the soft, chewy, and oh my gosh I need to make a boba run goodness. It was a hard texture.Last revisit was disappointing. I'll do another revisit but if it doesn't improve I'll stick to Boba City Cafe or Easy Life Boba Tea.
5	Like many reviewers note, I love this place because they use real fruit in their drinks.  I've been coming here for the past year, and I've never been disappointed.  I always go for a large Strawberry with tapioca, and the tapioca balls have always been warm and sweet.  Perhaps I've been a very lucky customer compared to other Yelpers' experiences, but I've always been 100% satisfied with my drink.  Drinks here are $3 to $4, and are offered in small or large with the difference only being 50 cents.  There is a $5 minimum to use credit/debit cards; whenever I didn't have cash a lucky coworker would end up with a boba so that I could use my card ;)  I don't really have much more to say; I order a drink, they make it for me, and I'm satisfied.  Easy five stars since I've been a repeat customer for a year.
5	I gave this place 5 stars judging from their Avocado Boba Smoothies, which in my opinion is the best in Vegas. A lot of my coworkers suggested that this place has the best boba drinks considering they use real avocados and not the powder stuff that you get at Volcano tea. I always get the avocado boba with no sugar but with splenda. I guess that's my sugar free version of my boba drink...but so YUM! I actually think the prices are reasonable compared to the boba places here in Vegas. For a medium avocado I spent $3 cash. They also have stamp cards where 10 stamps and get the next drink free :)
5	I would give this place 6 stars out of 5 if I could!Ok guys and gals, this place makes the best boba drinks in town.  It makes my Vegas trip all well worth it as long as I get to visit this place.  I ordered the COCONUT LYCHE drink and that is the best drink in town.  Order it, drink it, and thank me later.  This place use real fruits in their drinks.  It is the only place I know of that does that.  Other boba places uses powder and liquid sugar syrup.  Price for a drink is about $4 for a large.  I wished they have extra large cups, but buying 2 is probably better.This place also sells beef jerky and other dried fruits.  If you are into that kind of stuff, its an added bonus.Go to this place when you are in Vegas to cool yourself down from the hot dessert weather.  Highly recommended!
4	I had some time to kill. I found this 4-star boba place through Yelp and it lived up to my expectations. I ordered a #2 - passion fruit. I must say that it was a tad too sweet, but I loved it overall. It had great flavor, I liked the consistency of the tapioca, and I enjoyed the extra pieces of jelly added in.For some reason, I have an aversion to going to Tea Planet. I would definitely pick No 1 Boba Tea whenever I have a choice. I didn't check how late they are open though.
5	I have been going to No.1 Boba Tea for years now. I don't even know if it had the name no 1 Boba when I first started going there. They have by far the best fresh fruit smoothies in town. The tapioca has always been fresh when I have gone there. They must make it constantly throughout the day as most of the time it is warm when I get my drink.You could blindly pick off the menu and you will have the best fresh fruit smoothie with boba in it that you have ever had.  The milk tea is the best I have ever had and I always compare other businesses milk tea to No 1 because as the name suggests it is Number 1 Boba tea.The service can be a little cold at times but never bad.  I used to get tricked by the  candy bins they have inside  but instead of candy most are filled with things like sweet and sour squid and other  things I would never eat. I only come here for the milk tea or fresh fruit smoothies and for that they truly are Number 1 not only in name but in my book as well.
5	I have to agree with the other reviews. This is definitely the best local place for boba.  Most local boba places use "artificial flavorings" and NEVER the true fruit, like No. 1 Boba Tea (I never knew that was their name, since I never saw a sign outside their door!!);they use fresh fruits as their ingredients,and the boba is always warm, chewy and fresh! I find an excuse to be on this part of Vegas, just to stop by and treat myself to my favorite, "papaya boba." Love this place!!
4	I like the fresh fruit idea since real flavors just come out better than fake ones. No one else serves fresh taro. Yeah the powdered stuff has a stronger sweeter taste, but it can also have a chalky quality to it. This was nice, smooth and mild taro taste. We also got lychee and coconut- I loved this. Most places do lychee alone and it has more of a slushie quality to it, but the added coconut milk just gives it a better texture. You don't really taste much coconut, it's more a texture enhancer than anything and I'm really enjoying this creamy lychee drink as I type. The blending was smooth. No big ice chunks so that was appreciated. We don't really do boba much, I got jelly instead so can't report on the seemingly inconsistent boba I've been reading about. Overall- not bad at all. If I'm in the area, I'll definitely drop in when I'm feeling something fresh and fruity.
4	This was the very first place I ever tried Boba! Didn't know what it was and almost choked on the tapioca balls...10 years past and still haven't stopped me from drinking boba.What I like about No. 1 Boba is they are probably the only place that serves it with fresh fruits. Only probably with that it's really watery, but quite delicious. The milk tea is really good! Lychee is a must try! Watermelon is my favorite!
2	I wanted a honeydew milk tea with boba today and I decided it would be a good day to try a new place. The first stop I made was a bust, they were out of boba. The second place I stopped was also a bust, they were not open yet. My third and final stop was at No 1 Boba Tea.When I found No 1 Boba Tea (it is inside a mall, can be a little tricky to find), there were other people ahead of me waiting for their drinks so I looked over the menu, even though I knew exactly what I wanted. There were 3 people working but no one acknowledged me until the other customers had paid and left. I found the menu confusing, it's mainly pictures and very little English. I could tell that #8 was honeydew flavored but I wanted to make sure I got milk tea and not a slushie or smoothie. Sadly the language barrier was too much to overcome, the employee did not understand me when I asked for milk tea. I ended up with a slushie. :( A slushie that should have been mixed better at that!  Overall, unimpressed. I get better service and drinks at Boba City Cafe.
4	This is my new favorite place to get fresh fruit smoothies. I love love love this place. Favorites & Recommendations:Watermelon = Very refreshing on a hot day.Pineapple&Coconut = Pina Colada! YUMLychee&Coconut = Good combination of flavors.I've never really been a big fan of boba, so I usually just add Lychee Jelly to all my smoothies.Pricing:I usually order a Large Smoothie. Depending on what type of smoothie it is, the price is usually around $3.85 or $4.35 (taxes included).Wrap-up:If you're looking for a boba place that uses fresh fruit to make their smoothies, you should definitely give this place a try. You will not be disappointed =]
5	We just happened to wander our way and found this place, and boy, am I glad we did. We thought it was funny that we're ordering at the NUMBER ONE BOBA PLACE, but it lived up to its name, forelios. I got the papaya milktea thingy majingy (forgot the exact name), but it was SOOOO GOOD. Best boba I've had in a long time! All my friends loved the drinks that they ordered too. It was so fresh and they used real fruits! Loved it.I can't wait to come back to Vegas and get some good boba milktea. And to party of course haha.
4	My girl and I were glad to find this place after stopping at another tea joint that featured $4 and $5 boba teas... seriously?  Haha.  Anyway, #1 Boba Tea is hidden inside the corner building of the China Town plaza.  You can't see it from the parking lot.  It's worth the lil walk though as it offers up tasty milk tea and good, chewy boba.  Prices were reasonable.See ya there!
5	The best boba in las vegas! My favorite is half 13 half 14 (taro flavor and fresh taro) YUMMO!!!
4	I ordered a mango smoothie with boba- and that baby had REAL FRUIT in it!  It was delicious and I was impressed.  I asked for "less sweet" and it actually was less sweet, which I always appreciate.  The boba itself were okay.  The place is hard to find, inside the Chinatown mall- no opening to outside.  But I'd say if you want fresh fruit in your smoothies, this is the place you gotta find.
5	This is my favorite Boba place. Fresh fruit, 25 different menu options (but you can create your own, such as Mango Strawberry), and delicious delicious boba. Its cheap, its fresh (mostly?), and the service is awesome! I have a hard time understanding the ladies there but they are super sweet. Go here if you are a Boba enthusiast!
4	I no longer live close to this side of town, but when we do the,..."Tour of Asia,"  --Which means, Sam Woo, Kung Fu, or eating somewhere in China town,-- We always make sure to stop by No 1 Boba Tea.We pay Mrs. Zhang a visit!  She's a nice lady with a good sense of humor.  My favorite is the Fresh Taro, #14.  The boba is always warm and taste fresh.
4	With the over saturation of boba cafes in Chinatown, it is easy to overlook this place. It is located inside the mall and if you never venture inside, you will miss it completely.The extensive drink menu is a drawing point and the use of real fruits instead of just flavored syrups definitely makes it one of the better shops. I usually go for taro milk tea or something generic at other places, but not when I come to No. 1. The coconut lychee or the durian are my go to drinks. Both are rich and should be one of those once in a while beverages.
4	I know I've been here before with some relatives, but didn't have the recommended Lychee & Coconut smoothie boba. Sooooooo happy I didn't rebel, and took the recommendation this time, thanks fellow yelpers! :) I LOVE boba, and a few days ago I had one at Lee's (I just wanted to try theirs, first & last time I'll ever get their boba smoothies) so my boba emotions were kinda down. :( Anyways, I just had to add that b/c w/ the disappointment  of my last boba experience, this place redeemed my boba love. Still got love for ya, boba. Great customer service here, we were greeted with a kind smile. :) Customer service is important to me, so excellent service will always bring me back and bad service will put your business on my sh*t list. I'm passionate about customer service as well, so I'll tell all my family and friends about a great customer service I had. And I'll do the same with bad service. I went with my dad (he's a big boba fan too), he got the avocado smoothie boba, and he liked it! He said he'll be coming here too for his next boba smoothie. I tasted it and they definitely use fruit (instead of powder) I could actually taste the difference. And I feel like I've been powder smoothie fooled for way too long. Dad got a brain freeze b/c he was half way done in less than a few mins. :PI got more excited when I found out there were coconut slices along with the boba in mine!!! LOVE THAT! Made my drink so much better. I don't know any other place that does that. I would give 5 stars but when we sat down at one of the tables, my dad saw blood or something on the chair next to him. eww. sounds like someone was leaking. ugh. Oooh... and they have seed (that's what us Hawai'ian islanders call'em). Dried plum, li hing mui, dried cuttlefish, and all kinds of other dried fruit snacks. Reminds me of home, being from Hawai'i, so use to see those big jars of li hing mui everywhere back home. We'll have to try those next time we come in. Other than the cleanliness issue we will be back, and this will be our new go to place for boba!
5	Been a loyal customer for at least 3 years - this is my go to place for boba. Its the only place I know of that uses fresh fruits and you can even have them use splenda instead of sugar. Its in a container on the counter, just tell them how many packets (I do 4, use 5 if you like it really sweet). My usual is the lychee coconut, but other goodies are the mango, mango coconut, melon, blueberry strawberry, passion fruit, and watermelon. Fresh taro is bad bad - tastes like a potato milk shake. The owner is usually there in the daytime, but all the ladies are super sweet and helpful if you have questions. Its the only place I've seen seed (preserved plum, ginger, mango, etc). They also have some great jerky in the case - also only place I've seen sweet pork jerky in town. Try 1/4lb if you've never had it, its seriously like pork candy!The only negative I can think of is that they do offer durian as an option, so the place will occasionally reek of durian. Its only happened a couple times but my coworker had to leave because of the smell. There's a reason durian is illegal in a lot of public places in Asian. Couple things to note - $5 min for credit cards and their business cards have stamps in the back. I can't remember if you get a free milk tea after the 9th or 10th drink.
4	I came with Yelper Scott W. after a UYE at Tofu Hut. I got the lychee coconut without boba. I don't remember there being little lychee jelly strings in it the first time I got it, but it made for nice texture in the drink. I never thought about coconut milk with lychee, but now I almost never want to get lychee but here as I like it a whole lot better. They're good when they get your drink right. They were kinda having a confusion with mine and Scott W.'s drink on which has boba and no boba. There's a language barrier so if you keep it simple, you're fine. If you start trying to ask if you can have milk tea on ice or whatever, no sugar, this that, then you may have an issue as I was forewarned by reading the reviews and seeing that they're just two old ladies that don't have proficient English skills. I still like this place as the taste is there.
5	Driving around Chinatown on my friend's birthday landed us in the Chinatown Plaza. Thirsty on a scorching day, boba was the only consolation we'd accept. Leaving No. 1 Boba Tea, the heat was easily forgotten about.The woman behind the counter was very cordial, welcoming us with the fact that they use fresh fruit in their drinks. After a few minutes of contemplating the extensive menu, I choose the Watermelon with Boba. Oh my dear lord, I have never had any Boba drink as delicious as that. It was as though I was eating a piece of watermelon - my drink was that fresh. The boba pearls were tender, well-cooked, and blatantly fresh.I have had my other go-to boba places prior to No 1 Boba, but after visiting here, this has surpassed all of them by miles.
2	typical Asian ran business. the drinks are ok, nothing to rave about. the service is no bueno.DO NOT get the avocado smoothie, after one sip, i tossed the thing in the nearest trashcan. Do try the lychee smoothie, it's refreshing and what earned this joint two stars!
5	This is the ONLY fresh fruit boba place that Ive been to around China town! The other places like tea station and volcano tea use SYRUP or powder! Most of the drinks even for a large are under 5 bucks! Cheap, chewy Boba! and Fresh Fruit! what else can you ask for?
3	Checked this place out since I wanted some boba.  This place is quick.  They offer a wide variety of fresh fruits.   l liked the Milk Tea with Boba and Lychee Jelly.  We all tried something different, Peanut Butter and Banana w/ no Boba, Red Bean w/ boba and Lychee and coconut w/ boba.  All were a hit.  Looking for something fresh on a hot day, recommend checking this spot out.I think they have a $5 min. if you want to use your credit card.
4	After the UYE at Mr Tofu I mentioned I was interested in wandering around Chinatown Mall and Jade W suggested stopping by here, I didn't need to be asked twice about trying a good Boba place.  I had a fresh, as apposed to a powdered, Mango Boba. It was delicious.  This place is a tiny shop in an indoor shopping area.  In addition to having fresh Boba they have a variety of dried fruits for sale.
2	Not sure why is there such high reviews for this location, but it's located in a strip mall. You will definitely miss it because you don't see any signs of it driving by but it's in the biggest plaza in Chinatown.  I got the durian smoothie but it taste watered down so I didn't like it at all.  My friend got the coconut taro.  That was ok in her opinion. Prices are about 4 dollars a drink.
5	Usually boba places use the powder for the flavor, but No 1 Boba Tea uses fresh fruit. I order the papaya with boba. The boba at the bottom of the cup is warm and when I shake it up with the papaya drink, it blends together. The flavor is yummy and the boba is just the right chewy consistency. I get the boba drink every time I am nearby. It is so yummy!
5	This place is rightfully named No. 1 Boba because they seriously have the number #1 best boba drinks! I got their papaya with boba and it was the freshest fruit drink I've ever had. I'm sad this place is all the way in Vegas but I'm glad I know about it now. They also sell candies and other goodies there too so you can get your snack and drink fix in one! I am dying to go back.
5	Large size mango and passion fruit boba rocked my world. Warm chewy pearls, very sweet and authentic flavor, pretty decent price... I just wish it wasn't so far!
5	Omg. So Good! This is definitely the No. 1 Boba in Las Vegas. Their boba is warm and gooey. Not hard. And all their flavors are from fresh fruits. Should definitely get the Watermelon. It's so good.I'm a big fan of taro but I think I prefer the sweeter Taro Flavoring vs natural Real Taro.
5	This the best Boba place by far in Vegas. My favs. Are fresh Taro and Jackfruit here.
5	IF NO.1 BOBA WAS A GOD I WOULD WORSHIP IT.  I told the lady @ Chinatown location how I rushed and pushed thru traffic from home so I could get my fix before closing. When I pick up my order, she hands me a card to inform me that my cozy little neighborhood has a NO.1 hidden in it.  What!?!  I am over the moon!  As long as NO.1 continues to use REAL FRUIT and FRESH INGREDIENTS and not POWDERS like the other guys, I am there!               I wish the rate bar offered hearts, too.
4	Plain and simple, this is one of the best places to get boba in Chinatown. In fact, it is probably the only place I'd go happily. They use fresh fruit to make their smoothies instead of powders (it's really a wonder why that's even acceptable). The boba is well cooked too - not hard and not overcooked. They also make delicious hot boba drinks, and will adjust the sugar content (this is a MIRACLE compared to many other places who use powder and have no way of reducing sugar) to your preference. Only catch is that it's about $4 - and they only offer one size. It can get a little pricey.There are benches where you can sit inside. It's just a little loud, as the blender is going on intermittently in the background.
4	Didn't realize what this place was until after I talked in and discovered that THIS, ladies and gentlemen, IS THE ORIGINAL BOBA PLACE IN LAS VEGAS.I remember coming here after long, long hours of Counterstrike playing at Evo back a decade ago. This place is known for its freshness and quality. For example, if you ask for a milk tea with shaved monkey brain - they'll literally go out into the jungle and capture it for your drink. Disclaimer: No, they don't sell monkey brain.They don't have a huge selection - but what they do have is really good plus really cheap compared to the other stores in the area.
4	I think I enjoyed this place more the first two times I had it, rather than now. However, they still serve great drinks and this is definitely the spot I hit when I'm craving boba in China Town. I come here so much my stamp card is almost full. Yes, everyone raves about the fresh fruit smoothies and I must say the mango is amazing! My friend ordered the banana strawberry and I had a sip of it and it honestly tasted like something I could wip up with my mom's blender at home. The milk tea is also good and the Thai Tea is just okay. Next time I'll try the taro to see how they compare with the ever so popular competitor located in the middle of China Town. The service here is a hit or miss, makes it kinda funny. There's this one lady with a pretty face whom I always see and she's really nice. However, some of the others have this whatever attitude.
4	I think this place has the best boba drinks. Simply because they use fresh fruit. None of that powder stuff.
3	With a name like No 1 Boba Tea, you really have high expectations. After eating at Noodle Pot, I really needed some boba, so walked over to the little plaza within the plaza ($18 foot massage upstairs!) and ordered a lychee smoothie. Friend got the pineapple. Lychee was delicious and I had little lychee jellies in mine along with my boba. The pineapple didn't have much flavor to it, unfortunately. Is it the best boba place ever? No. I think they were $3.50 each. But if I do need a boba fix while in Vegas, I'd stop in.
4	I love their cantaloupe slushes (especially now that the cantaloupe listeria is a thing of the past... er, I hope). The prices are not insane and the snack selection is pretty cool. Service has always been friendly when I stop in and the quality is consistently tasty!
5	This is DEFINITELY my Boba hot spot. Boba: I love their boba they use real fruits that they cut up there and blend freshly in front of you. The menu is very simple and there's a good amount of variety they offer. I love their Watermelon Slush, when water melon is in season I love going here because I get fresh watermelon juice in a slush form. Price: Cheap! Great value and healthy Parking: Its located in China town mall, so it shares a parking lot in China town plaza. The parking is huge so there's always room only precaution I'd say would be to be careful driving because Chinese drivers and pedestrians are ruthless here.
5	Wonderful place, great boba and great prices. Authenticity drips from everything they make :)
5	This shop was my first boba experience years ago. Since then, I have tried out different shops here and there, but this one will always stand out as my favorite. I love that they use real fruit in their drinks. Every one I've tried has been delicious, but the lychee coconut drink is like crack to me. Also what's cool is they'll mix flavors for you. The place has made a few changes throughout the years. Recently, they've remodeled their menu and added a new size- 32 oz I think? It'll put you in a boba coma- freaking awesome! Prices were raised a bit, but I don't care, their drinks are worth it. The owner is so nice and she always remembers me. Maybe it's because I look like a freak, though, I don't know. For sure check this spot out if you're in Chinatown. It's hidden in a little mall, and sometimes parking is a bitch, but it's worth the journey.
2	This place was so good before.. It was our go-to place for boba in vegas.. :(We walked in and I was so excited to see their new extra large size for drinks. Ordered two honey green teas with green crystal jelly.. Took a sip and immediately noticed this weird metallic taste. We're pretty sure it was from the green crystal jelly. It must've been old? Gross. We threw almost all of it away (and I NEVER waste my boba drinks..). Guess well have to find another place for good tea in Vegas..
5	The Crack Seed aisle along the wall guarantees weird smells but it's quickly forgiven. Why? Excellent boba (those dark tapioca balls at the bottom) drinks- taro and coconut is our favorite. It's so yummy. We came here on saturday and split the large one (32 oz). Get the stamp card, and earn a free one, eventually. The lady at the counter was very nice. There are a few tables inside to enjoy your treats. (Or head to diamond bakery and get some fresh baked goods, which is what we hit up first, in the center.) There is also a small selection of ice cream novelties in popular cartoon characters- scooby doo, sponge bob square pants, etc.
3	2.5 STARSFor a place that dares to call itself "No1 Boba", I was expecting the boba to be amazing. This was hardly the case. The boba tasted like it had been sitting there for awhile...With that being said, I got the mango smoothie. It was very refreshing. I saw the lady put in fresh mangoes :D For the price of $2.95, I have to say, not too shabby either.So next time you're in the mood for a nice fruit drink, this is the place for you. Just order whatever fruit smoothie and skip the boba (or opt for the jelly)!
4	They have solid fresh fruit smoothies and use hot tapioca which makes it very tender as opposed to other places that use room temperature boba that quickly turn hard in smoothies. I ordered the durian boba smoothie and it was quite tasty, but a bit skimpy on the fruit.
5	Love this Place. Come here a Few Times. Tried Few boba Drinks & all were good. Only neg Thing. I came here at least 10 Times. & Nobody Offered me the stamp Card. I had to ASK if they have One. Every 10 boba Drink is Free.
5	You have too try came in!
5	Went here for my first boba milk tea drink, and it did not disappoint! It was very good and the tapioca pearls were delicious! Will gladly come back!
5	This is one of the better boba places around Chinatown. I usually get a watermelon smoothie and it is definitely fresh watermelon. The dried prunes and such are great. The spicy dried guava is my favorite. The service and boba is usually pretty consistent for me. No complaints.
3	Living in Anchorage, I miss the days of heading over to my favorite NorCal boba shop and getting some passionfruit green tea boba.  So when I saw this place on my trip to Vegas last week, you bet I abruptly turned the rental car into the parking lot to get a boba fix.  But alas, I was not impressed.  I asked for the passionfruit tea boba with half-sugar since I'm not a fan of super sweet drinks.  Even with half-sugar the tea was ridiculously sweet, so sweet I didn't even finish it.  The actual boba were tasty - chewy but a little firm, just the way I like them.  So I fished around to get all the bobas and threw the rest of the tea away. Sigh.
5	I LOVE No. 1 Boba! I've been going here for years and I've never been disappointed. Their boba and fruit are always so fresh. The taro root boba, avocado smoothie and watermelon slush are my favorites -  they always hit the spot! It's the perfect summer treat. They have a variety of drinks to choose from, everything is customizable, reasonably priced and the staff is very friendly.
3	I had a little trouble finding this place within the chinatown mall setting amongst all of the other stores, and when we got there, I was kind of disgusted with all of the weird looking fishes they had on display. Despite that, they also had huge jars of strawberries on display that looked extremely appetizing. The people taking our order were kind of rude to be honest. They kind of ignored us for around 10 minutes even though we were ready to order. That seemed very inefficient to me because a huge line had formed and they weren't taking any orders.I ordered a peanut butter banana smoothie, and it was delicious. I've never had such a good combination at a boba place. The peanut butter wasn't overpowering, and the banana really shined through as well. It was the perfect balance. I will definitely want to try that combination again at other boba places in the future to see if it measures up. Overall, the service was slow and kind of rude, the place was pretty ugly aesthetically, but the boba was delicious. I will most likely be back if I'm in the area, otherwise, I'll stick to EasyLife Boba.
4	The drinks here are good, we had passion fruit w/ lychee jelly and coconut lychee w/ lychee jelly, we came back twice lolz
5	Wanna know why this place is called No 1 Boba Tea? Because they sell the No 1 Boba Tea!!! With jokes aside, this place sells the best boba tea because they don't blend you any powdered drinks or syrup. The fruit smoothies here are made from REAL fruit. In my opinion, its disrespectful for a boba tea place to serve you that powder/syrup garbage, because they probably would not serve that nonsense to their children, yet they serve it to others. The tapioca balls here are nice and chewy and not flaky like some other places. All in all, this is the best place to get boba tea in Vegas.
2	All I can say is if you are on a diet, this place makes their tea bubble too too too sweet !  I threw mine in the garbage because it was unbearably too sweet
4	If you're trying to find this place through google maps, just know that it's in the big orange-roofed Asian complex off Spring Mountain. if you're looking directly at the complex, this teahouse is located in the right corner, inside the shopping mall. Coming from Houston where we have a large Asian population and a boba teahouse literally on every corner, this has got to be the best place I've ever been to serving extremely fresh drinks! I always order honey-dew with boba at every location to test it out and make my judgements. Some places like to make it uber sweet and others like to add a lot of milk, all from the same powder formula. I've never had the most perfectly made honey-dew (slush) drink until I came here. Why? Because they actually blended real honey-dew rather than some powder/water/ice mixture. It's funny, when I asked the cashier if they use powder (to make sure to let them know in advance I don't like it too sweet), she gave me a disgusted insulted face like, "are you kidding me?!" Hahaha I love that..As for the store front itself, it's not very appealing to the commercial eye. It looks a little run down and definitely does not give that 'I want to study and be seen here sipping on my cool boba drink' vibe. But I dig it! It reminds me a lot of the motherland (Taiwan) with that AUTHENTIC boba drink. If you want something more hipster, go to Volcano Teahouse.Which brings me to why I gave it 4 stars instead of 5. I ordered the pineapple tea and that was WAY TOO SWEET, like so sweet that I got a sugar brain freeze with just one little sip. So if you're looking for teas, I'd highly suggest Volcano, if you're looking for fruit slushes, you have to try this place out FOR SURE! Oh and the boba was softer and squishier than Volcano's, but boba can change every day depending on how and when it's cooked in th day. I'm not too picky on that, unless it's hard...that's just gross.
5	Been coming here since 2000 for a reason. Tried many others but always went back there. i remember when I first saw the big tapioca balls. I was like I am not putting that in my mouth, but with encouragement I tried it, and now boba must have tapioca. Some places the balls are too hard or soft. It's always the just right.I've tried many different ones, and always taste fresh and cold, especially on a hot day. They have cuttlefish and other asian snacks to buy as well in the store. I used up there buy 10 get one free card more than any other place ever. Especially with a family of 6 now. ALl my 4 boys and my wife love that place!  I moved out of Vegas for good, and had to stop there one last time! When I visit Vegas in a few months. ILL BE THERE FOR SURE!
3	It makes me sad to write an update for this, removing a star rather than adding one. Since my last review, I have came back several times with only a week apart of each visit. It's like each time I come here, the drinks are getting worse and worse. So far, I've tried their honey dew, watermelon, canteloupe, mango, and papaya --all fruit slushes (non-dairy). Honey dew is my absolute favorite of all. The rest just weren't as memorable and definitely not something I'd come back here for. Well, I ordered my honey-dew again just a few days ago and maybe it's the fact that it's all fresh fruit and the season is just off that it's making the drinks taste really, REALLY bland. The customer before me even came back and asked to have her drink changed because it tasted like just water and ice blended (which is most likely true). The worker or owner seemed to give them a difficult time about remaking/reordering a new drink. I may have even overheard them saying there was a service charge to re-make a drink (what?). That left a bad taste in my mouth, but who knows, maybe they ended up doing it free of a charge after I left. I can't say that I would never come back to this place again because I still have hope! You just have to order the right drink, at the right season. How difficult right? It's so worth it when it's all perfect timing though.
1	I can't even begin to describe the TERRIBLE customer service here!! It was my first time there and I asked the lady behind the counter what was in the coconut milk tea and coconut milk (yes.. in hindsight it seems obvious..but I wanted her to tell me what each drink looked/tasted like) She gave me a dirty look and said "coconut" while tapping her pen impatiently. **Uh-huh** yes, I got that much from reading your menu that both drinks have coconut.. but is there anything else you can add to that description to help me decide? Is one sweeter/thicker/blended/over ice..etc than the other? So I raised an eyebrow at her response, but ordered the coconut milk tea and laughed it off as a typical asian place with hasty service. THEN when my drink came, I took one sip and it literally tasted like Almond syrup sludge. So I said.. "Um this is almond milk tea, I ordered coconut." First she says "no I wrote down here almond" and I stare at her and said "I asked you about the coconut drinks then ordered it, remember?." OH..this woman had the nerve to ask "OK, SO?" SOoOoO?! Are you insane? How can you run a business being this rude even for Chinatown? I gave her my best death stare and told her to give me what I ordered. It got to the point where another customer who she was chatting it up with was apologizing profusely for her attitude. (Later I found out that he was an owner at the noodle shop nearby). She finally shouted something into the kitchen staff and they handed over a new drink... which still tasted like syrup sludge...now in coconut flavor. Bottom line: gross sludge drink + rude service.. Go somewhere else for your boba!
5	Maybe my first or second time being to No 1 Boba still cant believe i havent come sooner or more often...looks like we gotta do more Mr Tofu UYEs!Real fruit used in their drinks, SUPER LARGE DRINKS for five bucks and twenty cents, AND their boba is perfectly chewy. Not much else i can say that others havent said already.I had the #51 Mango Passionfruit going to try the #50 Nelson Q's favorite the Lychee and Coconut next time. Of all the places that sell Boba in this little shopping center it's hard to compete with the quality of No 1 Boba. Maybe it's the fact that they close early and dont have snack foods...what ever with out those distractions they can focus more on the drinks.
5	Nestled in a corner of the China mall, No. 1 Boba is the only place I can't accuse of hyperbole or false advertising in regards to it being "Number 1."  Their fruit smoothies are made out of real fruit-- not syrup or powder like many other places.  Also, I have never had an experience where the boba tasted too hard or like they had been dried out.  My absolute favorite is the Avocado smoothie with boba.  I see them cut the avocado right in front of me.  Real food-- YAY!!!  Taro, lychee coconut, and strawberry banana are quite nice, but avocado has my heart.  They have three sizes: small, large (technically their medium) and super.  I'm normally filled to bursting with the large, so I've never had reason to get the super.  Lines can get long and these folks have customers to take and smoothies to make, so no, they don't coddle you by explaining what's in every single smoothie, but when you want boba, they get their fresh, tasty product to you cheaply and quickly which is what counts for me.  My advice would be to either wait around until it's slowed down to ask questions, or not to get in line until you have decided what you want.
5	Very authentic, very tasty. Easily the best boba I've had in Vegas, which is saying something
5	The only boba place I always go to.its always good and the service is great plus you can see them make it right in from of you.great prices too, I'm always satisfied.
3	Still yet another average boba place. I had the avocado slush with boba. it was good, quenched my thirst. but i wouldn't jump for joy saying man this is the sh**! It was good, small place, and they use real fruit/fresh frozen. that is a big plus. moderately priced. great place. inside chinatown plaza mall. so they don't get much clientele compared to volcano tea.
4	Gambling/Strip Clubs/Boba? Who knew this combination could ever exist!  However, after my recent trip to the China-Vietnam-town area, I have found a legit, cheap, and tasty boba/milk tea store.  And even though it's Vegas, which is conducive to a dulling of my senses/taste buds by alcohol and lack of sleep, I can attest that drinking 32 ounces of No 1 Boba tea's Green milk tea was enjoyable for all 32 ounces!   The cup looks like a Super Gulp from 7-11, and is probably enough for a family of 4 to share. While I initially scoffed @ the name of No. 1 Boba tea, I'm starting to believe it may really be the No 1 tea place in Las Vegas.....why?  Their menu is easy and fully diagramed with pictures, their location is within a mall and easy to find, their drinks are cheap and include taxes, and they actually make the drinks when you order then versus what Lollicup/Tapioca Express do (scoop it from a large vat)!  The only downside is that their store is indeed small in seating room (but it's to-go only really) but you don't have to tip!  They offer regular size around $3, large size about $3.50, and then SUPER size for about $4.25.  I got the super sized drink, which looking back was really risky because I could have bought a super-sized cup of garbage, but it's Vegas and you gotta go big or go home.  Their menu also includes a wide variety of smoothies, slushes, and standard teas. Generaly, for a first-time visit, it's always good to test out the "safer" drinks than something more exotic....because if a place can't make an easy drink well, the other ones probably taste weird too.    My gamble paid off and enjoyed my Green Milk tea (less sugar for more tea taste) on the 5 hour trek back to Los Angeles.  I shall return to No. 1 Boba tea  for their appropriately anointed drinks.
3	Kinda hard to find, but it's inside the main building in the Chinatown mall/plaza. The boba is pretty soft. Milk tea with boba is decent, 3.5/5. The price is average.
4	The location made me want to try it. Nestled away in the Chinatown Mall, and with several dry fruit snacks and gummies waiting to be bought all along the side wall, I figured I'd give it a try.I love their Taro Boba! I've tried a lot of their other flavors, and all were good, as well. Lychee-Coconut was very good, IMO, and so was their passion-fruit flavored green tea (if you're not feeling like a smoothie) Even better,you don't have to be in Chinatown to enjoy their boba! They have another location in the Target Shopping Center on Silverado Ranch and Eastern! (But, I do have to say I prefer this place much more.)
5	Fresh, tasty, and clean! Bobas are nice, soft, and not too chewy. Love!
4	Listened to the previous reviews and ordered an avocado smoothie. It was delicious!! The boba was just perfect. Bf ordered the matcha smoothie; while it still doesn't live up to his favorite matcha smoothie back in Vancouver, he said it was good.
5	Hands down the best Boba Tea I have ever had! I would hop on a plane right now just so I could come back to this place and order a peanut butter banana boba tea! That is all folks!
4	Anytime someone asks me about where I go for boba - this is it. Although, balls of starch aren't good for anyone. So I say "no boba, please."This is the only place I've seen that uses actual fruit in their blends. No powder unless otherwise specified. This is nice. Of course, it is sugary but most people like that. They will take it well when you say "no sugar, please." Is that just me saying that? Probably. Oh, and I say "no milk, please." I make them work hard.Avocado. This is the pinnacle of boba for me. I mean, lots of fruits and flavors are fantastic, but the avocado is the judge. Not gonna lie, though - it isn't what it used to be. It's a little more watered down. Whatever.They're nice. The same people for years and years work there and they will take care of you if you don't like your drink, or if you even drop it and cry.Speaking of crying - I almost did when I ordered durian. I should have known something was up when "are you sure?" followed up my request.
5	Wow best price for boba in vegas! Great quality and most for your buck!! The rumor is true the slushies are made w/ fresh fruit!!
5	Great boba at great prices!They also have super sizes, so you can order a 32oz for around $5!  Can't beat it price wise and quality wise.  This is what makes it my favorite spot in town.Plenty of choices to choose from (over 50?) so there is something for you.ONLY downside....they close SO EARLY for vegas!  I enjoy boba late night, but I think these guys close around 7pm, so I will very rarely be able to get in before they close.However, when I am craving early enough, this will be the spot to choose!
4	Great selection of teas & smoothies. Love the goodies and snacks as well. My father in law said his coffee was too sweet, but I'm sure they can tone down the sweetness if asked.
3	It was ok, it didn't wow me but I'd come back if I were in the area.
1	Never order the honey green tea.
4	Good local place for boba. Can get your drink with soy instead of milk. Service is quick.
5	The best boba in Las Vegas! favorites are coconut lychee and pinapple coconut
4	The only boba place I go to!
1	I tried the advocado smoothie here w/ boba. It was terrible didn't taste like real advocado just a green colored slush w/ advocado powder. We asked them to exchange it for something else and the lady looked at her co-worker and then glared back at us and said no returns, we have to buy another one.... I've had a lot of advocado smoothies around town and when its not made right the shop is always more than happy to remake it or replace it. They were just rude about it and wasn't happy to help us fix it. Lame, we will never be back. Just thot I'd give them a try with all the raves but yelp failed me today. This is a no go.
3	So we've been coming here since it first opened. It was really great a few years ago. I'm pretty sure this place has changed ownership and since my last visit about a week ago, I'd say the quality has suffered a little. I usually get the lychee flavored boba. They used to put pieces of lychee in the drink. No longer. It's just lychee flavored and that's about it. So I guess I have a hard time thinking that it's worth the $4 and some change it costs for a medium. They're still fast and convenient, but not as great at it once was.
5	My favorite boba place in Vegas!
5	fresh fruit used. quality is way better than other boba places. not a lot of places to sit though. none of that powder or syrup crap. excellent selection of dried fruits and asian candy.
4	Ever since I noticed that my (Tita) Shirley B. checks in here all the time, albeit the one on the other side of town, I've wanted to try this place.  She may not have known it, but I've adopted Shirley B. as my honorary Yelp auntie and if she likes a place, I know it must be good.  I came here after ramen with da boyz, Chad S. and Mel C., and the three of us can be directionally challenged at times, so we came in one car this time.  We still didn't find the place right away, but that may be due to us looking at all the other eating places in the Chinatown plaza.  After we found the right building and walked in and located No. 1, the menu was the next challenge; so many choices!  Tita Shirley always checks in and mentions #50, so that's what I got, too--lychee and coconut.  Now when I have boba, it's usually almond or Thai tea flavor, so this #50 was a brand-new experience, but Tita Shirley is smart and it was delicious, plus they don't skimp on the boba.  Service was quick and this place also sells all sorts of dried items:  e.g. strawberries, mangoes, olives, but also gummy worms--hah.    I'm a fan of No 1 Boba; my aunt never steers me wrong.
4	I was excited too get my Boba medal from Terri R. Yay! After meeting up for some ramen with Terri R and Mel C. we went for some Boba dessert. Unfortunately the last time we went for Boba could stay epic failure on my part getting lost. Thankfully this time around we all car pooled for the lost one. No 1 Boba Tea not exactly easy too find if your not looking for it. It located in Chinatown easy enough too find. It small store tucked in and around the corner in the back of the main building. Once you find Boba so worth it! Now no Boba expert but one thing I base my taste on is tapioca balls. Huge fan. The more more tapioca balls the better! At No 1 Boba Tea there is no shortage of tapioca balls! Nom Nom. They are so just right. Not hard but soft and tasty. You have options of three sizes (thanks too Boba Medal =)) went BIG. Nothing left too. The selections at No 1 Boba Tea are plentiful and sure there flavor for anyone #1-50. I decided too go for the #47 Strawberry and blueberry. It was awesome! I could really taste the fruit. The previous two times had Boba it was much sweeter in taste or little overkill for me. I found this Boba lot more refreshing. It felt more like fruit smoothie with tapioca balls. They also have whole side of different dried fruits and more that pick/choose pay by the price per lb. Sure all locals get this shout out. I SWEAR felt like at crack seed action just instead of jars came in containers. I had too try something so went with the honey dried strawberry. Talk about great healthy snack and went well with the Boba. No 1 Boba Tea really good and sure new favorite spot for my Boba fix. I will be coming back doing best knock down all #50. Lol! No 1 Boba Teas 50 list!! Who in???
4	Since moving here, I've been on that quest for some good boba. I remember sending a few messages to Yelpers around Las Vegas asking where to go.  I got a mixed bag from Easy Life, Icy Juicy, and anywhere in Chinatown.  When you're stumped about a place, all you have to do is recognize where some of your Yelp friends go.  So Shirley B comes to mind because she always checks in to No 1 Boba Tea. We all know her favorite based on her reviews and check in comments "No 50 for Shirley B". That's "Food for Her".  Me, T-Elite, and Sugi decided to check this place out since it's close to our favorite ramen stop.No 1 Boba is known for their fresh fruits. I decided on a different route.  Disclaimer alert...I'm not into real fruit drinks or smoothies with boba.  Something about fruit that I just can't stomach.  When it comes to boba anything, I go for the Caramels, Coffees, and Peanut Butter Bobas.  I like Taro too since it reminds me of Ube but chose No. 49 which is their Peanut Butter Banana with boba.  No. 49 fits me perfectly minus the banana of course.  When I think of the number 49, I think of the best NFL team in history. I think of five Lombardi's.  I'm also reminded that no one has it better than us.  Now, 49 is my go to boba drink at No 1 Boba Tea.  Really good, creamy, and the sheer size of these drinks are outstanding. You can taste the peanut butter throughout and if you're a PB lover, then this needs to be your pick too.  No 1 Boba also has a wall of dried fruits, which you are not allowed to pick at.  With my allergies to fruit, this is a no no.  I call this the Wall of Death.  But all you fruit lovers, help yourself.  As for my favorite boba spot, still unsure.  There's still more to try out here in Las Vegas. I've tried many so far and No 1 Boba is leading the way.  I don't mind going on this search for my one stop boba shop.  Just remember  "I'm not paying for dinner".
5	Oh yeah! That coconut smoothie boba (#25 I think?) was A.MAZING. I can totally see that doing the trick in the middle of the summer when we're melting. I asked lady behind the counter which was better, the coconut milk tea or the coconut smoothie. She said smoothie. Right on, little lady. I love anything coconut and will be ordering that one many more times, I'm sure. Perfect coconut flave and perfect ratio smoothie-to-boba.
3	Well, based on reviews, I had high hope for this place.  Sadly, it's pale in comparison to other places that I've been to before.  I ordered the Taro bubble tea, my usual.  I just can't pin point where the miss is.  The bubbles are fine and soft.  Just something is missing.  I hope this is not the best that Vegas has to offer.
5	This is my go-to place for boba.Its a small place tucked away inside the Chinatown mall. The place gets extra props for being one of the few boba joints to actually use fresh fruit. Many of the other places simply use powder or some pre-made mix =(, but number definitely holds it down with some real fruit thrown in the blender. Now don't get me wrong, those giant bags of sugar behind the cash register are not just there for decoration.They have a great selection of smoothies in 4 different sizes. My fave - strawberry and banana actually tastes like what its supposed to. They have plenty of add-ons like green/coffee jelly, boba (of course) and more. The biggest size being about $5 bucks makes it a decent deal compared to the other smoothie shops in Chinatown.No. 1's small shop serves up more than just smoothies and boba. They have a limited selection of Viet sandwiches, and a bulk food section. Most of the bulk food is different Asian delicacies and of course you pay based on weight. Keep in mind that you have to hit $5 to pay with credit card - just like every other place in Chinatown.
5	The name of this place does not lie, it truly is the #1 boba place in town.
5	My go to place for boba!! Their prices are really worth it. Their large is like a 32 oz and it's $4.25, there's no going wrong with that! They use real fruit and there's something about the boba they use in thier drinks. No matter how long you leave it's in there it doesn't get hard, it's always soft and chewy. Mmm..
4	If I could,I want to rate4.5 stars here.I used to go to Volcano Boba before my friend recommended this place!What I love is they use an actual fruit in my smoothie ;) and we can ask them to make it less suger if you think its too sweet!My favorite is Avocado smoothie w/Boba!!! LOVExxx
3	Had the almond milk tea for approx $4 for the large. Good: not as sweet as usual almond milk teasBad: thicker than usual and lukewarm in temp made it kind of taste funny, boba tasted like it was prepared in the morning and had been sitting out all day
2	My bf recommended this place cause he used to go here back when he was in high school, he remembered it being good. We came here and I got the milk tea and him the Choco slush. Unfortunately, the bf and I were fairly disappointed because both of them had an incredible powder taste.
3	I appreciate places that use real fruit in their boba, they're few and far inbetween.  I would not say this is the best place howeverCoconut Lychee- light and refreshing.  I like that there's no dairy to potentially give me the runs.  the boba was warm, which I like, however it was undercooked, the center was still a bit hard and starchyPassion fruit with lychee jelly- was OK like the juice you find at grocery stores, but lychee jelly at the bottom was TOO sweet and syrupy.  i felt like a cavity was forming as i sipped on it.i would have to say this place is only a-OK
3	I was looking for this place in the little plaza where the Chinatown mall is, but it's actually INSIDE the Chinatown mall.The BF and I ordered a "Super" sized blended taro boba. The consistency was a little odd. Normally blended boba has a slurpee like consistency, but this one was really creamy. In fact, it was OVERLY CREAMY which made the boba very DENSE. I took like 3 sips not wanting to waste it, but I immediately felt full. I think they use actual TARO puree as opposed to the artificial stuff. It was just something I wasn't used to. I guess using actual taro is good, but it just didn't hit the spot for me. Although the taro boba wasn't a hit for me, I would be willing to try another one before I totally write them off.  FYI - there's a boba shop a little further down from this place that offers BOGO free on their Thai tea boba and milk tea boba, not sure how it compares to this place though.
3	$3.50 for a large boba milk tea. The milk tea was on point! Too bad the boba had that old, soggy feel :(
5	Best boba in town! They even have games in the restaurant to play with kids! LOVE this place.
4	Cheap boba located inside the Chinatown plaza....* Small joint with a few tables.  Pretty good selection of drinks to choose from.  I was pretty surprised to order the small size and it looked like a large for only a few bucks! If your order is less than 5 bucks, pay with cash so you don't get charged the extra 50 cents with the plastic.* Taro milk tea with boba- my usual standard so I know how I like my taro.  This one is more on the sweet side and kinda thick.  Good overall if is was just a lil less sweet.* Mango slush with boba- this was really good.  They use real fruit so points in my book for boba places that do this.  Refreshing.* They also have some food here but I didn't try it.
5	I always come here for a boba with fresh fruit usually banana and strawberry  . Also try the avacado boba awesome! The very best place for boba on Vegas
4	Yelp 100 Challenge * 99/100 Temps went up to about 104 degrees on Tuesday and what better way to cool down than a Boba. While my mom and I walked through Chinatown Mall (Spring Mtn. And Arville), we took notice of No. 1 Boba after having walked passed it the past 4 years. Mommy is a big fan of avocado and I'm a sucker for smoothies so naturally, we got the large avocado smoothie with Boba added in for no extra charge. The place felt like one of my favorite dessert shops back in Hong Kong. Real fruits were used and you could tell that the flavors were not artificially enhanced or doused in sugar. Take some time to sit back and skim through their menu. They've got one/two-flavored slushies, smoothies and juices that come in 3 different cup sizes. Mind you, the super large ones were humongous, enough for 3 people if you don't have that big of a stomach.
3	The boba was excellent. While waiting for my drink I was invited to try the snacks and had some rancid dried ginger. Gross. Also, they had nothing except soy milk and dairy creamer. Almond and coconut milk are musts for drink purveyors these days. Gotta have it.
2	Crossed my fingers for good boba in Vegas and this was the first place I go to. I figured with this many reviews and 4 stars, it had to be amazing right? So I drove to Chinatown, parked near the Chinatown Mall, and went off to search for the place.When searching for the place, it's camped out in the back of the mall, so don't expect it to be in the front just because there's a sign at the mall that tells you where you can find it.When I came in, I ordered a Honeydew slush, which I assumed would be good, because I tried plenty of boba places in California when I lived there. When I ordered, I misheard the lady and thought she was charging me 6.95 for a second. Maybe it was the accent, but it really threw me off. When I gave her 7, she looked at me and laughed, then told me it was 3.95, not six. I swore, I heard six originally, but of course, this isn't part of the review, just filler.Once things were cleared up, I left a dollar for tip and just sat there for a bit before getting the slush. It seems they also offer more than just tea, but an arrangement of candy and bakery goods as well, but I didn't buy any of it.When I got the slush, I took a sip and drumroll please!......It was absolutely mediocre. Sure, it wasn't too sweet or anything, but the texture wasn't smoothed out at all. There were frequent fragments of the drink that I wouldn't have an issue elsewhere. There was barely any flavor and it made me miss California. I think they're known for other drinks? However, in terms of their Honeydew slush, I would never order it again and I might want to be more safe and try out another place.I keep on hearing it's great for the boba, but as a person who mainly goes for the tea itself, I don't order anything with boba.I'm sorry, maybe I'll try it out with a different set of employees, but I felt let down and mislead by the name of the place.
4	Excellent real fruit smoothies. Fresh soft boba too. The Thai tea is very flavorful and strong!!
4	I used to go to a different boba spot in Desert Inn then after my trip to Hong Kong and Taiwan, I could not look at milk tea the same way again. But after months of living life without boba milk tea, I was willing enough to try this place. Located inside Chinatown Plaza Mall, I realized I've actually been here years ago but since it's inside the mall, it was more like an out of sight out of mind thing.I had a jasmine milk boba tea and also tried orange passion fruit slush with boba. Imagine warm and soft black balls in your mouth that stay warm and soft even when soaked in an ice-cold drink for minutes. MMMmmm...I try to stick to milk teas because they're not as sugary as slushie drinks. I found the orange passion fruit slush to be too sweet. If I ever get slush, I normally get honeydew. Yum!They do use real fruits in their slush. They only take cash. They have 3 drink sizes with plenty of flavors and drink types to choose from.
4	Me and my family love this place!  we love bobas, all flavors !!!! my favorite is the avocado, tarot, coconut, and mango.   My kids loves the avocado too!   everytime we go grocery shopping for seafood at the Ranch Market we go here afterwards for Bobas to go.
2	I had been craving boba for the longest time since I moved to Vegas but there are no boba joints near where we live. Since we were in the area, I yelped this place hoping my craving would be fulfilled.I am very disappointed in my experience! I ordered the lychee coconut and my husband had the strawberry slushie. My drink consisted of 'flavor' only from the lychee jelly and nothing more. Furthermore, the boba was very tasteless and soggy! The drink could have definitely done without the boba. After finishing the jelly in my cup, my drink was even more bland now. My husband said his drink was just ok, nothing special.I gave this place two stars because the prices are pretty cheap. Other than that, this place has some of the worst boba I have had in my life......very disappointing.
4	ULTRA FRESH BOBA !Nestled in a pod of very good casual restaurants such as Las Cazuelas Mexican Food and Windy City Beef N' Pizza is a very popular boba tea shop. Within several intersections radius are several other of my most favorite 90 second pizzeria, Thai and Shabu restaurants. Throw in a Target and my Green Cleaners, and I'm crazy happy as can be.I'm assuming that it's healthier to be milk teas drinker, but we opted for the denser and more calories smoothie with the gelatinous bobas. Ordered and shared the Taro during our first visit and the Avocado the following day.  Wherever we try smoothies they're our first two choices for flavors. The avocado has the edge over the taro... it's a personal preference. Both are still very good tasting.Not overly sweet, fairly dense and consistent and extremely fresh bobas.  Not going to drive all over the valley to save a dime or quarter, but I thought their prices were very reasonable. Too bad the dim sum nearby sucks big time. Oh well, can't have everything perfect.If you use a credit card, there's a nominal service charge of 35 cents.  That's fair to me.
5	Come here for the best boba period...only at this location though..I know there are a couple different locations but this is the original and the best
5	favorite las vegas boba shop! i always go for the black sesame flavor.  the boyfriend always wants to have some so i went for the 32 oz! Whoa baby!Either way they have over 20+ flavors and its made fresh on the spot. I love it!
3	I love their milk tea with coconut jelly but their chicken viet subs was sooo salty I took one bite and threw it away :(
5	I consider myself a regular customer. I love getting drinks here whether it's milk tea, a smoothie, slush, or a hot drink. Love the freshness of the drinks. This is my favorite place to get a fresh fruit drink!
5	This is my favorite place for boba in Vegas. Everything is so fresh. It will be your lucky day if Kevin is working that day because he can make you one if his special bobas with whatever is fresh that day. The staff is always friendly too whether it's just open or closing time. My favorite is the avacado boba
4	When I made a wrong turn and saw Tea Station I realized I hadn't tried any of the boba in Vegas. Don't know why I chose this place because there are a lot of boba places around here but I'm glad I did. The drinks are very reasonably priced and the flavor was really fresh and good. I got a taro and almond milk tea and was very happy with both. What I didn't care for was the boba. The other reviewer was right, it was flavorless and soggy. The wait time wasn't too bad and everything was clean. Customer service could be a little better but I rarely go to tea shops and get great service so that's the norm I guess. I will be back to try the fresh fruit smoothies!
4	Good boba with a wide variety of flavors and juices to add to your mix. If you're in the area and appreciate a good boba,  definitely consider stopping by!
5	This is the BEST boba (bubble) tea and smoothie place I have ever been to EVER.  Definitely the best in the US.  This place ALWAYS uses FRESH FRUIT and the SELECTION and VARIETY is AMAZING!!!
4	So happy to find a boba place in Vegas! Their boba is definitely number 1! It was so soft. I typically don't like ordering boba with my drink, so I didn't get it here, but I tried my friend's boba and I wish I did get it! I ordered a taro smoothie from looking at the recommendations and it was pretty good. It wasn't too sweet, which I liked. But what I loved even more is their thai tea that my friend got. It was so creamy and I can still taste their tea, I wish I did get that!
5	The best milk tea in Vegas. They always use fresh handcut fruits for the other menu items. Other of my favorites are the strawberry, mango, and the almond milk tea. The staff are always polite and friendly. They also have stamp cards which you can redeem for a free drink. This is always my go to milk tea boba place.
4	Tried the coconut milk tea from here and thought it was just OK. It's definitely better than most places I've tried but not the best. I liked the consistency of the boba but the drink itself was like frothy but didn't seem blended well (but then again I did go right when they were closing). I do like the fact that they offer a "super" size cup for only $4.95. If I'm ever in the area craving boba, I'd consider this place!
5	Love this spot. Their prices are cheap and their boba tastes really good
5	First thing first. If this is your first time visiting this boba place, don't waste your time going around in circles reading the restaurant signs. Park your call near the mall/plaza entrance because its located INSIDE the mall on the 1st floor, on the RIGHT side.Second, I'm not a fan of boba in general. I also don't have sweet tooth. This place make drinks that a tad bit too sweet for me, but I think it should appeal to the general public. Those who don't have sweet tooth can ask for less sugar I think.we got there after we had lunch, so I only ordered the small one (starbucks wise, the size is between grande and venti). My friend got the biggest one.. its twice as tall as grande cups. Lol I think they're pretty cheap tho.. considering the size and they use fresh fruits (at least for my durian smoothie)Lol yes, I did order a durian smoothie.Yes, they use real fruits for it.Yes, the fruit is effin expensive, so idk why they use it but I'm not complaining. LolYes, I know its made with real fruit, cuz duhhh you can tell!! As soon as they turn the blender on, everyone in that little cafe could smell my order. Lol artifical flavoring doesn't emit smell THAT strong. HahahAnd yes, I almost got kicked out of the car for ordering and having the nerve to bring it inside the car lolI have no regrets tho.. it was THAT good. :)Will be back next time I'm visiting Vegas (which is pretty often, considering my love-hate relationship with this place...)
4	Number 1 boba is so good! Their quality makes up for the fact that it is kind of hard to find, and it only accepts cash, and the people who work here are not very friendly. I always get the avacado smoothy with boba-16oz. Not because I couldn't finish a larger one...it's cause I could finish a larger one...no problem, no help needed.I think the boba here is the best in Las Vegas, soft, chewy and delicious. Will be back next time I'm on the other side of town
5	This cafe is my absolute favorite in all of Las Vegas! They make their smoothies with fresh fruit.  You can truly taste the difference between the cheap sugar powder that some of the other boba cafes use and their fresh ingredients.  The cafe may appear small, but the quality & taste is unbeatable.
4	Best boba place in Las Vegas don't let the other boba places in this area screw you and then they put a bunch of artificial crap in you're drink. This place is kinda hidden it's at the right rear corner of the little shopping mall. You get more boba here for the same price as other places within a 3 minute walking distance.
5	I have been to their location in Henderson but finally got to check out No 1 Boba in Chinatown. I love their use of natural ingredients and find their boba to be perfection. I'm glad I came by with a friend of mine who's a regular because I had no idea where they were located. A little inconvenient because you have to walk through the little mall to get there but they are worth it and much less expensive and tasty than any of the other boba spots I've tried in Vegas. Glad to know where they are located and I'll be frequenting this location from now on.
5	Boba milk tea is amazing
5	Wow.  I am a fan.  Stopped by this past weekend.  The only challenge is making a decision as they offer soooo many options.  Great taste and value.  Not much more you could ask for.
5	definitely no 1 boba tea... love their durian boba tea.. came back next day and bought two more.. yummmmyy
5	Really nice people good boba. Had the milk tea, thai tea and avocado shake. All were pretty good
3	As I waited in line to place my order for boba, I overhear this series of questions to the cashier:"So, what is boba?  Is it a bean? Are there any health benefits to this? Will it make me any younger if I drink it?"And as these questions are being asked, all my friend and I could do was look at each other and chuckle a little bit.  I'm surprised the lady behind the counter was able to keep such a straight face.  Really?  Go read the sign outside that gives you a brief about what boba is.  Don't waste our time!With a name like NO 1 BOBA TEA, it's hard not to have high expectations for the drinks served here.  We had just finished a successful session of shopping at the outlets, and the thirst was so very real.  I ordered a Cantaloupe slush with boba.  I was really hoping for something a little sweeter.  Unfortunately, it seemed the cantaloupe flavor got watered down, probably with too much ice and not enough flavor added to the mixture.  They also do not skimp on the boba.  They give loads and loads of boba.  They're boba is a little more chewy than i usually enjoy my boba. Dang, reading that last paragraph, I almost feel like I'm being a boba snob.  Actually, this whole review is turning out that way.  But I stand by my opinion.  It's an OK boba place, but definitely not number 1, at least in my books.
4	No. 1 Boba Tea is a bit hidden.  The shop cannot be seen from the parking lot.  They are worth finding though.If you like mangoes, then you must try their Mango Smoothie with Boba.  They use real mangoes to make it.  Not syrup or powder like most places!  According to my wife, the only negative about this smoothie is that they do not put enough boba inside.Had to knock them off a star because the Avocado smoothie was too watery.  No other complaints.  The prices are reasonable.  Service is not great, but not bad either.   The few tables inside were clean.Yeah, we are fans.  Will continue to come back for the Mango smoothie.  I'll probably try the Papaya next time.
5	Its definitely #1 boba! Love the drinks here plus the bobas are always made to order! Its a long wait line but definitely worth it!
3	Hidden within the large Chinatown shopping strip, you actually have to go in to the small mall area to get to it. Reasonably priced boba tea, I had the milk tea with boba and it was good! They have a large selections of drinks and offers them in 3 different sizes. Overall, it's a good stop if you're craving boba in the Chinatown area of Las Vegas.
5	I would have updated this sooner, but I hadn't been back since 2011. What the...I was pretty much right across the street at lunch today and I decided to give these guys a whirl again. I picked the large (24 oz.) taro smoothie with boba, which is a nice value at $3.95 (standard boba and tax included). The boba pearls were nice and chewy, a huge contrast from my experience at their Henderson outlet (never again, darn you). I can't really validate their claim of fresh ingredients, but I will say that the taro did not taste overly sweet. Price-wise, there is really no reason to ever order the 16 oz small size at $3.50 when you get one and a half times as much for just a little bit more.[UPDATE] I went back the next day for the mango smoothie with boba. It took one taste to learn that they certainly use real mango in this concoction. Not only that, but a serendipitous failure to blend the product perfectly resulted in me chewing on a bit of mango as I was enjoying the smoothie. Volcano Tea House in the same plaza just can't match this, and I will be back if I possibly can.
4	Finally a boba place that serves a 32oz cup! It was amazing! No hesitation there! My bf had their fresh mango slush, it was really good. (I had some too) Of course I ordered my usual, passion fruit green tea with mix jelly and tapioca pearls. The pearls were perfect. Not too chewy or too soft. They added only a little bit of ice too, which is good because some places put too much in and give too little of the real stuff.
5	I'm not sure if I should be happy or upset that I found this place. I can only get a taste of their bomb drinks when in Vegas. Thanks to Yelpers' tips, I ordered the mango slush with boba and jelly. Having had countless slushes, I never knew they are supposed to taste this way using real fruit. The lady at the counter was super kind. There was a line of people waiting, but it was oh so worth the wait. By far the tastiest, most refreshing slush I have had.
5	Never had fresh fruit in boba. It was pretty delicious.  The boba was pretty good also.  The place across the way has buy one get one free lol
5	I happened upon this shop by chance and I'm glad I did! I was initially ordering boba from volcano tea, when their card machine had gone down. Needing cash to pay for my drinks, I wandered inside the plaza and found this place and thought, "why the heck not?" There was only one person ahead of me and the lady at the register was very nice and offered to bag my drinks for me cuz I looked to be in a hurry.I ordered a honeydew with boba for my boyfriend, and a cantaloupe slush with boba for myself. I was more than surprised to learn that they used fresh fruit for all of their smoothies! Their drinks taste so fresh and delicious and are a hundred times better than the crap you get from other boba places that uses powder drink mix.I will never get boba from anywhere else but this place. I love it and am telling all my friends about it!
5	Every time we visit Vegas we come here for a boba milk tea as a special treat. The ladies at this store are always nice and the teas come out very quickly, even if there's a line.
3	Solid boba. Love how this place is nestled in the Chinese market shops.Ordered two boba drinks, the #1 (how could I not? it's milk tea btw) and the #27 black sesame slush.Employees were efficient despite language barrier. Store itself also sells variety of fruits and drinks, and other Asian snacks. Drinks were made to order but wait was not particularly long. Service with a smile.Drinks themselves were great" lots of flavor, perfect boba was soft and chewy, consistency of both drinks were what they were supposed to be. Friend commented that his milk tea was a little sweeter than what Volcano makes, but in a good way. I appreciated that the black sesame slush wasn't icy.Though the product was fine, I don't know that I'll stop here in particular again consider there are so many other boba places nearby to try. Nothing stood out here, and I am not in need of the other products they sell.
5	I've had good Boba & I've had not so good Boba, this is the real deal. All fresh fruit ingredients, tons of great flavors to pick from. I had the passionfruit, it was soooo good. Real fruit taste and so refreshing. Yum yum yum. Next time I visit I want to come back and try more.
4	If you ever need to get a hydration fix and you're craving boba or smoothies, then definitely give this place a try!We ordered the durian smoothie and mango slush. My boyfriend was disappointed with his as he thought that it tasted a bit diluted and we guessed that it was because they probably used a bad batch of durian for him. I actually enjoyed my mango slush. You can tell that they use real fruits in the drinks. I could taste the mango fibers in the drink and they do not add any refined sugar!They accept credit cards, which is a plus. No 1 Boba Tea is conveniently located in the big Chinatown building. The people there are friendly too.
5	My favorite place to have boba in Las Vegas. I've written a lot of reviews for this place, but it's justified because of the friendly people who work there. My favorite person there is Kevin. He can always make the best boba out of the freshest fruit that is brought in daily. Kevin is always so happy and smiling, looks like he just came from the dentist. I'll be back again
4	So my friend and I happened to wonder around the 99 Ranch plaza and we noticed this boba place in this mysterious Chinatown Plaza Mall. Hey it's "No 1" Boba Tea, so it gotta be the best boba right?Of course not, what was I thinking? However, at least this place uses the real fruit. Papaya slush ($3.5 - tax and boba included): Just a regular boba - pretty average. With that being said, I do enjoy this drink. It was the right balance of sweetness and iciness. Not only that, the price INCLUDES tax and boba - now that's something California boba places can learn from No 1 Boba.Good slushy drink, average boba, and decent price. A solid 3.5-stars. P.S. - No1 Boba Tea also sells various Asian snacks (e.g. Japanese mochi, Taiwanese beef jerky, etc)
5	Best boba in Las Vegas! They use fresh fruit and you can definitely taste the freshness.
5	Absolutely the best boba smoothie I've  ever had! With their vast variety of flavors, I got the biggest size in mango passion fruit and could taste the fresh fruit in it. And I couldn't complain about the price only paid $4 for their biggest size! Most definitely  my favorite place.
1	We ordered a jasmine green tea just to try it out, and it tasted like straight sugar. Didn't taste like it had tea in there at all!!! If you can't make a simple jasmine green tea correctly, then you might as well give up!!
5	My favorite boba place in VEGAS! I have been going here for years and there is just something about their drinks that I love. I have tried probably every single boba place in Southern Nevada and this is still the best one!They use fresh fruits and you can see them cut it up when they blend it in front of you! You can see the drinks being made when you order and the boba is fresh out of the oven. Every time I get boba, the tapioca is always chewy and warm... makes the perfect combination with the cold smoothie!This store also has an dried fruit and seafood snacks. They sell by weight so you can order as little or as much as you want and can even mix different assortments of fruits and candies. They also have dried cuttle fish and dried squid you can order to eat as a snack with your delicious and fresh drink!As for me, I always order the same thing. I have probably tried all the flavors and the best one that I like is the coconut slushie with lychee jelly and NO boba. It is so refreshing to me and I crave it every summer especially with this hot Vegas heat!Give it a try and let me know what you think!
4	Great fresh fruit smoothie! Bobas were a bit over boiled for my liking, but the strawberry blueberry smoothie more than made up for that. I will be returning the next time I'm in town.
4	i love , love, love matcha boba !
5	I really liked this place! My boyfriend and I went on lunch as I have become addicted to boba. I've always loved tea but boba has become my new addiction. My boyfriend got the peanut butter banana smoothie with boba and I got the lychee black tea with boba.The service was quick and they were friendly. I didn't realize that this place was in a mall so parking was kind of hectic. We walked in and found the store fairly quickly and ordered our boba. The placed seemed very busy compared to the rest of the mall! We waited for about 6 or 7 minutes before we got our drinks and started walking around the rest of the mall before heading back to our car.I like lychee and I like lychee flavored things but this drink was just too sweet for me. If you LOVE lychee, and I mean love it, then I would definitely order the lychee black tea. I wouldn't have minded it if it wasn't so sweet. I tried my boyfriend's and it was AMAZING. So good. I could drink gallons of it. I mean, it would take me a while but I would do it!I want to try a peach green tea next time or a smoothie but we will definitely be coming back! They were quick, the prices were good for how much you get, and they have a huge variety.
5	When I want perfectly prepared boba I come here :D I've been going here for 13 yrs now, and it's still the best boba place in Vegas, so far. They use fresh ingredients, fresh fruits, and their tapioca balls are just right, nice mild sweetness, with just the perfect level of softness and chewiness... Yum!My favorites:Watermelon with BobaPapaya with BobaGreen Apple with BobaThai Tea with BobaMilk tea with BobaDid I mention they use real fresh fruits! And their tapioca balls are theee best in town!
5	Sorry it wasn't that good. "It's fine" she says. The one sentence that is terrible for every situation. Using boba as an example, "Sorry the boba wasn't that good", "It's fine". Dreadful! My old favorite boba shops have really gone downhill this past year and it's always been "its fine", what choice do I have? RIGHT? Well sometimes you just gotta go back to your humble beginnings. No 1 Boba Tea has been around since I was hustling trading cards in elementary school by the dumpster at the recess area. A lot of times we get lost in the hype and all the new players joining the table forgetting how we got there. Memories of my mom taking me here after buying groceries at 99 Ranch Market surge into my brain with every sip. Or even when there was an ARCADE in the plaza. It is honestly not too hard to forget a place that is inside an inconspicuous "mall" that sells the most random things and with no real signage. I'm not sure what overcame to me come back here, but probably under the assumption that I was tired of the stale cup, icy service, hard life, overpriced station, and cafe don't tease me offerings. There is definitely light at the end of the tunnel homies. The Hokkaido Milk Tea was the savior that pulled me out of the rubbish. It is brown sugar and honey like milk tea that made me a believer. The comical little sign on their cart that tells you their fruit is not for sale and strictly for making drinks tells me that their is real fruit in my drink. High fives for real watermelon smoothies! It's on the cheaper side too, and you can even get your obesity sized  32 oz boba as an offering (holyshetttttt 1 liter of Hokkaido Milk Tea = Sweet Heaven!) The little Chinese speaking ladies are adorable and theres no fee for credit cards.
3	I liked the variety of flavors that this place offered from peanut butter banana to cantaloupe although I haven't tried them, just thought it was unique. I always get my favorite flavor of boba tea which is taro and this place made it just okay. The taste wasn't as flavorful as I like. The upside to this place is that you can get a super size cup which is huge for the same price you would get a large anywhere else.
5	Best boba in town. It was my go-to when I lived here and I cannot visit LV without coming here. Seriously...do yourself a favor and order the Avocado Black Sesame with boba. It's insane.
5	This is honestly my favorite boba place in all of Vegas. You can't really hang out with friends and play games here but you get the best smoothie/boba drinks. They have a wide variety of smoothies to choose from and you can mix and match whatever fruits you want. Prices are very reasonable, about $3.50 for a regular size, extra for boba/jelly. I don't get the boba because I don't really like them but I do always get the jelly. Service is good enough.
4	Where else can you get a 32 ounce Boba drink?! :) Right here at No. 1 Boba!!!  My favorite is the lychee slush with boba. There are bits of lychee in there which is nice. Ingredients are fresh, boba is cooked just right,  service Is quick and prices are reasonable.
5	There boba is the best in Vegas i love their boba i go here mostly every weekend so delicious,but one of the workers can be very rude sometimes. Other than that their boba is the best (:
2	I got a taro boba.  I didn't know they used real taro.  it gave my drink a grainy and starchy quality to it.  wasn't a huge fan.  I mean, cool to have real taro, but not if you're going to make my drink like potato pancake dough.  also got some dried preserved cherries.  they were ok.  not the best I've had, but not bad.
5	Amazing Boba Made WITH Fresh fruit. A must try. I got the pineapple coconut Boba and was very impressed the ladies were friendly also
5	I love this shop! Okay, I am not a boba expertise but I can say it is delicioso.  I like to try different flavors every time. I tried avocado, milk tea, watermelon, green apple, matcha, etc. Honestly I drive 30 minutes just to get me some boba. I believe the name calls for its self. It is no1 boba. Prices are fair. I loveeeeeeee it!
1	Been going here for so long and I didn't have cash at that time. They told me that the minimum is $5. So I ordered super size boba for $4.98 and they still won't take it. I told them plus the 8% tax, it sure will be $5. They said no.Typical cheap Chinese business owner.
4	My fav boba place... I love this place but the short chubby lady there is hella rude... but I love them so much that her rudeness can't shoooo me away... I always get the GIGANTIC 32oz. Boba thai tea with coffee jelly...
4	I came here because they use real fruit. We got a watermelon and a honey dew slush. We didn't get boba because last time I came here I didn't like the boba too much. It was too hard for my liking.Two 16 oz drinks cost us $7 total. It was soooo worth it. The watermelon and Honey dew were amazing. I just wish we got a bigger size! So refreshing. Can't wait to try other flavors.
5	Love this place,always greeted when you walk in and the boba is on point, i've tried several other boba spots in town and this one takes the cake,personal favorite: cocunut with lychee smoothie
4	Best boba place i've been to in vegas so far price and taste wise. Always getting a super size since its only less then 6$.
1	Used to come here 7 years ago on a daily basis when I was in love with boba.  Think they might have changed owners since.   I ordered the Green Milk Tea Boba.  It had an odd weird sweet flowery taste to it.  No Green Tea taste what so ever, kind of gross actually.  Disappointed that I didn't go next door to Tea Planet to get a real Green Milk Tea. Don't you hate when you try new places and get disappointed.  Oh well.  No.1 Boba...I think not.
5	YUMM loving this place love me some thai tea :) small little shop inside Chinatown mall. Service was good but because we were the only ones there considering we went at 10:30am lols I would be visiting again when I'm in Chi town.
4	Amazing! There are many drinks to choose from and offers real fruit vs powder. This is my first visit and absolutely loved the black sesame smoothie boba! Will definitely be back again.
3	This place is A-ok! It's a little hard to locate if you're driving by since it's inside the Chinatown Plaza facing right! This would totally be a 5 star place if it didn't have so much surrounding competition.I like this place for one reason: their quantity for the price! At $4.50, you get a huge 32 oz cup of milk tea (now I sound like a McTubby)!!! However, I feel like the quantity overshadows their quality. I've had their regular milk tea, their rose milk tea (not on menu but available upon request), and their lychee milk tea. While their milk tea is not bad, it tastes like every other cookie-cutter milk tea shop out there, which is one reason why it won't be a go-to spot for me. It's one of those tea shops that you happen to go to out of convenience if you're shopping nearby. Again, it's not bad, but there's not a distinguishing taste that would keep me coming back. Same for their rose milk tea. I'm used to having rose milk tea where the rose taste slightly lingers on your taste buds in a refreshing way, but does not take away from the milk tea taste. The rose in the the rose milk tea was wayyyy too overpowering, so much so that I felt like I was drinking a bouquet!The lychee tea is also sweet, borderline syrupy. They do have an actual lychee in your  drink, though!!Try their staple drink (milk tea)! They have a huge menu, too, so maybe you will find something you like!
5	This place is a hidden gem. I love this placed because their drinks are fresh and the prices are affordable. A Milk tea super (32 oz) is $4.50. I'm used to getting boba in San Francisco and I think this place is as good as it is back home.They take card but you have to have a minimum of $5. They also have a stamp card, so don't forget to get one. When you fill it up you can get a free regular drink.
4	The lady doesn't smileTho she's worked there for a while.The fruits are fresh and brightWith flavors oh so nice."These drinks are great!" said we.While sipping Black Sesame.This is the place to beWhen seeking bubble tea.
4	Tons of fruit options and they use fresh fruit versus flavoring. It's not a bargain but the prices aren't too bad. I got the Matcha and it was delicious! The boba was slightly subpar I'd say as it was a little too overcooked and falling apart slimy on the outside. I'll have to check back again for another assessment. $5 on credit cards.
2	Have had better boba as well as service. I smiled when i ordered, she didn't smile back. I thanked her when i for my cup after paying 10 bucks for 2 cups , she didn't say your welcome, said happy holidays and nada. Beginning to wonder if she understood english or just plain normal customer services... Next time
4	I had the hot coconut milk tea with boba, which did not melt like I thought it would, and was awesome! The absolute sweetest girl is the cashier and is very helpful  with explaining the choices. I gave 4 because the woman, I assume to be her mother, came from the back in a rage of frustration at her daughter, the cashier, about the way she was writing the characters for the orders. In front of customers she smacked the cashiers arm and talked to her very loudly and completely flustered the poor girl who very professionally continued to take orders. The entire mood of the place changed after that. Tea was great, I hope the lady cuts the cashier some slack in the future.
3	The location for this place is a little hard to fins. We looked for it the night before and couldn't find it only to realize the next day it was in the mall.The tea: now I have had A LOT of Boba tea, some would say I'm an addict. My girlfriend had hot coconut tea which was awesome but the cold milk tea was a little off. It was as if it was made with 2% milk or to much powder or something. The service was friendly, better than volcano. Price wise pretty cheap.I would be back for the hot tea.
5	My family's favorite place for boba.  Although I don't like boba, my family does.  Their favorite is #33 honey dew.  They use fresh fruit for many of the drinks.
4	I ordered a small sesame boba tea. They used real sesame seeds. It's very good but you cannot control the ice, sugar, or milk like other bubble tea restaurants.
