4	Excellent little pub off the strip, which means you can get 2 pints, 2 full meals, an appetizer, and tip (as opposed to a couple watered down drinks) for $40.  An excellent stop on your way back from Red Rock Canyon, which is highly recommended and an easy drive from the center of downtown Vegas.
3	Nice place. They serve what you  might call "pub food"- wings, grilled cheese, fries, salads, etc. at reasonable prices.  I've gone there mainly to make use of their wireless internet connection while enjoying lunch or dinner.  The staff leave you alone and don't rush you at all. The food is fine- nothing special. The service is good and the waitstaff have always been super friendly.
4	I wish I had a bar just like this in my hometown. Very comfortable couches and tables to kick your feet up on. I didn't get any food, but I was pretty impressed with what was on the menu. I should have come here for dinner. The beer selection is a little disappointing though, just your general american brews. Bud, Coors, PBR, Wyders, Blue Moon etc. The atmosphere definitely makes up for their lack of selection.The staff was very friendly, and let you relax. We had taken over one of the couches and a few chairs, and the staff would come around and check on us at just the right times. We liked it so much, we bought shirts and glasses so we could remember the great time we had.I will definitely go back here on my next trip to Vegas.
4	GREAT HAPPY HOUR 2-6pm Monday-Friday.Half price beers and appetizers.*Another reviewer stated that they had a bad beer selection of ONLY American beers.  This is not true.  They have Bass, Harp, Guiness, and Stella ON TAP.*They have a smoke-free restaurant with comfortable booths and a large bar where you can smoke.  The food is good.  Excellent french fries and battered fish.  The local newspaper usually has a 2 for 1 coupon, so 2 people can eat and drink for under $20. I wish I could give this place 5 stars for the value.  The food is 4 stars.
1	At the time of this review no one can deny that the economy is down. People are losing their jobs. No jobs means penny pinching and that means no going out. I can not believe the poor service this 'establishment' offers to customers willing to pay for their overpriced drinks and food.Service is HORRIBLEMy friend and I intended on going to the bar to get a drink then find a table and order some food. Many of you have done it before, go to the bar, get your drink on, go find some place to lounge. WE WERE DENIED SERVICE because we weren't playing the video slot machines. We sat for 20 minutes getting stupid looks from the bartenders and rude remarks.We put money into the machines and were later told that it's not enough to rate service. There's no sign that says there is a minimum amount to be spent to quality as 'playing'. What if that's just my system? What if i put small amounts in at a time because that's my play style? I put a few bucks in and play a few hands and apparently because Jackson didn't go into the machine i'm not really 'playing'. BULL SHITHow would you like to be corrected? A bartender walks by and rudely says 'cant sit there' or someone coming up and saying, excuse me fellas these seats are reserved for individuals who wish to use the gaming machines, i can get you a drink but we're going to have to relocate you elsewhere. I flagged down a bartender and three of them came up and said we were being rude. Seriously, is this how you treat PAYING customers? What kind of establishment treats their customers like shit? There are MUCH BETTER ways to address customers. If it was one person behind the bar giving us a hard time because of a bad day i can understand that. NOT THE WHOLE STAFF. Another thing. The same individual that said the seats are reserved for game players WAS SITTING EATING HIS LUNCH AT THE OPPOSITE SIDE OF THE BAR ON A MACHINE SOMEONE COULD HAVE BEEN PLAYING.
2	I like the couch area and the pub atmosphere but I didn't appreciate the huge additional "hold" amount that the establishment added onto my debit card.  We're talking at least $30!   This hits a special nerve with me because on another occasion in a different location I used an account that was practically empty and this caused me to overdraw on that account and get charged numerous overage fees.  I think this practice is complete crap and the restaurant should warn the individual since this kind of thing can end up costing a person a pretty penny.  Luckily I had money in my account this time, but imagine my surprise to see an extra $40 tacked onto my bill when I looked at my debit account online.  When I called I was told to check back in a week and if it's still there to contact them then.  Not cool.
2	This is a neighborhood place geared toward locals in Boca Park Shopping Center. Like all these neighborhood places the bar is closed off from the restaurant which is a relief for non-smokers.  Hubby and I tried this place around 4 p.m. on a weekday and the food was pretty good. We had a couple of sandwiches and fries and two iced teas. Nobody serves water here unless you ask for it. Our bill came to about $25. We'll probably be back. I prefer if over Bilbo's down the street.
3	We're in the area and it's time for dinner.  Heading into the closed off section for diners, we sat in a booth.We chose to order from the dinner entree section of the menu, which is only available from 4 pm to 11 pm.  All entrees are served with soup or salad, vegetables, garlic bread; and a choice of a baked potato, mashed potatoes or fries.* BBQ Pork Ribs "Slow cooked with our own sweet savory sauce." ($18) - The Husband ate up all his pork ribs, along with the sides.  * New York Steak "14 oz. steak, lightly seasoned, broiled to your liking, topped with mushrooms sauteed in fresh garlic and herbs." ($19) - I finished up my steak and mushrooms, along with my string beans and baked potato.There was nothing special about our meal, it was standard food although a bit expensive.  Service was fine, they had a steady stream of customers coming in to dine as well.Apparently, they do have a happy hour so it's better to call ahead to check what times they happen.
3	While this place has a sectioned off area for the smoking, bar space, and a restaurant area, unlike many of the places in Vegas they do not give you two bills at the end of the night (one for food and one for drinks), which I'm a fan of.The food is standard bar food, though they do have wrap versions of various burgers. You would think these would be better for you, but they are just as greasy and fattening as a regular burger, only without the bread bun to absorb the grease.The crowd is always a mix of 21's to 40's and the staff is always nice and helpful with getting you intoxicated.
3	Three Angry Wives is a fun little neighborhood bar/pub that has some games, decent food & plenty of TV's.  One really cool part of the bar area is a lounge section with couch style seating and darker lighting.  I didn't sit there but it seemed perfect for a couple on a date or even a group to watch a game on one of their many tv's.  As for the food I had only the Buffalo wings which i found to be tasty and meaty, nothing exemplary, but what I expected.  I ordered it with fries and it came to be just under 10 bucks which isnt outrageous either.  They have a decent selection of beer but not what I expected being an "Irish" style pub.  Service was cheerful but slow...so Im willing to overlook that.There are better neighborhood 24 hr gaming pubs in Vegas, but 3 Angry Wives is more than fine if your close and looking for a cold one. Next time I will definitely have to go during their happy hour because they offer half priced appetizers and beer.  How did they know the way to my heart?
3	Nice seating specially the couch. The food was okay, I had the veggie platter and chicken wings. I like the fact that it was not too noisy, you can still carry a conversation here.
4	This place is just a cool pub to hangout. Its a good place to get out, grab a couch, some beer and wings and catch the game! Definately two thumbs up!!
4	We came during happy hour. Not sure on what all the different beers cost normally but our black and tans were $2.50 and the food was half off. We made the mistake of ordering nachos and chicken fingers, the nachos were pretty grande and would have been enough for two on their own. They come with chili. I like chili on my nachos. Most of the people in the bar were ravenously feeding the slot machines, I felt a little out of place not slapping the buttons in front of my face. Staff was polite and attentive. I'll definitely go back as long as happy hour is on.
2	Last Sunday my husband and I went to Three Angry Wives Irish Pub in Summerlin specifically to get a sandwich that was recommended to us. This was the Chicken Cobbler Ciabatta ($9.99)- breaded chicken breast topped with cobbler baked apple slices, dried cranberries, cheddar cheese, lettuce, and honey Dijon sauce - sounds intriguing, doesn't it? I am a fan of the Bobbie sandwich at Capriotti's, which is basically Thanksgiving on a hoagie, so I was looking forward to trying a similar version here. Well, this was the perfect example of how sometimes something can sound good in theory but in reality, or in the hands of the wrong person, becomes a failure. In this case the sandwich was not totally without merit, but left plenty of room for improvement nonetheless. It seems appropriate to make a compliment sandwich for the Chicken Cobbler by pointing out something positive, followed by its problems, and finishing on another high note.Dear Sandwich,The ciabatta bread you were served on was fresh and performed it's job well. Unfortunately, you were too sweet and one dimensional. Your apples weren't necessarily a bad choice but the 'cobbler' didn't work for me. Additionally, I would like to see you served with crispy chicken that wasn't fried thirty minutes ago when I placed my order but not delivered until now. I hold this more against the slow kitchen and servers than you, so don't feel too bad. At least your chicken was still juicy. Finally, I'd like to commend you on your choice of plate partner - I very much enjoyed the fries!Sincerely, Frugal FoodieIn addition to the sandwich, we had a bowl of chicken and dumpling soup ($5.99), which was flavorful but a little too thick. I won't quite compare it to gravy but it was moving in that direction. Ian also had a Bloody Mary that was one of the better he's had in town. The award for top Bloody Mary goes to Hash House, and is the only reason to ever step foot in that restaurant (Hash House exemplifies everything that is wrong with dining in America by encouraging people to eat enough food for a week in one sitting).As I mentioned in my letter to Sandwich, the kitchen was ridiculously slow and the servers were sweet but not entirely competent. It took ten minutes to order our food and another thirty five to get it out, and this was on a Sunday morning in a Pub. I'd be weary of going back during peak times. My soup wasn't hot when it came out and we overheard the kitchen staff gripe, so I wasn't left with the best taste in my mouth (or maybe that was their spit?). Overall, we walked out of Three Angry Wives as Two Semi-Angry Customers, and will not likely be returning for the mediocre pub food.
5	Great locals pub with bar-top gaming.  The servers and bartenders are the friendliest people in town.  Quick service, GREAT FOOD, and a decent selection of tap beers and spirits.Seriously, I don't understand why there are so many negative reviews!  I guess the one thing I can say is that their Internet jukebox is a bit wonky...
5	One of my favorites in las Vegas been going here for 5 years. The staff is super friendly and the food portions are awesome. Also the lobby and 5 TV makes this one of the best places to watch sports in Las Vegas!
4	One of the nicer bars in town. Decent bar food, great drinks, and lots of tvs to watch sports. If you don't mind random waves of rich, 4x4 douche bags, go for it. The bartenders and waitresses are great and very friendly!
1	Not to jump to any conclusions, but this is our second time here and the service is still the worse unless you are of a certain skin tone. There were two other tables around us and they were being waited on very attentively while we had to ask for a menu and get ignored while we just sat there.  The table that arrived after us got plate settings, menus, and drinks even though we were there at least 15 minutes before. We paid for our drinks (I had to walk up to the bar to order and pay, while the other tables got served) and went to a real local place that knows service. We gave Three Angry Wives a second chance but unfortunately they failed again.
3	Enjoyed a few beers here while waiting for our reservation at Melting Pot next door. Place was nice, staff was friendly, beers were good. Kind of loud, but thats because it was Saturday, and football games were on. I would probably hang out at a place like this if it wasnt totally on the other side of town for me.
5	The best Irish Pub in town, good service, GREAT food, and fun atmosphere.Order the Wexford Wings!
4	came here for some late night grub with a friend. it was pretty crowded at 12am for a thursday night. we shared an order of nachos and a pulled pork sandwich. both were really good. they also serve one of my fav drinks here...black velvets (half guiness, half pear cider). this place deserves 4 stars just for those alone! i also love that its easy to walk to from my place. oh and the bartender was super cute. i'll be back. =)
4	I hadn't been here in a while, but the spate of coupons in the R-J lately, coupled with the incessant rain and fog, made this our Wednesday  Poker Widows' Night Out spot for dinner.  We sat in the dining room at a table, not a booth.  We wanted to eat lightly, because this is officially Diet Hell Week, with Christmas Eve just two nights away.  The three of us shared a spinach salad, which came with blue cheese, bacon, and hot bacon dressing on the side.  We didn't ask, but the waitress had the kitchen split it for us, which was very much appreciated.  We also shared a Baja wrap - a tomato tortilla filled with chicken, pepper jack cheese, black beans, onions, and a spicy sauce.  Happily, that was cut in thirds - it would have been mess otherwise. Both were delicious.  We would have had no trouble sharing a  second Baja wrap, but it was very rich, so we passed.  I had a Wyder's Pear Cider, which is on tap, and which is usually what I order here.  It was great!  The woman behind us, who was eating alone, ordered the Nachos for her dinner.  The portion was enormous - she managed to scarf down most of it!The menu seemed much larger than in the past.  Most of the wraps and sandwiches are in the 8.99-9.99 range.  I only glanced at the Entree page on the menu, but they seemed much pricier than they were last time I was here.  I'll probably be ordering from there on my next visit, when I go with my husband, who won't be content with a sandwich or wrap.The bar is completely separated from the restaurant, so the smoke police needn't be afraid to eat here.  Though you need to go through the bar to get to the restaurant, they do have a smoke-free entrance at the back of the building.I've always liked this place, and tonight was no exception.  I won't wait so long to come back.
5	We visit TAW at least once a week since it's right in our neighborhood.  We always have great service and we have our favorite food too.  My boyfriend loves the Dugan's Skinny appetizer which is fresh veggies and spinich dip.  The nachos are HUGE and very good.  I also recommend the sliders and the rosemary roast beef dip!  So yummy!
3	another irish pub for your next crawl...
5	Whether you are a drinker, diner, sports fan, or love to play Golden Tee this is a great place to be. Typically, we will go for dinner, however lately, we have been there to watch sports. The food is always great. We especially love the Patty Melt and Nachos.The service has never been bad. Tina, London, Reggie and the rest of the crew remember your names and look out for you. Always checking to make sure that you have everything you need.The atmosphere is different depending on where you sit and when you come. The lounge area with the comfy couches is a great place to watch the big game.Make sure you check for the coupons in the Summerlin View for specials and if you are of Irish descent or Irish for a day, you MUST go and enjoy their St. Patty's Day celebration. It is big, bawdy, and full of fun.
5	This is my "Cheers." Debbie always knows what we order by drink and food! best chicken nachos in town,again,don't miss happy hour,very worthwhile. Never been during St. Pat's cuz it's a nuthouse and I can't deal with that many drunk bastards in one loci. My man loves the wings, the kiddo loves the potato skins, and if I don't get the big ass chicken nachos, it's usually a cold day in hell!!! love this place, we go about every two weeks :)
2	As for Irish pubs go, I prefer going to other places but my roommate at the time swore by this place so I went.  Food is actually decent so that was a gift in itself.  It's hard to find decent bar food and when you get out of work as late as I do, you want something tasty.  The bartenders, it depends on who is on at the time.  Some are personable but most just aren't and when i go to a place like this I expect the staff to be more jovial.  It's a pub.  It seemed too stuffy for me.  Prices are ok.  I only come here to see my old roomie so for the most part I have a beer and then I just bounce.
1	We are not worthy.  Wife and I went for happy hour. Sounded cool. Wife wanted to sit at the bar. Sign on the slot machine warned us that unless you were planning to play the machine, you should sit somewhere else. Wife figured because the bar had 3 people, it would probably be okay if we sat there until it became busy. All was good until a bartender approached and said if we didn't plan on playing the machine we should move.  Wife was terribly embarrassed and angry.  Its seems that unless you are a gambler you're not welcome.  Needless to say we will not be returning as my angry wife makes number four at this establishment.
3	Food was very decent. Very good tasting burgers! Prices are O.K. but when I went we had a deal of a coupon for buy1 get1 entrees. I enjoyed the dim lite atmosphere. You can certainly relax, enjoy a cold beer, watch a game and enjoy some tasty food.The bar is divided into two parts, a dinning area and the bar/dinning of course. The dinning area is small and not as cozy. I'd prefer for larger tables in the bar/dinning area because your plates can barely fit. The only bad thing I could say is that the table was kinda sticky, not very clean but heck! I really enjoyed my Shamrock Burger :)
5	This has been my go-to spot for years.  The service is fantastic, the prices good, and the food is amazing.  I have yet to find better wings anywhere in Vegas.  I try to stop in at least once a week for wings and a cold beer.
4	Was there about 6 months ago for lunch with a co-worker who goes there a lot, The food was okay but certainly nothing to write home about, Went back there last Wednesday, working with the same co-worker and noticed a chicken fried steak sandwich on the menu, so I ordered it. It's served on grilled sourdough, with cheddar cheese, bacon, tomato, lettuce and ranch dressing. It was the bomb, the best sandwich I have had in a long time, and I eat out every work day.So glad I gave the place a second chance, will go back often, if for no other reason than the chicken fried steak sandwich. No smoking in restaurant, smoking in the bar.
5	If you are looking for a place where everybody knows your name, and they are always glad you came...then The Wives should be your first stop! The food is incredible, the service gets 5 stars, and I never saw so many people hit jackpots! Check out this place for a good time and local-loving.
3	I have now been to Three Angry Wives four times for Corned Beef & Cabbage, and this dish has been spot on excellent each time! Without question it is the best Corned Beef & Cabbage I have tasted in Las Vegas or anywhere else to date. Along with a choice of yummy mashed potatoes or a baked potato, over half a head of fresh, buttery cabbage is served on a ceramic platter--not a plate--with enough large cuts of the leanest corned beef to easily last two meals for even the most gluttonous of diners. One of my tablemates yearned for boiled potatoes--which would seem to be appropriate to accompany this traditional Irish dish--but they are not available as an option. Entrees also come with a choice of soup or salad, and two large slices of fairly respectable garlic bread. On this night, Chicken Noodle Soup was the soup of choice. A cup of the soup was clearly homemade, with tasty broth, but the chicken meat was cut in squared off brick-like chunks, and mushy flat noodles drooped listlessly over my spoon because they had been cooked too long. Salad was a nice portion of iceberg lettuce with cherry tomatoes and cucumber slices, accompanied by a choice of dressings. Unfortunately, the dressing came in a small plastic container--a bit too casual for my taste at a sit-down restaurant--although the Italian variety was good and hearty--not insipid like many. The real highlight of the salad was the addition of a generous amount of light, crunchy croutons circulating on top. I sampled my wife's lightly battered cod in her order of Fish & Chips, and it was moist and tasty; and slightly creamy Cole Slaw was good. Moreover, an appetizer of Tater Skins was all I hoped it would be: deep-flavored pieces of bacon spread over a cheesy layer of melted Cheddar Cheese resting atop about half an inch of perfectly cooked potato, with green onions and sour cream available for sprinkling and spooning over the five skins. But excellent food does not alone make a restaurant great! While our leather booth in the smoke-free section of the restaurant that is glassed off from the cavernous pub was comfortable, a raw gash in the black wood of our table was a bit disconcerting. Although one drink was served to the wrong person, and drink refills had to be requested, servers were amiable and competent, and service was generally good. But the kitchen was far too slow in fulfilling orders. Our soup and salad were brought out about 15 minutes after ordering, and the Tater Skins arrived about 30 minutes after that. Then, as I feared, five minutes later our entrees arrived. So, soup and salad vaulted over what was supposed to be our starter, and the appetizer was served just a few minutes before the entrees arrived on its virtual heel, overlapping not yet eaten Tater Skins. When the bill arrived, prices seemed reasonable for the high quality and large quantity of food provided ($16 for the Corned Beef & Cabbage and $14 for Fish & Chips), but it seemed a bit extreme to me to charge a friend 75 cents for a thimbleful of requested Thousand Island dressing and another 50-cent open food charge for onions to be added to his Limerick Burger. He was also unhappy that his toasted hamburger bun was cold on arrival. And, another friend complained that her baked potato was too hard. So, all in all, this was at best an overall 3-1/2-stars experience. Regardless, I will still come back here again and again for the great Corned Beef & Cabbage that Three Angry Wives consistently turns out.
5	Wow I Was surprised.  The food was excellent.  I had the special blue muscles with white wine.  The were excellent.  My son had the sliders.  For sliders the meat was very thick.  My husband got his fill of the corn beef and cabbage.   I will definitely be back
4	Trying the breakfast.  Having eggs Benedict and husband having corn beef and hash breakfast.  Food was very good.  Love the 2 for 1 coupons
4	I introduced two more people to Three Angry Wives' Corned Beef & Cabbage, and sampled the lean meat and delicate buttered cabbage again myself. It was just as delicious, tender, and pleasing to the palate as in previous visits. But this time I was focused on trying the Beef Stroganoff, which comes with either egg noodles or baked potato. I opted for the noodles, which were prepared al dente. I can't rave about the Beef Stroganoff as much as the Corned Beef & Cabbage. But, as presented with a generous supply of soft beef tips without any fat in sight, and big chunks of mushrooms, in a savory brown sauce that can perhaps best be described as saucy, it was quite tasty for a time. But, rather than being cooked into this dish, sour cream was placed on the plate in a small plastic container. I suppose this is fine for a diner who knows what he or she is doing. But I was perplexed about how much sour cream to add. Since Beef Stroganoff is not really stroganoff without some sour cream included, I knew I had to add some. But I didn't want to go over the tipping point of good taste. So, I tried my best, cautiously tossing in two spoonfuls, which spiced things up a small notch. Yet I would rather have had the chef decide how much sour cream was best for me. Like all entrees here, this one was very large. (For example, one pound of corned beef and half a head of cabbage is used for a single order of Corned Beef & Cabbage.) So, by the time I finished the last noodle (I generally clean my plate, probably because of my mother's repeated admonitions around the family dinner table many years ago when I put down my fork too soon that "People are starving in China!"), the sauce seemed bland and the dish a bit boring. Preceding delivery of entrees, a cup of Southwestern Soup featuring tiny black beans, bits of corn, and melted tortilla strips in a tangy and cheesy broth was quite tasty. Caesar Salad, prepared with fresh Romaine Lettuce and crunchy croutons enrobed in a nice, light creamy Caesar dressing, was satisfying. And a side of coleslaw was juicy and refreshing. Cheesy Tater Skins arrived with the entrees and contained a bit too much potato on the bottom, and one skin offered insufficient bacon on top. But they, too, were tasty.  Garlic bread was only fair. I hadn't eaten all day, so despite the large portions, a dessert seemed in order. So, I ordered a Hot Fudge Sundae. When it arrived I was stunned by its appearance: half-melted vanilla ice cream covered by some nuts and intersecting black lines of hot fudge that literally looked like a spiderweb overlaying a frosty mountain. But the creamy ice cream was cold and also refreshing, with bits of scattered hot fudge that just kept on giving as the gooey lines of sweet goodness broke down in the bowl. This time an extra star was earned, because the same cheerful service was also efficient, and the kitchen was much quicker in churning out food. I just didn't like my server removing a fork from the salad bowl and placing it on the wood tabletop for reuse.
4	It understandable to feel a little apprehensive, especially if you are walking into a bar called Three Angry Wives all by your self. My first visit didn't go over so well, but it may have something to do with my fear of actually running into 3 pissed off Irish girls at once. But the place is real close by, so it was hard to stay away from.I have made many visits to three Angry Wives since then, with each time getting better than the last. I wasn't sure I was ready to review it until last week's breakfast.I had eaten from their menu before, but this was my first foray into the breakfast side. I ordered the hash and eggs. Mmm, mmm, good! The corned beef hash was delicious - and separated from the hash browns, so I could be allowed to choose my level of mixture. The eggs were done perfectly and the presentation, with these little wedges of tomato and cucumber were, well, just more than I would have ever expected from a bar.I have yet to meet anyone here who even sparked of anger, much less the women who provide the bar's namesake - and I'm just fine with that (well, maybe if they come one-at-a-time). I will keep coming back to this little gem, especially for another morning bite-to-eat.
5	This place is great.  Exactly what I expect out of a pub.  Good food great prices, fast and friendly service, by people that remember you.
4	I thought this place was a good choice to try out and I was right.  My boyfriend and I sat at a little bar table and had a good view of a baseball game.  I wanted to try one of their specialty dishes and asked our server about the Meat Loaf and she sold me on that item.  My boyfriend choose the beef stroganoff dish with egg noodles.  Both dishes were very flavorful and very large in portions.  By the time we left, we were so full!  The service and food was great!  We will be back!
2	New to LV and found an Irish Pub just down the street from me. Good Irish fair and although I never tried the mussels, they sure looked good. Drinks are reasonable, their happy hour runs for a bit and the machines at the bar never took all my money. The leather seating area is a nice touch and great for socializing or a casual business meeting over a drink. If you ever find yourself with an issue, management seems to have an open mind and prefers resolution over sour grapes.They've lost my business due to a recent experience, but your mileage may vary greatly. I hope it does anyway...
4	Second visit to this restaurant and impressed with the menu.  For a neighborhood bar and grill, this place has a very extensive menu and the best fish and chips that we have had for a long time.  The kitchen is very accommodating in allowing me to order off the dinner menu for lunch.  Friendly service and one of the best parts. . . . . Notre Dame fans!!  We will be back.
4	Me and my boyfriend come to this bar a lot, but I just know about the food because I'm not 21 yet. We always sit in a booth in the restaurant section (which are really comfortable BTW) and it's one of my favorite spots. It's never too busy (although I've only gone at night) so I can relax and eat and I really enjoy it. The waitresses are always very friendly and accommodating and I haven't had a bad experience yet. All the food i've had there has always been delicious and filling. My mom makes better beef and cabbage, but I would expect I'd think that about any place because I am biased. Lol. For someone that isn't my mom, their beef and cabbage was surprisingly good.
5	Cold crisp draft beer!!!! There were 2 Bartenders working that were very friendly and polite... One recommended a Chicken sandwich with Cranberries that was awesome, steak sandwich was ok but not recommended by the staff...The bar was very laid back inside people kept to themselves more of a real locals hangout.Clean bathroom with plenty of soap and paper towels :) For a bar that allows smoking it didn't smell like a astray inside great ventilation... The meals were under $10.00 very inexpensive & the beer was cheap in cost also..
5	We were here on a Saturday afternoon and had lunch.  The food was good and the service was awesome. Shannon at the bar is the best!
1	Played max bet at a decent pace for an hour. Won forty bucks and had two beers and my girlfriend, who was not playing, had one. Got bill expecting to pay for her drinks. My two domestic beers were in the bill too. Didnt comp me for playing.
5	On a quick trip to Vegas, three of us opted to forgo the $11 half-hearted pours of mixed drinks at the Mirage, and drove to The Summerlin area up North to get some local flavor.Three Angry Wives Irish Pub caught our eye, just on the name alone. We walked in and it took a few minutes for our eyes to adjust to the dim lit room...which was great. The atmosphere was great.We forgot about Vegas still allowing smoking in their bars, and there were plenty of smokers and cigar smokers drinking and playing games, but the air system made it very comfortable...in fact, it wasn't really noticeable after a while (great job).The service was great...very friendly, and energetic. Our server told us it was happy hour and appetizers were 1/2 off. We had to try the chicken nachos...$4.99.  Every head in the place turned as the over-sized mountain of melted mexican munchies were delivered to our table. And the three of us weren't sure if we could finish the foothill-sized plate of flavor...so the back up plan would be to climb them and repel down the other side just to work off the calories.Even a local diner came over and commented on the huge portion...as she snapped off a picture. They were not only plentiful, but delicious. They should come served with a velvet rope and stanchions to keep the onlookers at bay and crowds of gawkers orderly. A must order!I can't say enough about the frosty cool beverages, the atmosphere and the service. These nachos will soon be a must-see attraction in Vegas, right up there with the Bellagio Fountains.
4	My hubby and I love the Three Angry Wives and frequently stop in for a little pub atmosphere with delish eats and MANY icy cold draft beer choices at reasonable prices!  Even better during Happy Hour!  Breakfast is always great too!  We've never been disappointed with anything on their menu.  The staff is usually pretty friendly, not always quick, but hey - if you holler, they'll be right over!!Their breakfast burrito is one of the best ever and is huge, so we usually end up sharing it . . . we also love the crispy shrimp wrap, baja chicken wrap, philly chese steak and their potato skins are great too!  My 8 year old daughter loves the sliders and actually asks for them from time to time! :)  We don't usually partake in gaming there, but the few times that we have, we've had no problems with our comps -- we've always been comped while playing.  Nice neighborhood gem -- we love places like this and always try to support the community.  It's not a 5-star only because like I mentioned service can be slow and because you often leave smelling of smoke (but they do have a smoke-free) area too. This one is one of our faves!
4	The happy hour here is amazing!
4	Overall, this place is great.  However, every once in awhile, there are some patrons that come there that are screaming and yelling and partying in a bar that is more of a chill place.  They have a great St Patty's Day celebration and know how to throw a party, but they also know how to have the cool, lounge type of bar atmosphere which I like.I usually go in there on Sundays and its a great place to hang with friends, eat some good grub and have a beer.  I go there to do homework since I need the white noise to make me concentrate and its great.  Lots of TVs, video poker, a few arcade games and the staff is super friendly.  If you're looking for a cool pub to hang with some friends and enjoy a few beers, this is definitely the place for you.  Enjoy!
4	After being driven out onto the hot mean streets of Boca Park by the outstandingly bad service at Wahoo's Tacos (see previous review) I stumbled into a cool oasis know as Three Angry Wives Pub.  There I met an angel disguised as Debbie the bartender who soothed me with ice cold beer and piping hot pretzel bites.  Once revived and renewed, I was pleasantly surprised by the check -- half price from 2-6pm.  I recommend you go here when you find yourself in a similarly desperate situation.
4	We seem to go to Three Angry Wives when one of us is returning from McCarran.  I don't know why, since it's nowhere near the airport!  Last night was no exception.It's a new menu, which usually means higher prices.  I think the entrees are higher, but the sandwiches and wraps don't seem to have gone up much, if at all.Hubby and I shared a Romaine and Spinach Chopped Salad with BBQ chicken breast, avocado, tomato.  The salad was excellent, with moist, warm chicken.  We also shared a Paslawmi Sandwich - a grilled garlic French roll piled high with flavorful, lean pastrami, cheese, and cole slaw.  The hubster wanted potato salad, so I indulged him; I usually don't like most potato salads, but a taste of this one made me want more.Service was excellent from Kandi, our server, who's been there since the place opened.  She certainly had plenty of patience, since we took forever to decide what we wanted.  I sure hope business is better earlier in the evening; as usual, after the one other table left, we closed the dining room.  I would hate to see this place leave.  Great food, great service, and regular coupons in the newspaper.  What more could you want??
4	Good service, good food, good beer, and textbook Americanized Irish pub feel.  If I have to go to Boca Park for happy hour, this is where I usually try to steer the event.  I like the laid back atmosphere and playing a little keno while I sip my Guiness.Not much else to tell...
3	Good food. Good service. Open 24 hours.
2	This is a very unconventional place. You have to play at least a hundred dollars  in the machines  to get a drink comped. After I had already payed my seventy five dollar bill and spent 40 dollars on the machines , they couldn't even comp one drink. When I asked why the self proclaimed owner Danny ( i dont think hes the owner) said it was his right who gets comped and 86'd me.  Very  strange experience. It was like dealing with the soup nazi. Very angry people indeed. There are some positives despite my bad experience.  The food is  really  good a lil pricey though. The music was pretty good a nice mix a rap and alternative if that is your style. Mostly a conservative crowd here so if you have liberal views your not going to be very welcomed. The customer service ruined what could have been a promising place.  Id say go with steiners, bootleggers, pt's , instant replay or another irish pub.
3	Three Angry Wives is not only a great name for an Irish Pub, but an all-around solid Irish Pub.They have plenty of standard Irish fare plus a good selection of normal bar and grill food.  I am a fan of the chicken cobbler ciabatta.  3 Angry has a great happy hour from 2pm - 6pmAnd on a personal note this is where I first fell in love with Smithwick's... completing my affinity for the Holy Trinity of Irish beer!  I have since moved on in beer tastes but there is something beautifully nostalgic about pints of Guinness, Harp and Smithwick's for me at 3 Angry.They have several big screens if you want to watch the game....and a separate restaurant side that is considerably quieter if you want dinner without the bar feel.
2	This place is ok but watch out for the wannabe in the fake dreadlocks. He will ruin your night. Make sure you are not winning at the machines or he will not comp your drinks. Maybe it's time for Marley to get a new job.
4	Love it. McMullins still takes first....
2	Two more angry customers.The cigar-smoking, loud-mouthed and despicable Notre Dame football fan who I presume is the owner of this bar was unbelievably inhospitable to me and Misti Y. in the following ways:1. Blowing plumes of cigar smoke in our general direction when he saw that we weren't cheering for his team, but instead for Michigan in a concurrent game.2. Changing the channel on the TV directly in front of us from the Michigan-Nebraska game we were watching to the blowout game between Texas A&M and Auburn without warning, care or apology.3. Demanding that his server turn up the volume of the Notre Dame game to ear-popping levels - no less than 105-110 decibels. "I am tired of having this conversation with you - turn up the volume!" we heard him say impatiently to one of the servers.4. Constantly screaming at the top of his lungs at the TV screen in reaction to every single tackle or positive play while maintaining a distance of no more than 5 feet away from us.We were literally smoked out, tuned out, drowned out, and screamed out. Never before have we experienced such persecution at a bar.For the record, this was our 5th visit to Three Angry Wives for food and drink, but our first encounter with the 'owner'. It was certainly our last visit, as it is clear that customers will always take a backseat to the owner's desires. Avoid this bar (especially on College Football Saturdays) and especially if the owner is present. Your experience will be ruined, yet all stereotypes of obnoxious Notre Dame fans will be confirmed and fully verified.There are dozens of other bars in the area who deserve your business more.
5	Come see Eric swing shift!!! If your a gamer he takes care of you. Unlike most bars in this yuppie area. Ur good to him and he's good to you! . As far as food...every thing is great. The angry nachos are huge. U can't go wrong.
5	Great Spin Dip! Cream cheese involved.
4	This is a review of Three Angry Wives' dining section--not the bar area.  The ambiance here is dark wood, rather spartan, and functional.  And service was good, but no refills of drinks were offered or provided.  Yet I don't come here for the ambiance or the service.  I come for the fine food that is prepared and served.This time I ordered the soup of the day, whose name intrigued me.  It was Mushroom Bisque, and was simply excellent: smooth, zesty, and hot, with the distinct flavor of mushrooms.  I had never sampled this type of soup before, but will surely be on the lookout for it again in the future.An included Dinner Salad with Bleu Cheese Dressing was good, but lightly buttered Garlic Bread was just okay.  Yet the reason I keep coming here was as good as ever: a big platter of Corned Beef and Cabbage.  This time the buttered cabbage was about half a head in size, and was moist and cut easily with a knife, while the generous portion of corned beef was also moist and delicious: not too lean and not too fatty.  The ample Mashed Potatoes that accompanied this entree were creamy and tasty.To complete the meal, I ordered a slice of Chocolate Cake ala mode.  Had I inquired about the price in advance (I hadn't), which was $10.99, I should have known that this would be a gargantuan dessert.  But fortunately Diane and our two dining companions helped me eat the moist and velvety cake that was dense with chocolate and creative swirls of chocolate frosting, whipped cream, and caramel, along with three scoops of Vanilla Ice Cream.  The slice was close to Claim Jumper's log-size version, and half of it came home for further enjoyment the next day.  It was much more than I required, but was gooey good!4-1/2 stars overall on this particular dining foray!
4	It not often come too the Wives but have been here before for St Patricks Day is pretty nuts. I have always been a big fan of Irish Pubs and St Patricks Day become yearly tradition with hockey family. When in Irish Pub nothing better then Guinness or black and tan. I find its hit or miss comes too Guinness if not at Irish Pub. Not many people that drink it so if tap not running lot it really does affect the taste. One of the reasons enjoy my Guinness at Irish Pubs. I meet the hockey family for friends birthday party. So review not about the food. It cool small bar that great place too meet up with friends for some drinking, conversations, and good times. They do have one of those tables that can pour your own draft beers. I never ordered it so not sure the way it works. Sorry. It has lots of televisions all over for sports and one section that mini sports book on football weekends. It Notre Dame bar not that too obvious. Dah! So if fan for sure this is place you want too be. It does have none smoking (think none smoking dining section; only times come here is too drink with friends) or dining area separate from the bar area. I like the Wives and great place go drinking with friends.
1	So, I we go to this bar generally 3-4 times a year and normally it was an all around good time. Went Monday December 10th and !*NOT A GOOD! TIME. The Bar tender wearing a Patriots jersey would not even say HI to us after we sat down. We had to ask for  food menus, he threw one of the table.(there was 2 of us) Then we had to ask, after waiting 20 minutes if its ok if we ordered some food? He said sure, (felt like it was a problem that we were ordering food?) Then after getting our two plates $19 a piece, we had to ask for some silverware. Food was good as always, but his (both bar tenders actually) customer service was terrible. MY GIRLFRIEND AND I DID NOT FEEL WELCOMED AT THIS BAR. WE WON"T BE RETURNING AT ALL NEXT YEAR. NOT WORTH THE DRIVE ACROSS TOWN ANYMORE=(
2	We used to love this place. The food is very good. What ticked us off the last time we went was the bartender. He was jamming out to rap music and kept turning it up. I could not hear my husband. I was under the impression their was a jukebox?A pub is a place you go to have a pint and some chips (vinegar and salt...yummy) watch some football and have a good time.This is the second time this has happened and we won't be going back. My husband is from the UK and we want a place where we can get that feel. This is not a true Irish pub, so for the people who say it is...you have never been to an actual pub in the UK.I also stunk of smoke and did not finish my drink.From pub to club. Boo!
4	We just stopped in for a drink. It's a great Irish Pub, we did not try any food.  But for drinking it's great!
4	Came to Three Angry Wives this time to try out the restaurant (smoke free!!!!) side of this lovely establishment. That means, I showed up sober and before 9PM. GO ME! Anyways, this also happen to coincide with my mission to find a new great blue cheeseburger now that Create [RIP] is gone. First of all, they totally love having kids here (not so much on the bar side). The waitress was awesome and super nice. She was attentive all night and made small talk with the small adults (my term for kids). 5 stars for the customer service. The food was alright. When I was inebriated and had taken part in their potato skins, I would've said it was the greatest thing anyone has made anywhere on earth. But the blue cheeseburger was just okay. I think it just didn't have what I think a blue cheeseburger should have: blue cheese, a good all-beef patty, spinach, garlic aioli, raw red onions and bacon. If someone could open a restaurant and make that, I would greatly appreciate it. Thanks. Until then, the search continues....
3	We liked it.The seating is nice. We got a small table along a wall with comfy, deep chairs.Every seat has a great view of the televisions, so if you are there to watch a game you are in luck.The food selection is pretty standard, but has interesting names and unique names.The beer selection has a lot of room to grow.We will be back, as I want this place to blow me away. I imagine that a good night here is GREAT!!
5	Love this place! It has a great low key vibe which is refreshing in Las Vegas. I eat here often and try new menu items all the time. Haven't had one meal that was bad. The drinks are strong. Food not overpriced. And great music always playing. Such a fun place to hang out.Stop by and bring your friends. You won't be disappointed.
3	So, we went to the St. Patrick's Day event at 3 Angry Wives. (For some reason, I keep wanting to call it Fourth of July, I don't know what's up with that).  I don't know what I expected, but I was a bit underwhelmed. $10 entry for what?  For a few outside tables/chairs, some beer vendors (just regular stuff), and a band that would play one song, stop for 20 minutes, play another song, and so on and so forth?  I think I'd rather buy a $10 burger- at least I'd get some satisfaction from that.  It was cool enough seeing all of the people dressed in green, but that's about it.  I don't know that I'm inspired to return for a meal.
5	We love this place and have been going for several years. Even with a newborn. My daughter who is now 3, loves it here too. Service is great and the staff is super friendly. The food is also really good. We love going for breakfast with the $10 off coupon they offer. The beer selection is great. Just love it. My husband likes going himself to sit in the bar area as well.
1	Worst service ever! This only for the bar section. My boyfriend decide to give this bar a try since it's down the street from our house. 1st problem at the bar. They had sign on the machine ( if you're not gambling don't sit here )2nd normally if you gamble you get your drink comp ( not here )3rd bartender who said his the manager ( mixed guy with dreadlock work on April 3rd at night )  the rudest person I have ever encounter. When my boyfriend asked him a simple question aren't drinks comp when gambling? The manager responded that we did not gamble enough  to get a round of drinks. It's mostly his attitude  the way came off.  He's response was what are you going to do about the charge on the drink and to leave. Ok we only ask a question? This place is a rip off and lacks service. Don't go to this bar save your money.
1	Bartenders are not personable, and I've been here multiple times. Save your money for a fun bar and leave these douchebags alone. Maybe then they will be more appreciative of new businessAlso, i have heard nothing but rotten things about their st pattys day festival of overpriced admission and drinks.
2	We've gotten takeout from here a couple times and I have figured out why the 3 wives are angry.. Because pretty much everyone who works here is angry or in a bad mood ... sheeeesh! The food alone is not that bad though.. about 3 star worthy.We have tried:*Grilled Hot & Chopped Greek Salad: $11.99 I love Greek salad so I enjoyed this dish.. it's topped with grilled Gyro meat and warm pita bread..*Buffalo Chicken Sliders: $9.99 Comes with 5 sliders.. nothing impressive.. prepare to get messy.. We paid an extra $1.99 for onion rings but they gave us fries..*BBQ Chicken Grilled Pita Pizza: $11 the pizza is 6" so it's not that big but it comes with soup or salad.. I guess this is one of their "healthier" choices haha HOT TIP: if you want to avoid the super smoky bar air use the back entrance ...it's smoke-free~
4	My husband and I have been here a few times. We stop by for a couple of beers and once we ordered food. They have a huge menu and their food is also good. It's near our house and it's an easy bar to relax at.
2	Bar side is focused on players only. They have nice big screen TV's, but will Not turn on the sound, as it "upsets the gamer's". Yep, that's what we were told. Ok, turn off the Tv's and just stop pretending to be a sports bar! That is all. . .
1	Came to watch Hockey and have a couple drinks....no sound and was told they don't turn it up. It disturbs the gamers. Why bother having the TV's. won't be back
5	Great pub food, nice staff, a lot of British food, clean, haven't gamed there yet but I hear the machines are good, they have a non smoking section.
5	I stopped in after a long day of work just for a quick bite to eat and a cold beer.It was Weds night so I am guessing it was a slower night but I loved it! Good ALT music was playing and I got to relax here and not deal with people.The draft beer is tasty and I got the steak sandwich which was super yum. Will be here again to try other items off the menu!
4	I enjoyed the happy hour beer pricing. I'm not a huge beer fan but the Angry Orchard beer tasted like a hearty apple cider, it was crisp and refreshing without being the least bit bitter. The mushroom sliders weren't part of the happy hour pricing but they were worth every penny. They were served piping hot with the sauteed mushrooms and onions melding perfectly with the cheese and sweet bun. The burger patty was seasoned perfectly for my taste. The Nachos were HUGE. They were quite tasty as well with so many toppings including chili, and marinated jalapenos. We ordered the white steamed mussels (also not on the happy hour menu) and the portion was also generous with several pieces of garlic bread to sop up the delectable broth. The onion rings were okay, nothing special but the cajun mayo sauce that accompanied it was a surprise treat. Service was excellent, however as it got busier in the bar, the drinks started coming out slower. I was also annoyed that a whole family complete with small kids came in and sat close by with a screaming kid. I realize it's not the fault of the restaurant but it still soured the experience for me a bit. I like the friendly staff and that Angry Orchard beer, besides happy hour for 3 people came to just under $40 with all that food plus drinks!
4	Fish n chips, crispy, tasty fries not cooked in same oil as fish :) crunchy n tasty. Large sandwich n wrap menu, looks like some big burgers
1	Nice looking Irish pub in a strip mall. Food was good and the menu has plenty of choices but don't try to sit at the bar unless you're a "high roller". The bartender will chase you off. I even told her I was going to put money in the machine but she said it's for regulars.  I just can't bring myself to come back and give them a second chance even though I live a block away.  There are much better choices in the area.  Maybe they should take a look at their average review score and re-evaluate how they run the bar area.
5	My favorite Happy Hour spot in Summerlin!  Love the staff, the food, the music and the regulars are hilarious to evesdrop on!  Single girls can hang out with bartender backup....no freaks on a leash here!  Did I mention the food?  Happy  hour has half price appetizers!  Greek plate ROCKS!
1	Certain items are good, breakfast for the most part. I've tried to go several times because there close to the house and wanted a regular spot. Whenever I called to order I was treated as though I was a bother and felt very rushed. Each time I went in I was treated with a lot of attitude, and for all the wrong reasons! Word on the street is that there a bit on the racist side........ Don't let the one black bartender fool you, I felt like I was in 1890
4	Food is so good I day dream about the menu. The pastrami sandwich is delicious and the fish and chips are tasty as well. Make sure to hit up the happy hour. Nachos are killer and the sampler is good too. I don't even want to mention the soups because it makes my mouth WATER just thinking about it. The mushroom bisque is bomb. The service is good...some nights it can take the servers awhile to come back and check on you..but when you have good drinks, food, and company the last thing you want is someone interrupting 24/7.
4	I almost hate to write a review because I don't want anyone else to come here :(  I never suggest meeting a guy there because if it doesn't work out, but they like 3AW, it will be RUINED for me -_-It is the best place to go hide after a long day...I try other places but I find I go back here over and over. Heffeweisen is super cold. Reggie is my favorite bartender in Vegas. I'm surprised that some of the other reviews were not favorable towards the staff, I find them to be mostly awesome, but maybe because they are familiar with me. However....if there is a party in the couch area, and you don't want to gamble, you can't sit at the bar, so you are pretty much forced to eat at that weird side bar thing and stare at the party that is going on that you werent invited to. It's awkward. Maybe go when there isn't a party. I only ever get the Cobb salad or steak, hold all sides, double mushrooms. I can't really comment on anything else, as I go to throw them back, not eat.
4	One in Italian for my fellowsService is nice. Music is enjoyable. Nice atmosphere. Portions are really big and prices are reasonable. Free wifi is a pleasant surprise especially if you tare on your own
1	Kicked me out for wearing a wife beater! I'm glad I don't live on this side of town, fuckin snobs
4	Went here for drinks and dinner. My friend and I were originally going to hit up Applebee's for burgers but the curbside appeal of this place drew us in. At first glance the crowd is a bit older and mellow for a Friday night. The staff was friendly and not overbearing. We started off with a couple drinks that were nicely poured ;-) I don't consider myself a light weight but 3/4 into my long beach tea I was feeling it! I ordered the southern comfort, which is a heaping pile of deliciously smooth and fluffy mashed potatoes swimming in chicken noodle soup. It was so good! Definitely a comfort food. OH and did I mention the garlic toast!? After my stomach settled and I downed my second Long beach tea I was ready for mashed potato heaven round two. We sat away from the bar in the dinning section and they let us hang out at our booth well after they closed the section down. The music was good and I'm sure geared more towards the staff than patrons but that worked perfect for us 20 something girls. Everything was very clean, food looked and tasted great, and drinks were reasonable. I  will definitely be back. Only reason I rated it 4/5 is because I didn't get a chance to experience the bar atmosphere. However, that was my fault for sitting in the other section.
2	This place is average at best.  The ambience is good for watching games and as a social Hang.  Their prices are too expensive for anything I ordered.  Below average food, under poured drinks.  When your a vegas local in hospitality you don't wan to feel like your getting ripped off for drinks and cheap food.
1	The food was tasty but the service was ridiculously bad. I cannot emphasize how poor the service was. I used to like this place. I'll never go there again. If you enjoy being ignored this is the place for you. If you like and expect good service and are willing to pay for it, go somewhere else. BJs and Yard House have them beat a 100 times over. Don't go to 3 angry.
4	My family and I have been regulars here for many years. The food and drinks are always consistent. Especially if you're craving bar food. The only down side is that the prices have gone up over the years. Even though it's a little pricey it's our fall back eatery.
1	I rarely write reviews, however, our experience here was so unpleasant that I wanted to share it with potential customers. My experience on day shifts has been okay, although I agree with Brent V. that the service has been slow, and "uncaring". However, the other evening my wife and a family friend went in to get a late night bite on the Graveyard shift. The main area is smoky to the point of causing nausea, and we went into the "sealed" dining room. My wife and her friend went up to the Bartender, Dan, to ask if it would be okay if we ate in the dining area; we'd be willing to pick up the food at the bar. I waited in the dining area. What I overheard was possibly the most insulting bit of customer service that I have ever experienced. After my wife asked if we could eat in the dining area, Dan said, "You two are in the wrong place, you need to leave!" After he reiterated his feeling that the women had no business in the establishment (this conversation took less than 30 seconds), I decided I would go see what was going on. I asked Dan, "What is going on?", to which he said, "Are you with those two girls?". I said, "Yes" and Dan said, "You need to leave, you're 86'd". I was flabbergasted! I assured Dan that I would be making my displeasure known, and he said, "Good luck with that".Ordinarily, I would approach the owner about this type of behavior, however, short of terminating Dan, there isn't anything that "The Wives" could do to assuage my displeasure. Maybe he feels because he had a decent sized crowd around the video poker bar (I'm sure due to his charming personality) that he is untouchable. I don't know. All I know is that until the day comes that I hear, or receive an email that Dan has been summarily terminated I will not return to that establishment, and I will tell everybody I know about my experience with him.
4	My boyfriend and I came here for a little cheat night after a hard week's work.I'm a huge fan of pretzel bites and these ones did not disappoint.  Pretzel bites tossed with garlic butter and salt, served with cheese sauce ($6.99).  I'm drooling just thinking of these. I ordered the rodeo burger - onion rings, cheddar cheese, and bbq sauce ($8.99).  Delicious!!  I chose onion rings for my side.  They were soooo good; my boyfriend couldn't keep his paws off of them.  He ordered the "Get Some" burger - american cheese, fries, onion straws, jalapenos, and nacho cheese ($9.99) with french fries as his side.  Also good, but not as good as my onion rings.The bar was packed so we didn't get to sit there, only downside =(Service was good.Pretzel bites, two burgers, two beers, and two redbull vodkas came out to around $55, can't remember exactly.
1	So disappointed in this place. My mom and I sat in the bar area while waiting for a seat at the bar to open up so I could gamble a bit. Finally, when two spots opened up we sat down while waiting for our appetizer of spinach dip. The spinach dip was really delicious. Super cheesy! What really made my experience make me not want to come back is when I put $20 in the machine to gamble I was told to move because somebody else wanted to play when the bimbos next to me weren't playing on their machine. There was complete disregard for me as a patron spending money in the table game. The bartender that told me to move was completely rude to us the entire night and I will not be back to visit this establishment.
4	I like this restaurant.  They always have coupons.  Food is good, service excellent.I have never had anything I did not like.  A las Vegas bargain. My favorite thing I almost always order is a Patty Melt.  They have a very good menu. Lot of good stuff.Dining room is enclosed, so no smoking there.  there is another room that has the bar,, Tv's etc.
1	Terrible. Make sure you Are friends with the staff before you come in here otherwise you will wait and get attitude the entire time. Worse service ever! Shame on you! Sorry not sorry! Ps- Reggie is better off as a bouncer n not a bartender.
4	Good ol' Three Angry Wives! Always reliable, rarely disappointing. The Wives has always reminded me of the Winchester in the movie Shaun of the Dead. So in the event of a zombie apocalypse, feel free to meet me at the Wives while we can have a nice cold pint and wait for everything to blow over.This dimly lit bar/restaurant adorned with numerous TVs is a great spot to go watch a hockey or football game if you don't mind being around a little bit of cigarette smoke. Some of the cool features this bar boasts include a self-service beer tap system built into a couple of the tables, Golden Tee golf video game, separated bar/restaurant/lounge areas, and a TouchTunes music sound system. If you end up doing a little too much day drinking at the Wives, conveniently located next door is a vitamin shop where I am certain you could try to drunkenly stammer out your request for some hangover prevention goodies.The bar food here is top-notch. I have had the Reuben sandwich served with fries and a pickle, pretzel bites with cheese and mustard, and the nachos. The Reuben was spot on in terms of quality of corned beef and sauerkraut and portion size on the bread. The pretzel bites are one of those appetizer items you order that you simply can't keep your hands off, and before you know it you are reaching for another bite only to discover you had sadly already eaten the last one! The nachos came with the standard fixin's and were rather mediocre.The beer selection at the Wives isn't bad at all. I believe they have around 12 beers on tap, plenty of bottled beer, and of course a full bar in terms of liquor for any number of various mixed drinks. The bartenders mixing up these drinks are very attentive, fast, and friendly. I wish the same could be said for the waitresses, as this was sadly the only problem I had with the Wives.
2	We had a going away part here last night, and even if we weren't leaving the state, wouldn't go back. We brought a lot of business and our server refused to split our check, so we were having to go up to the bar to purchase (not cheap) drinks, where the bartender was so busy looking at his cell phone he couldn't pay attention to the fact that we were trying to order, and was rude once we actually got his attention. Service - poor. Food - ok, needless to say we ended up taking the party somewhere else.
1	Waitress completely forgot us and we sat several minutes and not one person took our order. This is extremely rude and insulting. We will not return and will tell other locals of this negative experience. Oh yeah hardly an Irish item on the menu. Gimme a break!
3	Pretty standard pub, and kind of expensive.I didn't go during happy hour (mistake), and I ordered the fish n chips (another mistake). Ended up paying a bit too much for food that was only okay in a place with a decently cool "pub vibe". However the beer was cold, and they had smithwick's on tap. (one of my fav's)
4	Really enjoyed my time here. The staff were awesome, always on top of refills and making sure everything was ok. Plenty of beer choices, food was excellent.. The atmosphere was pretty cool, a lot of tv's, seating, and good people laughing. I would definitely come back. Check this place out!
2	Arrived at 1 on a Friday to avoid the lunch rush. Food was placed in front of me :50 minutes later :( "Sorry about the wait, all these people (13) had to eat before you."Not true: I was seated before 11 of them.Ordered the crunchy shrimp wrap (spinach tortilla). Not bad tasting, but the cream cheese (yep) does NOT work. The fat in the cream cheese coats the tongue and blocks the subtle flavors of the shrimp and veggies from coming through. I tasted cream cheese and the green onions. Great mouth feel with the shrimp coating and crispy cuke pieces.I will go back and try something else.Low marks for long wait, surliness, and poor recipe development.
3	I would have given 4 stars since the food was great,  but service is a real problem here. The Yelpers were right!  First, we waited for 15 minutes to be seated.  Then,  once we sat down and ordered drinks, we waited again.  Our waitress finally showed up to take our food order. Guess what? We waiting probably another 15 minutes just to get our salads. Not cool. We finally got oir food,  which was delicious- shepherds pie and lemon herb chicken.  After we got our order, our waitress seemed to disappear.  Busboys were checking on us, refilling drinks, getting leftover boxes, AND getting oir check. Our waitress didn't deserve the tip they automatically add to the check. I disagree with that because her tip would have been much less than they add. Unacceptable. It's too bad because the food was great.  Service needs some serious improvement!
3	Slow service, service staff just kept walking by after they brought out water for our party. They didn't even come by to take our order until we had been sitting there for about 15 minutes. The waitress finally took our order and when the food came out we were happy that they didn't screw it up. All of our selections (Cajun Chicken, Meatloaf & Sliders) were delicious. (Even though they charged us extra for a side of freaking ranch) Overall, they get a C from me. Maybe I'll come back during happy hour and sit at the bar.
4	Love this place!  My husband won't usually go more than 2 miles from our house for food but that was before I brought him here!  Great happy hour plus awesome variety on the menu along with some of the best fries in the city!  We haven't been for breakfast so will have to try that soon!  Check the weekly paper for 2 for 1 coupons!!
1	Service kills this place. I love St. Patty's Day here, and the food is typically enjoyable...but they're not very aware of incoming patrons. Myself and a family member sat in the front for 10 minutes with no service, then went to the bar for service and we were immediately scolded by the bartenders - we weren't gambling, so we couldn't sit there...even though there was only 2 or 3 people at the entire damn bar (obviously there's like 20+ seats at the bar). It was the most shocking experience I've ever had at a restaurant/bar...and it's been similar every time I go back. Come to gamble your money away or don't come at all.*To be accurate and fair - this experience was about 6 months ago, just never wrote a review on Yelp until now.
5	Love it here! The food is ALWAYS awesome, beer is cold and staff is amazing! Erin and Kandy are so cute together behind the bar! Laurisa is such a great server, she always knows our drinks and is very attentive! If your in the area you need to check this bar out!
4	Back to this comfort food emporium late at night for dinner, and the lights were off when Diane and I arrived 15 minutes before the kitchen was scheduled to close.  But, no problem--the waitress switched on the lights again for us, and took our orders.  A bowl of French Onion Soup was good, with real croutons and well-caramelized onions in the broth.  But rather than a solid cap of cheese, a blend of cheeses swirled above the hot broth.Diane and I then enjoyed some well-filled-in cheesy Tater Skins before she downed an order of golden Fish & Chips, that also came with excellent creamy Coleslaw.  Meanwhile, I finished off a good big Dinner Salad with white and  yellow cheese splinters amid clumps of Iceberg Lettuce before dispatching a very generous serving of classic Beef Stroganoff.  The Stroganoff featured pieces of well-cooked beef, mushrooms, and good twisting noodles in a rich and savory Brown Sauce, with a dollop of sour cream on top.Another fine comfort meal here!
5	Migle was a conscientious and fabulous server. Very upbeat and positive. Knew the menu inside and out.  She gave wonderful recommendations. Glasses were chilled and the beer ice cold. It's nice when people pay attention to details!  Very refreshing in a day and age where deplorable service is ubiquitous.
4	Stopped by for breakfast... Service was spot on and the food was good.  Tried the corn beef hash which was basic but tasty.  The sample platter was a good potion of fried food and good as well.  Great spot for a quick meal at a decent price.  Enjoyed the TV's and atmosphere.  Will return...
4	Stopped in on a quiet Tuesday afternoon to enoy happy hour.  Excellent service, decent bar food, and great prices!!  Love the comfy couches for lounging!!  See you again soon!!
1	Worst service in the world!  20 minutes at table and still no waitress/waiter! Can't decide which is more sticky - the  table or the menu. Came here for the yelp reviews of food and should of listened to the reviews on service. The reason the service is so bad is because they add 18% tip to all orders regardless of size. Why give good service when tip is automatic?!?  #HorribleManagementDecision.
1	Service is absolutely HORRIBLE!!!! Waited 15 minutes before was told the bar are was open seating. Then waited another 15  minutes just to place our food order and then the waitress didn't even listen to what was ordered and had to repeat. Waitress was rude and didn't seem to care. Don't think I'll return regardless of how good the food is.
5	Nice and dark inside as a proper pub should be. Good food, you can smoke, friendly staff, jovial regulars, what more could you want?
4	Good food, good service, good music. There's a sign as soon as you enter asking you to sit wherever you like, so not sure why the reviewers from 9 days ago stood at the door for 15 minutes. :)Anyhow, we picked our spot and a server came right over. We asked for menus, which she promptly brought over. We ordered chicken-fried pork chop and wings with fries, Blue Moon for drinks. Everything was very good. Music was a good mix of alternative rock. We will definitely be back.PS - The only negative I have is the wood chairs are a little hard on the backside. But the seats were much more comfy at the bar when we moved over after dinner. We were glad our bartender was nice, the other one did look a little pissy. :)
