4	I freely admit that I am a cookie whore.  Imagine the Cookie Monster glammed up and walking Van Buren.  Yep, that would be me - doing anything for a cookie.  Or maybe that makes me a Cookie Hooker,  a tried-and-true Cook-ker perhaps?  Anyhow, along comes Urban Cookies on an increasingly cool part of 7th St.  to make me consider settling down for this AZ goodie.  Well, I haven't quite settled down or anything -  I'm still shoppin around.  But, the "Simple Urban" cookie which is their simple milk chocolate chip - is one noble effort.  Not quite the best cookies ever, but a valiant try.The mix of ingredients and baking on this is really good.  Perhaps a little too soft from the June heat, but not bad.  Besides being 99% organic, it's soft, chewy, with just the right taste of vanilla and wheat.  The owners are a married couple who bake early in the morning and spend the rest of the day packaging the treats for sale, either one-by-one or by the dozen.   They market themselves as the hip, funky alternative to Mrs. Fields - and they're about right on.These cookies haven't quite made a religious convert out of me or made the Cookie Monster in me give up walking Van Buren - but still good nevertheless.
3	I just had a cookie.It was good.I apologize, in advance, for the eventual closing of this store.  I supported it by buying a cookie.It is not my fault that a cookie store is not a viable business venture.I would like a world where there were cookie stores on every block.I'm sorry.
3	It's a good cookie.. not like mom used to make but a good cookie none the less. I really appreciate these folks! Organic, local, and independent! Just wish they made more kinds of cookies.
2	I want to like this place, I really do.  I mean, I like cookies.  I might even love them.  And it's located right in Central Phoenix.  AND everything's organic.  Why, you ask, don't I like this place then?  Because it's NEVER open.  Seriously.  I tried to go on a weekend.  Oops!  Monday through Friday only.  Then I battle traffic and scoot over after work  with the idea of taking some tasty cookies home for dessert.  Just kidding again!  They closed at 5:30pm.  Tell me, when is a regular ol' office worker supposed to buy some friggin' cookies?  Am I supposed to order them online and then have them shipped to me?  Last time I checked green consumers were supposed to shop locally and avoid having stuff shipped because of the packaging and gas wasted by the little mail trucks and stuff.  Sorry if I'm cranky, but I'm a little irritable when I don't get my dessert.
4	I haven't been to the location yet, so I can't comment on that. However, my husband and I got 8 of these in the mail the other day as a gift and they were pretty damn delicious. The tropical one (with pineapple and coconut) was especially unique and flavorful. I doubt I'd order them as a gift (since they are $25 or so for 8 cookies), but I'm impressed with the couple who started the business' entrepreneurship and really enjoyed the cookies. I do wish they would have done a better job editing the text on the inside of the box - a bunch of the sentences didn't make sense and it looked more like a teenage girls' IM conversation than marketing copy. Oh, well - I still have 4 cookies in the freezer to be thawed in enjoyed in, let's say, the next 48 hours!
5	I had the brilliant idea of bringing cookies to Thanksgiving dinner at the in-laws this year instead of pie like last year...this was my second time ordering, first time at their new location on 7th Street. I was not disappointed - from their super friendly and efficient service to their clean and nifty shop, I know the cookies are fantastic, even though it's best I stay away from wheat. I'm positive their Pumpkin Pecan cookies will be a bigger hit than last year's pie.
4	I was an Urban Studies major in college. I had a huge cowboy crush on John Travolta in Urban Cowboy. And now...Urban Cookies! Big crush! We give them out to our staff and the packaging and cookie selection is urban outstanding. It makes them very happy. I love the Urban Cookie which in additon to chocolate has coconut and walnut. And like the lovely, smart and delicious Christine O says, the Urban Tropical is most unique and flavorful. Well, kinda like Christine!Organic.Locally owned.They plant trees. I mean c'mon. How green and eco friendly can they get?So use your cookies on this one yelpers and get yourself some cookies. You will feel very urban. Scouts honor.
4	It was late on a Sunday night when we returned from our trip to Colorado... just a few days after becoming engaged, but news travels fast - not only did I have Yelp compliments, facebook notes on my wall, emails, texts, and phone calls, but I also had a box waiting on my doorstep.Like a little kid, I tore it open and was pleasantly surprised to see the cutest package ever.  It was a gift package from Urban Cookies custom designed just for us!  Not only was there a sweet message on the box, but it even had a picture of us on the box... and it was wrapped in adorable ribbon.  Inside the box was an assortment of cookies... 2 of each kind.  Also included was a sheet that contained descriptions of each cookie and instructions for heating up the cookies, making them crispier, and even freezing them.  My sweet tooth came on strong tonight and I remembered we had these cookies in our freezer - luckily my fiance didn't eat them all while I was out of town last week.I decided on the "Urban Cookie" - ingredients include dark chocolate from Peru, rolled oats, toasted walnuts, and gourmet coconut bits.  I also made myself a cup of hot chocolate to go with it.  I think I am in cookie heaven.  I demolished the entire cookie but really tried to savor each bite.  I'm excited to try the other flavors - I just hope I get to them before my fiance does!  I will likely use Urban Cookies for gifts in the future - they did a wonderful job!  If you consider yourself or someone you know a "Cookie Monster" or a "Cookie Connoisseur," you must go get some Urban Cookies!
4	I was lucky enough to sample the special cocomint cookies when I stopped by Urban Cookies last week... they are chocolate peppermint cookies dusted with powdered sugar.  I'm not usually a big chocolate cookie fan (I prefer oatmeal if anything) but these were fabulous!These will be available for Valentines day - the perfect sweet treat for your honey (or yourself)!
5	I just had a cookie.It was the equivalent to recieving oral sex.I apologize, in advance, for my rather obscene remark, but these cookies are that 'effing good.  I supported it by buying 5 cookies.  I went back insideafter eating my first to tell the owner it was the best I ever had.It is not my fault that this place can bake orgasms into cookies.I too would like a world where there were cookie stores on every block.  Particularly Urban Cookies.I'm happy.
4	YUM!!After reading about Urban Cookies I had to go.  I made my friends go that day! In fact we picked up our cookies before dinner to be sure we got one before they closed.  Oh my was it worththe trip!I had the Urban Tropic which had perfectly sized bits of pineapple and coconut too!  Words can not describe the deliciousness!  You MUST try an Urban Cookie!  I will be going in the month of February to try the Coco mint!
5	UPDATE: I went back.  The next day.  I know.  My slighty creepy patronage was rewarded with a sample their "Urban Cookie" with dark chocolate, walnuts and a wee bit of coconut.  I was still comming off the crack like halucinations I recieved from the "Simple Urban" when I decided to nibble on this bad mo fo.  It was a HUGE mistake to think I could just take a bite of this cookie and then put down.   I mean, I had just scarfed lunch, and was stuffed so there was no way I should want to eat.  I transformed into a emaciated ethiopian getting their first red cross rations from rich fat missionaries.  I did not eat the cookie, I unhinged my jaw and assimilated it.  Are you kidding me? My first cookie wasn't a gimmic ?  Aren't places like this suppose to have ONE good food item and the rest are suppose to be mediocre to appease the tards that hate good food?  Are you kidding me?
5	I first found Urban Cookies while driving down 7th street.  The though of a boutique dedicated to the baking of cookies caused me to u-turn and head straight in.  The small shop carries a small selection of carefully crafted and amazing cookies.  The "Urban Cookie" is the cookie I was born to eat; made with oatmeal, chocolate and walnuts it is enough to make a grown man cry with joy.  I quickly bought one more of each and took them to others who would enjoy them as much as I did.If you are looking for a killer cookie for yourself or as a gift I fully recommend Urban Cookies.
5	Why I love Urban Cookies:I LOVE COOKIES: These cookies are big, full of fresh, simple ingredients, and perfect. I love all of them but my favorite is the Urban Tropic, no wait... it's the Urban Cookie... It's like picking a favorite kid, and as far as Urban Cookies are concerned, there are simply no redheaded step children.The Website: My friend just got engaged, so I sent a personalized box of cookies back to Jersey. The cookies got there two days faster than expected, and I heard that they were delish. And I read on the website that they will deliver cookies and milk to your door!The Decor: I love the colors, and design of the actual cookie shop. It isn't the granny bows and teddy bears decor that you would expect in a cookie shop. It's very fresh, young, and clean. So the bottom line is: C is for cookie, and cookies are for PHOENIX!!!
5	I love their cookies!   I stopped by as the store is near where I work.  Brought some for my coworkers and they loved them!  I will definitely be back as these cookies are better than what you can make yourself.  People at work were asking me for their website.  I will be ordering from them for family and friends.. I love the cookie called Simple! It is chocolate chip but their other ones are terrific too!
5	I' m psycho for this place.  The sell cupcakes now! (Ollie Cake)  and have longer hours of operations I believe ( I want to say until 7?)  NOM NOM NOM.
5	Is it too much to call these cookies godlike?Because they are, really. I can't think of many times that I have had a cookie where I can taste every single ingredient in each bite.I'm not joking. Upon first bite of an Urban Cookie (I like to imagine a Blood Cookie yelling "Wut up B!"), let's say the amazing Pineapple Coconut, you taste a savory buttery flavor, then an intense, and I mean intensely tart dried pineapple. The sugar, both in the batter and the toasted coconut that tops the upper layer of the cookie helps cut through the tartness and leaves a great moistness in the mouth.Love it.  Also, the cookies are massive for their cost, the store itself is very chic and trendy, and the staff is very nice.I would consider these for my wedding, but I don't think the people coming are quite good enough for these cookies.
5	So, I haven't tried the cookies yet, but....the cupcakes were wonderful!The cupcakes come in individual dixie-cup like cups that you tear apart, which makes them larger than conventional cupcakes, but smaller then the gargantuan muffin-like cupcakes. I tried the Vanilla-Lemon cupcake, Chocolate x2 cupcake, and the Brown Velvet Cupcake (I shared..).The Vanilla-Lemon was superb, the cake is sweet on its own, but the lemon butter-cream frosting was light and zesty - delicious. The Chocolate x 2 is apparently a work in progress, but it I thought it was wonderful.  It tastes like the most delicious cake your Mom used to make - only in cupcake form. The Brown Velvet Cupcake (Chocolate cake with Cream Cheese frosting) was good - though, I think I preferred the Lemon and Chocolate x 2. The Cream Cheese frosting was sweet and actually tasted cream cheesy and was not overburdened with too much confectioners sugar, it was whipped and light - not dense.All of the cupcakes had just enough frosting, and were just the right size. The owner is super nice and chatty, and the atmosphere is great for hanging out and having a bite to eat.
5	yes, the cookies are scrumptous, but i am writing about their cupcakes called ollie cakes...  perfect size, just the right ratio of frosting to cake ( we know how important that is! ) and flavors that can't be beat... my favorite is the chocolate!.. the perfect chocolate cupcake... size, texture, taste ... wow, gotta go and get one now!.. bye...
5	I've had the cookies! Love them! Urban Tropic is my fave! But my real excitement comes from the fact that they now make Cupcakes actually called Ollie Cakes which are so sweetly and cleverly named after their newborn son. I stopped in today and got one of each,(see pics) Chocolate with Chocolate Ganache, Carrot with Cream cheese frosting, Brown Velvet , just like a red velvet but without the Dye! and the Seasonal Lemon Ollie cake. I had to eat a Brown Velvet right there on the spot and WOW! So Super Delicious Fresh and Fluffy Moist with Tangy Cream Cheese frosting that wasn't too sweet. It was total perfection! We took 4 more, 1 of each to go. Thinking that wasn't too smart on a hot day we ended up eating them all in the car, you know so they wouldn't melt ;-) My Favorites were of course the Brown Velvet and the Carrot. The Lemon was OK, definitely one of the better lemon cakes I've had and the Chocolate Ganache was really good too. I'm very pleased to announce that after eating 21/2 Ollie Cakes to myself I did not get sick with the sugar high or heartburn that I normally do after eating cupcakes.Fabulous 5 stars for the Cookies and the Cakes and I just Love the name too!I can't wait to go back and have them again!
5	mmmm mmmmm mmmmm  ......  I'm surprised Cookie Monster is not camped outside of this awesomely fantastic cookie joint.  I swear I tasted every single ingredient, right down to the butter.  Huge cookies with huge taste.  You can even special order egg-free cookies.  The Tropic and the Simple were outstanding.  I could gain 20 lbs in a week at that place, that's how addictive and delicious these cookies are!Can't wait to go back to try the Ollie cakes.
5	We LOVE this place.  I read about it in Raising Arizona Kids, and we decided to go looking for it the other night.  We got a little lost (it helps to know the address and/or write down directions when looking for a new place).  My husband and I shared an ice cream sandwich, and we ordered two ollie-cakes to go.  While we sat and ate our sandwich we talked with one of the owners, who was super friendly.  The ice cream sandwich was delicious: a generous amount of ice cream stuffed between double chocolate cookies.  My husband thought the cookies were a little too hard to bite into, but I didn't think it was much of an issue.  Since we didn't want to COMPLETELY ruin our appetite for dinner with our ice cream sandwich, we each ordered an ollie-cake to go.  These were the primary reason we wanted to visit the bakery.  My husband got a chocolate cupcake with chocolate icing and I got white cake with lemon icing.  They were both incredible!  I'm not generally a fan of desserts, cakes and the like, usually because they're TOO sweet, but these were perfect.  And the chocolate icing was BEYOND perfect.  Probably the best chocolate icing I've ever tasted.Organic ingredients, local eggs, family owned, friendly people.... we'll be back again, and again, and again.  Oh, and we're definitely getting cakes here for our daughter's first birthday in November!
5	UH-MAY-ZING! Their cookies are sooooo good. I bought two -- the Urban and the Urban Tropic. I ate the Urban first and was going to take the Tropic home. After finishing the the first one, I stared at the second one for a minute before thinking "Who am I kidding?!" and proceeding to devour that one as well. Friendly owner, cute shop, awesome cookies! I'll be going back to try the cupcakes, for sure!
5	I love their cupcakes.LOVE.I thought that the chocolate frosting was heaven.  Heaven.  HEAVEN!Or hell, if you're a satanist or whatever.Way, way, way better than stupid Sprinkles.
1	Such a disappointment!After reading all the sparkling reviews, I was hoping it would be a godsend to this organic eater, but unfortunately, it was not.  If I could give it  1.5 stars, I would...just on the basis of the only edible item I had: the urban cookie.  It was so-so.  The simple urban cookie was dry-- which seemed to be the theme of this bakery.   Bought 2 Ollie cakes (cupcakes): chocolate/chocolate and the white cake with lemon frosting.  Both cakes were heavy and dry.  The lemon frosting was slightly pleasant.  The "ganache" on top of the chocolate was like a big lump of frosting without any personality of its own other than of being chocolate.  Bottom line: I spent nearly $9 and ended up dumping everything except the urban cookie.  Best organic cookies are made from scratch and the recipe on the Sunspire Organic Chocolate Chips bag if you use organic sugar which is crystallized.  Incredible!  Other than that, although they're not organic, I'll stick with Fry's and Honey Moon Sweets (sold at Whole Foods) for cakes.
2	Why is it so grainy? Are cookies that are mostly organic supposed to feel grainy? After skimming through the other reviews on here, maybe I just went on an off-day. It was Halloween 2009 when I stopped in with a friend for a couple of cookies, and decided to take home a dozen other cookies, and another dozen cupcakes. I guess I should've tasted them before I decided to drop $40 on 2 dozen treats. The service was nice, but it felt a little awkward. There wasn't a huge selection of cupcakes/cookies, so I told them I just wanted to do 3 types of each to make it 2 dozens for my boxes. I was with a friend I hadn't seen in a while, so while we were in conversation, the counter-servers interrupted us a few times to ask which cookies/cupcakes I wanted. I thought the taste of the cookies and cupcakes was pretty good, but I just didn't understand the texture of the cookies. The cupcakes here were actually "cup"cakes. I didn't like the little cups they cooked the treats in. They made it difficult to pry open the dessert to eat. I would have much rather prefer paper liners. I had so many, and was able to eat them through the week for breakfast, but I probably won't return.
4	Phoenix needs more shit like this place. I recommend you support the local independently owned businesses like this for fucks sake ! Their cookies & cupcakes are amazingly good, even better when you're high out of your mind.
4	People that work here/own the place are very very nice and considerate. Their cookies speak for themselves, they are yum, i love their ice cream cookie (only available in the summer) too bad they don't come with other cookies. This place deserves going to at least once if you are in phoenix
2	I can't believe how wrong I was ... wtf?
5	Terrific cookies, great service, innovative gift packages.  Highly recommend.
4	While on my quest to find the perfect cookie, I came across Urban Cookies in Phoenix. After many failed attempts to stop by when they were actually open (I went on Sundays when cookie ovens rest), I finally made my way to their quaint downtown shop during business hours. Less is more and Urban Cookies has this trick mastered. As you walk in, it's no bigger than your Grandma's kitchen. But it's trendy, clean and immediately gives you the feeling that you're about to taste something spectacular. The counter top was lined with cookies and cupcakes. The friendly staffer welcomed me and gave me a brief rundown on the cookie selection. All but one of the cookie types are permanent and then they switch out the "special" here and there. When I visited, they were featuring the lemon cookie. They had about six different kinds of cookies. I couldn't discriminate, so I left with three different kinds: one chocolate chip coconut, chocolate oatmeal, and the special of the week...the lemon cookie. Yes, it's a dominate chocolate selection, but I have a bit of a chocolate addiction. I admit it. So, like a kid who got away with their hand in the cookie jar, I left with a bright smile on my face, while I avoided eye contact with my will power. After "taste testing" each of the cookies (ok, I didn't just taste test them; I finished them over the course of a couple days), I can full endorse Urban Cookies' awesomeness. I think the coconut chocolate chip was my favorite, followed by the lemon. The lemon literally crumbled and melted in your mouth all at once. I wish I could have stayed and enjoyed everything the cookie shop had to offer, but I plan on making frequent visits to quench my cookie addiction. In summary, I give Urban Cookies a cookieliscious high five for their tasty treats.
3	I can't tell you how many times I've driven past Urban Cookies and thought to myself I should stop in one day.  That day was finally today.I loved the cute tables and chairs outside and was impressed by the simple, clean decor inside.  The chalkboard behind the counter  had a cute Cooke Monster drawn on it along with other information about pricing and selection.  The guy at the counter was super friendly and offered up his favorite cookie and cupcake flavors when I asked.  I immediately selected a cherry cookie and a lemon cupcake.  Once he rang them up, I selected another cookie to meet the $5 minimum credit/debit purchase - the pineapple coconut cookie.  He boxed up my treats in a very cute brown box with pink on the inside.  Off I went with my goodies, anxious to try them once back at the office.I tried the cherry cookie first.  It was good - a bit crumbly, a bit chewy, and a bit crunchy... all of which are great.  There was a bit of coarse cugar sprinkled on top, which I thought was a nice touch.  Unfortunately, I didn't taste any cherry.  Wasn't it a cherry cookie?  Sure enough, there were some dark red bits but they didn't have much flavor.  It was just a tasty, sweet cookie.  The pineapple coconut cookie, on the other hand, was really good.  I could taste both flavors and they mixed together very well.  I could even pick out the texture of each fruit.  Nice touch.  I have yet to sample the lemon cupcake.  I did taste a bit of the frosting and found it to be VERY sweet.  I'll have to wait a little while until I can handle more sugar.I rated Urban Cookies three stars on the merits of the friendly staff and being a local business.  I'd like to return another time if I feel like splurging on a cookie, but I definitely won't be a regular patron unless their prices drop a little.
4	I stopped by here today on my way to the unfortunately closed Rowdy Boutique. I figure what better way to cure my shopper woes by stuffing my face with a chocolate cupcake? Okay, we got more than that but I had good intentions to stop at one. Anyways, for me, we got the milk chocolate chip cookie, brown velvet cupcake and chocolate cupcake. For hubby, we got the urban cookie (dark chocolate, coconut, and oatmeal), their speciality cookie: cherry, and a carrot cupcake. The cookies are $1.79 and cupcakes $1.99. All I have eaten thus far is the chocolate cupcake and oh man, it was heaven. The cake was very moist and the frosting was lick off my fingers delicious. It tasted like a dark chocolate frosting so a hint of that dark chocolate bitterness. Yum, yum, yum. Now, I wonder if my husband will remember that he has a carrot cupcake or miss it if I snatch it up??? I suppose it is a little expensive but well worth it for those once in a while indulgences or to surprise someone with a sweet treat. And sweet treat, it was...
5	Finally got to visit this place after seeing the tweet for a free cookie. It was tasty! I tried the urban tropic and was not disappointed, I also tried a lemon cupcake and the frosting was so sweet/lemony and whipped. MmMm! Also tried the ice cream sandwich from the boyfriend and it was fantastic! Really good, and light tasting vanilla ice cream and your choice of cookies to sandwich it. The counter guy was real cool and the atmosphere was nice. We need more places like this in Arizona.
5	we popped in today while in the area, and copped some cookies and cupcakes. Now I don't really eat sweets much, but wifey wanted to go and how can I say no to that face....I ended up getting this chocolate chip cookie that looks like it's mixed with oatmeal and some other stuff, can't wait to eat it. I also got a Carrot cupcake that's suuuuper good. I also got a chery cookie that my son and I absolutely loved, it tasted like a great cherry scone.  If you need some good cookies in this part of town, you've found your spot....now I just needs me some milk
4	YUM YUM YUM.  Okay getting right to it!  Brown Velvet Cupcake, check.  Signature Urban cookie, check.  Monthly specialty Vanilla Bean sugar cookie, check.  Instant desert gratification, CHECK.  They don't have the variety of a grocery bakery, but this place has quality over quantity down to a science.  Everything we had was amazing, I almost need to forget it exists :)!  And to those cookies left there that narrowly escaped my clutches, I'll be back for you :)!!  Trust me, this place is worth an extra hike or spin class this week!
4	Fresh ingredients, great service, unique cookies.  Very good cookies and cupcakes but a little overpriced.
4	It's exactly as its named: Urban (cute, clean lined modern- chalkboard menu and the likes) and, they sell cookies. During my visit, we tried their cookies and their Ollie Cakes.  For the cookies, we had the Urban (dark chocolate, walnuts, coconut, oats) and the Simple (milk chocolate chip).  I didn't end up liking the Urban, it might've been the certain batch it came from, because it was a bit dry.  Their Simple milk chocolate chip cookies on the otherhand, were awesome.  Crisp and chewy.As for the Ollie cakes, we had chocolate chocolate (chocolate cake, chocolate ganache butter-cream) and carrot cake (carrot cake, cream cheese frosting). Both were very moist and the frosting wasn't too too sweet, as I usually have to smear off a lot of the frosting to make a cupcake palatable. I noticed too, that they use the same kind of liners I use when I bake cupcakes :) Overall, it was a cool spot, but only giving 3.5 stars because it didn't "blow me away". I am rounding up because they're an Organic Bakery.
4	Now, it is no secret that I love all things sweet.  So, naturally, a place like Urban Cookies would be at the top of my list for indulgences... and it definitely is.  The assortment of cookies and cupcakes is perfect.  There are about a half-dozen options of each - enough to give variety but not overwhelm.  I am a huge fan of the Urban Dark and Tropic cookie.  They are the perfect balance of sweet, nutty, chewy goodness.  I just tried my first cupcake yesterday - caramel buttercream atop an apple spice cake.  Mmmm.  One of the better (if not best) cupcakes in town.  And, under $2?  Definitely makes my wallet happy. The numerous options for holiday and corporate gifts look interesting.  Something to keep in mind for hostess gifts this coming holiday season!
5	Husband and I have been trying to go to Urban Cookies for a while now. For one reason or another we kept missing its store hours. We finally made it today, and boy, were we glad. I had a vanilla cupcake and he had the urban cookie, which has chocolate chips and walnuts. The cookie was the perfect balance of moist and crispy. The guy behind the counter told us that the vanilla cupcakes was a special, but when they rotated it out people yelled at them. After taking one bite, I totally understood why. The cupcake is the best I've ever had. The vanilla frosting is not too sweet, perfectly creamy and melts in your mouth. I just hope they get more business so they can expand their hours!
5	Delightful. As good as cupcakes can get! I was given these cupcakes as a gift, and it prompted me to stop in. I tried the peanut butter cupcake, think Reeses Pieces....Double chocolate (my son devoured), and chocolate with a cream cheese topping....All were fresh and wonderful. The place and packaging is super cute too....Looks like they have a repeat customer :)
5	I have gone on the record innumerable times, and voiced my brazen opinion to any and all who will listen: my hatred of the cupcake runs deep- or USED (should be italicized but yelp has failed to provide this option, note that a capitalized "used" in this context is meant to imply emphasis rather than shouting) to....Urban Cookies, you are, to borrow the monicre of the brilliant patrick, So Urbane!the quality of your cupcake is cake quality, the frostings are to die for, and your cookies are beyond delicious, they are scrumptrilescent!you've made a believer outta me, and i challenge anyone to present me a cupcake that is half as good as yours! come payday and around 4...hmm 35 ish i will be there!woofreakinhooasdamngoodasitgets*drops microphone*
3	1 dozen cookies came in at just under $20- and we wonder why money is tight.  I have to say, they were a nice treat, a bit sticker shocked but I am over it now.... The shop is cute, the cookies are on display in cute jars, I just asked for a variety since I was bringing them to a meeting.  The guy behind the counter was friendly enough.  Now I can say I have been, they were good.  Not the best I've ever had but good.
4	Stopped at Urban Cookies today for an after lunch snack with a coworker. It is an adorable tiny little shop with awesome cookies in giant glass jars. I tried the Cocomint and it was delicious...but I am a chocolate lover so it is really not hard to please me!I took a Gingerbread Stout Cupcake to-go for my husband and I am really excited to taste it as it is made with Guiness Stout! Also, for $1.99 a cupcake it is reasonably priced compared to Sprinkles!Really cool place to checkout if you are in the downtown phoenix area.
5	Urban Cookies - I love you.  Ollie Cakes - I REALLY love YOU! I am a girl with a massive sweet-tooth.  There is nothing better sounding to me that a shop that sells nothing other than cookies and cupcakes (well, and drinks, of course).  Most cupcakeries are a huge disappointment to me - overpriced and underwhelming.  Ollie Cakes, on the other hand, are scrumptious! They are reasonably priced (so I never feel bad when I get 2...), and seriously the most delicious in town.  I especially love the carrot cake flavor.  Mmmm. Must go back.  Daily.  Hmm... maybe that would be bad for me?
5	We use Urban Cookies for many events at our Studio. Every time, guests are interested in the cookies and cupcakes to the point that they want to know who made them. I now look for their stuff at many of the coffee shops and snack places I frequent :)
5	Wow... this place, Urban Cookies, was designed for indulgence!  Really... how can one go wrong with a cute lil bakery that specializes in cookies and cupcakes?  The only problem you'll encounter here is making up your mind on which to choose.  I went with the Carrot Cake cupcake and it was delicious... even the frosting was top notch!  I also sampled lil bites from my friends choices and all were good.  Not sure if I'd come here often as it's not so good on the waistline but I believe in balance and this place will definitely fit onto my 'cheat days' list!  I've been to other places that were good but didn't make the cut... Urban Cookies and I have a date really soon, however!See ya there!
5	I love them I love them I love them. I picked up a 6 pack of Cupcakes today (one of them my daughter took off of my hands before I even got them home), they have 5 different flavors 4 of which they have all year long and the 5th is seasonal. The ones I picked up were Brown Velvet, Carrot Cake, Chocolate Chocolate, Vanilla and the seasonal one, Lemon. I got two Brown Velvet (one of which is the one that disappeared on me) and they are all delectable and so beautiful I have to post a picture. We also got some of their Lemon Shortbread cookies and I am telling you if nothing else, get down there and try one of those bad boys they are DIVINE. Clean and citrusy and light and crispy and everything else you would think they would be but wouldn't expect them to be able to live up to.  This is a must try if you're in downtown Phoenix or don't mind a drive ^_-
4	As I stood in line at Royal Coffee I saw a chocolate chip Urban Cookie staring up at me from the counter.  "Eat me," it said.  As I had been wanting to try Urban Cookies since back when I wrote my snippy review, I needn't be told twice.  I seized the opportunity to sample their goods without battling to get to their retail store.O.M.G.  So delicious.  I gobbled that cookie down like I hadn't eaten in years.  Freaking amazing.  Urban Cookies, I did not doubt that you would be amazing when we finally met, and you lived up to my expectations and then some.  After my cookie enlightenment, I checked their website to see if I was still to be tormented by their unattainable hours of operation.  No!  They are now open on Saturdays.  I am squealing with delight (on the inside, as I am at work and squealing is not so professional).  Now the only thing standing in my way is the trek across the 17 and maybe a little bit of that pesky willpower that will tell me eating cookies for three meals a day is not a good idea.
4	I love love love their cookies and Ollie cakes. I first came here about 1.5 years ago on a recommendation and now I can't recommend the cookies enough! I love them so much that I have given them as thank you gifts and brought some for Thanksgiving dinner with the bf's family. The Ollie cakes are always a hit!! Thanks for making my taste buds happy. Thanks to you... Everyone wants a thank you present from us in a box with a sticker from Urban Cookies :-)
2	I'm sorry, but these four and five star reviews are a bit much for this place.  The cookies are good, but nothing earth shattering.  Plus, when you are charging almost $2 (ridiculous!) a cookie...they better be the best I've had, and they just aren't.  If Paradise Bakery charges almost $1.50 per cookie then I'd say these cookies should have a street value of about $1.  Sorry, but I'll take a Paradise Bakery Cookie over an Urban cookie any day.
3	The chocolate peppermint cookie was one of the best they have to offer.  I was not too impressed with the flavors of the others.  The chocolate chip cookie had a bit of a weird after taste too it. While I was there I also got to try the Ollie Cakes.  The Irish Cream, Vanilla and Carrot cupcakes were really good.  The cake was moist and flavorful/  The frosting for the Irish cream cupcake tasted a little too salty and too lemon-y for the vanilla cupcake, that it was refreshing. I did not like the chocolate cake at all!
4	After picking up my car from the body shop, I decided to get myself a lil treat. Urban Cookies came to mind since it has been one of my bookmarks for a few months now. Since this was my 1st visit here I tried a lil bit of everything; cookies- simple (chocolate chip), snickerdoodle & the April special peanut butter, a bag of 6 perfectly sized brownies & a brown velvet cupcake. I sampled the simple & snickerdoodle & both were delish, I had the entire pb cookie & it was so yummy. I also had a brownie & it was super soft but almost too rich. The winner of the bunch was definitely the brown velvet, OMG was that cupcake amazing! I am not a big frosting fan, but I could have ate this cream cheese frosting by the spoonful. Total for 3 cookies, bag of brownies & 1 cupcake was about $19. Next time I am getting a dozen brown velvet cupcakes, that I may or may not be sharing...
5	The cupcakes are out of this world! I picked some up in the evening for a birthday celebration and they even tasted amazing the next morning. Every flavor I tried rocked my world, but the vanilla, brown velvet, and carrot were the front runners. At half the price of sprinkles (and tastier) they are very reasonable.  Even my cupcake-hating husband fell in love with these little cupcakes.  This local business does it right by keeping it simple and high quality. Was told they are about to roll out a different seasonal flavor every week.
4	We love Urban Cookies.  Whenever we're on that side of town, we always stop in and get a treat.  We love the ice cream cookies they have in the summer.  They're so big we have to share.  All the cupcakes are so delicious.  Yummy!
2	I have been wanting to try this place for a long time and went out of my way to get there.  I decided to have sweets in leu of lunch and with all the raves, I thought Urban Cookies would be worth it.  I was disappointed.  Not bad cookies, just not very memorable and not a good lunch substitute either.  I had the ice cream cookie sandwich with two different cookies but I cannot remember what they were (did not leave lasting memories).  I wanted to sit down somewhere and eat my goody, but the seating area was not ice-cream cookie sandwich friendly, meaning the tables were too low to be comfortable at.  The guy at the counter seemed a little put on, like he was making an effort to help me with my selection.  I was not impressed like others with the "cuteness" of the establishment, for five dollars a treat, I prefer a little more comfort and good service than cute. I can make home-made cookies and cupcakes at home, I wanted a little more than just that.   Will not come back.
5	Where do I begin with how wonderful this place is?  Oh Urban Cookies, you are messing with my waistline and I like it!  By far the best cookies and cupcakes I have ever had in my life.  I literally have to fight myself from not going here on a weekly basis.  Their double chocolate sea salt cookies are too die for as well as their Chocolate X2 Cupcakes.  Everyone raves about Sprinkles but I won't give them the time of day.  They seem to be overpriced and on top of that they're not local.  The staff at Urban Cookies are so friendly and they make the tastiest cupcakes yet!
5	Oh.My.God.  I consider cakes (regular, cup, pan) to be their own food group, and it is my favorite.  I have an addiction.  I happened to drive past OllieCake today and saw their sign outside: "We Won Cupcake Wars".  Again, I have an addiction.  I had to stop--cupcakes are my drug of choice..  The inside is cute and tiny.  I managed to control myself and only get 4 (and a cookie).  So far I've only had the vanilla (as I've said in my review for Sprinkles--how hard is it to screw up a vanilla), and it was UH-MAZING.  The frosting wasn't too sweet and the cake was perfectly moist, and they are cheaper than the "other" cupcake shop.  You should just go there right now.
5	I am not a huge fan of spending $3.50 on a cupcake, but at this place I didn't have to, and the cupcakes were better than those other places where you do have to spend $3.50 a cupcake! My husband and I came in here on Saturday afternoon after watching them win on Cupcake Wars. We ordered the lemon, carrot cake, brown velvet and orange marmalade with rosewater frosting. We then took them to my in-laws for dessert that evening and quartered each cupcake so we all got to try a bite. My favorite was the orange marmalade one. Too bad it won't be on the menu for too long. My second fave was the lemon, then brown velvet then carrot cake. The carrot cake was a little too heavy in my opinion. But I don't even know if its possible to make a light and fluffy carrot cake cupcake. I love supporting small, local businesses, and this is definitely one you will want to support! Congratulations on your win, Urban Cookies!!
5	One of the best cupcakes I've ever tried and since I write a cupcake bakery mystery series, I eat a lot of cupcakes (research, you know).  They have the best frosting I've ever tasted and an excellent frosting to cake ratio.  I am not at all surprised that they won on Cupcake Wars.  Excellent!
5	OMG better then sprinkles! I love the carrot cake and the lemon cupcakes!!
4	I went back to  Urban Cookies after a not so hot visit in July if thats even possible.  Anyway, my daughter and I were yearning for a sweet bite and were unusually in the neighborhood so we stopped by.  My daughter got the chocolate cupcake and devoured it within seconds, liked it, but said "you know I love chocolate but this is too much chocolate"  so if you like too much chocolate this cupcake is for you.  I on the other hand tried the featured cupcake that was in an orange shell.  I took it home for later that evening.  Well when later came I was in anticipatory mode, hoping beyond hope that this would be the experience I desired from eating way too many calories.  It was AWESOME and I savored every delectable bite!  The name should be changed to Urban Cupcakes which are way better than the cookies in my opinion.  So I will definitely drop by again when in the area and need a cupcake fix.  A Congratulation on the Cupcake Wars win is definitely in order!!!
5	My friends and I did a "Cupcake Crawl" for a 40th birthday celebration.  This was our final stop.  I've been here before for the Urban Cookies and knew I would not be disappointed.The place is small and was packed. I'm this was due to being Cupcake Wars (Congrats and well deserved!)We were all so full from our other 5 cupcake bakery stops, that we actually ordered to go.  So I only tried two myself:1) The Vegan Banana cupcake - banana cake is scented with cardamom and topped with a vanilla frosting.  I've tried several different vegan cupcakes, some you can tell and some you can't.  This is one that you can't.  It was like a light banana bread with a very smooth vanilla frosting. Very yummy!2) Peach-Berry Shortcake Cupcake - A peach corn cake is topped with a lemon cream cheese frosting, a berry compote and a tarragon shortcake.  While I couldn't really taste the peach in the corn cake, I absolutely LOVED the berry compote. And the lemon frosting was tangy and delicious!I received reports from two of my friends that took the Tomato Soup and Grilled Cheese cupcakes home. Both gave rave reviews and one even said it was the best cupcake she'd ever had.  So now, I can't believe I passed up the Tomato Soup and Grilled Cheese cupcake!I will definitely be going back for more.
4	yeah, ice cream cookies in the summer probably the highlight of my time here in phoenix, but their cupcakes from (ole cakes, same business). Are also delicious. When you cut into the cupcake itself and you hear the cake speak to you...literally you just can't help but get overly excited and when you take that bite your excitement is met by pure carnal hedonism... get that!
4	Delicious brown velvet cupcakes...reasonably priced at $2.34 and quite tasty!  I will definitely be back!
5	Curse you OllieCake!  I am a cupcake addict on my way to recovery, but discovering you 2 weeks ago has caused a major relapse.  These cupcakes are amazing.  Whenever I go, I tell myself that I will just get a couple.  I never leave with less than a half dozen.  I've been 3 times in 2 weeks and drive all the way from North Scottsdale.  My favorite flavors are the Campfire cupcake, Chocolate cupcake, and the Margarita cupcake.  The Campfire cupcake is chocolate orange cake with cream cheese frosting topped with dark chocolate shavings and a small orange slice.  Pure heaven!  My favorite cupcake of all time!  The chocolate cupcake is chocolate cake with chocolate ganache butter cream frosting.  Super rich and a chocolate lovers dream.  The Margarita cupcake, which they usually only have on cinco de mayo, has tequila lime butter cream frosting with a surprise sprinkle of salt.  It is moist and refreshing.  The store is small and super cute.  The staff is always upbeat and courteous.  This is by far the best cupcake shop in the Valley and possibly one of the best in the country!  OllieCake is my desert island food!
5	Glad to see them on the map after winning Cupcake Wars!!! Their cupcakes rival if not beat Sprinkles. Brown Velvet, Peach-Berry Shortcake, and Tomato Soup & Grilled Cheese (sounded weird) but that last one was on Cupcake Wars and it was surprisingly really good as well!!!! Not to mention their stuff is all organic (hence the brown velvet instead of red) Definitely get their cupcakes and you won't be disappointed. Just try and keep yourself from going too many times.... Hasn't worked well for our family yet. lol.
5	I like to think of myself as a cupcake fanatic, but that also means that I am a bit choosy about my cake.  Urban Cookie/Ollie Cake bakes the most amazing cupcakes that I have ever had in my life (don't tell my mom)!  The cake is so moist and the frosting is perfect...not too sweet. The prices are great too...cupcakes are usually around $2.50, and well worth it.  All the flavors that I have tasted are fantastic, but the Brown Velvet is better than sex.
3	So I gave it a 3 because the cookies are a 5 and the cupcakes are a 0. Cupcakes are not moist flavorful nor are they very sweet or good at all. Science experiment gone wrong! But cookies are perfect just stay away from cupcakes here.
5	This little place smells like heaven! I had their cupcakes and cookies for the first time tonight. Fantastic!
5	The cupcakes are DIVINE. It is like eating an orgasm, especially the brown velvet. And because it is organic, it makes me feel a little better. It might not necessarily be healthy but the fact that it's organic allows me to pretend that it is. SO NUMMY!!!
4	I can certainly see why Urban Cookies, aka Ollie Cakes, won cupcake wars... WOW!  Good thing I don't live close, I'd be an absolute addict!The brown velvet is awesome and the lemon is unbelievable!  I don't know what it was called, but it was the cake they made from the first round of Cupcake Wars with the odd ingredients... Admittedly, I was scared because it was a series of things that did not go together and certainly did not seem destined for cupcake fame... But oh my, was it good!  Savory without being gross and sweet without being cloying... Give it a try...Tried these on the same day I tried a Tammie Coe a couple months ago and the TC cakes, service, price, taste, texture, and presentation did not hold a candle to my Ollie Cakes!  My only downgrade was for the cookies... They were grainy, bland, and disappointing... Maybe the cupcakes are just so damn good that nothing else can compete...
5	flippin' amazing cupcakes!!  i love how they use local and organic ingredients...  it makes me feel a lot less guilty for indulging in these delicious bombs of flavor!  when we came here we ordered almost one of every cupcake flavor, omitting only lemon.i HIGHLY recommend the pumpkin cupcake.  as we described it, it's like "thanksgiving in one bite."  simply perfect.  some of my favorite cupcake shops back in Cali make their pumpkin cupcakes with too heavy of the frosting or with an unnatural pumpkin flavoring, but this one was balanced very nicely.i also really enjoyed their orange blossom.  their brown velvet was good too.  come to think of it, i'm a fan of their coconut as well...  actually, just get anyone of them.  seriously, when in pheonix, you've gotta try one of these delights!!
5	who would have thought that i'd fallen in love with a pineapple coconut cookie?  well, i did!  these are a must try if you check out Urban Cookies.  also, their take on the classic chocolate chip is amazing!!!  so glad to hear that they ship their cookies nationally!
4	Booyahh!!! Great vegan banana cupcake.
5	Best chocolate chunk and walnut cookie I've ever had! Love this place!
5	I never really had sweet tooth.  Given the choice between a piece of cake or a pickle, the pickle wins every time.  Urban Cookies has changed me.I've sampled just about every cupcake that's offered, and here are a few highlights:The orange blossom cupcake is a delightful surprise, with subtle flavors and great texture.  My personal favorite.The chocolate cupcake is the best chocolate thing I've ever eaten.  Think about that for just a second.  The BEST chocolate thing I've ever had.The carrot cake cupcake reminds me of my childhood.  In a really good way.The strawberry cupcake actually tastes like strawberries!To sum up, Urban Cookies has made me appreciate the sweeter things in life.  Thank you.
5	This place is off the chain! I saw one of the owners give a presentation about the 'science of baking', which was greatly informative. Also, checked them out as the winners of a 'Cupcake Wars' episode.  After being disappointed by another 'cupcake chain', I was hesitant to visit Urban Cookies and Ollie Cakes.  I will now say that they have made me a customer for life!  Their cookies are the best I've ever tasted outside of my homemade. Their chocolate chip and oatmeal cookies were awesome!  I also have to say that their cupcakes were DELICIOUS!!  I have never had a cupcake so moist and flavorful. They were not sickenly sweet and dry like the ones from a 'chain cupcake shop'.  The strawberry, brown velvet, and vanilla were wonderful.  And, the fact that they are made from organic ingredients AND are still affordable are the icing on the cake (no pun intended....). I can not say enough about this place. Definitely worth the trip!
5	After my first visit to Urban Cookies/Ollie Cakes, I immediately wanted to log on here and give them a five-star rating. I do, however, have a two-visit minimum for places I live near before I review them, so I waited a few more visits before coming on here to review.You know what? They're still five-star cupcakes.I am really picky about my cupcakes, especially since I moved to Arizona and realized that Phoenix-area cupcake bakeries are trying to subdue all their customers through sugar comas. Not so with Ollie Cakes. Not only do they emphasize natural and local, they emphasize moderation. Moderate-sized cupcake. Moderate amount of frosting. Moderate sweetness. Moderate (to low) prices.I love the people I've met who work there (Dan, and a lovely short-haired lady whose name I didn't catch today). I love these cupcakes. I've tried their pumpkin spice (November special), carrot cake (several times), banana, brown velvet, and raspberry pistachio (December special). I'm a cream-cheese lover, so I haven't strayed much from cupcakes with icing containing cream cheese or mascarpone. Don't need to. They're that good.Believe it or not, the simple brown velvet is my favorite. Their chocolate cake is mind-bogglingly good. It's moist, delicately chocolatey, has a nice, fine crumb, and also holds together while eating. It's basically everything a chocolate cupcake should be. Let me rephrase. It's everything a chocolate cupcake should be. The swirl of cream cheese icing on top is the right size, shape, and quantity to match the cupcake.Give 'em a try for sure. While a lot of the Food Network places have some undeserved fame, Ollie Cakes deserves every praise that could be lavished upon it. This place has my undivided cupcake business--no one else even comes close.
5	Urban Cookies makes the best cupcake (er, OllieCakes) in Arizona - trust me, I've tried every cupcake shop here.The flavors are always rich and often times creative (tomato soup, peach) and the cake is the perfect moist texture.  The price is also right, as a cupcake will run you about $2.35 - that's CHEAP in the cupcake scene, folks. The staff has always been so friendly and the owner recently won a Food Network cupcake competition! As well as taking home the "most creative cupcake" title at the Cupcake Love In.
5	The BEST cupcakes I've ever had period.  Perfectly moist, perfectly sweet.  Plus they are organic!  I picked up some organic cupcakes from Whole Foods over the weekend (just because I was there), and they were awful...The lesson?  Organic cupcakes can be delicious if you get them here.I think I would do anything for their Brown Velvet cupcake--not that the other flavors aren't good, that just happens to be my favorite.  Go here NOW and get yourself some!!!
5	Orange Blossom cupcakes and Pineapple Coconut cookies might change your life!  Plus the staff was super cool.
5	Hmm, some time has gone by since I first tried their cupcakes. Maybe I should have another visit to refresh my memory?Okay, that's really just a clever ploy to eat more cupcakes.But let's be honest: you know when you step out of your car into a tiny, gritty parking lot in Phoenix and you are smacked upside the head with the smell of CHOCOLATE! WARM BAKING CHOCOLATE! instead of pollution and hot garbage bins, you are in for a real treat.The man working behind the counter that afternoon was very patient as my friend and I wondered googly-eyed at case of goodies. After an embarrassingly long time spent deciding, I walked out of there with a half-dozen differently flavored caloric little angels.While each cake was moist with the right balance of fluffy to crumby, topped with a generous amount of frosting, the highlights for me were the Mexican Chocolate (rich, warm, and spicy) and Orange Blossom (bright, floral, and citrusy).As if taste alone isn't enough to go by, this place uses lots of local and organic ingredients and somehow still manages to beat out other shops in price per cake!
5	I was addicted to Sprinkles but had to check this place out since they won Cupcake Wars and now I am craving Ollie Cakes! The guy at the front (Dan) was very genuine, friendly, laid back and provided great customer service. The Orange Blossom was so delicious I practically inhaled it and had to get another one for the road! These cupcakes are priced just right and are absolutely delicious!
5	I love their cupcakes!  They are just the right size and have just the right amount of frosting.  The cake is awesome too!  Tastes homemade.  Love, love, love them!  This is my go-to place when I want to pick up something wonderful for dessert.  I ordered a dozen chocolate for Christmas and everyone was impressed.  Those cupcakes were so fresh (just one smell of the box and you were in heaven).  If you go there, you might miss this place because it is hard to spot when driving by.  I wish they would put a huge cupcake right out front.  I am so glad I found this place.  Go . . . take friends or bring some home.  And go often.
5	There are no words great enough to describe how the cupcakes at OllieCake tasted or made me feel eating them.For many years I've driven past Urban Cookies at times when they have been closed.  I kept saying to myself, "You need to go here during the day and try this place out."  After finding out the owners are ASU alumni, I demanded that I go and support this local business owned by fellow Sun Devils.  OH MY GOD was I disappointed I hadn't come here sooner.  I bought the vegan banana and brown velvet for myself and a carrot cake and brown velvet for my dad.  I couldn't wait to get to my dad's house to eat one.  I ate the banana in my car while I was driving and had to pull over.  It was so moist and so delicious.  It was a banana cupcake, not banana bread with frosting on top.  Just awesome.I set down my dad's for him and asked him to eat them and tell me if he thought Sprinkles is better.  Before he ate one, he looked at me like I was crazy for asking that question.  (He's a big fan of Sprinkles).  He started eating them and said, "I think they beat Sprinkles."  OllieCake cupcakes are not as large as Sprinkles, but there is enough goodness to satisfy you.  Oh OllieCake.... How do I love thee?  Let me count the ways...........
1	OllieCake and Urban Cookies are housed in the same building and come from the same till but since I got a cookie and a cupcake, I'll review them separately.The cookie selection is housed in jars next to the till. There were plenty of flavours left despite us arriving later in the day. I went with the sea salt chocolate. Usually, when you get something with sea salt on it, it's just sprinkled on the top but this had the topping PLUS sea salt mixed in. It made for a ridiculously salty cookie, especially after having the heavy, sweet cupcake. It was also on the drier, and smaller, side. Definitely not worth over $2. Offer a larger, softer, fresher cookie and I wouldn't feel so ripped off. Also, stick to a simple sprinkling of sea salt and not a ton in the batter.
5	One word...amazing!I stopped in after work yesterday to pick up a last minute dessert for a birthday party. Being a terribly indecisive person, I couldn't decide on a single cake flavor so I figured cupcakes were the perfect solution. The owner was an absolute doll and carefully selected an assortment of 18 cupcakes, even taking the time to perfectly package and wrap them in lemon drop twine.Although they were almost too cute to eat, these divine cupcakes were a hit! I would certainly recommend OllieCake to everyone. Go ahead, stop in and try one!
5	When I moved to Phoenix a year and a half ago, I did a Google search for the best cupcake in Phoenix. I found an article about the cupcakes at Urban Cookies being delicious (even though it was pre-Cupcake Wars, and they were better known for their cookies back then), and since it wasn't too far from my work, I decided to stop in and try one. I've been obsessed ever since. I love the all-natural ingredients. And I especially love that I can taste the high-quality butter in the buttercream (and even though it's not a meringue buttercream, which is my favorite kind, it's still not too sweet). I usually stick to the non-chocolate flavors, as I'm not the biggest chocolate fan, and their chocolate stuff is really rich (if you're a chocolate fiend, you're in luck!). The vanilla, strawberry, and peanut butter are my favorites, but I also love some of the non-traditional and seasonal varieties. I'm a devoted UrbanCookies/OllieCake fan for life!
5	Cookies and cupcakes that taste so fresh and simple they almost seem...healthy? I love the Urban Cookies does sweets without all the "fake" sweet! The Ollie Cakes are fluffy and light. I loved the carrot cake and chocolate covered cherry flavors! Can't wait to try more, this may be the best place in Phoenix to get a sweet treat.
5	Just ate the best cupcakes from Urban Cookies. So yummy and fluffy! Can't wait to go back and get me some sugar!
5	I am not an equal opportunity cupcake eater, and I will be the first to admit it.I am picky about the store, the location, the staff, the decor - all of it.  This place was awesome!The owner (I think she was?) was so sweet!  She gave us ample time to peruse all of her goodies, and even made a couple of suggestions that were not overbearing.The location of this little place is GREAT for west siders.  Granted, it is not on the west side but at least we can get there in less than 45 minutes.  It isn't far from I-10 and if you drive past that exit anyway... I'd jump off and head north for some puffy-not-too-sweet frosted goodness.I had a rosewater cupcake (I will admit that it was a bit like eating perfume, but it was very tasty!) and my husband had some raspberry filled pistachio type of thing?  He was done with his in under 90 seconds so I really couldn't tell you.I don't give 5 stars lightly and this place definitely earned them.  I hope this little shop blows up on here like so many other places have!
5	I was excited to try these cupcakes after hearing that they won Cupcake Wars.This is a small shop that I have passed by numerous times, but now I will make a point of visiting whenever the cupcake urge presents itself!  I have had Sprinkles and Yummies cupcakes in LA and I think these are better, very moist and flavorful. We took 4 cupcakes home to sample they were delicious and I wish we had bought more.  I hear they are going to have a gluten free line soon.  We had the vegan, and three others that were wonderful!  The service was friendly and fun.  These will be great gifts as well.
5	I don't rate many places five stars... look at my reviews.  I am not a crazy dessert guy, but this place makes me a believer every single time I go there.  I find new excuses to go purchase a cookie or a cupcake... my friends should take note that when they are hosting a party and I offer to bring dessert... I am going to BRING dessert from Urban Cookies/OllieCake.  I have had a little of everything, but I really enjoyed the sea salt chocolate cookie.  The key for me was to eat the cookie top facing down on my tung to really get the full flavor of the cookie.  If the salt taste is too intense, flip that puppy to have the top face the pallet of your mouth and you are good to go.  Everyone wins.As for the cupcakes... this place would destroy Sprinkles if it were next door.  I have had a variety of cakes from OllieCake but the carrot cake cupcake is still my all time favorite.  So the downside... well, it is not a big place and it is hugely popular since OllieCake won cupcake wars, but be patient, the product is worth the wait.
2	I grew up in the South, eating fried chicken with butter on butter with a side of buttered biscuits, and yet I truly dislike how buttery these cookies taste.Considering I'm a total cookie fiend and can't even come up with a variety that I dislike, it should be relatively impossible to deter me from eating cookies. However, I've ended up at Urban Cookies a few times now and always find myself wondering, why am I wasting precious, precious stomach space on these when I could just trek on over to LGO's bakery and go nuts?I respect them conceptually and appreciate the idea of a gourmet cookie, but when it comes to the actual product, I'm not buying it (figuratively, because literally I already bought it, of course).Give me more flavor, more chocolate(!), more chewy substance and I'll be back. Until then, I guess I'm just not Paula Deen enough for this place. Le sigh.
4	I think I'm bias...I love just about everything made with sugar, butter & flour.  Cupcakes are all the rave in Atlanta and there's a cupcake shop it seems on every corner.  When I moved to Phoenix, I was not initially impressed with the cupcakes I had here until a friend told me about this place.  The cupcakes are great!!!  My fav is the vanilla, but the specialty flavors and limited offerings are great too.  The people are super friendly and sometimes there's a food truck in front so you can eat and grab some treats!
5	I remember when this location housed a Pizza Heaven. Thank god they're gone so that people that make a consistently great product could move in and take over the world!Okay maybe they won't take over the world but they sure could try with what are seriously some of the greatest cupcakes I've ever had.Chocolate cupcake is just amazing.Vanilla cupcake is great too.I had another flavor that was awesome as well but I can't remember what flavor it was for some reason (I've had a couple of beers).Rosewater cupcake that they used on cupcake wars was good though I wasn't a huge fan of it. I really don't think I'd make a cupcake that tasted good made with rosewater.Irish coffee cupcake was a bit disappointing in terms of how high I regard this place but was good for what it was if that makes sense.I haven't actually tasted their cookies but the wife digs them. I also dig their sometimes funny messages posted on their chalkboard out front. Service is friendly and they box their cupcakes well so as to make sure they arrive safely at their final destination.I love you maker of great cupcakes, keep up the good work!
5	I am a cookie monster, and this place is awesome.  It's just a matter of getting past the cupcakes which isn't easy.  Everyday they have good sales on several items.
5	I wish I could live here. These cupcakes blow any other cupcake I've ever had, out of the water. Orange Blossom is my go-to on their daily menu. Margarita and Mexican Spice are my absolute favs but unfortunately (and maybe fortunately for my waist) they are usually only around once a month or so. On Tuesdays, Short Leash food truck is there and Thursdays brings Luncha Libre. The staff is super friendly and the smells are intoxicating. My co-workers and I have to restrain ourselves from daily visits.
5	I came for the shortleash and left with a cupcake!OMG that peanut butter cupcake was awesome... shhhhh... and don't tell my wife I had one, she would be sad I didn't bring her along. I will just need to bring her round to make up for it. ;)I stopped by for a hot dog from shortleash dogs - they're setup here for lunch on Tuesdays. I swear that food truck is the single reason I cant seem to make any headway on my diet / workout regime. The cookie shop seemed to beckon me inside... its a good thing I had a light breakfast that morning. I was tempted to try the banana cupcake (their all vegan treat) and  brown velvet (red velvet without the artificial color) but went with the peanut butter (the personal recommendation from the guy behind the counter). I can't begin to tell you how many calories one cupcake is, but it was ooooohh sooooo delicious and worth every bite.Not exactly what I would call inexpensive ($2.65 / cupcake) but well worth the price for the five minutes of blissful delight!
4	Update to my previous entry... My go to cupcake is the Brown Velvet! No artificial colors nor preservatives and it tastes uh mazing. They have added a lemon cookie and brownies. You just can't go wrong with Urban Cookies!!!
5	Most amazing cupcakes ever! I get them for all special occasions. They're moist and the frosting is so unbelievably delightful i'm at a loss for words. They put magical goodness in them. As my daughter put it, "I think these are the cupcakes they serve in heaven!"
5	These cupcakes are moist, intensely flavorful, and come in all sorts of seasonal varieties. The frosting is whipped to perfection and so light & creamy. I absolutely love the carrot cake (which is a testament to how great these are because I usually don't like carrot cake) and the strawberry varieties. You really can't go wrong here because they are that good! They have special deals, so like them on facebook to find out what they are.The cookies are delightful as well! I tried them while on a home tour of the owner's house! I love the macademia nut one. But my true passion is the OllieCake cupcakes.Come here for a sweet treat, you won't be dissapointed!P.S. Be warned that the place is small and easy to miss, but study the map and you'll be fine!
4	Really great cupcakes and the cookies are fantastic. Well worth the drive.
5	I tried OllieCake cupcakes today and they are the most amazing, tastiest cupcakes I have ever eaten. I tried the orange, coconut, strawberry, and peanut butter cupcakes. Right now the orange is my favorite, but I am trying the chocolate tomorrow. They are so moist and the frosting is the perfect balance of lightness and sweetness. Not too heavy, just right :)  You can really taste the quality and the organic ingredients really make a difference. These will be the only cupcakes I buy from now on, I'll never be able to eat a cupcake that comes out of a box again!
5	Who isn't always searching for the most delicious cupcake? I have, and I'm pretty sure I found it in the brown velvet. I tried six flavors, no not all in one sitting, but the brown velvet tops the list. Cakes are moist, and the frostings are all unique and heavenly in flavor. The cream cheese and raspberry frostings are to die for. Service is quick too. Again, I love when places don't have dozens of options to choose from like Sprinkles, and stick with what they do best. I also appreciate how they try to use as many local, organic ingredients as possible. They also introduce limited time flavors like peach, if peaches are in season! How cool is that?
3	So I went in on a spur of the moment. Saw there sign for Smores Cupcakes and got excited. I was helped by a smiley and polite cashier. I got a Smores Cupcake, a Peanut Butter one, and a snicker doodle cookie. All for $7.75. Pretty expensive for what I got. First off the cupcakes are super small (I know they are gourmet and all, but come on make it a bit bigger!) and the cookie was a pretty small size. The Snicker doodle cookie wasn't anything special. I have had better from a supermarket bakery.  The Peanut Butter one was gross. The cake didn't have much of a peanut butter taste. They frosting was bland and left a weird aftertaste in my mouth. The cake was moist, but lacked that peanut butter taste I was craving. The best thing was the Smores cupcake. This is the only reason they got a 3 star review. Marshmallow topping, graham cracker baked in the cake, creamy fudge center. The best of the bunch. If I had just got that I probably would have given a 4 star review. But overall too pricey for what I got, and over all experience eating them.
4	Total hispter cupcake place. Isn't that awesome? Hipsters love cupcakes too. The whole place is eco-friendly and green and I'm fairly certain their packaging is recycled too. Featured (and conquered) on Cupcake Wars this place is a must visit on your lunch hour. On Thursdays they kindly allow the over so popular Luncha Libre food truck to post up outside their doors. I think just by being so friendly and co-inhabitant with the food truck scene alone makes them legit for sharing their space.
4	I don't know why this place has two names; I get that OllieCake covers the cupcakes and cakes, but it's all in the same small building and the stuff's right next to each other on the counter/case. Guess they just wanted two separate Yelp thingies? Anyway, they should definitely go by the OllieCake brand as opposed to the Urban Cookies; the cupcakes are the definite stars, here. The cookies, despite their wholesome and great ingredients, are very subpar. Maybe I'm quick to judge, having had just two (a very greasy coconut and a milk chocolate chip with undetectable chocolate), but they're very flat and heartburn-inducing; it's as if they're undercooked and allowed to deflate. Again, maybe an unfair judgment from having just two, but the rest of the cookies in their jars have that flat look so...eh, I dunno.ON TO THE CUPCAKES:As I said, the stars of the show. My favorites are the peanut butter, the brown velvet (glad to see a place that doesn't use a plethora of red food dye; more on that in a bit), and the chocolate, which is made with a super-rich super-DELICIOUS ganache frosting. Still, I have to have some critique of some of the others and the ingredients to be the Yelp jerk that I am; many of the cupcakes are also too greasy. I think they use too much oil.. I can understand that this may help the cake avoid the "dryness" that most people complain about at all these trendy new cupcake shops, but it's a little heavy on the fats. Also, some of the flavors (the orange one and this specialty raspberry mojito one they had, in particular) honestly taste like some kind of cleaning solution. I don't know if it's all the oil mixed with the acidity of the fruits or something, but yuck; I say stick with the classics.IN CONCLUSION: You may be reading this and thinking "Why 4 stars, then?" Well, honestly I'd probably give this place a 3-star review based on my opinion of taste, et cetera, but here's the thing: They use fresh, organic, locally-sourced ingredients and THEY AREN'T A F'IN' CHAIN STORE LIKE EVERYTHING ELSE IN PHOENIX. Calmness regained, I have to say that's a big plus given that even the dinkiest of places in this city (The various -berto's,et cetera) turn out to be chains, and it seems we have robotic Paradise Bakeries popping up everywhere. This place is owned by a husband-wife duo, and as long as they keep doing what they're doing, things are bound to get better; they've only been around a few years. Just box-up the cookies or get a new recipe, and use less oil in the cakes. VOILAAll that said, give 'em a try.
5	I'm not much for cupcakes, but these are by far the best. Moist and delicious. Highly recommend. My family loved the Salted Carmel Nut Bars.
5	All right; I must be retarded. In looking over the menu on their site and seeing everything listed (including that they use butter and NON-GMO canola oil) I just gotta give it up.Plus, had a s'mores cupcake yesterday and it ruled school.Damn, they're the best.
2	I love cupcakes, so it was exciting to be in a new state and try a Cupcake War Champion. Being our first time in Phoenix we got lost trying to find this place. We were on 7th Avenue by mistake and then we found 7th Street but they do not have an "Urban Cookies" sign out front, so we passed it. Not fun. When we did get there, it felt dead, the server was not very engaging. They had no chocolate flavors, no brown velvet, no smore cupcakes. Which is a  shame, i really wanted to try the brown velvet, it was the reason we drove to find them. We had a banana cupcake and a lemon cupcake. A banana cupcake is very hard to achieve in my opinion, because it can easily become a dense muffin. Magically they did achieve fluffy cake but was ruined by the dense greasy frosting. It left the greasy coat on my lips. The lemon drop was not my favorite, too sweet. I normally would not get these flavors but since they were out of their star cupcakes we were left with "mehh" cupcakes. A shame.
5	Why yes, I *did* go here because I saw it on Cupcake Wars. And I see why they won.I purchase 4 cupcakes for $12.00 and boy were they worth it. I got a coconut and a german chocolate one for my husband, which he throughly enjoyed. Myself, I went for a lemon and an orange blossom. They were oh so tasty.If youre in the area, stop by. Then email me to thank me. ;)
5	For all you chocolate lovers this place has the best chocolate cupcakes!!!!Better than Sprinkles and Caketini. I highly recommend it.
5	I haven't had a cupcake, cake, or pie for months. I have been at a few birthday parties recently and finally just had to have a cupcake. My problem is, I must have GLUTEN FREE.I decided to go to my favorite place for cupcakes and try their gluten free cupcake. After so many months, as I expected it was to die for!!!!  The chocolate cake reminded me of my grandmother's recipe and the icing was light and creamy. One bite is an explosion of flavor in your mouth.The only thing that could possibly make it better would be the chocolate ganache icing on top. If you are gluten-free, I wouldn't waste my time going elsewhere. This is simply THE BEST!!!Note to staff: Is it possible to offer additional varieties?
5	I love the cookies, but I love the cupcakes even more. Ollie Cakes has to be my favorite cupcake shop in the Phoenix area and you'll find me there almost every weekend. For a while, all I would eat was the Coconut cupcake (mmm) but I've finally tried all the regular flavors. Every cupcake is super moist and the frosting melts in your mouth perfectly, but here's a few highlights...The Brown Velvet - oh, how I love this cupcake. The chocolate cake is super moist and the cream cheese frosting pairs really well since it is super creamy. If you're in the mood for double chocolate, definitely get the chocolate cupcake. The frosting is deep and chocolately, like a thick ganache. If you like carrot cake, you should definitely get this cupcake. It does have nuts in it, but that definitely adds to the off the charts awesome flavor combined with cream cheese frosting. (As a side note, their vanilla buttercream frosting is amazing. While it is really buttery, it tastes "real" - definitely not your supermarket's frosting.) Sometimes they'll have special cupcakes - like their German Cupcakes or their S'mores. If they have a special cupcake, definitely get it! You'll be in for a treat. I could go on and on about all the cupcakes, but you should really go try them yourself. The location is nice, but if they don't have their sign out front, you might drive right by. The inside is cute and displays the treats loud and proud. What are you waiting for?
2	I was really disappointed by this experience. I'm from the south and we love are buttery foods, but the cupcake and the frosting were way too greasy/buttery/heavy.
5	I read an article many years ago that actually drove me to their bakeshop on my lunch break that same afternoon, and all to try the irresistible cookies they mentioned in the featured article.  I admit I do not like walnuts nor am I a fan of coconut, but the article said the 'Urban Cookie' (yes, the same name the store is named after) is a MUST try, so....I ordered the original urban along with 'Simple Urban', 'Urban Tropic', and 'Urban Trail' (their only 4 cookie flavors available at that time).  And........I fell in love with Urban Cookies at first bite.  The Urban cookie has layers of 60% dark chocolate, rolled oats, toasted walnuts and gourmet coconut bits.  YOU HAVE TO TRY THIS COOKIE AT LEAST ONCE IN YOUR LIFETIME.  It should be on every persons bucket list!  Serious.  Unless you are allergic to any of the ingredients, please throwout your ideas of what you dislike as I would've never found the BEST COOKIE EVER had I allowed my distaste for walnuts and coconut to get in the way.  I love this cookie so much that I have spent many lunch hours, post work errands and weekends driving to this charming and quaint bakeshop.  I light up like a little kid every time I walk in this store.  Just thinking about it makes me want to get in my car and drive there now.In addition to their Urban Cookie I have also tasted the other 3 original Urban cookies offered up.  The Simple Urban is their spin on the classic milk chocolate cookie while the Urban Trail is what I believe to be their urban spin on the ever popular classic oatmeal raisin cookie.  Now let's talk about the 4th Urban, the Urban Tropic.  This cookie is an unexpected combination of sweet coconut and chunks of dried tart pineapple, and it happens to be my (unexpected) runner-up fave cookie to the Urban Cookie.  Again, throw out your likes and dislikes and try all of them, including their newcomers:  Peanut Butter, Double Chocolate with Sea Salt and Snickerdoodle.  They're all deliciously perfect, but ALL the Urban's remain my favorites.  It wouldn't be fair to talk about their cookies if I didn't mention the birth of OllieCake in 2009.  The name may sound familiar since OllieCake took home FIRST PLACE on Food Network's CUPCAKE WARS, season 3.  They offer 12 flavors and depending on time of season they also offer up "seasonal" flavors.  Lucky for all of us Urban Cookies and OllieCake both call the 7th Street bakeshop home.  Can't decide between a cookie or cupcake - you don't have to.  Order both.  I especially love the homemade ice cream cakes and cookies they add to the menu during the spring and summer months as a way to cool off!   Urban Cookies will always have a special place in my heart.  Many years ago my sister found out (from who, remains unknown) that I love this place, and well, customized a package for me asking me to be her Maid of Honor.  She asked me several different ways, but this was one was my favorite since I had no clue she knew of my "secret" cookie shop!  So, since I may have forgotten to tell you that they also do custom gifts, do checkout the gift options on their webpage.I hope you stop what you're doing right this moment and drive to Urban Cookies/ OllieCake for a life changing moment.
5	A few hits and misses but overall the bomb diggity really great for corporate gifting and I like e edgy packaging.
5	I love this place. It's not something I can afford all the time, but they offer Belly for rewards and are an amazing, inexpensive treat. The flavor profiles they manage are amazing, both with cookies and cupcakes.
5	Superb Pumpkin Cupcake
1	Not for me. I love cupcakes- I like heavy sugary delish cupcakes and these were not. If you like lighter- If your a person that eats sweets and says, eww thats just to sugary. Than you will probably love the cupcakes. I tried 2 kinds...vanilla and coconut. Sadly they weren't for me. I still think Gigi's is the best I've had so far.also, I'm tired of seeing tip jars EVERYWHERE! The guy behind the counter boxed up 6 cupcakes- wasn't all that friendly to me ( was to the teenagers girls ahead of me) and he moved on to the next customer before I even signed my receipt......Where would a tip play into that????
1	I bought 6 cupcakes and1 Salted Caramel nut barThe cupcakes I reviewed on olliecakes. This review is for the Nut bar.The buttery shortbread hardly made it out of the bag. It was falling away from the caramel and pecans before I could get to it. Thats annoying. the taste of the caramel pecans was ok to goodish. But having it almost detatch from the shortbread is a no no. It was crumbs EVERYwhere... To bad it it had stuck together I may have given it 2 or 3 stars. also, I'm tired of seeing tip jars EVERYWHERE! The guy behind the counter boxed up 6 cupcakes- and 1 nut bar, wasn't all that friendly to me ( was to the teenagers girls ahead of me) and he moved on to the next customer before I even signed my receipt......Where would a tip play into that????
5	I have always been a cupcake lover.  When my hubby and I went to Urban cookies about a year ago. I feel in love with the cupcakes from Urban Cookies.  My two favorite cupcakes are the peanut butter and the strawberry cupcakes.   So,  if you like cupcakes you will definitely have to go to Urban Cookies.  :)
5	Customer service can't be beat!  My 93 year old Mom wanted cookies delivered to our 95 year old uncle who lives in AZ. He has a PO box and has to get his mail from a local friend in his area - when I explained the situation, management went way out of their way to make sure he would receive his shipment before Christmas. I can't recommend them highly enough.  If you're sending sweets - order from Urban! Uncle Mike's Christmas will be special because of their efforts! The cookies look fabulous and even though we live in PA & VA, we certainly plan on sampling all their goodies.
5	I ordered some cupcakes from Urban Cookies. They were wonderful! Everyone loved them, and I really liked the variety of flavors (Orange Blossom, Strawberry, Double Chocolate, etc.). The cupcakes had a great texture and were really delicious. I'd recommend Urban Cookies to anyone.
5	Over the past year I have visited Urban Cookies a few times, constantly stalk them on Instagram (check them out if you can, urban_cookies), and am fortunate enough to have cousins living in the PHX area who will make special delivers of Urban Cookies for us.  This store really is a gem in the middle of the city.  They strive to use local and organic ingredients while providing a high quality and homemade product.  I have appreciated their cookies, pies, bars, and cupcakes even more now knowing that they are constantly testing our new and seasonal recipes, striving for perfection before their product hits the store shelf and goes into the consumer's mouth.When visiting the Phoenix area I strongly encourage you to sample a few of these goodies!  My favorite is still their pineapple coconut cookies, while their snicker doodles come in a close second.  And remember, anytime anyone offers you a sample, take them up on it!
4	Urban cookies and Ollicakes cupcakes are my go-to spot for when I need to brighten someone's day.  I will say that my favorite cupcake flavors are the orangeblossom, coconut and german chocolate.  Strawberry buttercream is pretty darn tasty too.  The cookies don't ever disappoint.  Sweet without being cloying, flavor packed and pretty to boot.  Bonus, they are open until at least six and that makes my run home a lot sweeter!
5	I have been to 2 dozen different places in Phoenix for cupcakes...and this is by far the best.  Moist cake, the frostings aren't too sweet, the staff is helpful, and I always leave with a smile on my face.   DELISH!!
4	These cupcakes have mega flavor! I love this place! I surprised my husband forValentine's Day with 4 different cupcakes. He didn't like any of them (but he ate them all). But this is a guy who thinks cupcakes out of a box are wonderful so we can't even count his review. What does HE know??I went on a gluten free diet and had not had a cupcake in months. I remembered that they had a gluten free cupcake. I got one and it was wonderful! It totally hit the spot! I would gladly give Ollie's 5-stars but they only have one flavor of gluten free cupcakes.
4	After hearing so much about Urban cookies, I finally made it there after enjoying a delicious sandwich at Pane Bianco and coffee at Lux on central.Their parking spot is tiny and their store is very small. The cookie selection isn't all that large but the cookies are very good with my favourite being the dark chocolate and walnut. Interestingly enough they have happy hour on Monday and Tuesday which is great as their cookies aren't exactly inexpensive ($ 1.74 each). Service was friendly but nothing to write home about. They also have cupcakes!I also tried the milk chocolate chip cookie which I thought was nothing special.I do wish Urban Cookies great success and hope that they will have a wider selection in the future.
5	We stopped in on a Saturday evening. Even though they were about to close the guy behind the counter didn't rush us which was nice.We got a peanut butter cupcake, vanilla cupcake, chocolate cupcake, a snicker doodle and I think the other cookie was pineapple coconut?We bought the chocolate and vanilla cupcakes for a friend but the peanut butter cupcake was awesome! The cake was moist and light and the frosting wasn't overly sweet. I had a taste of the snicker doodle and the pineapple coconut cookie. The snicker doodle was SO GOOD, flavorful and soft. The other cookie I didn't taste much of the flavor so I was a little disappointed, but it really didn't matter lolLove this place! Cant wait to go back and try other flavors
4	Let me just say the Orange Blossom cupcake was good, but the Rosewater butter cream frosting was out of this world!!!  The only thing I could think of when I took a bite was --- this ACTUALLY tastes like butter!  It wasn't until later, when I read the menu description, that I realized it was a Food Network Cupcake Wars winner.  I guess I don't watch enough TV.  Regardless, I'm very happy to know now.  Oh, and the Brownie is dense and moist...the way God and the Food Network intended.  :D
5	This place has great cup cakes and if that was not enough they have a salty carmel nut bar with shortbread crust that is fantastic.  We dont even make it to the car without eating one, it is a must have.  No matter what you buy here it is great.  I hope to try everything.  It is now our must stop when in town.  The customer service is always great.  Very patient and never rush us when we are trying to decide what yummy things we want.  Shop here if you want great desserts.
4	I am so happy this place is far away.  My clothing would not fit within a week.  We stopped by to get some cupcakes to take home.  I was supposed to take 4 cupcakes, but I must have had a weak willpower day.  I ended up with 6 cupcakes, 4 s'mores ones, a strawberry one, and an orange one.  2 nut bars, those are so yummy, worth every calorie, 2 morning glory buns, kind of a croissant/cinnamon roll fusion 2 snicker doodle cookies, a chocolate chip cookie and an oatmeal cookie.  I was trying to save the strawberry cupcake for myself, but my little boy loved it and he dropped the half I gave him, so I ended up giving him the rest of mine, the bite I had was delicious.  I also had half of the s'mores one, oh my so yummy.
5	This tiny little shop has the most exquisite cupcakes, cookies, and loaves on earth! The prices are great, the quality is stellar, and I just love everything about Urban Cookies.
3	Admittedly we didn't have any cupcakes, which I've read is the best thing about this place. We both had The Morning Bun. My gf had a peanut butter cookie, I had a Morning Muffin. The buns were ok, but very dry and flakey. They missed the moistness you usually find on the inside of a croissant, good flavour though.The peanut butter cookie as ok, soft, which many places have trouble doing with that type of cookie. The flavour was a bit bland though.Morning muffin: good flavour, but for all those ingredients it still didn't bypass a typical oat/dried fruit muffin I could get anywhere.Service was friendly, I look forward to trying their cupcakes. They're open till 4 on Sunday, bypassing chain "bakeries" in the area. The parking lot is murder, glad we went when it was slow, and not when that private high school across the street was in session!
4	I like the cupcakes. A lot.And I'm not really a cupcake fan (not that I dislike them either, they're just not in the top 3 of my dessert list)I digressThis last time that I was in here, I got two strawberry cupcakes-- the cake was moist, delicious and had the taste of fresh strawberries.There was too much frosting, sounds like sacrilege I know, but the frosting is very thick, tastes a little like shortening (weird) because the flavor of the strawberry is so light... BUT when I took half of the frosting off and smoothed the rest onto the cupcake, it was JUST the right amount of yum!The sign outside doesn't say Ollie Cakes, that is just the cupcake counter inside, it says "URBAN" on the outside, which was tricky for me because I'm new to the area and didn't know exactly where I was going.I would definitely go back, the staff was friendly, the cake in the cupcake was deeeelish, and it just tasted like awesome all over my mouth.BAM. Get at it.
4	Thank you so much for helping out with a surprise for my fiance's and NOW wife's 30th birthday as we were out in Phoenix for our wedding. I would have given 5 stars however the cupcakes for St. Patrick's day mixed with alcohol were not very good. However the variety of cupcakes they had were 2nd to none and the birthday cake cupcake was more than filling. They say it only serves 9 but it fed 11 with LOTS of extras...so THANK YOU for making it a part of my breakfast for the rest of the week lol. A definite visit when in Phoenix!!!
4	I went to Urban Cookies for the first time a couple days ago. I had had one of their cupcakes at Serranos and it was amazing. The one that I got from the bakery was also good, but not as good as the one I had had before. When I walked into the tiny bakery it smelled delicious like fresh baking cake....thinking about it now makes me want some. I got the peanut butter chocolate cupcake. Everything about it was good, but I wish it had a little less frosting and that the chocolate they used was dark chocolate. The cake had a good consistency and it was tasty, so I would definitely return.
5	Cupcakes are definitely the way to go here.  I tried the chocolate chip cookie, it was ok but the star was their cupcakes.I tried the chocolate, carrot cake, strawberry and brown velvet.  All the cupcakes were moist and had a very good flavor.  But, the chocolate was out of this world!  Husband said it was the best cupcake he's ever had and I would have to agree.  The cake was moist and had a deep rich chocolate flavor.  The frosting was a dark chocolate ganache that was smooth, silky and not too sweet.  Most of the time, I have to wipe off half of my chocolate frosting, not this time.  I can't wait to try more cupcakes flavors.
4	This is not just cookies.  The cupcakes are award winning!  Great way to satisfy a sugar craving without spending a fortune.  Would have given them five stars but one of my visits there previous to today someone forgot to put the sugar in the frosting and each one tasted like creaked butter and light flavor instead of the usual taste.  But, it did not keep me from going back!
1	Terrible!  Cupcakes were horrible tasting and the frosting had the consistency of lard.  Bought a dozen to reward my kids and they refused to eat more than a couple of bites of their first cupcake.  I got some king of caramel nut bar that was O.K. But the cupcakes were the worst I have ever tried.  Way to much of that terrible frosting.  Will not go back.
2	I was so excited to try this place finally after seeing them on Cupcake Wars. I wouldn't say I'm a cupcake snob but I have my likes and  dislikes with Sprinkles and Kara's. I still don't have a favorite cupcakery though I do love certain flavors at the places I've been to. I have tried sweet daddy's in Glendale three times trying to like it but have come to the same conclusion each time I've been there. I don't like that place and bigger cupcakes do not mean they're better. But I digress...I bought four today-strawberry, brown velvet, banana, and orange blossom. I couldn't even wait to get home to try one so I opened the box right in the store and ate the strawberry. I was underwhelmed. I have a big sweet tooth but the cake AND frosting were way too sweet. Not only that but the frosting had the consistency of shortening, extremely dense and greasy. I felt like I was eating flavored butter. I ate the whole thing but it didn't sit well in my stomach. I went home and took a nap. I woke up wanting a snack so I tried the orange blossom cupcake. Again the frosting was extremely greasy and dense. I had to scrape the frosting off this time because I couldn't bear to eat it all. Now my stomach feels unwell, almost like that time I came back from Heart Attack Grill when it was in Chandler because of all the lard I ate. So the verdict? I will not be back and the quest for "perfect cupcakery" continues.
1	I was excited to go there after seeing them on cupcake wars, and the cupcakes were great. However the service was horrible. The first time we went the young lady was rude and seemed annoyed that I asked her about the cakes from the show. The second time we went we arrived there at 540 and the window said it closed at 6 but the door was locked. When I called to ask them why they weren't open since it wasn't 6 yet he hung up on me.
5	So yummy! My favorite cookies are the dark chocolate with walnuts. It is a good thing that they are a tad pricey otherwise I would spend my lunch money on cookies everyday :)
5	Most delicious Cupcakes I've had in the state of Arizona!!! An amazing morning bun too!!It's all organic and an ever so fresh delight!! Not only cupcakes, they also offer cookies, morning buns and cakes plus more!On top of that, they were winners on Cupcake Wars, how legit is that??!! Truly legit,  that's right!!! Another wonderful insight on this bake shop is that their incredibly community driven by supporting local charities, they support local organizations and are family owned and for the most part family operated too!!     Amazing!! Not too many of those around!! But truly try for yourself, this place is so amazingly great and delicious!! Forget about any sort of diet and indulge yourself on a cupcake or an ever so great morning bun!! YUM!!!! You will never regret it!! Thank me later :)
5	Great place in Central Phoenix to go for a cupcake or cookie........just wish they had coffee.
4	Hello, my name is Faith, and I am a cupcakeholic.It started at a very young age. Doctors and television shows would run warnings about cupcakes informing our parents that they should keep them away from us for our health. My parents were able to protect me for a while, that is, until I grew old enough to attend birthday parties on my own without their supervision (age 5). The music blared, the party dresses swirled, the party favors circulated. At last, the platter of cupcakes arrived. Everyone was doing it, I would be left out if I did not join it... After all one wouldn't hurt right?At first it was just a party thing. Birthday party= quick fix in the name of celebration. After a while, it became a morning thing to accompany my coffee. Then it spiraled into me eating them at home by myself. I knew I had hit a low when I began to replace meals with a cupcake.  One night, as I tossed in bed with the idea of eating a cupcake. I gave in a grabbed a cupcake in the refrigerator and ate in on the kitchen floor. I knew I had hit rock bottom. At 2:25am that night I made a decision. I would no longer be oblivious to any cupcake. I would use all of my cupcake craving energy on ONE cupcake a week. As a cupcakeholic, that is a massive amount of energy to put into one cupcake.It was hard at first, but slowly I progressed with the support of family and friends who had gone through similar issues in the past.That ONE weekly cupcake is often one from this delicious (and cute) little bakery called Urban Cookie. Is it worth skipping mediocre cupcakes throughout the week for ONE cupcake? The answer is YES. I only go for the good ish now, and when it comes to cupcakes this place hits the spot!Go Urban Cookie! :)
5	Salted Carmel nut bar ... Yum!
4	I love the cookies and cupcakes here!  I have been visiting this place for a couple years now, and it just keeps getting better!During the summer, don't miss out on their ice cream sandwiches :)
5	This place is seriously amazing! I first heard about them from Restaurant Wars.  Grilled Cheese is one of my favorite things and so are cupcakes. Naturally the 2 of them put together would be awesome right? I thought it would be, everyone thinks it's weird though.  But let me tell you.  It was an amazing cupcake and that's what began my love.I've gone a bunch of times now and I usually get the seasonal ones they have so I've had The Grilled Cheese one, there's a chocolate fire orange smoreish one that I can't remember the name of (Campfire maybe?), German Chocolate, and Peach.  I'm pretty sure I've had more but off the top of my head that's what I can come up with.  At the Cupcake Love In event they had the best cupcake hands down and I ate a lot of cupcakes that day.  It was the German Chocolate one.The cupcakes are perfectly moist and the frosting is divine. I've also had the cookies and scones all of which are delicious.  Everyone who has ever helped us there has been super really nice! They also have food trucks there a couple times a week so you can have lunch and dessert!
4	I have heard so much of this little cookie shop that I had to make the trek from North Scottsdale to see what the fuss is about. I don't like cupcakes but got the orange blossom just to try and i still couldn't get into it so I wont hold that against them. What I went for was the oatmeal raisin cookies. These cookies were pretty good but not nearly as soft or as chewy as I would of liked. I think they might of been even a little bit old? I dunno, the flavors are all there though so I would like to go back and try again some time. I saved a few cookies for the next day and they were hard as a rock so I think i got the tail end of a batch or something. The berry muffin was fantastic. Great balance of tartness and sweet, tons of berries, soft, fluffy, really good. The thing that really stood out for me was the morning buns. These are a buttery croissant with orange zest, cinnamon, and sugar and completely changed my view of cinnamon roles. These were light and fluffy and had a nice crust formed by the sugar so a flaky crunch when you bit into it and then it was gloriously buttery and soft in the middle and when you take a bit you taste the cinnamon and sugar but then come the orange zest and buttery flavor and man...it was good. I could eat these every day all day. So in short, i came for the oatmeal cookies which left me a little 'meh' but will come back for the morning buns which are now one of my favorite pastries.
4	I had passed by the store several times, each time notating in my mind "I need to stop there!" At last a friend brought over a half dozen cup cakes and a menu - and I was blown away by the cup cake selection! Here I thought they just had cookies!Oh no. Not just cookies (double chocolate sea salt is divine...) but all sorts of cupcakes, and cupcake concoctions on rotation. Last month brought us Blackberry Mojito's, this month brought in Moscow Mule, Strawberry Margarita, and next month- we are in treat for Smores cupcakes!Day to day, they have chocolate, lemon, orange blossom ** which has rose water infused icing, and is THE specialty; brown velvet, vanilla, etc. The cupcakes are moist, perfect constitution, and the buttercream icing is light. I am a fan of a little thicker buttercream, but the consistency allows for the flavors to shine through. If you are looking for cup cakes (or cookies) and are in Phoenix, its a great place to stop into and order from!Cupcakes are also modestly priced at $2.50- which is excellent for cup cakes.
4	I realized I had written my review of cup cakes for Urban cookies instead of Ollie cake. oops! Mea Culpa!Ollie Cake has a great rotation on weekly cup cakes. I love cup cakes. As much as I try and cut back, it is my down fall. I figure if I'm going to eat them, I might as well eat the best, so I don't feel guilty!The pros:+ Cakes are perfectly moist.+ Lots of frosting (I hate when some cup cake companies skimp on the frosting).+ Flavors are inventive (Blackberry mojito, smores, Moscow mules, white Russian)+ Butter cream is light.Cons:+ Butter cream is too light. that's it!Price is extremely reasonable. $2.50 a cup cake!And they won Cup Cake wars!! How cool is that?!
4	Urban Cookies has a wonderful gluten-free cupcake with delicious frosting. I hope they make more gluten-free flavors in the future. The shop is very cute too.
5	I am obsessed with Urban Cookies. My friends and I have kind of adopted it as our place, so naturally anytime someone mentions it, we all crave it and have to visit. It's easy to get to, which is awesome. Every bite is more and more delicious than the last. Another cool thing- it's not just cookies. They also have amazing cupcakes and other sweet treats! The staff is always super friendly, and welcoming. I love everything about this place!
5	One of the best dark chocolate cupcakes I've had... and I've had many. Very friendly! Free samples!I wish they were closer to downtown (me)!
5	This place is great. The coconut cupcakes are to die for! The other items are tasty too but not as good as those. There's adequate parking on the side of the building. Inside is very small so don't plan on staying to eat your treats. The service was great and very friendly. Will definitely be going back.
5	Two words people - Brown Velvet. I can NOT believe how good this cupcake was. I got an assortment just to try out different flavors. They were all good but i wish my entire six pack was brown velvet!!
5	I am going to gain so much weight from this place! Seriously, I love Urban Cookies after just one trip. I love sweets, I love baking, and I'm new to Phoenix, so I had to find myself a local bakery ASAP.The shop is small but the parking is ample. I love the store - it's small but quaint, very clean, and simply but tastefully decorated. All the baked goods are on display that showcase how pretty and meticulously everything is decorated. The staff was also friendly and helpful.The snickerdoodles are super soft and delicious - great texture. They really hit the nail on this simple cookie. The pumpkin bread is so moist and sweet. The brownie is a delicious take on the classic brownie - it's soft and chocolatey, with the right texture. The smores cupcake is so creative and well executed. I may not get it when I visit in the future, but I definitely recommend trying it at least once. My personal favorite is the chocolate cupcake. The cake is moist and crumbly and the frosting is rich, creamy, and delicious.I cannot wait to go back. Even my husband, who isn't huge on desserts and sweets in general, liked everything we tried. For me, Urban Cookies is well worth the calories!
5	Lookout. Cupcakes just got REAL in Phoenix. Forget that craptaular ripoff SPRINKLES or the Ho-hum overpriced  offerings at LGO. THIS PLACE HAS THE BEST DAMN CUPCAKES IN THE VALLEY! S'mores and coconut are my two faves, although the award winning orange citrus is pretty spectacular too.
5	My cousin was going cupcake tasting to find cupcakes for her baby shower. So I thought why not I'll go. We came here and wow! I'm not a big cupcake fan, but their coconut cupcake blew me away. We tried a lot of the others, but i kept coming back to the coconut. It's super delicious and I recommend it, if you like coconut.I will definitely have to come back and try some cookies, muffins and bread. A tip from me would be to add coffee to your drink list. I was craving a cup while I was there.
4	I have been going here since it opened!  I used to work in the building nearby and would walk over for an afternoon cookie.  Even though I don't work nearby...I make it a point to stop in now and then.  LOVE this place!!!!
5	I don't understand the negative reviews. This place is heavenly. Yesterday we were craving sweets when we stumbled across Urban Cookies on yelp. OMG....I am so glad we found UC. We each got a cookie and a cupcake. I can't speak for my husband's desserts because he was not in a sharing mood.....try their desserts and you won't share either.The pineapple coconut cookie is the best cookie ever. It was moist & chewy in the center and a little crunchy around the outside. Now for the lemon cupcake. Light, moist cake with a whipped lemony frosting. My mission in life is to try every flavor cupcake they have.
4	The morning buns are awesome and cupcakes are good.  Stopped in just because it was on cupcake wars. Were surprised with the smaller selection of cupcakes, but definitely try their other bakery items too!
5	I'm pissed that I shared my desserts with my husband. He didn't appreciate the freshness or the quality of the ingredients. This place is awesome! Next time I go, which will be next week, I'm will NOT share. The lemon cupcake melted in my mouth and the cookie, what's in there...crack!?
4	Looooved the coconut and pineapple cookie! Peanut butter was great as well and the oatmeal raisin was ok. I wasn't too impressed as it tasted like any other oatmeal raisin would. The downside to this place is that their space is small and they don't have any seating inside.
4	I've visited this bakery several times over the past year or so. I like that they don't use artificial ingredients such as food coloring in their cupcakes. I've tried a half dozen or so different varieties of their cupcakes, and haven't been disappointed once. I'd really like the opportunity to try their Cupcake Wars winning tomato soup cupcake, but I never seem to be there when they are available. I also like that they sponsor different theme days, and have food trucks come there. I like to see small businesses working together. It warms the cockles of my heart! :)
5	Went here with a friend who has been raving about this place for awhile. When we pulled up I was a bit skeptical by the concrete building but the shop is very clean and cute inside. The cookies are all slightly crisp on the outside and soft on the inside - they're amazing! I got a peanut butter and double chocolate. The chocolate was probably the best chocolate cookie I've ever had. I also bought a carrot cake cupcake with cream cheese frosting. The frosting was delicious and the cupcake was very moist - I usually throw away the cake part after eating the frosting, but I actually wanted to eat the whole thing.
5	Who doesn't love cupcakes?  What got us into this shop the very first time was the the people at the counter.   What has kept us coming back is the product.  I will admit we love the now and then sales.  But, really, it is the quality of ingredients.  It has become a regular stop for us.  Love the Banana , it's vegan.  And absolutely crave the Blackberry Mojito.  The longer we patronize this place, the more we learn about their strong involvement in the community.  And that's a huge plus.
4	Nice little neighborhood bakery.  I haven't had their cookies yet, but their cupcakes are awesome.  Great variety to choose from.  My favs include the chocolate, lemon, brown velvet, and Golden Grahams (yes, those Golden Grahams).  I was worried I'd have to order in advance but came in here on a Thursday after work and they had plenty in stock so I grabbed a dozen.  A little on the pricey side at $35/dozen, but still cheaper than Sprinkles (and not nearly as heavy).  Soon I'll try the cookies.
5	amazing!!   i'm hooked their cupcakes are delicious!!!
4	Local owned urban cookie is a winner in my book. Cookies, cupcakes and now breakfast pastries are all fresh and delicious. They are pricy and that is the only reason why I wouldn't give them the full five stars.
3	After another Tampa Bay Buccaneer loss today, there's only one thing that could turn this frown upside down... Cupcakes! Unfortunately, I haven't had the best luck finding decent cupcakes in Phoenix. I stopped at Urban Cookies today? Or is it Ollie Cake? Is it both?... Who's on first? They had a good selection of cupcakes. I got six and a slice of pumpkin bread. I will say the pumpkin bread was delicious, moist, good spice/pumpkin flavor. I liked it a lot. Then there were the cupcakes...I got six: Carrot cake, Strawberry, Coconut, Birthday cake, Brown velvet and SmoreThe first five were unsatisfying to say the least. The cake was mostly moist, not bad, but I didn't like the texture or consistency of the icing at all. It has an oily, thick consistency. I still have the nasty film on my tongue. The strawberry was the worst. I actually scrapped the icing off the strawberry one because I couldn't stomach putting it in my mouth. It reminded me of pink lard. I actually was playing with it in my hand like a small child because I was enamored by how greasy it was. My hand was water proof at this point so I broke out the Dawn, and started washing my hands like an oil covered sea bird. Though all was not lost! There was an exception. The Smore cupcake... Winner. Winner. Chicken dinner. This one cupcake was five star. The cake was moist. There was crunchy (I'm assuming) graham cracker in the cake, very good... and then the topping was toasted marshmallow... glorious. So all was not lost, but neither was this visit a great success. The search for my favorite cupcake shop in Phoenix continues.
5	Absolutely AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!Definitely going back EVERY chance I get!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
2	I had high hopes, given the high yelp ratings and Cupcake Wars win. I even tried one of the Cupcake Wars winning cupcakes--the Orange Blossom. The texture of the cake was good, but the flavor was underwhelming. The frosting had a slightly greasy feel and was not especially tasty either. Overall, definitely not worth the calories!I also tried the chocolate walnut cookie, which I was told was the cookie upon which they founded the bakery. It was good, but not outstanding. I also would suggest they use a different type of single-cupcake box because the slant design of the box caused the frosting to stick to it.I'm not often in the neighborhood, but when I'm next there I'll likely give it a second shot. I was hoping to try an unusual flavor--like the tomato soup cupcake they made for Cupcake Wars.
5	Not a fan of cupcakes? Not a problem, you're here for the cookies!Those cookies are simply the best. I can personally vouch for the 4 I tried, in order my favorites being: Double Chocolate with Salt; Double Chocolate with Walnut; Pineapple/Coconut; Snickerdoodle. They are all GREAT. Nuff said -- these are the best I know in all of Phoenix. Oh, and I also had the Sticky Bun, the one made with croissant dough. It is quite unbelievable. Moist and crispy at the same time, with a mild cinnamon flavor and as much caramel as you'll ever want.Seriously this place will haunt me I know it, and from now on I will find ways to get back there as often as I can. Plus: I was told they will start serving coffee...heaven, here I come!
5	Just wanted to reiterate my enthusiasm for this place, especially after going and seeing that they have expanded to include donuts. Big deal, right? Well, turns out they make them in coconut oil! That's highly impressive to me, given the fact every other doughnut place uses terrible-for-you soy oil (or worse, hydrogenated mess) and thus may as well be inedible.It's nice to see a place that's so on-the-ball nutrition-wise, especially considering it's a bakery and the items are so calorie-dense. They make it worth it, at least! All the ingredients are organic, and even the sprinkles are colored with natural colorants. Great!
3	I tried a variety of cupcakes from Urban Cookies. I got the brown velvet, strawberry, and the orange blossom. I thought the cream cheese frosting on the brown velvet cupcake was superb but the cake itself was pretty dry. The strawberry cupcakes frosting tasted very artificial and too sweet while the cake was actually moist. The orange blossom cupcake was a nice idea but I don't see why it won Food Network Cupcake Wars .
5	I never review but omg BEST CUPCAKES EVER!!!! Trust my opinion imma fat kid these things are truly a work of fat kid appreciated art and the frosting is the best I have had in my life and I absolutely hate all frosting
4	delicious, and they're open early, perfect for picking up treats for the office.  i like the German chocolate cupcakes. stick with the sweets though, some of their more exotic attempts miss the mark
5	Always delicious cupcakes. I'm a big fan of the award winning orange blossom cupcake, but they're all good.  I always try the "special" cupcake - there's always a new one to try. Always a moist cake with a yummy frosting.
5	Best cupcakes and cookies in town they never dissapoint and our pumpkin and pecan pies were amazing!
5	Urban Cookies, you had me at hello! So many traditionally flavoured tasty treats to chose from! They're also into experimenting with new flavours quite often so one never knows what marvelous concoctions await.  I've never had a bad cupcake from this place and the cookies are even more amazing. Some my favourite cupcakes include: the classic, the lemon, and the coconut. As far as cookies go I lean towards the dark chocolate walnut and the snickerdoodle. They are a little pricey for some people but once you take the first bite you will know why. If you like them on Facebook they frequently post the "word of the day" for half off treats. Also, if you use the app Belly Urban Cookies is one of the participating merchants and you can earn points to get some sweet freebies.
5	My absolutely favorite ever cupcake is here - Orange Blossom. Sooo good! Pretty much everything else here is delicious as well. :-)
5	Love the cookies and cup cakes.  I stop in when in the area.  Pretty dangerous for a diet.
5	Ollie cakes and urban cookies is the same thing. He had to put the word "cakes" in to be on the show. Interesting :))Everything here is so goood and so bad for you.  Lolz
5	Hello gluten free donuts, gluten free cupcakes and gluten free macaroons. Not to mention a ton of other glutinous delicacies that I'd love to smuggle into my mouth when my gluten free man isn't looking.This place has been open for a few year I think? However, this recent addition of Gluten Free goodies is marvelous for my taste buds (not for my new years diet). Very hip interior, and cute brown boxes to take your goodies to-go - so you can feel like a hipster with your sweets.
5	Mmmmm so so good. Had the chocolate  cupcakes and wish I had bought more. I could take a bath in the ganache. I also won some major brownie points with my pregnant wife bringing them home as a surprise. Great stuff. Highly recommend.
4	This place has the most delicious treats, the best part is it's less than 5 minutes from my work!
4	Yum! They have wonderful baked goods here! Just as the name suggests the best items are the cookies, but everything is good from the cupcakes to the brownies!
5	Can I just say  " best cup cakes I've ever tasted. Omg the orange and the lemon cup cakes are just Amazing   But all the different flavors taste awesome too   The place is small and trendy very clean and very welcoming service is super friendly    Just the best cup cakes I've tasted
5	Usually people think cupcakes are over-rated and too sweet, but I have to say these are to die for. My favorite cupcake is the Carrot Cake, and I literally crave it all the time. Their cookies are amazing as well, always so moist. They always are so fresh and are not overly sweet or over priced. I recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a great cupcake.
4	Since my previous review, I have been back to Urban Cookies for cupcakes a few more times. I will have to say they do have winners and less awesome flavors, but they are very tasty over all. On my most recent visit they had superbowl cupcakes. I brought home a Seahawks (mocha....duh), a broncos (chocolate marshmallow), and the 49ers (red wine buttercream, vanilla cake, and chocolate filling). The Seahawks was good, the coffee flavor came through and the chocolate was perfect with it...a real classic. The broncos was kind of a loser in my opinion (ha.... in more ways than one...ha). It tasted like a ho ho or something...more like a prepackaged cake than a fresh one. Was not my fave at all. The real winner, however, was the 49ers cupcake...it sounds weird, but it was so so SO good. The chocolate and the red wine went perfectly together. As the husband and I finished this cupcake I was sad.... I may never get to have this cupcake again...oh no! Please put this on as a regular special...it is awesome!!! Anyway, as a whole, Urban Cookie is a cute small local bakery with tasty cupcakes for a reasonable price (on par with other cupcake places). Check them out!
5	I love everything about this place. You really can't go wrong. My favorites are the peanut butter cupcake and the french macaroons. SO good!
5	Went here today and this place was great. All my coworkers gave about there gluten-free and vegan donuts but I went with their snickerdoodle. Moist, chewy. Just the right amount of sweet. And you don't feel quite as bad about eating it because they use the highest quality ingredients. I recommend it and I will def be going back real soon.
5	I had the chocolate walnut browny-bar with ganache( on it 2 times in a row. The best I have had in a long time.
5	Don't let the name fool you, Urban Cookies offers way more than cookies. They also serve, donuts, muffins, cupcakes, scones, and breads. And for those looking for gluten free/vegan options, they have a ton of these too! I found out about Urban Cookies after a friend shipped me a box while I was in the hospital. For anyone who's had a lengthy stay in a hospital, you know almost daily you get treats. Urban Cookies was by far one of the favorite treats I received and one of the few the nurses agreed to take off my hands as I couldn't finish the whole box even if I had tried. When I left the hospital I was excited to find out that Urban Cookies was located just a few minutes away from my house! Score!!When I finally had the chance to visit their bakeshop, I was shocked to see they had scones, breads, and cupcakes! The scones are definitely my favorite of all their baked goods. The lemon scones are perfect for a spring brunch. They are soft and crumbly and probably the best scones I have ever had. They have a wide assortment of cupcakes. My favorites have been the brown velvet, smores, and Irish cream.They rotate out their baked goods selection depending on the season so check their online menu before heading over.On my most recent I saw they were selling gluten free/vegan donuts. They were very good but a little more cake like than what I'm used to for donuts. They're not my favorite donuts in Phoenix, but definitely very good. Those looking for gluten free and vegan options will not be disappointed. And lastly, they sell the most delicious pies on Thanksgiving. For the past two years I've ordered their pies for Thanksgiving Dinner and have been very pleased. Their Pecan and Pumpkin have gotten a lot of compliments from our guests and they're homemade whipped topping is just perfect! I love that Urban Cookies uses lots of locally sourced ingredients which makes me feel less guilty about the extra calories I'm consuming.
2	A friend raved about this place, so I was super excited.  As someone who has traveled the country, my love for cupcakes is large :)  The cupcakes here were a disappointment. We bought half a dozen, all different flavors to get a feel for how they are.  ALL the cupcakes were dry...nothing great at all.  The frosting was grainy and left a greasy film from all the butter.I did give 2 stars, ONLY because of the cookies!!  The cookies here are amazing!!!!  They were delicious, I would recommend these 100% over the cupcakes!!  I will not go out of my way to come here, but if I am in the area I will get more cookies, no more cupcakes for me.
5	I love this place because they make a delicious gluten-free vegan (all allergen free) cinnamon sugar donut! I haven't been able to eat baked foods since I was on a restricted diet 2 years ago-- this place is a little slice of heaven. They will show you the ingredients if you ask and make it so easy to feel confident in what you are eating. On top of that all the cupcakes, donuts and cookies my husband has tried (who can eat anything) he has loved. Great bakery! Thank you for making delicious treats for a girl who can't eat anything!
5	The name is misleading as they offer a variety of desserts. I've come here twice for their cupcakes, and they are good, no matter what flavor you get. The cupcakes are apparently gluten free, which means nothing to me as to me the dessert tastes like you're eating sugar and fat, which is good!
5	Although I haven't been in the store itself, I can say with certainty I will be back! My dad brought home a couple for the family. I had the classic! BEST. CUPCAKE.  EVER. The frosting was perfect! Not too sweet. The cake was moist but had a crust on top, underneath the frosting. I can't wait to try more. I'm already thinking of an excuse to drive the 45+ minutes to go there and try the rest of the flavors.
4	Cup cakes and cookies are really good. I got a peanut butter cookie and few cup cakes and the best one out of the ones we got was the  the birthday cake. Banana came in second. Margarita didn't care for. Will be back. Very nice lady too.
5	I bought some cupcakes here for Valentine's Day and they were absolutely delicious!  The shop was very cute, too.
5	The chocolate chocolate ganache cupcake is one of the finest desserts I have ever had anywhere (including high end restaurants.)
5	Just stopped in there spur of the moment for my birthday and everything I got was amazing. Pretty much everything was half off because he said he does that after a holiday. We got one of everything and was not disappointed.
4	We ordered about 100 cookies and they individually wrapped them for us. The various cookies were all great.  My fav was the dark chocolate chip with walnut - with some milk....so good.  The one with pineapple coconut seemed to be quite popular as well as the double chocolate with sea salt.
4	WOW, their chocolate cupcake is sinful.  Very rich icing which I believe as ganache - or at least had that consistency.  Very delicious.  I also had their pineapple coconut cookie which was very good as well.  There's a couple of bar seats in the store and a couple of tables in front of the store and that's about it.  Definitely more of a take-it-and-go establishment.
1	I am giving this place one star only for the decor. Other than that I was very disappointed. I tried this place because I was in Phoenix and they won cupcake wars on food network so I figured why not? It has to be good right?! Umm no! Dry cupcakes that tasted more like a cornbread muffin with weird frosting that looked amazing but tastes like plain butter with nothing sweet about it! It left a weird film of oily slickness in you mouth. Apparently they were supposed to have peach fest cupcakes but nothing tasted like peach at all!  The sales lady was weird too. When I asked how much for 6 she looked up in the air and was like I think $19.00. I was like ok how much for four and she was like ummmm $12 I think. If you paid for just one they were $2.99 each. That is an expensive cupcake! Anyway I figure they will be amazing and hey food network winners so let's splurge and get the 6 for $19. She rings me up and says well since they are 50% off your total is $9.00. What?! Why not say that from the beginning. Like maybe say well we normally sell the for 6 for $19 but all our cupcakes are 50% off right now... Like I said weird. But thank goodness for the sale because after tasting them, if I had paid $19 bucks for that crap I would have been suuuuuper pissed. When in Phoenix pass right on by this place and hear for the nearest 7 eleven, they sell stale doughnuts better than anything in this place.
5	I'm shocked at some of these reviews about the cupcakes!  What kind of cupcakes are people eating that claim these suck?  Maybe they are used to store bought or box cupcakes and don't realize that "real" cupcakes have a richer and yummiest taste?!?!?!After reading the reviews I had a sick urge to try a cupcake to see how bad it is so I stopped here to get a cupcake and cookies for someone's birthday.  I tried the brown velvet cupcake and it was so freaking good!  Cupcake was very moist and the frosting was rich and creamy (no way close to being oily or gritty).  Definitely one of the best cupcakes I've had!  The store was adorable and the girl working was super sweet.  Will definitely be back a lot!
4	I just discovered this place and it JUST HAD TO be 2 minutes walking distance from my office! Now I'm going to go broke! It will be worth it. I had the German chocolate cupcake, breakfast bun, oatmeal cookie, and banana bread (I'm fat on the inside, yes). I loved all of it except the banana bread. It was a bit soggy and doughy. But everything was AMAZING. Especially the cookie! If you have a sweet tooth, I defintely recommend this place.Enjoy your clogged arteries.
5	I don't know how anyone could give a poor review of these cupcakes!!?I'm from NYC and also lived in Los Angeles for 5 years, so I've been to some great bakeries in my time!Urban Cookies is up there in quality, flavor, and presentation of their all organic cupcakes. I have been coming here since I saw them on Cupcake Wars. I have never had a dry cupcake or one with any flaws to the icing or otherwise!The cake is always moist, not overly sweet like many other bakery cupcakes, and the icing is always so divine that you could eat it with a spoon by itself (although it is very rich so u can't eat too much of it!)The peanut butter cupcake is a favorite of mine as is the vanilla. Any flavor is an amazing experience. You won't be disappointed. I have brought these to friends and everyone is always amazed- many times reacting similar to the scene in "when Harry met Sally" in the diner.Seriously.Check them out. It's worth the price!!!!
5	I just had the BEST donut from Urban Cookies. It was so delicious I just can't get over it! I took a but and it just melted in my mouth, so good. The customer service was good as well. What impressed me the most was that a little boy came in (maybe 14 or 15 years old) to buy a bottle of water (it was much needed, today was 110 degrees). The guy behind the counter asked him if he was walking or taking the bus, and the kid said he was taking the bus. The guy gave him a free bottle of water. He said it was for anyone who walks or takes the bus. I love it, support being green. It was wonderful. I still can't get over that donut. It says on the bag they use local and organic ingredients, which I love. I try to avoid GMO as much as I can.
4	Wow! The chocolate cupcake was so rich and decadent I couldn't finish it. The shop is very cute and looks great. Next time I will try another (hopefully less intense) flavor.
5	Mmmmmmm.... So good. But get there early or you will miss out. Once something is sold out- your out of luck
5	I'm strictly am a vegetarian and eat very healthy.   My best friend brought me a couple of cupcakes and they were the best I have had in a long time...like mom used to make...i wish there was one closer to my home but will make it a point to drive out to it ... Very good stuff. ..eventually I will try all on menu
5	This place is AMAZING!!!! They come up with the most creative cupcake flavors. They have their regular daily flavors and then they introduce a few feature flavors for a limited time. My coworkers are absolutely addicted to this place. I'm here on a weekly basis. They even have gluten free & vegan option as well.
5	The cupcakes here are soooooooooooooooooo good. The cake part is fluffy and moist, and the cream is buttery and not too sweet. I also like that the boxes they come in have divisions so they don't end up sticking next to each other. Oh, and they even have gluten free and vegan options if that's your thing.It's a super cute and small place. Service is prompt and the folks behind the counter are always friendly. This may be my favorite dessert place in Phoenix.
5	The cupcakes here are SOOOOOOOOO VERY INCREDIBLE!!! The cake is moist and full of flavor--the right amount; and the frosting buttery and not too sweet. And to top it all off, everything is natural--no artificial coloring or flavoring; AND they even have gluten free and vegan options!!!!!!!!Urban Cookies (or Ollie Cakes as I initially knew them) is a super cute (yet small) place. Service is impeccable...the staff is ALWAYS friendly. This is my (and my family's) ABSOLUTE FAVORITE dessert place in Phoenix!!
5	The Cupcake Wars connection was the draw for the visit, but would return for the yummy baked goods.  I got a snickerdoodle cookie, which was a nice size and had the perfect cinnamon sugar crunch.  The cookie had a nice soft chew.  My husband approved of his oatmeal raisin cookie too.  We got a carrot cake cupcake and a brown velvet cupcake, which we ate the next day.  We refrigerated them and they were still nice and fresh.  A good one person size and not too over the top with frosting.  I enjoyed having cream cheese frosting instead of buttercream on my chocolate cupcake.  Rich flavors and a good crumb.  No dryness either
2	For a shop that was featured on Cupcake Wars, how disappointing. Then again, have you watched Food Network lately? Being on the show does not guarantee good food. Lesson learned, again. I got the peach berry cupcake and rosewater cupcake, both flavors being featured on Cupcake Wars (or something like that). Rosewater cupcake - the scent of rose and floral taste was prominent in the frosting. The cake was overly moist to a point you couldn't hold it. It literally just crumbled in your hand. Not good. I like my cake moist but I would also like to actually hold it and be able to take a bite. My hands were a mess. The frosting was too sweet, perhaps too much sugar to make up for the insane amount of rose water put in it. I could smell the roses from 2 feet away. The peach berry cupcake had peach corn cake with berry compote and tarragon. The tarragon was nowhere to be tasted. It just did not exist. Their website said it came with shortbread on top, which mine didn't have, and maybe the shortbread had tarragon? Either way, my soul was a little crushed due to lack of tarragon. The cake definitely had the corn cake texture and it made the cake a little dry. What an opposite from the rosewater cupcake. The frosting was well done, not overly sweet but not much flavor. Tasted like they went a little overboard with the shortening. It was an experience but not one I would repeat.
5	Most delicious cupcakes in Arizona. They flavors are original and delicious. My absolute favorite is the seasonal 'churro' cupcake. I am shocked to see a bad review on both the Rose Water and Peach Berry. Two of my favorites! Sometimes the cake is a little crumbly but that does not count against it in my book. Sprinkles has nothing on these nummy cakes.
5	You have to try these cookies!If you ever find yourself in the Phoenix area, craving a cookie, then look no more, Urban Cookies Bakeshop, is a must! At Urban Cookies all of the amazing confections are made with fresh, local ingredients and the staff really seems to enjoy their jobs.  The shop might be called Urban Cookies, but its not only the cookies that are delicious, the cupcakes are simply amazing. I couldnt decide between the double chocolate and sea salt or the dark chocolate and walnut cookies, so I got both and  they were both  outstanding  These cookies are fresh baked, very buttery, and most of all flavorable. There is a big difference tasting products made by hand from people who care, and Urban Cookies is one of those places.
5	Great Central Phoenix bakery! I stopped in hoping to try the Churro cupcake but I missed it by about a week. My husband loves Reece's peanut butter cups so I got him that flavor and I picked the chocolate on chocolate for myself, both were amazing. The women that helped me was patient as I took my time deciding. The price was about $3 bucks per cupcake and extremely worth it. I can't wait to bring our 7 year old for a nice treat!
5	Beautiful and delicious cookies and cupcakes. If you're in the area you should check it out. It's super yummy!
4	We were on a food frenzy during our visit for 3 days to Phoenix.  We couldn't leave without some form of dessert!  Urban cookies didn't disappoint with their coconut pineapple cookie.  It was soft, moist, and delish.  They weren't stingy with the coconut and it definitely showed within the texture.  Unfortunately, the chocolate chip cookie was overcooked.  The bottom was burnt so it just wasn't desirable.  We also tried the banana bread which I thought was tasty.  I believe it was vegan but you really couldn't tell the difference.  It was super moist and the flavors were all there.  We also tried a twix cupcake and vanilla cupcake.  These were the winner winners.  The frosting was on point.  The cupcake was perfectly moist.  I didn't even see a crumb leftover from either cupcake.  Nice find.All in all, if I'm ever back in town, I'd come back and check this place out again.  The guy behind the counter was super friendly and very imformative.  He helped run through some of his favorites and he was on point.  They also have a parking lot.  Score!4 stars.
1	Sorry I have to vent, We came to your establishment today and bought three cupcakes and three cookies. Cupcakes and cookies fantastic as always. I just wanted/needed a small drink of water to rinse my mouth after eating my cupcake in establishment. I asked for small glass and was told I could buy a bottle of water from cooler at $1.50. The water was a sparking spring water which I do not care for and I also was being treated to the cupcake from my daughter in law as I didn't have any money. This made it a little embarrassing for me and after we just spent $15.00 I feel was pretty low. I have come into this store and have purchased items over ten times. One time I bought $40.00 worth and you couldn't get me a small glass of water!!!!!! I will spread the word about this. I probably will never purchase cupcakes her again!!!!!! There are plenty of other cupcake stores!
4	Don't let the exterior set your expectations for the place! It's super cute on the inside with cupcakes that look more like pieces of art than food. I was hoping it would be more of a cafe where you could sit and hang out - to enjoy the ambiance but they only had a few stools and it didn't even seem to have a restroom. Majority of the patrons came, ordered to go, and left. Which is a bit of a shame because it's super cute and cozy in there. I did notice that they sell cold brewed Cartel coffee (awesome!) in addition to the bottled drinks in the cooler but no hot coffees. Also, I have to agree with the woman who posted about not having tap water available. Personally, I believe offering tap water is just a basic gesture of hospitality. Enough about what they *aren't* and into what they are - they are an awesome bakery to get some pretty amazing tasty cookies and cupcakes.  Seemed to have more cupcakes than cookies despite the name. Perfect for special occasions, gifts, or to really indulge your sweet tooth. They also change up flavors according to the season. They had pumpkin bread they were selling which seemed to be pretty popular.  Also had gluten-free options, 3 different kinds of bars (brownies, blondie, and one other), and a variety of baked donuts.
5	I can always count on Urban Cookies to satisfy my sweet tooth.  I love how their menu is constantly changing with the seasons, putting you in a festive mood!  For example, on my most recent visit (it's October right now) they had caramel apple cupcakes, pumpkin cupcakes, and spider cupcakes!  Don't be alarmed, the spider cupcake was just their birthday cake cupcake with a spiderweb designed using white chocolate.  The seasonal treats are really pretty to look at.  Also, the flavors are inventive and fun!  However, you can never go wrong with a vanilla cupcake with chocolate frosting.  My favorite!  What I love the most about Urban Cookies is that the cake is always, always moist and the frosting is never overly sweet.  I'm always saying to people that Urban Cookies has the best cupcakes anywhere.  If you're new to Phoenix, or just visiting, I recommend putting them on your list to visit.  Don't forget to try the cookies, too!  After all, cookies is in their name.
5	Best cookies in the valley hands down.  They have peanut butter, double chocolate, dark chocolate oatmeal, chocolate chip, snicker doodle and pineapple coconut.  Great choices and you can't go wrong with any of them.  They do offer a 3% discount if you get a dozen.  If you ask me 3% isn't very much lol, but I guess it's better than nothing.  We got a dozen cookies, 2 cup cakes and 2 donuts and it was $32 bucks.  So this sweet visit will cost you some money if you're a cookie fanatic.  Well worth the cost and trip if you're in the area.  Staff is friendly and don't forget to sign up for their rewards program called Belly.
5	We came here today for the first time, their cupcakes are amazing.We highly recommend people to go there. The service is really good and the cupcakes are the best we have ever had.
5	Took cupcakes and caramel, nut shortbread to party a hit! Staff very friendly consistent quality
5	Definitely go out of your way to try this slice of heaven.  They are expensive but I feel that I am filling my body with quality ingredients so it is worth it.
5	We've been to Urban Cookies a handful of times- If we didn't live in Gilbert, it'd probably be in the hundreds. I'm surprised I haven't written a review sooner and the 5-star rating is long overdue! I picked up an assortment of cookies and cupcakes tonight and the family loved them all! I was really impressed with the guy behind the counter. He was really nice and upbeat- went a step further and showed us the holiday products for sale. He seemed really knowledgable and was very helpful. Thanks for the delicious treats and great customer service!
5	Some of the best sweets in town!  We stopped in for Small Business Saturday and enjoyed the pumpkin bread, lemon cupcakes, peanut butter cupcakes and pumpkin cupcakes...all were moist and so  delicious!  This place could become a bad habit!
4	Great cupcakes. Great cookies too. Server was friendly and knowledgeable.  Try to go when happy hour.
5	Happy hour for cookies, delicious/moist cupcakes and service that's as sweet as their desserts.  This is what came to mind after visiting this dessert/bakery shop!        This place looks like a whole in the wall, but it's not how big a bakery is that makes it awesome, it's what they put out that does.   I definitely tasted the TLC put into all the baked goods they have here.     FYI - their cookies are awesome, but need to be eaten that same day.   The cupcakes are delicious and can be kept until the next day if you need to take them home and travel.   Also, look for specialty cupcakes - i tried the lemon/raspberry cupcake with pistachios and was amazed on how good it tasted.    Bonus - they provide a military discount!  =)i'll definitely be back if i'm in the area!  highly recommend
4	I had an amazingly great first impression of this bakery when I first tried it last year.  The best cupcake I've ever had was a "Mexican Hot Chocolate" that had a spicy kick in the rich chocolate frosting.  They didn't make it again this year, sadly.Unfortunately, I've also had a few dry cupcakes (a sweet potato with marshmallow topping cupcake for example), and they can be a tad on the small side for what they cost.  When they're dry you think "Oh, that wasn't really worth $3."The cookies have always been very moist and delicious though!  Yes, they're still a little pricey for single (large) cookies, but buying when they have their 50% off sale helps address that.  The winter cookie specials (chocolate peppermint, ginger molasses as a gingerbread man or drop cookie with turbinado sugar, and a sugar star with white chocolate frosting) were excellent this year.The brownies are ridiculously rich and decadent!  Definitely fudgey and not cakey. I'm not a mocha fan but I actually like the richness the espresso brings to them.Parking is extremely convenient compared to similar bakeries (park behind the fence, against the adjacent building, there's signage), and I've never seen it too crowded either.Don't forget to download the Belly app to get free reward points with every visit!
5	The hot cocoa cupcake is sooooooo good. Very moist and not too much icing. I also enjoyed their brown velvet and carrot cake cupcakes. Some of the better cupcakes I've had in a while. They also some really delicious cookies. There was a dark chocolate one I believe that had sea salt on it that was amazing. I went on a Monday with my aunt and happened to catch happy hour which was half off cupcakes and cookies. They did say that they didn't always have happy hour for the cupcakes, but I believe the cookies are always on happy hour  on Mondays. The only sad thing is I live in Los Angeles. But I have their menu and they do ship!!!
