3	Went here for lunch yesterday. The service was good, friendly and fast. The chips and salsa was the best part of the meal. I ordered crispy tacos, they were soggy and the shredded beef had no flavor. While the service was good and the complimentary salsa and bean dip was tasty, I wouldn't go back here. I can go to Roberto's and get a much better taco for far less.
5	HUGE fan of this Mexican restaurant as Super Mex. Was sad when I arrived and saw that it was now Jalisco Cantina. The menu is a tad different but the atmosphere was still the same, and my favorite employees were still there. Next thing I noticed different outside of the name were the chips and salsa. Super Mex had the super-sized round chips and JC has regular chips. They were still tasty, however. I typically order the Super Mex burrito and my mom the taco salad, but we both stepped out of the box as I ordered the vegetarian nachos and she the chimichanga. They were both AWESOME!At the end of the day, I will miss Super Mex. They were here a long time and loved their food. But Jalisco Cantina is great in their own right, and are worthy of carrying the torch. They are their own entity, so comparing them to Super Mex would be unfair. But, they are worth the visit and try, and I will be back often as the food is absolutely delicious!
1	This place sucks as did Super Mex come to find out it's the same owner. They think that adding spice or making the plate hot in taste makes it a good Mexican restaurant. The chicken was hard and dry and serving queso fundido with "tostito" chips is a No No tortillas is the way to go. The bottom line is this is a gringo restaurant.  I will not be back and I will not recommend this place.
4	We stopped eating at Super Mex because it was way too expensive for bad/mediocre food. Saw the sign changed and figured we would give it another try.The menu was upgraded a bit over the Super Mex menu. Gave a combination a try, so I could try a couple different enchiladas and their crunchy taco.The chips were better as chips, than the big discs. Their salsa has improved, too. We emptied that salsa bowl!Food came out, maybe a little slow, piping hot! Seriously, the wife opened the foil wrapped around her tortillas and they were steaming for a couple minutes. So, the food is very fresh!My crunchy taco was delicious. Their shredded chicken is moist and flavorful. The taco shell was not super hard and it seemed to be freshly created, rather than a packaged shell. Their enchiladas were equally as delicious, I cleared the plate completely, and went back for more chips. Stuffed is an understatement!For the negative, $3.50 for a single taco seems high. $4.50 for a single enchilada also seems a bit high. The combination seemed to be relatively fairly priced.Overall, we won't avoid this place like we did Super Mex, we just need to be in the mood for a little more expensive of a meal.
4	I am definitely a fan!!! After an awful day including my car breaking down, being towed, and $$$ later....I was at Pep Boys (thats another story) and found out that my car wouldn't be done until the next day. My friend and I wandered a few stores down and saw Jalisco Cantina where we decided to grab a drink as we waited for a cab. I am SO happy we did! We sat in the bar area which had an awesome screen showing the Thursday night football game. The bartender was AWESOME, I think his name was Alan, and he was helpful and attentive. He suggested and explained multiple items on the menu, brought some chips and salsa, and had a great knowledge of the tequila as well. Since we didn't know when the cab would arrived, he suggested we get something to-go and we could snack on it there if they hadn't came yet which worked out perfectly!Also, the chips and salsa were amazing. I am a huge critic of Mexican food in Las Vegas, to be honest I think most of it is horrible. Every restaurant I've been to has pretty mediocre if not bad salsa, adding things that shouldn't be in salsa. However the salsa at Jalisco was delicious! They even have a habanero salsa that is crazy hot-I may have overestimated my heat tolerance by bragging too much then eyes watering as I took a huge bite. :) hahah oops! It was still really tasty though, just super spicy which I love! The tacos we took to go were really good as well, I will definitely be back for a full dinner!
5	Had a lunch special that was one of THE best tasting, unique dishes I have ever had at a Mexican restaurant.  Don't be afraid to go "off menu" here!  Restaurant recently changed name & decor but not ownership (I asked).  Great value menu available 24/7.  Highly recommend.
4	Really good food .  Fresh ingredients and prepared very well.  loved the Omelete.  Great Chorizo
5	I am not a local, but during the week of Inside Bitcoin: Las Vegas - there was a group of 40-50 people that went here because Jalisco Cantina accepted Bitcoin! Everyone was extremely happy about it. The food was AMAZING, the Vegetable Fajitas were delicious. Service was phenomenal. Absolutely no complaints. If you like Mexican food, this place is a MUST.Happy feasting. Cheers!===PS - Let them know you want to pay with Bitcoin :)
5	I'm giving it a full 5 stars for serving up one of the most delicious meals I've ever had. Mexican or otherwise. Bacon wrapped shrimp and Carne Asada steak with fresh sides. Good service and cool open kitchen. I will be back. Often.
5	All the familiar deliciousness of Super Mex...with a new name. Still my favorite Mexican food in Vegas! Also, the change in the tortilla chips is a welcome one!
4	Yo quiero Jalisco! Service was quick and efficient. I had the chimichanga and my wife had the street tacos, both of which were excellent. The food did tend to be on the spicier side for this suburban Jewish kid. We will definitely be back to try more of the menu.
2	Very disappointing...Ive been going to this place for a pretty long time. However, it was when it used to be SuperMex. tonight was my second time visiting there after they changed.  I gota say that I am not happy with the joint. Super mex used to be a great place to get a cheap and delicious bite to eat. But now its gone :( I used to go in there all the time to enjoy some delicious chicken tortilla soup for around 5 bucks.. which was a great deal. the same soup now comes in a smaller bowl and is nearly double to price. I would have to say that 9 dollars for a bowl of soup is kinda ridiculous for a place like thatThe first thing I experienced upon walking in the door was the hostess who gave me a menu COVERED in salsa and food. I opened it to find red sauce just running down the page as well as beans all over it. I told her that it was gross and to give me another one.. She then rolled her eyes and walked away with it.. Never to return with a new one. Finally our server comes out (who was the only reason this place didnt get a 1 star rating) and gave me a new one. Our servers name was Lisa and she was awesome. Very nice and very efficient. She even brought out new chips and salsa without having to be asked.. which is a huge bonus for me, as I love chips and salsa.We then order our food. I had the Mole. The Mole was very generic.. Good.. but generic. The chicken however, was terrible.. It was very tough and chewy, and had alot of fat on it. I bit into a huge chunk of fat and instantly felt sick,  You could tell the chicken was not cooked in the sauce. I would assume it was thawed out, already cooked and was just warmed up, and covered with the sauce. My gf had the enchiladas, which werent bad, but also very generic in my opinion. I gota say the only good reason to go there was the chips and the service.. But not for food. Which is sad because its mostly a restaurant.  It is also more expensive by far after the name change. Save your money and go elsewhere.
4	We decided to try this place after reading all the Yelp reviews and we loved everything we ordered. Chips and salsa are delicious. My raspberry margarita was yummy! We will definitely be back.
5	Different name but still a great place to eat!  Same owners and staff. New menu that is delicious!  You have to try the Mar y Tierra.  So good!  We were skeptical to go because we thought that it was going to be a different experience. Very relieved to see that LISA was still there. We had her as our waitress many times before.  She is Great and is very friendly!  We definitely will go back how that we know.
4	Two tacos with rice and beans is VERY filling! I was pretty hungry and I could only eat one taco. I got the asada and al pastor - both packed full of meat and very flavorful, especially the al pastor. Taco shells themselves are a bit too small tho; you kinda have to use a fork to eat. Comes with pico and guac. Mexican cheese was plentiful and delish on the plate! Free chips and salsa comes with a chipotle brown and a bean dip - both yum even tho I prefer red salsas. I ordered a Dos Equis on tap, too, and got a HUGE one in a beverage glass. A beer glass would have been classier, but hey. :) This place is open 24 hours which is amazing. For the quality and price, I'll definitely be back. :)
5	Happy Hour in the bar has crazy good appetizers in huge portions at $3,$5 & $6.00!  Great tasting house margaritas for $2.50 but the best part is this restaurant offers green cilantro rice besides the standard red and you can request your pinto beans whole instead of refried.  Their house salsa has a great roasted tomato flavor too...so much more interesting than the usual around town.  We loved this place as Super-Mex before the name change and were delighted to see they kept the mainstays of the place the same.  It's all good!
4	Came here for lunch the food was good specially the salsa, I had the tostada special and my husband the two taco lunch everything was delicious. The waitress was nice and friendly. $20 it's a good price for this meal.
2	Well I tried Jalisco again because I had the Groupon. Not happy that they charged me an extra $2.75 to add a bit of rice to my Chicken Taco Salad AND this is after messing up my order when I said I didn't want it in a tortilla shell. Really?!?  The food has gotten a little better but I still miss my old Super Mex.. :(
3	had a shredded beef burrito that was on the lunch special menu and for the price theyre wasnt much special bout it but it was a decent feeling meal
5	Happy hour was amazing!! The street tacos were great with so much meat!!! Wish we lived here we would go all the time!!
5	Me and my girlfriend had a group on for this restaurant so we decided to give it a try.  It was about 10 at night and I ordered the Mexican pizza.  I can honestly say that I had a good experience and the waitress was awesome.  Her name was Imelda.  My drink never got below the halfway mark and she was there on point.  The music was a little loud but it was tolerable.  I would definitely eat here again.
3	The food is great! Really tasty and well priced! I was a little upset because the server seemed overwhelmed, stressed, and in a hurry. The server stuck out his tongue and said gross after I made my order. I think that is just plain rude. I hope that they can hire more people to help out because the service was pretty poor. I think this place has potential, but need some more training for the crew. Not sure this is a place I would recommend to my friends and family.
4	Delicious tacos! The Mexican pizza needed sour cream and hot sauce- which was a little extra- but good! My husband loved their habanero salsa, but for sure pass on the fried ice cream! It's just frozen ice cream rolled in corn flakes...ew
2	I remember when this place was old Super Mex, so I was expecting pretty much the same. It was just a weird experience.From the beginning, the design outside in the front is weird. I guess the symbol is supposed to be a depiction of agave, but it just looks really bad. Also, the front says 24 Hour Video Poker, which I just found strange. Yes to promoting 24 hours, NO to video poker. Just makes it seem like it's going to be really crappy bar food or something. The host who sat us seemed like he had no idea how to host. He just seemed lost, but it wasn't a big deal. We got seated very quickly. We were greeted by our server, Jose, who was great. He convinced us to get Margaritas in spirit of Fat Tuesday. He wasn't pushy at all, very friendly and nice. He took our order, and then came back a few minutes later to tell us that he won't be our server tonight. Poor Jose was being sent home because it was slow. It was strange as it wasn't super slow in there. It was even stranger that Jose seemed to linger on about this, almost to the point of talking down about the establishment. It was sad, I liked Jose and wanted to give him a tip but I didn't have change and he had to leave. We were told of the special, which sounded like Chic Parm, except substitute chicken with steak. It sounded awful so we went with Carne Asada and my friend got Shrimp tacos. My carne asada, for the price they charged, was pretty wack. You expect carne asada to be very tasty and tender. It lacked the juiciness and the tastiness of carna asada. The rice and the refried beans were good though. Shrimp tacos were all right as well.Then it just took forever to A) get the bill and B) get the server to get the money back to pay the bill. In the meantime I had a random woman (guessing it's the owner) asking me if everything was all right. It was, it was just strange. Who are you? Are you the owner? Random patron? What is going on in this place?!Finally got someone to pick up my check. The total was $19 and some change. I put in a twenty. I get it back and I get no change. I mean we're talking about like 50 cents or so, but really? I didn't get any change back? All right? I'm not mad about the experience, it was just really underwhelming. I love Mexican food. I think this place has just a major image issue. What is it? Is it an authentic Mexican restaurant with Jalisco specific recipes? Or is it like the Mexican version of PTs? Or is it Mexican version of Applebees? Is Jalisco spanish for Applebees?
2	Jalisco, I'm sorry, but we need to break up. It isn't me. It's you. 100% you.Last night, the wife and I went to Jalisco for dinner. We were seated quickly enough. The chips and salsa were brought right out. We even had our drink order taken quickly. Our server, Esmerelda, appeared shortly thereafter and took our order. My order: 3 Combination plate - Cheese enchilada, Shredded Chicken Enchilada, Shredded Chicken Crunchy Taco and all rice, no beans.30 minutes later, Esmerelda stops by the table and asks us if we would like dessert. Ummm, I would prefer dinner first. She had a look of confusion flash across her face, glanced at the kitchen, the fear of realizing she had left our food in the window for who knows how long flashed next, before she said our food would be right out.Imagine that, 30 seconds later, our plates were brought out. My "crunchy" taco was soggy, fell apart the moment I lifted it up. The kicker? Shredded beef, not chicken. Ok, I'll eat the rest, while we wait for her to check on us. First enchilada I dove into, also shredded beef. Seriously guys? 30 minutes and you send out poorly made, wrong food?Finally, Esmerelda stops back by, we show her how everything was wrong with my food. She says they'll get me the right food out right away.While waiting for that food to arrive, I give the cheese enchilada a try. What could they do wrong with that, you ask? Somehow, the cheese was chewy. Not standard cheesy deliciousness chewy, but did they put some gum, or old tire in the cheese chewy. After a much shorter than 30 minute wait, a plate with a chicken enchilada, actual crunchy taco, rice and beans was delivered to the table. By then, I was a little over the entire experience and tired of chewing, after consuming the cheese enchilada.The last two items were decent, not good, but decent. Needless to say, Jalisco is not on my list of places to eat again. Ever. This happened on a Thursday evening, they had maybe 3 other tables when we got there, no big rush leaving or entering at any time when we were there, so it wasn't like we got lost in the shuffle. Also, having a Yelp logo asking for reviews on the menu is bad form. May want to double check the Terms of Service on Yelp before you do your next run of menus. I didn't notice it until the server was picking up our menus, else I'd have photo'd it.
5	I gave this place 5 stars 2 years ago when it was Super Mex ( always thought that was a dumb name) . I'm pleased to say now that it is Jalisco Cantina (better name) the food is just as good if not better. Fantastic salsa, delicious yellow rice and wonderful flavors throughout the menu. Also love the new festive paint colors they chose for the interior, one of our favorite places for Mexican food!
5	The best Mexican restaurant in Vegas/Henderson!! They have tons of coupons in the Entertainment book and they do Groupons so it makes it even better!! Love the creamy chipotle sauce on EVERYTHING!!! Yummmy!!!
4	We were worried when the change happened, but honestly I like the food better.  The only thing we do miss is the green rice from Super Mex was much better and we like green chili verde, not red.  Besides that, we love the place, the food, the margaritas and their service is always great.
2	Mediocre Mexican at best. Food is as uninspired as its strip mall surroundings. And with lunch costing $15 for a drink and two a la cart items, way overpriced. Do yourself a favor and go to Roberto's instead. Same quality food for half the price.
1	Originally I was quite fond of this place, but I recently ate the fish tacos and the fish was rancid. When I mentioned it to the waitress she went right over to the cook on the line with my plate to show him, his response was "yeah I know it's bad." Won't be going back.
1	I am really hoping I just had a rare bad experience at this place but that never happened when this was Super Mex.My first review was glowing. They seemed to have not missed a beat since becoming JC from Super Mex. All was on point then minus the chips and salsa. This last visit I had was just disappointing.They still have the grilled veggie burrito on the menu that Super Mex had, and I decided to order it again now that they're JC. Man, what a mistake! It was absolutely flavorless and overdone on the black pepper. I mean OVERDONE! All I could taste in each bite was black pepper! Brought my Mom for the ride and she said she could smell the black pepper clear across the booth! Absolutely awful! The waitress asked me if everything were good and I lied and said yes only because I was in a hurry, and didn't have time for them to do it over.My Mom was a fan of their chimichangas when they were Super Mex and she said her order this go round as JC was extremely flavorless as well. And my favorite waitress wasn't there anymore. :(At the end of the day, goodbye Super Mex. You will be missed. Also, goodbye Jalisco Cantina, but you will not be missed.
1	The service was par had to ask for  refills and place was not busy!The food was very good, the service was the worst ever!  I ordered Ceviche and I never got it, my wife order two chicken taquitos dry nothing on them and Chicken taco no lettuce - cheese only and they messed it up and then the food runner acted like she should take the messed up order.   When we got the bill the food server told us she took care of the bill that is correct.  When I look through the bill, the server double charged us for the combination plate chicken taco and two taquitos.   Very disappointed there is 67 Mexican restrains in a 13 mile ratios.  We have a lot of other options next time.  They have lots of food servers and food runners, just not a lot of service going on, never got a refill on the salsa and had to ask for water and ice tea refills .  We live in green valley, if they are still open in a couple months, might give it a try AGIAN!
5	AWESOME! AWESOME! AWESOME! Came here while I waited for my car to be serviced and I was there for 1 hr. I came in just in time for Happy Hour and I got chips and salsa at the bar. I ordered 2 Bud Lights, and the Carne Asada Tacos Tijuana. My check was $7 something. The tacos were delicious and full of meat. They are not cheap when it comes to serving you meat. The tacos came with a side of rice and beans which were also delicious. Their salsa for the chips was superb as well. No complaints on my end at all! The bartender Allen was great and I will definitely be back for more!
4	I've lived near Jalisco for 2 years and LOVE Mexican food yet have never had the desire to try the restaurant because the sign is ugly and uninviting!! My husband however knowing my love for Mexican food decide to take me there for a date! I've now been to Jalisco twice and have been sooo impressed with the environment, service and food!! I have greatly enjoyed my experiences!!!
4	This was the first time here since it changed over from Super Mex. We went for lunch. We were seated immediately and were given chips, salsa and bean dip. I like the chips much better than before. These are triangles as opposed to crispy whole tortillas. I ordered cheese enchiladas with a side of guacamole. My daughter ordered the carne asada street tacos. Everything was very fresh and tasted very good. The guacamole was freshly made but was a little bland for me. I added a little bit of salt at the table and it was better.  We will be coming back again to try other items on the menu for sure!
4	I've stopped in here a couple of times, late at night. Great late night happy hour from 11pm - 2am. The Tijuana street tacos...so much food for $5 happy hour price. And they are really good. Order the habanero salsa, I dare you! This has become my favorite late night, close to home hang. Awesome bartenders with great personalities.
1	Stopped in around 2am on a Friday because we wanted beer and some Mexican food after getting off work. Well, we got the beer, but waited almost an hour for our food... I have to mention that we were the ONLY 2 people ordering food. The bartender kept coming over and apologizing that it was taking so long... but I'm still confused WHY it took as long as it did. They only offer half the menu that late at night, and it's not like we were ordering extravagant meals.When our food finally came out it was absolutely inedible. The shrimp in my burrito was burnt, as was my boyfriends fish, chicken, and shrimp tacos... We had to flag down the bartender to tell her we just couldn't eat the food. So we ended up leaving, still hungry, an hour and $20 later...
3	I think the daily special - carne asada like- dinner was ok nothing special about it.  The price is right for the food however the drinks were kinda pricey.  A regular margarita tasted nothing like at Lindo M...that was waste of $ however the tall margarita was much better :) A bottle of beer is almost $5 kinda high for this place. The server was friendly and very helpful overall I enjoyed the meal I chose but not the margarita or the price of our bill
4	Great place for lunch - good value and Kelly the bartender does a nice job too!! They have delicious carnitas, and taqueria too!  Today I'm have the Casera chicken taco salad!
5	Great  place to take the kids I love that I can feed my Family of 5 for  40 bucks can't beat that and the staff is so nice
5	A recent transplant to Las Vegas -  I have found my "Mexican food home" with Jalisco. The Street Tacos are some of the best I have ever had and the Carne Asada is always consistent. My wife loves the chees enchiladas. Another real nice touch is the refried beans served alongside chips and salsa. Try not to fill up on them as I always do, and always find myself taking leftovers home, which are almost as good as the original a day later. Highly recommended!
4	Came back due to an invitation from management. Decided to order the exact same thing as last time. It was significantly better this go around. Mom said her chimichanga was better as well. They've reeled me back in and I will be back more often. This is great news because I love the atmosphere and intimate setting. I have to say that I still miss Super Mex (Sorry management. This is not your fault.). But I am getting over the fact that they're gone and Jalisco is now here instead. But, I can say that I took my Mom to Lindo Michoacan today for Father's Day and we both agreed that the food there still wasn't as good as it is here as Jalisco Cantina. Oh and the manager here insisted that the grilled veggie burrito wasn't on the Super Mex menu, but I beg to differ. It was, I ordered it often and it was amazing every time that I did.
5	Visited this place from a groupon ad as a visitor from dallas. Coming from a city that is saturated in Tex-Mex. This by far is the most amazing Mexican food I have ever had! Must visit each time I come to town.
5	Very good for being reasonably priced. Its not high end Mexican cuisine but their service is great and they have a broad enough menu. I enjoyed the chicharrones, or fried pork rinds. How often do you find those on a menu? All large portions too. We never had to ask for refills or anything either. Waitresses were working as a team.
1	The food was very good, the service was the worst ever!  I ordered Ceviche and I never got it, my wife order two chicken taquitos dry nothing on them and Chicken taco no lettuce - cheese only and they messed it up and then the food runner acted like she should take the messed up order.   When we got the bill the food server told us she took care of the bill that is correct.  When I look through the bill, the server double charged us for the combination plate chicken taco and two taquitos.   Very disappointed there is 67 Mexican restrains in a 13 mile ratios.  We have a lot of other options next time.  They have lots of food servers and food runners, just not a lot of service going on, never got a refill on the salsa and had to ask for water and ice tea refills .  We live in green valley, if they are still open in a couple months, might give it a try AGIAN!
4	I've really enjoyed this place, even when it used to be the ol' Super-Mex. You will not find traditional Mexican cuisine here. But it is not a Qdoba or Baja Fresh either. It's somewhere in the middle, very similar to a Lindo. Plus, I've never had a bad meal here.I wanted to check out Jalisco's ever since they bought out the Super Mex. When the Groupon came out, it provided me with just that opportunity. I can assure everyone that the food is pretty much the same quality, which is a good thing.Let's start out with the complimentary tortilla chips. They are a wonderful balance of crispness and greasiness. The salsa is on point, with a slight kick, and fresh flavors.I thought that the shredded meats, beef and chicken, were a little bit on the tougher side, but not by much, I still enjoyed them in their taquito, enchilada, or taco form. The sauces had well balanced flavors, and everything was well seasoned! Everything tasted very fresh as well! The guy did mess up my order a lil bit by forgetting my tortillas that were supposed to come with my queso fondito... I was about to go into Hulk smash mode, but realized that sometimes things happen, maybe not the way I expect, but in a way that makes me want to eat my hot cheese with a fork.Juan's flaming will be my go-to spot for tex-mex cuisine. But, Jalisco's isn't too far behind, and I like the fact that this place is centrally located. A packed dining room on a Wednesday night can't be wrong as well!! They also have some killer happy hour and graveyard specials.
2	Good food, horrible service. Long wait times even though the place was only half full
4	I have been coming here since it was Super Mex and will continue too come back! Love this place! They bring you out chips with a delicious salsa and re-fried beans to dip in while you contemplate what to order. I have tried a few dishes here and they were ALL good.. most recently they had a special that was a chile rellano filled with ground beef and covered in a chipotle cream sauce...MMMMMMMM!  They have the BEST shrimp soft tacos as well... so addicting! I also like their chicken rice bowl, it comes with cilantro lime rice which is the bomb.com and you get a huge portion for only $5 (enough for dinner and lunch the next day)  The one thing I really miss was when it was Super Mex they had an "Antojito combo" that I loved and they no longer have this available...boooo. It came with mini chimichangas and adobo wings that were DELISH! Jalisco PLEASE bring this back for me!!!! ;)
5	This place gives big portions of food. Prices are very reasonable and they always have by one get one free coupons. The staff is very polite and attentive. If your looking to just have a drink at the bar, this bar is fully stocked and the bartenders are great! One of my favorite authentic mexican restaurants!
2	This place is usually really good. Today I had the worst possible service. The waitress took about 10 minutes to take the drink order, and went to get it, and forgot a coffee, and just brought waters, she "remembered" and took 10 mins to come back with the coffee. She then took the order, quick and easy right, sausage and eggs, and a soup (negative ghost-rider) took over 30 minutes to get the order. She (the waitress) never came to inform what might be going on, or an apology or anything; Finally her assistant dropped off the food, and we did not see the waitress all meal long. BILL TIME (Chunn-chunn-Chuunnnnnnn): so I ask for the bill, and explained I have an "Entertainment e-coupon"... she asked if she can take the phone, I asked, "do you really need it?" she said yes, the manager has to see it. I asked if the manager could come to the table if he needed to see it. (my phone does not need to be floating around with people I don't know, for I don't know how long). She said I will get him... yep... you guess, she forgot. I had to walk to the bar to ask for the manager (which wasn't at the bar,like the waitress said), he showed up and used the coupon and handed my bill. While I was trying to pay, I mentioned that his waitress needed some help on being a bit more attentive but its like I was talking to the dirty beer mug in front of me, because he did not acknowledge, just asked me for my card. Then, even though he was in front of a register, he decides to go to another register. I follow him, and then the only words out of his mouth are, "sign here" without handing me a pen. When I asked for a pen, he got one, and before the transaction could be completed, he just walked away and left me standing there. HORRIBLE WAITRESS, HORRIBLE MANAGER!These are the type of employees that make people not wanna come back. Very disappointed, as this place is usually pretty OKAY.Never super great, and never super bad... UNTIL TODAY!I will go back, cause the food is actually pretty decent, but never when these people are there.
5	I ordered the carnitas nachos and they are wicked awesome. The servings are huge, the service is great, and the food is delicious.
4	I was pleasantly surprised by this place. I had been here a few times when it was Super Mex, but I think they have definitely improved with the name change. I really liked their chips, salsa & bean dip. We also ordered a quesadilla for an appetizer and it was really good. Although I don't know how anyone can screw up a quest Dillard's.  :)  Unfortunately, I stuffed myself, and then I could barely eat my yummy Mexican Pizza. But not to worry it was equally delicious later that night at home. Next time I definitely want to see if they can make the Mexican Pizza with a corn tortilla instead. The bf ordered the Tequila Sunrise and he was very happy with it. I tried a bite, but I was already so stuffed. We definitely over ordered. I also really enjoyed the Margarita. I'm not usually a tequila drinker but it sounded good at the time. Just the right amount of salt on the rim. Delicious!
4	I am very impressed with the food. I will be back again. Love the chips and salsa.
4	Right when u sit they give you chips salsa n beans yummy I love beans with chips. Service was alil slow being that I was the only 1 here at 9am lol.... Margarita was good I had the regular De La Casa... Ordered chilaquilez (if thts how u spell it lol ) they were good. Wish it was spicy tho. Rice beans are good. I would definitely come back.. :)Warning* Plates are very hot and they don't tell u till its on the table and u touch it. My Thumb still hurts :(P.s I'm a picky person hard to impress :)
5	Was recommended by a coworker. Loved the carne asada and the people were extremely attentive and friendly! They kept the drinks coming and the food was great! Will come back again!
3	We been there more than 20 times in the past years the only person the got all right is the bartender the white kinda heavy ...lolSorry for my poor description. . At night wellllllno goooood
1	Service started off nice, then it went sour when we asked for a tong or utensil to pick up the fajita ingredients and put in the tortillas. The WAITRESS Lisa recommended the weekly special,  chicken milanesa: flatter than a pancake and overcooked. She was forgetful about my drink order.She didn't care til the end when she asked if we wanted the fajita ingredients to go. We said it was burnt, but she blew it off like nothing. The steak and shrimp combo was overcooked with a burnt tasteDon't waste your time or money, go to Cafe Rio if you want fast mexican food.
4	Like the fact it is open 24 hours.  My wife and went there over Labor Day weekend and had the shrimp app and a steak burrito. Everything was perfect, had enough burrito to share and take back to hotel.  Had no problem using the groupon.  Our server gave us some utensils to take back also.  Definitely recommend
4	Hubby and I came here on a Friday night on a whim and we were both glad we did. The service was good, food was tasty, and drinks were on point. The best part was the bill; about $35 bucks for two with alcohol!! We weren't expecting much, but we will be back again.
3	Most of the stuff that I've tried on their menu is ok. Nothing special, but not bad.Their salsa is quite possibly the best thing that was ever done to a tomato.
5	Hands down, me and my fiance's favorite Mexican restaurant! This is the first time I've ever reviewed a restaurant online, but I felt I had to spread the word. We've brought several friends here and when they ask us what to order we tell them anything on the menu because it's all so good. We have tried several different dishes and have never been disappointed. My personal favorite is the Tequila Sunrise Enchiladas del Mar...the creamy chipotle sauce is amazing! They have daily specials for under $10 and those are always good. Chips, refried bean dip, and salsa are complimentary. The bean dip is especially delicious, we always have to order refills. This restaurant is a must try!
4	I had dinner at Jalisco Cantina in Las Vegas, NV on 11/23/2014.  It was my 1st time there.  There was about a dozen of us.  I had a three item combo and a large tamarindo (no free refills).  The food was good and Juan, our server, did a fine job.  Plus, I took photos.
3	Went here when it was Super Mex so we decided to try it out. Service was painfully slow....it took forever for our appetizer and drinks to come out. The server was very apologetic, even though it wasn't her fault. Mexican pizza was average, wouldn't order again. I ordered the carne asada street taco and it was good.  The del campo street taco was horrible. I took one bite and didn't eat the rest. Chips and salsa and bean dip were average. Nothing special. Don't think we will come back.
3	I arrive and ask for a booth, I do realize I'm a party of one in a near empty place ( before lunch rush) and was acomodated. I explain beforehand I have a Groupon. I was told what the specials of the day were and I agreed. So far so good, right? WRONG!. The seat in the booth tilted, it's broken, I nearly fell....I asked server to pick a drink for me....she did ...but why do you serve top shelf margaritas in a bud light promo glass??  Food, well if it wasn't served with salsa and tortillas, it could pass for a diff. cuisine...it was yummy. Server 5 stars, she did her job ( thanks lisa). Management 1 star just for hiring her!.. (otherwise,  should not have hazards in restaurant) Bartender, the drink was awesome...again management...pick new glassware!
2	I want to give this restaurant 2.5 stars but that is not an option.  I figure that a 3 out of 5 is a place I would return to, and unfortunately, this will not make the cut.  I wanted it to be good, as it is very near where I will be moving to, and I wanted a nice close-in Mexican restaurant.  Will try and be brief:1.  Hostess friendly, seated promptly (Sunday around 7:00 PM)2.  Waiter quickly brought chips, salsa, and beans to table.  This was a positive, as that is my expectation at Mex restaurants.  Salsa was good, beans were lukewarm and very firm like they had been sitting drying out for a while.  Chips were just "ok" at best.  Couldn't quite tell if they had been fried up there that day or not.  I want HOT chips that have just been salted and evidence they had just come out of a fryer less than 10-15 min prior.3.  Food, kinda bland.  I got a combo plate, chicken "crispy" taco (soggy by the time it got to me as it laying on wet lettuce), an average cheese enchilada, and average rice and beans.4.  The "cadillac" margarita definitely had tequila in it, which I was impressed by, but I thought it was a fairly small glass and not real flavorful with real lime juice, etc.So . . . will I return?  Very doubtful.  Lindo Michoachan pretty much sets the standard for food/service/presentation in Vegas, and JC gets a 4 on a 10 LM scale.  Again, regrettable as I wanted this to be a go to place for local Mex.Revision 1/6/2015The owners have reached out to me by my comments and are very concerned I did not have a first rate experience.  I am encouraged by that and they urge us to give them another try (which I will do).  That is quite positive right there, that they are monitoring Yelp and respond to reviewers.  Also, I didn't mention that we ordered some guacamole dip and it was VERY good and VERY fresh (I think they mixed it up just as we ordered it!
