5	I am not sure about the current state of Caffe Paradiso (has the name changed or is the title a typo?), but when I was at UofI 5 years ago it was rocking.Cool atmosphere, good coffee, yummy fresh made food.  Great place to study or just relax.  The music they played was always great and I was often asking who it was so I could buy the album.They were open 24 hours during finals week (are they still?).  I remember being there one night at about 5am and the owner came in and made a large batch of scrambled eggs for everyone that was still there (for free).  Ever since, I get a warm fuzzy feeling thinking of the place.I always go back whenever I am in Urbana, though it's been a few years.  I hope it is still cool.
4	This was my home away from home.Delicious fresh-made sandwiches. Great coffee. Mountain Dew "on tap." And they had a great variety of bottled beverages.Great place to study or hang out with friends. Although the place was often too smokey (and this is coming from a former smoker). I always ran into people I knew - working or lounging. There was always a familiar face.No longer open 24 hours during finals week - but that was a godsend when they did it. I wish there was something like this in Chicago.
5	i had a great lunch here last week with a friend.  i felt truly sad that i had not frequented this place more often.  i used to come here a bit more when it first opened 12 years ago, but then sort of forgot about it.atmosphere:complete diversity with construction workers, students, faculty, local business people.  super tall ceilings with mismatched furniture and about the lowest key vibe you can find in CU.food:we both had exactly the same thing, green iced tea, hummus plates, and white bean soup.  we splurged and bought the $6.75 Vosges chocolate bar to celebrate both of our impending moves.The food was delicious and super cheap, save for the chocolate bar.I am now trying to cram in a few more lunch dates here before the departure.
4	I like to stop in here for a hot chocolate in the winter and cool lemonade in the summer - great for both!  The atmosphere is really relaxed and comfortable.  Free wireless is always a plus in my book, and there are plenty of places to actually plug in that laptop.  Keep in mind that restaurants and bars are smoke free in Champaign-Urbana now, so no worries about a smoky atmosphere here!
5	Paradiso is, hands down, my favorite coffeeshop in town.  It's one of the only things that would convince me to move to Urbana.  Their coffee is from Intelligentsia = fabulous.  Their soups and pasta salads are made fresh every day, and the bread and pastries come from Mirabelle, a really wonderful local bakery.  Music is great, there are lots of outlets, and the wireless is usually solid.  Paradiso used to be one of the only places where you could drink good coffee and smoke indoors - that's gone the way of the dodo, but I still have fond memories of dates spent behind the row of fake trees, smoking great cigarettes and drinking black black coffee for hours.
5	I'm not a coffee drinker, but I hear Caffe Paradiso has excellent coffee. So why do I come to this coffee shop if I don't drink coffee? Paradiso is a great place to work on homework with other people and pick up a quick lunch. Most coffee shops have horrid little shrink wrapped pre-made sandwiches, but Paradiso makes its sandwiches to order with artisan Mirabelle bread. The soup and salad selection isn't bad either and the bottled beverage selection is perfect. Caveat? The chairs are mismatched and kind of cool in a Bohemian way, but kind of bad for sitting and reading.
4	Paradiso is a cozy place where students can enjoy their cuppa coffee and work on scholwork at the same time. I love the ambience and their wide selections on their menu. My coworker once bought the day's lunch special and it was italian beef and it smelled soooo good. My favorite item on the menu is a mixture of expresso and half & half.
5	I've never had the food there, but the espresso drinks alone are worth 5 stars.  The first time I went there, I got the cappuccino and my boyfriend got a machiatto; they were both fantastic with intricate "latte art" poured in.  Before this I'd only had Starbuck's, and man, could I taste the difference.  I finally knew what coffee was supposed to taste like.  My second time I just got a cappuccino to go and it wasn't quite as good.  I think the girl who made it was training or something.  The other times I've been there were somewhere in between the first and second time. It's my favorite coffeeshop in C-U, having been to Starbuck's, Espresso Royale, and Cafe Kopi.  The prices are pretty comparable to the other places ($2-$3 for a small drink) and the atmosphere is nice and cozy.  If you're an espresso fan I recommend Paradiso.
5	The coffee's good, but I definitely come for the food. The bread is always fresh, the soup selection is seasonal and super-tasty, and the bread-and-spread plate is a ridiculously great snack for the price. Fast wi-fi, great atmosphere - you can sit and read in peace, but also just hang out with friends without getting dirty looks from The Scholars. The only downside is that the lighting's pretty dim, so studying can be tough unless you're right under a bulb or next to a window. Bike parking's sort of a pain, too, but it's worth the hassle.
4	This place has a tendency to turn into a big-time hipster hangout. This isn't necessarily a bad thing, but be prepared to face an unwarranted level of pretentiousness on occasion here. However, most of the time it's a fine place to sit and do some school work or meet with friends.That said, Paradiso has probably the best coffee in the area. They serve Intelligentsia, which is an excellent call on their part. It's one of my favorite coffees and the people working seem to know how to properly make their coffee as well. With some other unnamed local coffee shops raising their prices but still turning out burnt tasting and inconsistent espresso, this should really be your first choice locally.I've never had their food, but it has a good reputation as far as I know.
5	So, I've lived in Chicago for approximately 8 months. I have not been able to find a coffee shop that I actually like.This may be because I'm outgrowing "hanging out at coffee shops." I might also just be too busy, or more comfortable at home.At any rate - Paradiso is not just a cafe - it's an institution. Everyone who has ever gone there regularly knows this, and most can just sense it from being inside. There are some things it could do better with: some of the furniture is a little uncomfortable, sometimes the music is a little loud. At the end of the day, though, this place is a slice of your life in Champaign.I remember fondly the smokiness (although I no longer smoke), the cramped Rentertainment, the progressive expansion, the awkward open mic night experiments, the pasta nights, the yard sales, the employees, the friends I made and met there, regularly, day in and day out. I did a lot of growing up there and for good reason. It's a great environment. They really do most everything right. 1. Product: you can stand by product quality! Intelligentsia coffee, Mirabelle pastries and breads. Good business practice means knowing how to make money without cutting the wrong corners. The owner knows what she's doing.2. Service: baristas know how to make drinks! Seriously! This place has a hipster feel of course - but most of the hipster baristas I run across in Chicago are too busy trying to be cool and can't actually make drinks. The baristas at Paradiso are cool, and are competent at customer service and drink making. Again, the owner knows what she's doing.3. Environment: It's close to class, but not that close to class. It's close to dorms, but not that close to dorms. There's nice, tree-lined Urbana to your east. I heard lots of albums for the first time there. And there's a chance you'll make a friend or two. Not to mention, really comfortable bathrooms. I know that seems strange to say, but when you're on your 10th cup of coffee on a study binge, the bathrooms better feel right.I really should write more, but that would be more of a memoir, than a review. Just suffice to say, the place is great.
3	I love the coffee and food at Paradiso.  Sandwiches, soups, and pasta salads use fresh local ingredients and are delicious.  They always have vegetarian or vegan soup options, which I really appreciate.  It's a tad expensive for the area, but I've always found it to be more than worth it.  Coffee is out-of-this-world good.Minus two stars because of the staff.  Everyone is really, really, really  nice, but I've found that most of them are pretty slow, both literally and figuratively.  At least half the time my order is screwed up, and it usually takes them forever to get around to making my coffee drink, assuming they don't forget it entirely.  I go in at least once a week to get a soup and sandwich for lunch, and it will regularly take 20+minutes for me to get my food, even when there are very few customers.Paradiso really needs to work on training it's employees for more efficient and accurate service.  A leisurely, quirky barista is fine when you're there to relax, but during the lunch rush, they need a staff who can read a sandwich order, put the sandwich together correctly, remember which soup option the customer ordered, give it to the right person, and remember the small iced latte that was ordered with the sandwich.  In my experience, this is they only area where Paradiso is lacking.  The problem is that the service is so bad that it makes visits here really annoying at times, especially if you end up with a parking ticket because you only had one quarter to drop into the meter.   If I'm in any kind of a hurry, Paradiso isn't a viable option.
3	paradiso was way better before they had a stage. not only does the stage kind of mess up the seating, but now half the time you have to listen to some shitty indie band assult you with music that you never wanted to hear. i just want to drink my cappuccino and play chess, okay?that said, the aforementioned cappuccino is always dead on. this is the only coffee shop in chambana that makes a dry cappuccino actually, well, dry.also, they need to just make the whole place smoking or non-smoking. it all smells like smoke anyway, and virtually everyone wants to smoke inside, but only four or five of the tables are in the 'smoking section' which isn't even remotely separated from the 'non-smoking section'.
5	Everything about this place is brilliant. I probably come here about 2-3 times a week to read, study, and hang out with friends. Paradiso, by far, has the best food that is near the U of I campus and my high-school. This place is versatile in that, while it has gotten me through finals, it is also a fun hotspot for all of my friends. The Coffee is also AMAZING. After drinking Paradiso's coffee, every other coffee besides some select coffee houses in Europe, will taste like maxwell house.While I adored the old Paradiso (yard sales, even more awesome employees, and quirky christmas parties with santa being one of the employees) it still has that hip and artsy feeling that is hard to come by, especially in CU.
4	I'm excited by Caffe Paradiso.  I love the wireless, the vibe, the performances, the coffee, the sassy baristas.......basically, for this Californian, Pardiso has all the vibe and energy of the coffeeshops I love back home but now in my soon to be new 'hood of C-U.  The sandwich was a little lackluster, but the fruit that came with was a nice touch, and the service was great.It was a great way to treat myself after having gotten an apt. today.  Woot.I can't wiat to keep my graduate student nose to the grind stone here. :)
4	This was a lovely coffee shop.  I didn't spend much time here, but it was a nice place to read a book with a hot cup of coffee.  I liked the mismatching decor, the mix of people, the abundance of seating, the great music, the cute lunch counter, and the fact that they have WiFi.  When I saw this place from the outside, I never expected it to be so cool.  There's some saying about books and judging covers, though....what was that again?
5	i'm in love! This place is awesome. This reminds me of all the small coffee shops in the Mission  of SF where I'd use to frequent..... except with this one, there's no laundromat attached! But, zomg  the hummus is exceptional! They even serve the pita warm!! It comes with tomatos onions and OLIVES! I think I've also found my go-to spot on campus for studying. I hope it has nice hours!
3	It's okay.  It's large, lots of room.  But the tables are tiny.  They have free wifi, but everyone connects to power strips and extension cords that are strewn about haphazardly.  Watch out so you don't trip.  And people would unplug your computer if you weren't paying attention.  It looks more like a dorm area than a business.The tables and chairs are mismatched, which I'm sure is the style they're going for.  It would be cute if it just had something a little more to connect everything together, instead of a bunch of furniture thrown in.  It looks like left-overs from the dorms and frats that surround the area.  And it was sort of dirty.  Like dusty.  And the windows weren't clean.  And flies.  I can't stand trying to study with flies buzzing around me.  It's sort of the little things that can make a place be "wow."  And the coffee was, in my opinion, rather overpriced.  Very good, but I was a little miffed at paying over $2 for a 16 oz. house coffee.  I guess because it's closer to the school they can over charge.  But my friend loves that brand of coffee, so we go there.I don't know, the potential is totally there.  It would be better if they kept it cleaner and more organized, and wiped the tables down on occassion.  But they do seem to have good hours - open until 11pm I think.  And the people behind the counter were nice.
5	Best sandwiches in CU.  Also the best humus dishes.  If you go make sure you try the following combo:1. Sour dough bread,2. Salami,3. Provolone,4. Lettuce,5. Mustard,6. Olives. (if you like olives.)I used to get that sandwich all the time before I moved.Also be sure to try their pastries, which come from a bakery in Urbana.  They get their bread from that bakery too, so don't go on Sunday or Monday because the bakery is closed and Paradiso won't have fresh bread.  (This makes a huge difference, get humus if you go on the wrong day.)A couple of the reviews below complain of the smokyness.  It's no longer smoky as Urbana law prohibits smoking in bars and restaurants.
2	Everyone seems to love this place, and I've tried to like it, but I can't say I'm a fan.  Drink quality is up to par, but it would be great if the staff would occasionally get around to actually preparing the said drink instead of chilling out talking to one another while not making eye contact with a customer.  This is one of the only places I've ever been where I get consistently frustrated by the service.  Crazy that I would bother them by actually ordering food, right?You also kind of have to duke it out for outlets at times, which doesn't make recovering from the lengthy ordering and waiting for your drink process any more fun.
2	I'm really disappointed to write this update, but after several months of denial about what has become of Paradiso, I'm finally admitting that it's time.My experiences here have been getting progressively worse for awhile now.  Service is as bad as ever, which I used to be happy to overlook because the food and coffee were so great. Now the soups are being over-seasoned with heavy handed doses of curry powder, dill, and what tastes like artificial smoke flavoring, but ironically lack salt and pepper.  The vegetables and legumes are also usually undercooked (we're talking crunchy peas) while the pasta is overcooked and mushy. Their soups used to consistently wow me, but I can't remember the last time I had one that was even passable. Sandwich fixings are being poorly cut so you end up with things like half inch thick cucumber slices and bread of wildly different sizes on either side of the sandwich. Portion sizes are also shrinking to the point of ridiculousness, and the cup of soup for (i believe) $3.50 is becoming increasingly offensive.   Prices overall have gotten pretty nuts.  Today I spent over $12 on a half sandwich/soup combo with which I was given very little soup, a pastry, and a bottle of water that they didn't actually ever give me.  It was pretty much the nail in the coffin for my Paradiso lunch habit.Paradiso, please take note! You were once my favorite place for lunch and had soup so good I was willing to wait forever to get it. Please get your act together so I can love you again!
2	- Overrated- Expensive- HipstersThree strikes and you're out, Caffe Paradiso.
3	I was visiting UC for a couple of days and stopped here one cold afternoon for some coffee. This place is huge was wasn't crowded. The coffee and service were good and fast. I came in to check my email so I was disappointed by the poor quality wifi. The mismatched decor was interesting but I had to find a table that my laptop would be level on!
5	My favorite place in Urbana/Champaign.  Fresh bread and pastries from Mirabelle, homemade soup, and pretty good coffee/tea + free wifi - what else could you possibly need?  The soups can be hit or miss but the sandwiches/pastries are always perfect.I come here for breakfast/lunch/work, it's kind of a temporary office for me and you start to recognize the other regulars after a while.Really nice service, fresh food, music ranges from cool to strange but that doesn't bother me.
5	This is my favorite place in town.  The sandwiches are the best I have ever had and i am never disappointed by how fresh all the ingredients are.
3	God, I hate hipsters.Paradiso makes a good cup of coffee, and a good Cafe Americano, but at what cost?$3 for a large Americano whereas a similar size at Starbuck's (Oh no, I forgot that's a chain!) will be about $2.40.Ok, sometimes you gotta pay a premium - right?Don't you even dare to not tip the barista, regardless if they screwed up your order or barely said a word to you. One guy said "THANKS A LOT" sarcastically as I didn't tip for a $2 coffee. Whatever, douche.Service has somehow plummeted even more since they've gotten new management. The woman helping me was yelling in Korean the whole time making my coffee, didn't say a word to me, and messed up the order. She also rolled her eyes when I told her that it wasn't what I ordered.Most of the times here, it's OK if you go in and out and don't expect any interaction from anyone.Did I mention it's filled with hipsters? Say the word "vintage" and watch everyone turn around!
3	Um, all 4 people in Paradiso when I dropped in at 7:30 in the morning to grab a cafe mocha gave me this look like I was an alien as I walked through the cafe.  Next time I come back to Urbana, I'll get my strange look ready in response.All the tables and chairs look like they're from dorms and classrooms in the 1950s.  Gives the cafe a worn, unique, and... musty... feel.  Woot for free wifi.My cafe mocha was just like you want your men... hot and strong.  I knew I walked in here for a reason.
3	Their half sammiches are gigantic.  The ciabatta bread was very good, and word on the street is that the nine-grain is to die for.  Something in my roast beef provolone sammich didn't sit right with my stomach though.  I may be reverting back to the Jimmy John's 2 doors down for my 'wich fix now.
1	Let me start by saying I really hate this place. It reeks of Hipsters and their hipsterness. The coffee is ok at best it would be better if it wasn't served with the attitude that your are inconveniencing them by ordering something.
2	Coffee is bland. The hipster baristas are rude. No where to chain up your bike. They close way too early.
3	I preface this with the fact that I just got my seasonal flu vaccine and it's making me feel like crap.That said, Paradiso, very very very lightly flavored (and I use that word generously) iced water does not "organic sweet plum berry" iced tea make!  There was nothing sweet, plum, or berry about it, and certainly nothing flavorful enough about it for me to tell you if it was organic.  I want my $2.75 plus $0.50 metered parking fee back, thank you very much.In my less cantankerous moods, decent coffee (they carry Intelligentsia beans, but none of the supposedly godly Los Delirios), decent pastries, free wifi, but overall pricey as hell (something about the fees for green coffee going up).  Combined with the hordes of happy chirpy undergrads that frequent this place, I'll be taking my business somewhere else.
1	A small coffee is now $2.50 Lol.
2	There must be some mistake. Am I on hidden camera? The menu says that a small coffee is $2.40, with an in-house refill of $1.40. I assume this is my fault, I must just be missing the fine print that says every cup comes with a free indentured servant, or is delivered on the back of a domesticated cheetah. And I assume that the "small chocolate milk" for $3.75 comes in at least a half-gallon sized cup, since I can buy a gallon of delicious Oberweis chocolate milk for less than that at the grocery store. One chocolate Big Gulp, please!My complaints with the service, too, are all my fault. Why must I insist on employees who acknowledge my existence? It's so petty of me. And my obsession with tables that aren't covered in trash is really getting embarrassing. Yet, I persist, constantly interrupting the baristas' conversations to ask them to get me some coffee, or inconsiderately wiping the tables that have been lovingly encrusted in grime. What's my deal? Clearly, I don't deserve to go here anymore. So, you know... I won't.
5	This coffee is strong and smooth.  Excellent flovor.  Excellent atmosphere with plenty of seating.
2	I have to update my review for this.  The last few times I went to Paradiso, I ordered my usual cappuccino.  It was bad to the point where I could probably do better making it at home; the foam wasn't smooth or well integrated with the rest of the drink.  It was pretty much plopped on top and had the consistency of "dish bubbles," which is not what you want when you're making a cappuccino.  I'd probably give Paradiso a 2.5 if I could because the sandwich i got there was pretty good.  But I was just so, so disappointed by the cappuccino quality that I can't give it a 3.
2	I excuse the high price I pay by the fact that I am too lazy to walk my arse over to the cheaper, not better Expresso Royale that is 2-3 blocks away. It's right by my department offices and when I have early meetings I swing in here right before to get caffeinated. That being said, their Chai Latte with a shot of expresso is pretty good. They do have free WiFi but I've only attempted to study here once. It was too dim and the chairs were uncomfortable and not situated at a good height with the table (maybe I'm just short).
2	i make better sandwiches
1	Truly awful coffee. Yes, they use intelligentsia but oh my are they doing it a disservice. Where to begin? The coffee is routinely overly bitter due to it being brewed with too hot water. They pre-grind beans and let them sit around for hours at a time. Finally, it's pretty clear that they are brewing a weak cup (not enough ground coffee per pot). On occasion I'll ask for the coffee of the day just after it has run out. They will start brewing a new pot and pour me a cup before the pot has finished brewing. Only then is the coffee even remotely close to its potential. I started ordering americanos in the hopes of getting something a bit more flavorful, but the aforementioned too hot water blew out the flavor of the espresso. The sandwiches are good, but inconsistent. Sometimes the bread is fresh, sometimes not. Sometimes they will pack the sandwich full of veggies, often not.Finally, the prices...I write this as I sit in a cafe in seattle where I just paid $3 for a perfect latte. $3 gets you a mediocre cup of coffee and that is not right. Paradiso, if you are listening, adjust your water temp, clean your water filter, up the amount of coffee you grind per pot, grind your beans fresh, and drop you prices by about 75 cents for your drinks across the board. Intelligentsia should refuse to sell beans to cafes that treat their beans so poorly.
4	Espresso rocks. Coffee is so good. Food is over priced a bit, but still great. The space is a bit '90s. Overall, I would drive quite a way to get coffee here. I am a huge fan of Intelligentsia. I felt their espresso was represnted really quite well.
4	God I'd give them a 5 if they weren't so ungodly expensive. I'm a student and 2+ dollars for a cup of coffee is just too high. Also why is an iced americano $.50 more than a hot one? $3.30? GAH! I really wish I could afford it but I can't.Paradiso makes great stuff. Great Americanos, great lattes (even with latte art, woohoo! who knew it existed in Champaign-Urbana?), etc. Their environment is also great. It's absolutely what a coffee house should be, laid back and busting with culture.I don't know what else to say. They're great, but too expensive. I'm going to go broke if I pay for that everyday! I have to pay for rent and food and things!
3	It's hard to evaluate the merits of a coffee shop based on a french soda, but this place seems pretty good. It cost about $3 which is a bit pricey, but tasted good, and the syrups they use are good quality.I'd have to keep going here and grab a coffee to see how the place is on the whole.
4	My absolute favorite place to get a cup of coffee, as they serve Intelligentsia and they (usually) brew it up strong.  Good sandwiches, too.  I think Tuesday and Thursday they have an Italian beef on the menu.  Not made strictly "traditional", but an awesome version nonetheless.  The only downside is that their brewed coffee is noticeably more expensive than Espresso Royale or Starbucks, so I usually visit Paradiso to treat myself.
4	My opinion of this place has improved since first moving to Urbana. Their espresso drinks are high quality, and they have an excellent selection of teas and pastries. Also, their sandwiches are really good. Make sure to try their oatmeal cookies!
5	Atmosphere, great sandwiches, soups, flavoured drinks, Monin syrup. WIFI, power strips everywhere, lots of seating available.If you like a nice ambience while working/studying this is the place. I love the collection of eclectic tables, chairs and booths in this space. This place is great for people-watching also. They have a few boardgames on a shelf near the bar. The workers usually play their own music, which works for me most of the time, but oh my goodness I went there one night where they were blasting Beyonce and Britney Spears. I should have said something, but I tweeted my disdain instead...I love getting the vegan soups there. So tasty and comes with yummy pieces of bread. It feels better since they give you so much in huge pretty bowls that also heighten the experience.Their sandwiches are huge and filled with lots of veggies.They make great flavoured drinks such as the mayan mocha (spicy cinnamon mocha). AND they use Monin brand syrup which is a huge plus for me because I do not like Torani and DaVinci is the worst. That's my personal preference.This place has the best soy mochas in my opinion. The mixture of the intelligentsia espresso and soy makes a great nutty combination.I almost forgot! They serve a mean affogato! Espresso, icecream, whipped cream, those tasty small almond cookies. I wish places here would do it like caffe paradiso instead of just giving me gelato and espresso.The pastries from mirabelle's are amazing. I recommend the alligator and bear claw. So soft and fresh.
2	Go there for the atmosphere.  Go there for the good if pricey food.  Go there to study.  But for goodness sake do not go there for the coffee.I have not been there in a long time because of this reason.  I went there again and I took a sip of the coffee as I was leaving and guess what....it was burnt.  I got into my friends car and before I said anything they asked me.  "Is that coffee burnt?  It smells burnt."Low stars are only there for getting the coffee so wrong for so long.  Otherwise a fine place.
3	The clientele is made up of two seemingly incongruous groups: (1) trendy Koreans, and (2) burnt-out hipsters who spend their time staring forlornly out the windows and smoking cigarettes.  College students monopolize tables for hours, so good luck finding a seat on the weekends and afternoons.  If you are not averse to meeting strangers, most people are willing to share their table if asked.Paradiso also can't seem to hold onto owners.  If you ever come here and feel slighted by the service, wait a few months and the management will have been replaced.  Each owner makes few changes to the menu, though you'll see their personal touches elsewhere (the current one seems to love those hand-painted, ceramic houses that grandmothers collect).In spite of its quirks, Paradiso is the best place in town for coffee and espresso.  They serve Intelligentsia Coffee, which is unrelentingly bold and rich; if you hold the coffee to the light you'll see that it is completely opaque.  After a cup, I usually feel as though I just had a particularly filling breakfast.Like most cafes, the food is bland and expensive, but suffices if you have managed to acquire a table and don't want to risk losing it by leaving for real food.  The best part of sandwiches is the bread, which is provided by Mirabelle (a fine bakery in Urbana).  Chips are usually smashed into a coarse dust before being served.  I've had the best luck with the pasta salad, though it is only offered in the summer and some of its variations are fairly terrible (any "pesto" version can be considered safe).
2	This cafe is a shadow of what it was a few years back. The eclectic ambiance is the same, which I appreciate. Maybe it was an inexperienced barista, but my iced americano was terrible. It was bitter, grinds were floating, and a small was over $3. I should've gone to espresso royale a block down.
5	Coffee was so good that I'm not sure what I enjoyed more about this past weekend......my vanilla latte from caffe paradiso or my new puppy.....?does that tell you how amazing their coffee and superb their service is? hope so.
4	Very relaxed place to work on weekends. But many people use the tables for way too long that you will have very hard time to find tables. It's also next to all the sororities so you see a lot of cute girls ;). Great coffee and sandwiches but definitely pricey. If you get hungry, just go to a Jimmy Johns right next door.
4	This place has the only legitimate coffee in campus town.  The beans come from Intelligentsia up north and the difference in quality is very noticeable compared to the other coffee shops.  That difference is also reflected on the price you pay but the coffee is worth it.  They don't do single cup brewing, only big pots.  Thus in rare occasions, the coffee can be a miss (may be bad coffee ratio, bad water temperature, sat in the pot for too long etc...), Even then, you will still be getting the best coffee on campus.Their sandwiches are also good.  If you are hungry, feel free to build a sandwich from the big list of ingredients on the black board.  If it is a Tuesday or Thursday however, just get the Italian beef.  It is good.
3	I'm moving out of town and very sorry to be leaving Paradiso behind. Their coffee is Intelligentsia, their tea is Rishi, and they make the best (brewed, not from a bottle) chai latte in Chambana. It's my writing and reading spot, I love it, and the people-watching is especially entertaining after a big campus party or football game.But there are some downsides: * Yes, the coffee is expensive. I think it's worth it, especially when I'm planning to sit for awhile and essentially renting table space. Many disagree.* The best time to write at Paradiso is during breaks or in the summer when campus empties out. During the semester, it can be loud and hard to get a table, and the internet is slow when there's a ton of students procrastinating by watching youtube.* The food is fine, but generally unexceptional. The pastries and soups are the best bet (macarons and corn chowder - yum! - not together, of course), and they  always have a variety of vegetarian options.
4	I live nearby and go to Caffe Paradiso pretty regularly.  The coffee is excellent - they serve Intelligentsia coffee and while they do not do single-cup brewing, they do make really nice hot coffee, iced coffee, and espresso drinks.  The coffee is expensive, but it is quality, at least.The food is hit and miss - some of it is merely unexceptional, and the croissants are some of the WORST that I have ever had, but the macaroons, scones, and some of the cakes are excellent.  The soups are good, too, and they have a respectable selection of teas and interesting desserts.The service is hit and miss, too.  Some of the employees are very nice.  Most are kind of inattentive and forgetful, and a bit on the slow side, particularly during the morning.  All that having been said, the atmosphere is also pretty great, especially during the summer.  It's a good place to study, particularly when it's not too crowded.  There is a lot of reasonably comfortable seating and they have about a thousand outlets, which is really important, in my book.  It's a good place whether you're looking to have coffee with other people or whether you're looking to caffeinate and write a paper.  The location - right across from the social work school - makes it super convenient for me, as well, because I'm a social work student.
5	Probably best cafe in champaign. I'm from Chicago and this cafe can compare to some of the best cafes in Chicago.
2	One of the worse chocolate fraps. It was bitter, to syrupy, and over-priced. I do not recommend this place
4	Enjoyed a fantastic soy latte. Perfect amount of foam. Breakfast sandwich was average (bagel, bacon, egg). Love the large tables and plentiful outlets. Prices are a little high but the quality of drinks and atmosphere make it worthwhile.
4	Delicious chai latte. Love that they give you real mugs, not paper cups, if you stay inside. Very spacious and open with lots of seating. Yeah service is a little slow if there are a lot of people because there is just one guy behind the counter, but it's a local business and I will continue to support it!
5	Wow. What a gem in the middle of UIUC's campus. Best coffee shop in UIUC... hands down!I die for the pain au chocolate - and I think many must because they are out of it almost every time I stop in. Try it, or try any one of their sweets - they are all fantastic! I would of course get a coffee to go along.I would highly recommend studying/working here for the students and professionals, alike. There is a quaint hipster feel to Paradiso; it reminds me of Seattle or Portland kind-of hipster. The staff is friendly, although shorthanded mostly. The great space makes up for any service errors, though. If you're a student, grab your books and spread them out at a table. I promise, no one will look at you funny.
2	The atmosphere of this place is great, and when it comes to coffee shops that matters a lot to me. In this department, they totally ace it.The coffee here is great on most days, and just good on some days. The thing is, when you're paying $5 for a cup of coffee you'd hope it would be consistently good. The food menu though is pretty useless if I'm going to be completely honest. By no means would I call myself a chef, but I cook enough to know that the ingredients and preparation of their food is definitely not worth the price. The sandwiches are priced at about $7 and they are nothing spectacular. They are literally something you could make out of oscar Mayer deli meat, county market white bread, a slice of cheese, a slice of tomato. The two times I ordered a sandwich it was grilled and came to me so crispy and crunchy you could hear throughout the whole cafe when I would bite. I've eaten carrots that were less crunchy. Because the coffee is a hot or miss, and because the food is a complete rip off I can't give this place more than two stars.
2	$2.63 for a small cup of coffee? With a side of attitude? I don't think so - too many other options in town. I think my love affair is over...
3	Great place to find coffee and hot coco. The staff is friendlier than the usual chambana coffee baristas and thats a nice touch. The parking here is first come so be early. Also sometimes the lot fills up quickly and there are no spots so make sure you can get out of ask the baristas about telling someone to move their car. All in all its better coffee and friendlier than anywhere else on campus--- unfortunately, thats not saying much.
2	The atmosphere is great and it is an excellent place to study.However, their drinks are not that great and very overpriced.
1	Finally tried Caffe Paradiso for the first time today - very disappointed. My boyfriend and I both ordered large iced soy cafe mochas. We paid $10.50 for both drinks. When the cashier had to reverify practically everything, I thought she was just being thorough, but I guess I should have taken it as a warning sign. First we received the wrong size. Not a big deal, we just asked for the right size. Then, the woman who was handling the cashier poured the small drinks into the large cups, and then topped them off with an ample amount of soy milk, turning the drink into a completely different drink than what we ordered (think vaguely chocolatey coffeey soy milk). When my boyfriend went to ask her a question about the drinks, she was off-putting and didn't stick around long to talk (probably because she knew the criticism ahead). We decided it wasn't worth complaining anymore, so we left with our $5 chocolate soy milks and will not be going back.
3	Food was a bit overpriced and while my salami panini tasted pretty good two other people in my group ordered turkey sandwiches and there was more lettuce between the slices of bread than anything else.  While comical, they paid just as much as I did for mine.  I wanted a coffee but they were way overpriced and I decided to get a cup when I got home.  The decor is a hodgepodge of random styles that my mother calls "bohemian",sure mom I suppose!  The service was ok at best but I could tell the people behind the counter reay didn't care one way or another if you were there or not.  3 stars because my sandwich was pretty good.
1	Have been to this place approximately 5 times in as many years hoping the service will get better. Tonight was the last time. 2 hours before closing and everything in the pastry case was packed up. The employees were sitting on the back counter chatting and didn't appear the slightest bit interested in helping us. Turned to my friend and said "that's it, we're leaving" and vowed never to return!
3	I come by to this cafe quite often...however today was my first gander at their pour-over coffee and their espresso. Both were served promptly however, either their grind was either not fine enough or their water was not hot enough. The end note on both these drinks was quite sour and throughout the drink, the mouth feel was not very full. I was quite disappointed in full knowledge that their brew and cold brew taste delicious...hopefully they can fix this. My girlfriend has had the same experiences in the past...her coffees were sour and not brewed properly
3	Coming here on a Friday afternoon in the summer to get a little bit of studying done, I was surprised by how busy Caffe Paradiso was! I ended up grabbing an iced coffee before making myself comfortable at one of their two person tables.  The iced coffee was pretty standard, but I would agree with some fellow Yelpers in saying that I felt like paying over $3.50 for a pretty average cup of iced coffee was a little bit overpriced.  The decor was nice with marble tables, mismatched chairs, and interesting wall decorations. Something that I really liked about Caffe Paradiso was that it really attracts people from all walks of life with the majority expectedly being students; it made for some very nice subtle people-watching.  I think that it's a nice spot on the border of the U of I campus, but, in comparison to the other coffee shops that I've checked out in Chambana since arriving last week this one doesn't top my list.
4	This is a nice cafe to relax and enjoy the various amount of items that are used to decorate the place. It makes for an ideal place of getting a drink while studying.
4	This is heaven for a coffee lover like me. The atmosphere, the service, the quality of the product. Just so so cool. Have spent so much time in cafes all over America and this "chain" dare i call it that is hands down the best! If you like espresso and you aren't blinded by Starbucks, this is the place
3	I was a big fan of this place initially but they are very inconsistent with the quality of their coffee. The temperature of my coffee is always a surprise. I do recommend buying their bagged coffees.
4	Excellent setup and ambience. Great selection of cakes and pastries. Amazing selection of teas. Quite a list of coffees. This place is probably the most "real" coffee shop. I had the affogato and cappuccino and both were good. You can also get a sandwich and pick the bread and ingredients. It's good but tastes like a regular sandwich, nothing special.
