1	Poor & unprofessional customer service.  Take 20 mins to waive at server and take another 20 mins to come by the table in the midst of low traffic, less than 1/4 full. Food is bland. Hope they'll improve through their first several weeks of service!
5	New spot in Venetian.  Really great Italian and we are 100 % italian. Best bread in Vegas. Super fresh pasta and entrees. Had the margurita pizza crisp and tasty. Great Appetizers too ... Got the beef carpaccio.   Service staff was superior. Really authentic!!
5	Very good food and fantastic service!!!!
5	Great food, professional service. Definitely my new favorite place at "The Venetian".I will go back
5	Had a great experience at this restaurant from the service to the food attention to detail was great.Hummus was to die for and the chicken kabob was better you have to try the home made tiramisu.I recommend to anyone staying at the Venetian or going there will be back for sure.
2	I give this two stars, even though maybe it deserves 2.5 or 3 stars.  However, I must warn you yelpers that the 5 star reviews for this place are completely fabricated.  The food is very bland, the bread came out tasting old (and half warm/half cold), the service was fine and the ambiance was a little bit better than a food court.   I wouldn't say the food is horrible, but it's very ordinary and you could do a lot better in Vegas.
4	Finding a good meal that doesn't break your bank seems to be quite an adventure in and of itself on the Vegas Strip (that isn't fast food). Enter stage left: Casanova!Found from other yelpers, this place (it's on the 2nd floor) was a nice Italian gem. We had a couple of pizzas and a salad ordered. Note - a pizza can EASILY be shared. You won't want to because of how tasty it is but you won't have the room...so split that pizza pie!
4	My beef lasagna was yummy. My husband had the veal piccata and it was great. Salad was ordinary. This is a nice little place that won't break the bank.
2	This small restaurant caught the eye of my wife and I for breakfast.  The decor, ambience, and service were great.  The food wasn't.  We both ordered the breakfast combos (one with frencht toast, one with pancakes) with eggs, bacon, and toast.  The breakfast was comparable to a Jimmy Dean or Swanson frozen breakfast.  Sadly, this breakfast totaled around $30. Ouch.
4	New spot in Venetian Las Vegas( by the food court). really loved the food. we went there for breakfast and then came back for dinner. VERY AFFORDABLE and really DELICIOUS! . Pasta is about the same.  But they have everything in there, steaks, seafood, soups and salads. Totally enjoyed the experience.
2	I second another Yelpers thoughts: This small restaurant caught our eye on the quest for breakfast, and seemed like they had a reasonable breakfast special. I could have done better myself at home!  The breakfast truly was comparable to a Jimmy Dean or Swanson frozen breakfast.  Keep on passing on.... you'll get a better breakfast at McDonald's and it will be less expensive. The staff didn't seem friendly or even awake, either :(  A little smile goes a long way!
3	Made a dinner reservation online through Open Table and was expecting the restaurant to be a bit larger for some reason and was surprised that it was a small little cafe sized restaurant tucked away among the shops in the Venetian. The food was good and the servers were very attentive. This was a good choice for a moderately priced meal where you could reserve a table without too much advance notice.
3	Loud and chaotic. Very attentive manager. But seemed to be understaffed. Everything was done at a very fast pace. Not a very relaxing atmosphere. The gnoochi were fine and the pizzas were big enough for two people but not all that tasteful. If you were looking for a sit down Italian meal and didnt want to get dressed up and get reservations, this place will do fine.
5	We had dinner here before we hit a show...it was soooo good.  But the guy who either run's the place or own's it is FANTASTIC!  He loves the food, loves the customers input and is just very excited to be cooking food from his country.  It was a pleasure eating at a restaurant where they take such pride in what they do!
5	This place was excellent.  Very well priced for being in the Venetian.  Cute patio looking place to eat.  All of the food was great, as was the wine.  After dinners drinks were a must!
2	Food was just OK.. Decent prices but your basically sitting in the middle of the shops and the food is comparable to Olive Garden... It's cheap but not really considering the poor quality of the meal. Definitely keep walking and look for an actually restaurant.. Sauce was bland and portions are very small.
5	Spoil yourself a little and get the shrimp ravioli. They are little packets of heaven. You'll still dream about it weeks from now!
5	We stumbled into Casanova for breakfast after a few of "those" nights in Vegas.  The restaurant is cute, and has great food at non-Vegas prices!  Seriously - I could get breakfast and coffee for under $10!What makes the place even better is how wonderful the staff are.  They seemed to sense how fragile we were feeling, and made sure to load us up with all the spicy condiments and glasses of ice-water we needed.  When my meal came and I looked longingly at the fruit that one of my girlfriends had brought, they came back with a surprise plate of fruit for me!  What's even more amazing is they didn't charge me for it!  What wonderful staff!Needless to say, we continued to eat there each day that we staggered out of our rooms, wearing sweat pants and covered in yesterday's makeup.  Hopefully we didn't scare away any other guests.
4	Another great addition to the Venitian. Good service. Good decor. Good food. Fair prices (for Vegas). What else can you ask for?(disclaimer, I was in Vegas mood, so this review can be either a 3.5 or 4.5 but it's definitely worth the visit!)Cheers
3	Came here for a cheaper dinner alternative since a friend I was meeting was staying at The Venetian. Got a table inside. Food okay...nothing special. Order bottle of Pinot, veal, spinach salad, beef carpaccio, chicken kabob. 3 desserts and appetizer came out to $250.
3	My experience here isn't that great. The meals that my friends and I had could have been better. The price is a bit high for the quality.
5	I was assigned the task of setting up a client dinner while we were at a conference in Vegas. Having never been to Vegas added to the degree of difficulty! I reviewed lots of restaurants and based on reviews, chose Casanova. It was kind of difficult to locate inside the Venetian Hotel Resort, but other than that, this place was amazing!Outstanding service by friendly waiters. I will say, they weren't the speediest, but the night was full of laughs and great food. Everyone told us how good their food was. We were a large party that they accommodated very well. We got numerous appetizers, all of which were tasty and full of yummy surprises - like mint in the Dolmathakia! Wow! Can't say enough good things. Will definitely come back next time I'm in Vegas!
5	Very good pasta, great prices and ambience.  Perfect place for lunch or casual wining-and-dining .
4	Me and about 15 other people went here during my cousin's bachelor party. We had a reservation and the restaurant was very accommodating for our large party. We did come in a little early because we had a long night ahead of us. What I ordered:Grilled NY strip steak severed with fire roasted vegetables and potatoes. The steak was simply cook and very delicious. The veggies and potatoes were a perfect compliment to the meat. The service was a little slow when we got our bill but we did do separate checks so we overall understood the lengthy time frame.
5	***** Celiac Friendly *****Juan took very good care of me. I had the carbonara special with GLUTEN FREE Pasta. OMG!!! Thick, rich sauce the way that it is supposed to be. This hidden gem is near Houdini's magic shop and Photo Magic in the upstairs Venetian Hotel food court. Frankly, it really belongs on St. Marks square, replacing the 2 tired "formula" restaurants there.
1	Rip off. The food was crap. Tasted like some kind of chain restaurant crap that I could have gotten at Olive Garden. For the price, I was VERY disappointed. This place is a must miss!The chicken parm was just a piece of chicken with sauce and cheese slapped on it with a high price tag. Save your money and go elsewhere.
4	Great appetizers! Really great! They fell short on the main courses. The kids pizza is called the smile pizza and supposed to come with basil. A regular looking pizza arrived. The owner came over and we asked him why the pizza is called the smile pizza and he said he did not know. We also asked about the basil and had the same answer. He did take the pizza back and sprinkled chopped basil on top. My seafood linguine was a poor try at any seafood dish. No flavor, etc... Will go back for appetizers and wine! Service was friendly.
5	their pettuccine was fresh-made in the morning. it was very delicate and yummy! the owner and staffs are super kind and delightful. We also had Veal piccata. it was classic! love this restaurant.
4	We found this place while wandering around the mess that they have turned the Venetian's Canal Shoppes into. We got here around 10pm. The bread was fresh, moist and delicious. We ordered the cheese ravioli which to me was reminiscent of butternut squash ravioli - It was delicious!! We also ordered the fruit crepe. The crepe itself wasn't the best, but they did customize it for us which they didn't have to. We were over all very pleased with out choice to eat here, and we had great service. Our water was always full, and they delivered the food as ordered.
3	We had a large group for dinner and the service was excellent and very accommodating.  The food was satisfying except for the $75 birthday cake I ordered for my daughter.  The cake looked like my 10 year old niece made it, my daughters name was spelled wrong and the cake tasted like it was made 5 day earlier.  It was a bummer to end the evening on this note.
4	We picked this place via Yelp reviews.  THe pictures looked really good and the reviews were help full.  This place was pretty good and super reasonable in price! It was probably one of the cheapest places we at on the strip, but the quality of food was top notch!  The services was very good also.  My cousin order the mushroom raviolis and they ended up bringing an order of Mussels to her.  She insisted on eating the mussels and urged them to not make her the mushroom raviolis, but they didn't listen, they brought her an order and didn't charge her for them.  I had the Fettuchinni (I know that is spelled wrong) Casanova.  It had chunks of chicken, grape tomatoes and bacon in a light wine/butter sauce.  It was very good.  the pasta was perfect! Everything that everyone ordered looked amazing and no one complained.  we also had the calimari as an appetizer.  It was fried perfectly! I could have eaten the whole order by myself! This is a very casual, reasonably priced italian restaurant.  They did have a few Mediterranean items on their menu, but most of it was pasta.
3	Casanova is an interesting Italian/Mediterranean combo - although the food may not be exactly the best I've ever had - it won me over with it's service and location.  Coming into Casanova, you're greeted pretty promptly by the host or hostess along with the many servers around.  It was fairly quiet when I visited in mid-day Saturday with about half the seats being taken.  The servers were all very friendly and super attentive - quick water refills and an eye to attention for your necessities.  The food choices were a mix of sandwiches, salads, pastas and entrees and the prices ranged from $10-$30.  I had the Fettuccine Casanova which was a moderately priced pasta that had a mixture of a lot of ingredients like mushrooms, chicken, bacon and more.  For the price, it seemed like a good value.  The pasta did seem a little chewy though and the taste seemed like it needed more of a kick with some spices or some herbs.  They also serve some basic bread/butter although it tasted a bit stale.  To find Casanova, go into the Venetian Canals and into the Canal Shoppes - past the Oxygen Bar and you should see Casanova before going around the bend.  It's a nice-looking restaurant with seats/tables jutting out into the walkway and a menu/host or hostess out front.  In the end, Casanova gets about a 3 1/2 stars from my experience - an okay food experience mixed with a great location, not-too-busy seating and terrific service.
4	Loved the food.  Staff was very busy but tried to keep up.  The restaurant was really loud.
3	I wish I could give a 2.5 instead... But since I can't, I decided to be nice and round up. But if you're here.. I would recommend the other smaller Italian restaurant across room. It has a more homey feeling while this restaurant has more of a fancy/classy feeling to it. Anyways... About the restaurant~Service: excellent. This is what helped me round up. They were pretty nice and attentive. Location: in Venetian near their food court. You can see their fancy table setting from far away haha Food- My friend and I both got the fettuccini Casanova (recommended by the waitress). We both didn't like it. It was pretty bland and the fettuccini... The texture was a bit off. I could have told them I didn't like it and ask for another dish... But honestly I just didn't feel like it so I didn't bother. ( i work in the food industry so I gauged my feelings about it and it wasn't worth the trouble for me) Angel hair pasta- not sure if this is what the name was but my friends really loved this dishShrimp ravioli - I tried this off my friends. Delish! Creamy and plenty of flavor! One friend got some sort of seafood pasta dish. She also didn't like hers. Ate the seafood and left the pasta.
4	Delicious food at a decent price. You can't go wrong with any of their pasta selections and the burrata appetizer was delicious. I got the carbonara pasta and the portion was enough for 1.5 meals. They have a decent dessert selection to close out the meal as well. It's a smaller restaurant so it's easier to get a table if you have 4 people or less. Good, fast service also makes this place very convenient for those who are a bit pressed for time as well.
2	The food was decent, but I selected it because it was listed under Mediterranean and Italian. Hummus was the only thing on the menu that resembled Mediterranean. Everything else was pasta. The price was fair for the dish size. Location isn't great as it's in the mall part of the Venetian.
5	It is so hard to find an authentic Italian restaurant on the strip, but Casanova is absolutely that. One of the best meals I have ever had, period.  Andy, the owner, is very generous and makes everyone feel like they are eating in his dining room back in Italy.  Each member of my party of four raved about their meal;  there cannot be many better dining experiences on the strip. Highly recommended.
5	Authentic Italian restaurant right here! I really love this place. Welcoming, great service and lots of good food make this place one of my favorite Italian eateries.
5	Excellent food and a bargain compared to other restaurants at The Palazzo or Venetian. Locating in the Canal Shoppes, we actually ate there 3 times over the week we were in Vegas. The pasta dishes, pizza, soups, salads, and sandwiches (lunch only) were delicious. I grew up eating Italian food...and the food was quite excellent.
2	As others have said, this is comparable to an olive garden or some other mediocre Italian chain. Your money would be spent better elsewhere. The pasta sauce that was used is very watery and didn't stick to the noodles at all.
3	Casanova is a cute little Italian restaurant in the Venetian. Unfortunately, I didn't know how small it was. I had a table reservation for 13 people and was seated outside the actual restaurant which was really the middle of the walkway of the Grand Canal Shoppes. It was extremely loud, especially since there is a bar not 10 feet away. It's also right before the food court so there was a ton of food traffic throughout dinner. I would definitely reccommend this place if you were in a small group, up to 4 at the most. They would most likely seat you inside where it is very adorably decorated.For an Italian restaurant at The Venetian, the food was extremely affordable. I got the Timballo which is basically penne in a creamy pesto sauce baked with parmesan on top. It was so flavorful and very filling; I wasn't able to finish my plate. The bread they serve you is so good too and delightfully roasted and warm. If you want good Italian at a reasonable cost, I definitely suggest Casanova.
5	Excellent service and food! Have no complaints here and would recommend to everyone who comes to Vegas.
5	Great food!!! One of my favorite places to eat downtown! The first time I went, I tried the seafood. Not only was the food well prepared, but the service was fantastic. Everyone was very courteous and helpful.
3	It was our final night of the Vegas trip; tired of buffet but already had upscale formal dinner. Decided to do something in between and found this Italianish (because they have Greece and Middle Eastern food too) restaurant.You wouldn't believe what a hectic time it was when we tried to locate this restaurant. It's inside of the Venetian; we asked the security guard for direction at first and we were pointed to some random place and we got lost. Then we asked people working in multiple shops in the mall and no one knew where it was. We were literally lost for almost 20 minutes until we finally got there. It's sort of in a random pop up place and it's not located on the main shopping corridor neither...The restaurant is not very big. It was Sunday night and was half full. Food time:-) Calamari: B. It's actually hard to judge this one because it included shrimp too... normally it's squid only. The squid was okay, would be better if the squid body has less moisture inside the fried ring. But fried shrimp in this setting wasn't a great match. It's not Chinese type of fried garlic prawn but at the same time it was semi-fried.... nice try but not a very good result here.-) Linguine Mare Nostrum: B. The linguine was a bit on the hard side; the spiciness of the spicy tomato sauce overwhelmed the balance of the two and couldn't bring out the seafood taste. The seafood was okay in general.I shouldn't pick seafood linguine at the first place; my friend had Fettuccine Casanova (mushroom, chicken, bacon, tomato etc in cream sauce) and I tried some bites, it was very good. I would have given an A- for that but again I didn't have the whole dish so I can't grade it.After all, I think my expectation for this restaurant was an above-average class Italian restaurant; looking at the menu, it is not one of those and it offers several cuisine style which might be good for groups looking for different varieties for sharing. Anyway it was a good try, the waiter was nice; but I would pick other places next time if I'm craving for pasta in Vegas in the future.
5	Came here for brunch with my bf and we both thoroughly enjoyed our meal and experience.  Their mimosas were yum and their food was delicious.  Service was great too. Would def come back for breakfast.
3	Went there based on yelp reviews.  Had Fritto Misto for appetizer and Linguine Mare Nostrum for main course.Service is attentive; food was fine but not much flavor.
3	We stopped by for breakfast while walking through the Canal shops in the morning.  It's tough to find, but a great little breakfast joint.  Reasonably priced and breakfast for two of us was a "normal" $25.  It has the usually breakfast stuff and nothing very remarkable.
1	We have had cafeteria food better than this.My wife had Greek Penne.I had Caneloni di pollo.The Greek Penne was not even edible.The wait staff was nice but unconcerned that my wife ate three bites of her meal.
5	Went to dinner with my girlfriend the other night and had a fabulous dinner here. The ambiance is lovely and the Mediterranean cuise was varied and delicious. I was also pleased to see when the bill didn't break the bank. I highly recommend this cute little restaurant for a pleasureable dining experience at a great price.
5	Came here with friends for a birthday dessert. Quaint atmosphere with very attentive staff. Tried the Strawberry Kiss, Chocolate Brownie, and profiteroles. Hella good.
5	I recommend this restaurant! It's well priced, service was really great, from the hostess to the entire service and everyone worked together to make sure everything is taken care of and being enjoyed!I would definitely come back!
5	I had the shrimp and lobster ravioli -- absolutely incredible! The service was top notch from all of the staff. Definitely coming back next time I'm in Vegas
5	Casanova was amazing, delicious, and very accommodating. I didn't enjoy my first drink and they had no problems exchanging it for another. Highly recommend it! The dinner was also delicious. We called them last minute for a reservation of 10 within 45 minutes and it worked out perfectly. Not to mention it's so easy if you're staying in the Venetian!
4	Had the Fettucine Casanova. Very flavorful and pasta was freshly made. You can taste it!
5	From the moment we walked passed by, the hostess was extremely friendly and explained the menu to us. We would have definitely continued walking if she did not speak to use so enthusiastically and greeting us in such a friendly manner regardless of how late it was at night. She asked what we were looking for in particular and she directed us with options we fell in love with and we immediately wanted to come inside. The waiters were very hospitable and every request was satisfied. Loved it!
5	Holy moly! Get the gnocchi with vodka sauce and you won't be diaapponted! Also- the frito misto was delicious!Great place we stumbled upon for my birthday dinner. Intimate, great food and service! I will definetly come back!
4	A good place to eat at a reasonable price, especially for Strip dining.Our server was very attentive without being obnoxious. My friend and i ordered two pastas - both dishes had pastas cooked perfectly. The linguine mare nostrum had a good ratio of bacon, chicken, tomato and mushroom. I had the special spaghetti and meatballs (veal, pork, beef), and they were cooked well and had a great texture. Definitely recommended.
3	Came here for breakfast. The service was slow. It took 15 minutes before the waiter came to take down order. The portion is very small for the price. Grand lux is a better choice for breakfast.
4	Manager Andrea very courteous and made us feel very comfortable as soon as we came into restaurant. Food amazing, see photos.
4	We were looking for good italian food without breaking the bank like so often happens in Vegas and we chose the right place. The food was very good. I had the gnocchi alla sorentina and my wife had the vegetarian foccaccia and we recommend both. The service was very friendly and prompt. As soon as we finished our bread we immediately received more snd the food came out very quickly. I would definitely recommend to anyone.
2	First and last time I come here. Been waiting for my food for over 45 mins and it doesn't appear as if it will here soon. Bald guy guess he is the manager is nice but nice doesn't fill the belly. House bread is gone and now my patience.
4	Great Italian food at reasonable price, I had Penne Greek Style, and it was pretty nice.
4	every thing is great pro great pasta agood place for family and everything feels great. it is my first time here, the server is very nice. This is also a beautiful place. I will come back later.
5	An amazing place to eat at The Venetian. Very delicious and unpretentious Classic Italian dishes. Olives and cheese they definitely please...and the minestrone soup, favored by our group.Overall great place to eat! Service at its best.
4	The food was amazing! The tenderloin with risotto and gnocchi was great! We had a party of 13 and they accommodated us easily. Really good prices.
4	Solidly good Italian restaurant in The Venetian. Good service and was promptly seated. I had the special Penne Vodka which was great. The sauce was light for a cream sauce and overall very well done. My mother had the spaghetti with seafood which was tasty with lots of seafood. Pasta on both dishes was fresh and the bread was excellent.
4	My friends and I were looking for a nice (but not crazy expensive) place for Italian food in the Venetian and came upon this place. Cassanova is located on the edge of the food court which is a little distracting. There were 4 of us and we were immediately seated. We ordered cheese ravioli (good, but nothing ), lobster ravioli (this was very good & it actually had visible chunks of lobster inside the ravioli as well as shrimp in the sauce), pasta cassanova (light with a creme sauce I didn't actually try this one), & the spaghetti and meatballs (also didnt try but my friend liked it). Service was SUPER fast, we probably only took ~45 min for our whole meal!) Omar was super nice & the whole staff was very attentive. The hostess was nice about taking our picture & even moved around for better lighting. Overall, one star minused because of the location, not their fault but they might consider putting up partitions between the rest of the mall once they get a solid following, mall noise while eating takes away from the ambiance! Other than that I'd come back, its a nice Italian restaurant for those who dont wanna spend $40 per person for one dish :)
3	3.5 stars. The food was good - well cooked and it came out quickly. They have healthy-sized portions, which means it's much smaller than most restaurants in the area. I ordered the risotto, which was $24. I didn't think it was worth that much. I enjoyed eating it, but it was a very basic rice and shrimp dish that I could make at home, and I'm not a chef. Their sodas come in cans, so no refills. Overall, I'm not unhappy, but they should probably pull their prices a little lower to keep customers coming back.
3	A nice, reasonably priced Italian restaurant at the Venetian. Decent portion sizes and nice quiet atmosphere - a welcome change from the chaos of The Strip. This place has a deal for guests at the Venetian or Palazzo, so make sure to grab that off the app. I had the shrimp risotto, and it tasted good, but when it came out, I was skeptical. I was expecting a white, creamy risotto, and this one had tomato sauce and looked like Jumbalaya. Food was good, but pop was from a can, so no refills.
2	I had the Fettuccini Cassanova. The description on the menu sounded wonderful be it lacked flavor. I rarely salt my food but had to go two rounds with the salt shaker service was a little hovering.
4	Great food and service! The pasta was cooked to perfection and was delicious. The server eas very attentive and the atmosphere was very quaint. I would eat here anytime! Everything came out fast and was the perfect temperature. Everything was extremely fresh. The Fettucine Casanova was superb.
3	The prices are reasonable the food was ok, not great but not bad either. Would I come back? No.
4	We ordered fettuccine Casanova and linguini mare nostrum, both dishes were perfect, also the bread,  our server was very kind. It's a great place to come after theater. Service was very fast and food had a good size.
5	Highly recommend this restaurant. The veal here is to die for! It literally melts in your mouth, and comes at a decent price for the resort that it's in. Also ask to be seated by Wences he'll take really good care of you and make sure you receive a 5 start experience!
4	Had the penne vodka.  It was delicious. Melon mule ain't no moscow mule. service was good, doing this review for my free cannoli.
4	We walked in and were seated immediately.  The waiter came to our table right away.  He was very polite and professional.   We ordered three beers and a cocktail and all drinks were at our table within 5 minutes!  Ordered the brussato with arugula and it came out withink 5-10 minites!  It was amazing!  Also ordered the cheese ravioli and the filet, the tenderloin with risotto and gnocchi,  all entreee were delicious.  Service was excellent,  waiter checked on us frequently and was very friendly.  Outstanding service and quaint environment, great food!!!  Little difficult to find, had to ak for directions but a great experience.
1	Came in here for breakfast. Food was meh. Hash brown and sausages seemed commercial. Eggs were eggs, a bit bland. But this review is about cleanliness of the restaurant. when I seated my napkin was a bit crumbled and there where some unused packets of syrup. (packets, really?)It was obvious they hadn't cleaned the table completely, yet the hostess just took the napkin, and I had to call her attention to the packets.Basically everything was ok (not good). When I was done I decided to wait a few seconds and watch them clean the table to my left. They just picked up the dishes and napkins and wiped any area that was not covered or hard to reach. Since there were to big placemats they were not cleaned or anything and all the crumbs were left on them. Also the area that the check was on was never wiped, nor the other diagonal side because that would have meant walking around the table to clean the other side.So it get's 1 star for less than minimum cleanliness required.
5	Amazing food.  (Lobster ravioli) great service quick on hot fresh food.  Excellent environment.  My husband and I will be back on our next visit to Las Vegas   Prices comparable and I can't say enough about the service.   A must visit.
3	came here since we were staying at the Venetian and they had OpenTable availability for our party haha. overall the experience at Casanova wasn't bad and the restaurant served its purpose for our dinner needs haha. it's located near the Grand Canal shoppes food court area so it was a bit hard to find. we were seated right away and i ordered the fettucine with meat sauce dish ($17) since i wanted something hearty to prepare for that night's festivities haha. the dish was pretty good and a generous portion. but our service really wasn't that great...our server would disappear for extended periods of time where he was nowhere to be seen in the dining room area (and its not that big of a space haha). just took longer than it needed to just to ask for anything whether it was drink refills, a to-go box, or our check. i mean if you need a semi-affordable, sit-down restaurant option, Casanova isn't bad...but just dont expect too much haha
5	Conveniently located on the retail level of the Venetian, with free valet parking, you will be delighted by this taste of Italy. The pasta is cooked aldente, as it should be. Pasta substitutions are taken with a smile and great effort is made to satisfy. I especially appreciated Savannah, our hostess.
4	Food was very good. I ordered the Fettucini Casanova, and it was full of flavor and zest. The only complaint was it took a bit long to make. Quaint, romantic atmosphere.
4	Great little restaurant at the Venetian. The salad was huge and the pasta portions were more than enough. The penne vodka was really tasty! Really cute deco!
4	Lentle Soup is quite good. As is the Lasagna. Great servers with lots of smiles. Definitely would recommend.
4	Great place with light, filling dishes.  Service was friendly and attentive.  Angel Hair Tomato Basil was refreshing, flavorful, and fragrant.  Definitely will stop by here again on my next Vegas trip!
5	Delicious food at a decent price! Their Fettucine Casanova is not too saucy and tastes light and healthy. Flatbreads are definitely not personal size- its like a medium sized pizza! :) Omar was very sweet and served us well. Nothing to complain about!
4	The mushroom ravioli was delicious! The service was great. Our server was attentive and available. If I come back to Vegas, I'd happily come back here!
5	This place was really nice, we came on a Sunday night with 5 girls and there wasn't a wait to be seated while there was an hour+ for other restaurants in the area. The hostess was sweet and our server, Omar,  was really nice and accommodating. I got the lasagna and it was pretty good! My friends got the flatbread and it was actually bigger than we expected. Definitely a good to item for sharing. Overall, it was a really good experience. Nothing to complain about.
4	This was a nice Italian place. The menu had definite influences of Mediterranean and Greek food as well and there was a pretty good variety of options. The service was fast and friendly and there wasn't a wait to sit which was definitely welcome on an evening on the strip. Mark, our waiter was very nice and attentive. I would say the atmosphere was average although my wife liked it.Food was good. I had the gnocchi and thought they were made well in a really nice and fresh tomato and basil sauce. The portion was the right size. My wife had the mussels. She thought they were larger and juicier than usual and really enjoyed the couscous that came with it. I thought it was a bit odd that three of her mussels were unopened and she wasn't able to open one at all. Good place. Good food. Good service. Nothing out of the ordinary on the menu but a good dining experience with fair prices.
5	We were looking for an Italian restaurant for dinner and came across the Casanova. This place has a great menu with lots of choices! For appetizers we got the calamari & shrimp. It comes with a lemon wedge and tartar sauce. It was okay. We also ordered the Cesar salad. I love Caesar salads with shaved parmesans and that's just what the salad had! For dinner, I tried the fetticcini with meat sauce and my boss got the sea bass. Prices are reasonable, especially for Vegas dining. If you write a review, you get a free dessert!
4	This is our second time here. Food is really fresh and well cooked. I highly recommend the shish kabab, both beef and chicken but the beef is better. Greek salad is also great, fresh, and a large portion. It has a cute atmosphere but still isnt too loud to site outside.. Highly recommend.
5	Great service, great food!! Would definitely recommend this place for Italian food before a night out.
4	The ambience and service is awesome! Lots of options for vegetarians. Penne Greek pasta tastes great !
5	The service is excellent. The food is delicious. It is a must try you won't be disappointed.
5	Found the recommendation on yelp and decided to give it a try. Turned out to be a great choice. Had a great time here.
4	New York steak and lamb chops were on point. Done exactly to the degree you ordered it to be cooked with very good quality of meat. Prices are about what I expected for a pretty nice looking place in Vegas.
5	Omar was great.  The food was tasty with a variety of options. The service was great, and it was affordable. I would definitely check it out?
4	Good food, a nice atmosphere, good prices, and our server (Omar) was great. Definitely recommend.
4	Fettuccine Casanova is delicious!! Great find while walking through the Venetian!! Nice and friendly waitstaff!!
5	We made a reservation here but they had given our table away. The hostess quickly made sure we had a table available. The servers and owner were both equally nice and made sure we had everything we need. We enjoyed the food and the service we received. Best of all there is gluten free pasta
1	I've now sat in this shit hole for  90 minutes... The device sucks sweaty balls... Can't wait for the mediocre Olive Garden cuisine ...I think there is a Denny's nearby!Robert Irvine come save this disaster !!!If you think this is decent Italian you are an idiot ...
4	While there are many different food options all around Vegas, this one in particular has stood out as reasonable prices with very good quality good. The veal was really tender, although perhaps the lemon sauce was slightly overpowering. The fettuccine Casanova had very good flavor and the extra sauce at the bottom added taste to every single bite. Finally, the seafood flatbread came exactly as expected in terms of seafood taste blending with cheese and bread, however the volume of the flatbread made it very filling. All around a wonderful place for dinner.
1	Ridiculously awful, overpriced food. The bread served at the start was significantly burnt at the bottom. The fettuccini meat sauce dish was not a good recommendation. Needs a kick to it or something + imo pasta could have been cooked a little more. I've had microwaveable dinners better than that. Got the dessert that came with the meal + yelp review. Gosh it was awful... Must really have a rare palate to enjoy that. Definitely think they need to improve their menu, more taste tests and standards for cooking. Real flowers around the restaurant is a plus. Fake candles brings the experience back down a little. Don't go.
4	I originally found this place on yelp and decided to try it out. The staff was very welcoming and the service was great. The food was delicious and the prices were reasonable. The food also came out faster than expected, which was a delightful surprise! Also, the environment was very classy and the tables were set up real nice.
4	The food was really good, reminiscent of New York Italian food. I got the linguini mare nostrum without shrimp and it was good. Needed a bit more salt for my taste but overall very good. My friend had the chicken parm and was extremely happy with it. The service was great. We were a little skeptical about this place at first, but they were very warm and welcoming once we were seated so we decided to try it out. Also, you get a free cannoli if you write a review!
5	Great service and tasty food. Lamb chops were delicious. Totally recommend it. They treated us really well and with good humor.
5	Great service and great food highly recommend it great management and the seafood is fresh and the bread is warm. Best Italian food in Vegas
5	My wife and I randomly tried Cassanova for a date night.  Its a lovely intimate place just inside the Canal Shoppes at Venetian (seriously, its less than 100 feet from the parking deck).  My risotto beef tenderloin was outstanding.  Just be warned: if you want soda, its by the can, not fountain.
4	Big portion and great service. Really like the fettuccine pasta and the Italian chocolate puffs (profiteroles). Refillable coffee (I think I had three haha) helps me finally wake up. The ambivalence is great as well. :)
5	A nice little place in the corner. Nice atmosphere !!!! Excellent service !!! Great food !!! Great wines!!  Will come back for sure !!!
4	Awesome pasta with excellent environment :) chill and relaxing.. Good place to stop by!
5	Casanova has a nice small restaurant feel in the mall. We were seated quickly. Bread served warm, and butter delicious. Extra bread delivered. I was very thirsty and waiter left a mini pitcher of iced tea.So far so good. Ordered linguine mare casanova, spaghetti with meatballs, and minestrone soup. I was thinking of ordering chicken parmesean,  but found it was deep fried (I like pan fried). Pasta was perfectly done. Meatballs good and plenty. Seafood plentiful and shrimp were huge. The minestrone soup is amazing, it's very flavorful, and tasted fresh. Service was really great. Omar was awesome. This may be a new regular when i am in town.Desert was  canoli. Canoli crust was nice and crunchy and filling was good.Great overall for a moderately priced italian on the strip.
5	Dinner was good. Shrimp risotto was yummy but they left the tail which I wish they took out. Spaghetti and meatballs was good and plentiful. The Alfredo was good too. The menu was decently priced and a nice walk through the casino to get there. My girlfriends and I had a nice night and thought the food was good. Service was slow but everywhere this weekend was.
4	Went on a busy Saturday night. Made reservations but our party had two less than originally expected .  They were very accommodating.  The food was good and I would go again.
5	Place is a tiny slice of heaven. Its tucked away and no one in the Venetian knows where it is for some reason. Its amazing. Food and service were impeccable and it didnt break the bank. Highly recommended!
1	Mediocre if not below that. I would never ever go there again. Don't spend your hard earned money for a meal that could come from the freezer section. I might be a little bit spoiled with Italian food but cooking Italian is not rocket science. 1. Every table should have a bottle of olive oil and balsamic vinegar. Not in this place. I got 3 little slices of bread with a hotel pack of butter. Really? 2. As starter I ordered the beef carpaccio. That plate was way too long in the cooler. Part of the beef was already dried out. Capers must have been on sale. I could have filled a small jar with the remaining ones. The baby arugula had seen its best days. And the cheese on top was something but not parmegiano cheese. 3. As special they offered Penne alla Vodka. How disappointing a special could be. OK the pasta was cooked al dente. But that's about it. The diced bacon was also on sale. Not fresh at all. Must be one of those pre diced packages. Absolutely no flavor. I could barely smell any tomatoes. And to top it off they offer pre grated cheese. Seriously?!? Olive Garden could do a better job and I avoid that place anyway. That place will go down the moment Trattoria Reggiano across will re-open. They are 300% better with everything. Freshness, service and ambience. I give this place 2 stars because their wine was good and the staff is friendly. But avoid the place if you are looking for authentic and fresh Italian food.Oh yes and offering free desert for a yelp review?? Really?? That's probably how this place get its 4 star reviews.
5	The Fettuccine Casanova was outstanding! As was the lasagna. Great service. Great Italian place in Vegas!
4	I had the lobster ravioli here. It was really good, but can get overwhelming. I got sick of it after 3/4 into the meal. My friends ordered the lasagna and carbonara. The lasagna was quite disappointing but the carbonara was SOOOOO good. I'm drooling just thinking about it!
3	Awesome location in the Venetian hotel. The staff was very attentive and I loved the Mediterranean/Italian fusion. For apps we got the hummus which was bomb, I got the chicken parm which was pretty good (definitely not the best I've ever had). My date got the Casanova carbonara- it was amazing!! Not as romantic of a setting as I wanted but great place for friends and family!A bit pricy ($50 without alcohol) but hey, it's Vegas!
5	First time In Vegas and already the hostess is super friendly and very helpful. Passed by a few places and decided to eat here based on customer service alone. I work at an Italian restaurant in SF, so I do judge a bit more harshly than normal because of how I expect it to be. But my mind has been blown! The food hadn't even come yet and I already am very satisfied with the customer service and the appetizers and bread where amazing as well as the wine. I will definitely update with an entree review.Shout out to Enrique for an amazing service!!Update:!! So my dish was fantastic! I got the lobster fettuccini and it was delicious! I have no complaints on that! However my bf gotTh lamb chomps and I must admit that it did need more flavor however that with my pasta was delicious! Overall the food was delicious! I will definitely come here again :)
3	I think the atmosphere is a little noisy.  My husband had the lamb chops; he said they were moist, juicy and grilled well, the rice pilaf was just okay, mint jelly was a nice touch. My lobster supreme was good, the lobster was cook well although I found the pasta was a little undercooked.
4	Great food!!quick n awesome service
4	We initially came to the Venetian for a different Italian restaurant which was closed.  Found this place while moping around, pleasantly surprised.I got the cheese ravioli and it was wonderful.  My wife got the wild mushroom ravioli and really enjoyed it. The only minus is the place serves Pepsi instead of Coke and its an open restaurant, causing some pretty decent ambient noise.All in all, would definitely come back here for Italian next time I'm in Vegas.
4	Started with the crusty warm bread that they kept bringing to the table. It was delicious. Got a bowl of the soup of the day which was minestrone. It had broccoli and cauliflower in it, which I'm not used to. It was phenomenal. I burned my mouth cause I couldn't wait for it to cool to keep eating it. Then got the linguine mare and the fettuccine Casanova for the main dishes. The seafood was very fresh and both noodles tasted homemade. Service was great. Didn't have to ask for any drink refills and constantly came back to see if we needed anything. If you're staying in palazzo or Venetian I highly recommend this place. I also saw the ravioli on a neighboring table which had a cream sauce on it. I obviously didn't taste it (wish I could've!) but it looked fantastic.
5	Amazing service !!! The food was phenomenal our server Omar was the best very professional and very knowledgeable we will definitely be back.
3	I am going to try to Yelp this trip to Las Vegas. Tonight, I ate by myself because I am going to a biz meeting tomorrow. I was looking for something in the Venetian that might be fast to eat, not too fancy and somewhat healthy choices. I went here because it said Mediterranean and Italian. The menu was heavily Italian, but I went for the Baked Sea Bass Mediterranean style. It was yummy. The fish was prepared with oil, tomatoes, and artichoke hearts. It was laid over a bunch of very crisp asparagus. The potatoes that it was served with were forgettable, but the fish and vegetables were really good. Being from Boston, I don't usually eat fish away from home, but I liked the preparation and it was cooked well. I was given the hotel butter, as noted in other reviews, but I thought the bread they served was tasty. I got espresso and a cannoli to finish. The cannoli was crisp and the filling was OK. Why it was served with whipped cream is a mystery. The service was attentive and fast. If you want a fast meal without having to eat the fast food at the food court- this was a decent choice.
4	Accommodated us as a group of 7. Food was prompt and tasty. Had a red and white wine that was clean and crisp. Matched well with our entrees which included a moussaka, spaghetti, lamb chops, and sea bass. Will come back!
5	The herb salmon with roasted vegetables was cooked and seasoned perfectly very delicious meal.
5	The food is great, and the servers are attentive. We came for an early dinner, and food came out immediately
5	Staff, friendly and on top of it.  Food, amazing!  I ordered the penne vodka pasta which came with bacon bits.  Yum!  Prepared perfectly which made my night.  I'll be in Vegas for six nights and I will most likely stop back by here before I head home.
4	Went with a party of 11 and the food was great! Service was on point and the pasta was cooked perfectly. I would go back!
3	Started off our meal with the mussels and cous cous. The Mussels were juicy but it's was all about the sauce. Actually, just lose the cous cous and add more sauce. We definitely savored every last bit of that - yum!Onto the entrees. The Greek penne was just alright. Despite the description having a lot of ingredients that should have imparted flavor, I found this dish to be lacking. Nothing stood out. Other entrees that were ordered...a wild mushroom and sage ravioli that wasn't "sage-y" enough and a veal d that was a little tough. Lastly, the seafood linguine was alright. The seafood was fine but it wasn't fresh.All in all, food was alright. Portions were good sized and the banter with the waiter was friendly and enjoyable. A decent Vegas meal.
2	Don't come here for breakfast! I was expecting something good being that this is located in the Venetian. Not the case. My eggs Benny were decent but came with frozen rectangular hash brown parties which was quite disappointing and made me feel I was eating fast food. McD's hash browns are better! My friend's egg was overcooked to the point of being covered in brown crispness. Hash browns and eggs were cold. Spent $38 for two fast food breakfasts and a mimosa. I'm surprised by the good reviews of this place. People are easy to please apparently!
4	Pretty decent food -- my wife at the gnocchi dish and discovered the bright tomato sauce was about the best she's had in a while. This coming from someone who almost never eats tomato sauce based pasta dishes. My daughter's penne and meatballs were just right. When asked how it was, she smiled broadly. Our gracious server, Enrique, brought us a delicious Argentinian Malbec (2013 Callia Alta) that complimented the gnocchi perfectly. Great cannoli to finish. Will be back!
2	First time try here, hope I can get a good experience ; ) the waiters are very nice, and it has the table for us (11 persons  the lobster supreme looks nice, can't wait for
4	First time try here, hope that I can have a good experience here. The waiters are very nice and they have a table for all of us 11 people.  Can't wait for my food.
1	Great services but bad taste!!
5	Just have to see how many star! This is my FAVORITE Italian restaurant at Las Vegas. Their decoration is soooooo beautiful~ U must come here and have a try! The foods were very delicious! U can get free bread before your meals! That's great:-)
4	This place was great. The restaurant looked really nice especially the chandelier. Lastly for the food the bread was great mostly because of the Olive oil and Balsamic vinegar and the pasta was good too.
3	This is a nice quant restaurant with beautiful chandeliers. I was able to try several dishes and all time favorite was the crusted salmon!
5	The food was really good and also came out fast! The waiters were super friendly too and had really good service. Definitely the place to go if you want Italian food while in Vegas!
5	Still Celiac Friendly with gluten free pasta and sauces to die for. My wife had the Focaccia Mare and it was over 10" in diameter. What a deal!
3	Las Vegas is an overwhelming place. there is so much to do, so little time. finding a good place to actually eat here is pretty difficult. This place is "Good" there wasn't anything extraordinary about it, but there wasn't anything terrible about it either. Our service was good! Friendly enough and fast. Pasta was good - exactly what I needed! It was the right price point of us for the night and couldn't agree on any other places in the area. Best thing in the area - as the rest is food court food.
2	Taste: 2.5Creativity/Authenticity: 3Atmosphere: 2Service: 4Bang for your buck: 2.5Las Vegas is an overwhelming place. there are so many places to eat actually finding a place to eat here is pretty difficult. Casanova not our first choice tucked away in the venetian (tucked away in the back) This place is "OK" there wasn't anything extraordinary about it, but there wasn't anything terrible about it either. Our service was excellent! Fast and Friendly. The pasta was ok - hit the spot! My GF and I couldn't agree on any other places in the area, it was either $17 lobster roll or this .Best thing in the area since the restaurant we wanted to go to was closed and the rest is food court food.
5	Wonderful restaurant, great selection and quality food!
4	Awesome food! Great service!
5	OMG, I am so glad I found this place.  My boyfriend and I were wandering around the strip, trying to find someplace to eat.  We finally just gave up and decided to try the food court at Venetian.  We decided to look around before picking which place, and we found this just around the corner.Even though it was 10:15 and they closed at 11, the service was incredible.  Our waiter was really friendly and prompt.  Also, the food.  Oh, THE FOOD!  We got the special, which was penne in a vodka sauce, and hands down, it's the best pasta I have ever had.  Their caesar salad was also delicious.  I will definitely make this a stop the next time I come to town.
1	This place is sucksWe order coffee and wait for 20 minutes After that it's became they forgot our order .
5	This is one of those places you'll crave after you leave for months and months and months.  My friends and I are in vegas for a little holiday getaway and were starving looking for a place to go for a late lunch.  We were walking around the Venetian when we stumbled across this spot by the canals Immediately we were greeted by a very nice hostess who didn't haggle us while we looked over their menu.  Once we agreed to give this place a shot she seated us in the little outside area they have.  We started with the nicoise salad which was to die for! I will be dreaming of that salad.  I ordered the fettuccine Casanova which was mouth watering.  My friend ordered the shrimp pasta which of course I stole a few bites of and that was absolutely incredible! We finished with the canollies and I couldn't get enough! Surprisingly,  the food,  although we had pasta,  was not too heavy or greasy! It was filling yet not overwhelming.  And Ben,  the mnager! He was the highlight of our dining experience! What an amazingly nice and accommodating guy.  We had some dietary restrictions which without hesitation he made dishes work for us that we chose.  Also,  he consistently come by to check in on us.  I've never seen such a caring manager at a restaurant like that before.  This place is a definite must try if you're I. The area.  You won't be disappointed
5	This is the very nice Italian food provider in Las vegas.  The service was very fridendly.  I like it.
4	Went there twice for breakfast. Their service is fast and the prices are reasonable considering being inside venetian.I tried the cheesy omelette once and their breakfast combo special the second time. The combo came pretty cold but it was ok since I was in a rush.
2	The restaurant is busy but the food is so so so. The sea bass is not fresh, and the pasta is hard. The Olivers are huge and the seared eggplant is Mexican flavor. The service is actually good but it can not cover the food quality.
