4	Riding around Old Town today I couldn't choose which new restaurant to try, Metro, Digistif, or The Mission. Glad I chose The Mission.This restaurant is beautiful inside, with the beautiful chandeliers everywhere. They have great hardwood floors and travertine throughout, and a beautiful bar. There were no mistakes made in the design of this restaurant. The food is expeptional, and they call it a modern latin american. A mix of Peruvian, Ecudorian, Brazilian, etc. I ordered the pork shoulder tacos, and while incredibly small for $14 they were the best tasting tacos I have had in a long time, and definitely on the unique side. They serve you three of them and they are about 2 inches across... very small corn tortillas. I want to try something else next time for a bigger meal.The service was perfect, however I was the only one in the restaurant. This is my new favorite lunch spot in Old Town. They need to either lower the prices or up the portions for it to be a 5 though.
5	I met the BF for a nightcap at The Mission on Thursday night, and it was such a cool place and had such an appealing menu that I decided to return tonight (Friday) to celebrate my birthday with a small group of friends.  Even though it was kind of last minute, the staff at The Mission was extremely accommodating, and we had an incredible experience.(For those of you that follow my reviews, please note that our birthday dinner at The Mission was quite the opposite of our experience at Estate House in February, in a wonderful way!)I am pleased to say that I did not taste anything I didn't like tonight at The Mission, and I did a fair share of tasting!  Starting with their red sangria, their special frozen mango margarita, fresh made guacamole, incredible salsa (I swear my friends wanted to bottle it up and take it home), scallop entree, sweet potato & potato fries, and milkshake dessert, I feel like I gained a good five lbs at dinner, but I would do it all over again for sure - we had so much fun!  The food really is exceptional and there are still a handful of menu items that I can't wait to try!Sonia was our waitress and took great care of us along with Brian (who runs the joint), and a team of other staff.  Our glasses stayed full throughout the evening and they continued to check on us to make sure we didn't need anything else.  It was crowded with a fun vibe and I am sure we'll be back again real soon as The Mission is a new favorite in the hood for us!
5	Fabulous food and amazing decor - and food is just as spectacular!! The guac is a must every time! I MUST recommend brunch... I split the cinnamon waffles (like desert) and the chicaquiles (sp?). I got the best of both worlds a south of the border breakfast with eggs and the waffles were like a dessert. This will be a regular brunch spot for me on the patio. Thank goodness they are off the noisy and busy Scottsdale road! See you soon at The Mission - I'm the cute one with the bloody mary on the patio.
5	okay, I have to start with that I am a bit biased because my boyfriend is one of the managers at Zinc Bistro but I have always been a big fan of Matt Carter and at Zinc well before Ben and I started dating. The food is amazing. The atmosphere gorgeous and the staff is friendly and accommodating. I have tried almost everything on the menu and could go on and on about the details. Trust me it is outstanding! Most importantly Matt and Terry have brought an outstanding venue for everyone to enjoy. Brian and Emily are gracious with their hospitality and working hard to make it happen at The Mission. Got to run because now I am hungry thinking about the place.  Going to The Mission!!!!
4	I met a decent sized group of people at The Mission for a Sunday brunch and it was a treat.My friend and I each had the Chicaquiles, which were prepared wonderfully and served very promptly (hot plate!). I had a mimosa while waiting and while it was very good, with fresh squeezed orange juice, the eleven dollar setback for a single drink was a bit much. While we waited, the wait staff brought out a guacamole cart and prepared a bowl of it especially for us based on what we wanted in it. The ingredients looked very fresh and the guac was delicious.I decided on some coffee with my breakfast and I must recommend it to anyone who enjoys a brunch with some java. Apparently (as told by our waitress) the coffee is a blend prepared for The Mission exclusively. It was definitely a highlight during the meal.Our group ordered almost one of everything from the brunch menu and I heard no complaints about quality, quantity or freshness of what we received. I'm sure I will make another visit to this lovely establishment in the coming months, when I do, I'll be sure to update my review and add any new comments.
4	A friend and I had dinner at The Mission, and were really impressed.  The food was excellent; the freshly made guacamole is a unique twist and the fries are perfectly made.  And we were really glad to see what seemed to us to be actually two pricepoints on the menu.  We opted for the less expensive tacos (fish and steak), and were SO glad that we did because, having already inhaled the guacamole, anything more than the tacos was much too much to eat.  I'd like to try a few more items on the menu before I upgrade this to 5 stars, so that means I'll definitely be back!
5	This place is doing something right for sure!  I have been here for breakkfast, lunch and dinner...I have also been here for a last minute bday dinner and for night caps that have turned into a bit more than that....thank you Brian and Terry!  These guys can turn the joint inside out everynow and again....if you catch them on one of these evenings your bound to have a drink or two poured in your direction.This place is quiet eclectic if you walk around for a look see....There is a  piece of framed art in the far back corner that Brian's  (an owner) mother painted. There is a round table with claw legs under a chandelier that came from Brians mom's house and I would guess once stood at the base of double spiral staircase in the foyer of a large plantation-like home.  The candles,chandeliers, communal table, outside fireplace and courtyard make for great ambiance...The Mission has not let me down yet....The food, be it breakfast lunch or dinner has always been as friendly as the staff and as eclectic as the ambiance.  Kobi Beef hot dog wrapped in bacon with beans on the side.  Halibut tacos.  There is a dish (cant recall what its called) that has peanut butter in it...OBVIOUSLY do not order if you have allergic reactions to peanut butter....but, let me tell you, if you're kool with p-but, order this dish!!!  O, you also have to like pork.Afterwards if ur feeling guilty for all the extravagant food and drink, u can always walk on into church and confess.....(right next door).And tell them I sent you....NOT the priest,...tell Brian I sent you and that you want a drink on the house (let him know the power of YELP.
4	I must say I was very impressed with the attentive and courteous service  at The Mission. This is a beautiful restaurant with warm and inviting interior and exterior decor and an excellently devised menu of flavorful dishes.  They have many South American culinary delights and unique plays on more familiar meals.  I highly recommend this place with two thumbs up.
5	Ben and I stopped by for lunch yesterday.  Ben had a little bit of work to do and I brought my laptop to entertain myself until we could sit down for lunch.  First, I ordered the Roasted 5 chile soup.  I had this on the night of the Friends & Family event in October and I couldn't wait to have it again.  The runner brought the bowl to the table with the chilies and tortilla strips centered in the bowl along with a small pitcher of the soup.  I have always loved  this presentation.  The soup was poured over the accompaniments.  A delicious and flavorful soup with that kick of spice in the back of your throat.  A great way to start the meal.  You can certainly taste all of the efforts from Chef and the kitchen crew that went into this meal.I ordered the Pork Shoulder Tacos.  The pork shoulder is offered on the dinner menu which I haven't had yet so I ceased the opportunity to order it for lunch.  3 open face tacos were brought to me presented on a long plate with a couple of lime wedges.  3 mini tacos over corn tortillas had more than satisfied my appetite to experience this dish.  So much flavor!  I spoke to Chef Matt Carter later to ask him how it is prepared.  He told me it takes 15 hours to prepare from prep to finish.  You can taste every second that has been put into this dish.  Tellin' ya!Ben ordered the Chicken Arepa.  "The arepa is a corn-based bread from the northern Andes in South America (from countries like Venezuela and Colombia) now spread to other areas in modern Latin American countries. It is similar to the mesoamerican tortilla. Arepas are most popular in Venezuela, Colombia and also Dominican Republic."  Okay, I wish I could brag about my knowledge of Latin American cuisine but I totally copied that quote from Wikpedia. LOL.The arepa was lightly grilled then split open and filled with chicken and chorizo with chile sauce.  Served with potato and sweet potato fries and a couple of dishes of aioli.  It has a spicy hit to it and was not over powering yet full of flavor.  Chef told us the heat level can be adjusted to the dish.Holly was our friendly bartender.  We sat at the bar but did not have cocktails this time as we both had to get to work later in the afternoon.  But I will say I have had the Mission Margarita made with fresh lime juice.  I am a picky brat about margarita mixes.  I used to make my own at other places I have bartended.  They are fantastic and we will have to go back very soon.  I spoke to Emily Graham, manager about the Sunday Brunch menu.  It sounds like business has picked up and their first New Year's Eve dinner was a great success.Okay! Enough gabbing.  Go to The Mission will ya!
4	I never had a chance to stop into this structure back when it was the Union Bar, however I couldn't imagine it being anything close to what it is now as The Mission.Upon entry, my date and I were cordially greeted by two very attentive hostesses who promptly showed us to our table after shuffling just a bit since we did not have reservations.  Our table was a bit tight, as we were seated against the wall, but it made no difference as both of the two groups that were seated next to us throughout the nite were cordial and polite, not affecting our dining one bit.Our entrees were spectacular, and the side order of grits was a stand-out.  The table side guacamole was smooth (and plentiful) and the service, outstanding - almost too outstanding, as I think I was asked if I was finished with my meal about 5 times before I actually was, however I'll take too attentive service over the opposite any day.At the end of the night, too, the manager was going around pouring small shots of a very fine tequila, just to give the remaining diners a taste and talk about the New Year's tasting menu they'd be serving.  He was a joy to talk to, and his personality was genuine - something that isn't always the case here in the valley (or anywhere, for that matter).  Lastly, I love the positioning of both the bar as well as the tables in the entire restaurant.  It flows well, its comfortable, and I will absolutely be going back.
5	beautiful restaurant, incredible food, NICE people who work there
1	Mission not accomplished.....Let me start off by saying that I am not trying to trash this restaurant but I was not impressed by my experience that I had there the at all. I decided to check it out because of what the reviews said on yelp and ended up being a bit of a let down and that kind of makes me wonder if some of the Yelp reviews were done by family, employees or friends. I love to eat out and try to do so as often as I can (or cash flow allows), so me and girlfriend tried 2 apps with 2 main dishes trying to get a feel for the food and enjoy a good dinner. First, when we walk in the place it was very empty and it still took the hostess a bit long to seat us, why? I don't know. Second, we have a seat take a look at the menu and the server greets us (by the way nice server but kind of spacey) he takes are drink orders and recommends a few dishes. After a while we get our drinks but not the bottle of water that I wanted and paid for (it never got there) and the cocktails were imaginative but bland. To spare going into details the food was not bad, but just okay. After all the hype I was expecting more but honestly if I wanted great modern Mexican/Latin food I would definitely go somewhere else like - Mucho Gusto or Barrio Cafe ECT.... I think that what made me realize that I would not come back here is, when I felt the snotty and stuck up feel of this place when I responded to one of the employees about what I thought about my meal. I wasn't rude but said it was just okay but they made me feel like I was wrong for not loving it. The staff is a bit arrogant or at least similar to how this town seems to be and the prices reflect that... I am by no means cheap but $12+ drinks?, portions that don't match the prices(way over priced for what it is) call me what you like but I'll stick to great food and some what reasonable prices somewhere else. If the food were amazing the price wouldn't even be an issue i.e. Mastro's City Hall. Like I said earlier seems kind of odd that some people have given this place 5 stars when it's avrage at best. In a city were there are places that deserve high praise(4-5 stars) this is not one of them. The Mission honestly gets 2.5 to 3 stars for food, 3 for the setting (kinda cool but trying to be too trendy) but lost it when it came to the service, drinks and overall lackluster food, portions/price. I love Matt's other place Zinc Bistro but this just makes me wonder about chefs crossing over to cuisines that they enjoy eating but perhaps don't understand. I might give it another try sometime to see if it improves but I don't think I'll be back... So sad so sad, I guess I'll just have to wait for the next big thing......Mark-
5	I went to Old Town Scottsdale during my very first break from medical school.  I'd heard Scottsdale was a cool place, and not being a native of the area, I desperately wanted to explore somewhere outside Glendale.  I'm so glad we happened to find this place!The building itself is unobtrusive.  Quietly sitting a block off the main drag.  It really belies the beauty of the interior.  I was really impressed by the dimly lit interior.  Even if the place was full (it wasn't when we were there) I still think the sense of intimacy at each table would be pretty well preserved.  It's kind of like how people are just automatically quieter in churches.Then, the really impressive part began: the food!  Mexican-ish.  Fusion, it might be called.  Our incredibly friendly server, Nick, came over and regaled us about the place.  My gf and I each ordered a glass of wine from their nicely stocked wine list and some guacamole.  Turned out, we were in for a real treat.  It's made fresh.  At your table.  And it was divine.  Our entrees were equally impressive.  My pork shoulder and chorizo with white truffle potatoes was easily the best pork dish I've yet had.  When the meal was done and we finally left, it was with the throughout sense of satisfaction you get from a truly impressive dining experience.
3	Recently visited with a bigger group so my attention wasn't on the details.  Love the decor and it has a similar vibe to Zinc.  We started with the tableside guacamole and all i could taste was salt.  Also, ordered the almejas with a side of bread for dipping but again way too heavy on the salt.  I guess if they are going to err on the side of overseasoning vs. under its better to over to satisfy the masses. Shared the fish and pork tacos with their homemade corn tortillas which were pretty good.  Still willing to give them another shot.  The staff was friendly but very slow and screwed up the order forgetting one of our dishes.  Probably will go back to try out their churros and sit out on the cozy patio out front.
5	It was a culinary delight visiting this restaurant! Everything we ordered was delicious and had amazing flavor!  We ordered different things to give everything a try.  There was nothing we didn't love!!  Very cool interior design.  Our server couldn't have been more gracious.  Great place for a date, business, party - whatever you desire!!  I truly can't wait to come back.  Thank you for such a treat!!
5	Wow!  Loved it!  The portions were a bit too small for the prices but the food was great.  Hostess was especially friendly.  Table side Gac is AMAZING but again WAY too tiny - especially for 12.00.  The Primarita Marg was super yummy - but again, pricey!  I felt like I was back in Los Angeles with these prices! Great parking as well!  The decor is beautiful and different for Scottsdale.  Great crowd. I felt like I wasn't in Scottsdale.  It had an up north feel (think San Francisco).  Cool place.  This is by far my favorite place here in AZ - I bring all my out of town guests here and have many girls nights out - and date nights with my hubby. Love that its dark and cozy - but hip at the same time. I have NEVER had bad service or a bad meal - this place is GREAT!  The owner Brian is a doll, his sweet wife works there too - wonderful, wonderful wonderful!
4	Was very skeptical when I first walked in.  It was 7:00 pm and only one other table of people. The menu though looked very interesting so we ordered up a few dishes and some cocktails.  I can't remember the name of the dishes but mine had three small corn tortillas with flat iron steak that was nicely marinated and tender with some fresh avocado slices and cilantro.  My husband had some mahi mahi mini tacos.. The fish was very fresh and not over fried with a nice dressing of fresh mango.  The best part of our meal was their bread pudding with a whiskey and caramel sauce that was out of this world.. I could of had a big ol' dish of that for my meal, it was that good!  We are in the Scottsdale area about three times a year so we are definitely going back to this place.
5	Sunday, February 22 was the first Pig Out at The Mission.  I found out about the event on facebook.  As my boyfriend Ben is frollicking in New Orleans for Mardi Gras I have taken full advantage to keep myself busy and get of the house.  The event started at 2 p.m. until sunset as advertised with 1/2 off Mimosas, Bloody Marys and Sangria.  $16 per person all you can eat with housemade corn torillas, chips and roasted salsas.   I ended up bumping into recently James Beard nominated Chef Kevin Binkley of Binkleys restaurat and his wife.  Chef Matt took us outside to show us "the guest of honor" the 50 lb pig that had been roasted since 6 a.m. that morning.  The last time I had roasted pig was at an authentic luau in Kaui in 1995.  The pig roast was absolutey what I expected which was tender and flavorful.  Matt suggested to us that the pig was "money" and to eat it simply with the tortillas and a sprinkle of fresh cilantro.  No salsa necessary.  As always I take the chef's advice and do what I am told.  He was right.  Perfect.  It was a gorgeous afternoon on the patio and guests were seated inside as well.  Everyone was enjoying themselves.  I had one of the Mimosas made with fresh orange juice and Cava a Spanish sparkling wine.  So refreshing.  Also, had one of their best margaritas made with Partida Tequila and Agave nectar.  I especially enjoy Partida.  I met the owners daughter in Scottsdale to promote their new venture in making tequilas at an Alliance Beverage tasting a few years ago.  The family had been growing Agave for 100 years and thought it was time to start making tequilas.  Anyway, the margarita was made with fresh lime juice which I love, love, love.  Delicious.I rarely get out to see how the rest of the world lives on Sunday afternoons because I am sleeping in after a busy weekend at Roka Akor, the restaurant I work for since it has opened.  I am glad I got my day started and enjoyed The Mission's first Pig Out.  I am sure more Pig Outs will follow.
4	I was toying with the idea of going on the wagon for a few weeks when I met my friend at The Mission, but the Sophia Loren cocktail caught my eye. My friend was intrigued by the Mexican Painkiller, and I couldn't let her drink alone. And oh, I'm so glad I'm such a good friend. The Sophia instantly made my list as one of the best cocktails I have ever had - fresh strawberries and mint muddled in rum and another liqueur I can't remember. Just sweet enough to be refreshing. And plenty strong enough to make any hour happy. This drink defines the word elixir. It is as intoxicatingly unforgettable as its namesake.
3	Had a friend invite/take me to lunch here at The Mission.  The physical place was great!  I had the arepas which were good, not great.  My friend had the tacos, which immediately upon being served them he realized he'd have to order something else (small portion).My portion for the arepas was plenty as the venezuelan sandwich itself is filling, but also came with a mix of regular and sweet potato fries, which were good.  Actually the ketchup/dipping sauce was awesome now that I think of it.Price -- hmm, a bit overpriced for lunch in my opinion, but I suppose that is Scottsdale.  That's really what was the difference between a 3 and 4 star for me here.
4	I was looking for a reco for a 'significant' [eh hem] birthday dinner and foodie friend Jim suggested Mission because of Matt Carter.  We had a 7 res and parked right in front...fire blazing out front, nice feeling. Inside, the decor is appealling but because of the lack of soft surfaces, its really loud. [Full disclosure: I did not inform them it was my birthday] We were seated along the banquette wall and were a two top next to a four on each side. Noisy, obnoxious. Server was very nice although stumbled over the bar order [and it turned out they made a scotch substition that they made no mention of]. Had I not already done my yelp research I would have been at a loss as to what to order. We skipped the apps and had the swordfish and the pork. Swordfish was a fine attempt but I thought over citrified and small bit over cooked. The pork tacos were genius. The combination of the pork, the sauce and the accompanying red onion, queso and cilantro on the home made corn tortilla just sang. The pork arrived as a glistening chunk that falls apart. Well worth the $32 and meant for two. You can also ask for more of the tortillas. We shared the churros and milkshake for dessert. DEEEVINE. Warm chocolate churros sprinkled with cinnamon sugar and an amazing milk shake that we really enjoyed. I'd go back and sit outside by the fire and eat the apps and have drinks Plates are small to begin with and I think if you expect a crazy WOW dining experience, you'll be disappointed. I think the service is working out some kinks, the bar seemed okay [although the TV is this space seems well, off putting...] and the kitchen seemed to be cranking. I do think its very fine food. .
5	This is a new restaurant in Scottsdale (less than a year I believe) and is located in Old Town.  We had heard a lot of good things and decided to give it a try.  It is a beautiful restaurant and was packed on the Thursday night that we were there.  We had an excellent waitress who really explained the entire menu and we chose to go the small plates route and were very happy with what we ordered.  The dish we all loved was their Grilled Street Corn with a delicious aioli sauce.  It was outstanding. We also had a grilled prawn salad, smoked Swordfish, Guacamole and chips, and one other dish that escapes me right now.  All in all an excellent restaurant highlighted by great service, a unique menu, and a beautiful setting. I would definitely go there again.
4	I have not attended one of these events in the past, so I did not know what to expect, but I thought it was a terrific event/venue.Impressive was that minutes after walking in the bar, we were offered free tastings of Tequila Sol de Mexico.  Very smooth, and in fact, refreshing, if drank when cold.  See this link for more information:  http://soldemexico.com.I was so anxious that I might be the wallflower.  (Does everyone have that same anxiety?)  The people [Yelpers] were very open and relaxed.  Conversation flowed easily, and I felt comfortable almost immediately.  Of course, Gabi, is terrific about introducing Yelpers to one another.Gabi [Yelp] was generous with beverages and food, and The Mission is simply beautiful with a great warmth to it.Thanks, again, to Gabi and Yelp, and I look forward to another event!
4	I have been to several UYE's but this was my first office hours so it almost makes it an OYE.  I got to meet several folks I had not met before and see others that I had.  The nice thing about Yelp events is for the most part they are filled with people who really want to be there rather than having to be there because of work or family or some other obligation.  Gabi is a wonderful hostess.  Not familiar with where I was going I made parking harder to find than I needed to.  I passed on the tequila as I wouldn't know a good one from a bad one, and I had to navigate home.  I had a great time.  Thanks Gabi for putting it together.
5	Sweet!  Loved pretty much everything about this event.  New faces, catching up, terrific drinks/salsa/chips/guacamole, plus great atmosphere.  I'd love to come to another Office Hours, sadly I have a hard time leaving work during the day.
5	So, Gabi did it again!  She somehow found the perfect spot to mingle with fellow yelpers, and MINGLE we did!  I don't know if it was the Coronas or the guacamole, but for some odd reason all of my inhibitions flew out the nicely decorated adobe windows.  I found myself chatting with some very interesting people and thoroughly enjoyed myself.When I first arrived (@5:25pm) there weren't too many people here.  Scott reminded me that it was still a bit early, so I took advantage and GOT MY DRINK ON.  Eventually, a group of blue hairs came in and got the party started (not really, they just sat down and ordered food, but that would make an awesome story, right?!) I saw some familiar faces from past events Julia, Dottsy, & Robert. Sorry, I don't nag my weak memory with last initials, but I also met some GREAT new faces.Thanks, Gabi! I dunno how you do it, but somehow you always do!
4	One word.....FUN! As my friend Patti said as we were leaving, "I haven't laughed that hard in such a long time!" That could be due to too many house special margaritas (which were really YUMMY!) or because we are a fun group of gals! Either way, The Mission delivers. Service is great. The people working there are friendly (always a must for me to ever go someplace more than once). Food is good, but the portions would be too small for my husband who still eats like food like he's a teen preparing for a football season. For us girls, it's a great reminder to keep our figures svelte- and still feel pleasantly full. TRY- Table side Guacamole. Guaranteed to be the most heavenly Guacamole you've EVER tasted! They add everything from cilantro to garlic, to hot peppers (to your taste), to cheese sprinkled lightly (or more heavy handed if you request it) on top. Last time there, 4 of us ordered 2 servings of it since the 1st time 1 serving wasn't enough for 2 of us (because it was so good I practically licked the bowl clean). Maybe it was due to having a margarita first, or not being as hungry the 2nd time, but 2 servings + a drink + the chicken tacos was PLENTY of food (I even had to save 1 taco for later). Those cute little itty bitty 3 tacos don't look like a lot of food, but once you pair them with other offerings The Mission has, you will find yourself quite satisfied. If you go to The Mission, be sure to bring good friends (or a significant other who doesn't eat like a football player). Be ready for great margaritas, great guacamole, nice servers, and a "chillaxed" environment. Enjoy!
5	I had not been to Yelp event yet, but if the rest of the events are anywhere close to this, I will definitely get to all of them that I can!The Beautiful Carin and I got there about 5:45 and things were just heating up.We met Gabi and Jared, and Gabi was great! She made us feel very welcome, and introduced to some of the people there, and the conversations began.The venue was terrific, the people we met were universally nice, and the conversations really were a lot of fun...talking about food, restaurants, music, etc.Just a great time...We were sorry when we had to leave to walk our dog (not a euphemism).Thanks again Gabi and Yelp!
4	Good margaritas, good peeps, classy servers and crosses all over the walls of The Mission in order to keep us in line. Great to make another Yelp Happy Hour and fun to meet Brian, Georgie, Donald, Erin and others. Keep 'em coming.
4	I should probably give in and up this review to 5 stars but I want to go back and right an update where I use LOADS of exclamation points, so I'll stick with 4 stars for today. That said: !!!!!!!!! and to follow up: yummmm. I stopped by for lunch and sat on the front patio which was perfect since the the sun was diffused, there was a breeze and I could eyeball other people's meals while I waited. My server was Sam who is probably the most gregarious server I've had in a long time. That was great because I was dining alone and he made me feel like I was not a loser. I ordered the Corn Gorditas ($9) and the Taro Fries ($7) and was pleased with both. My only regret was using the fries' two dipping sauces because it numbed my pallate a little in terms of appreciating the nuances of the gorditas, which were a little small for a $9 appetizer but all the same, very complete in their blend of flavors and textures. Then I took my meal to the next level by ordering dessert. I'm not sure "orgasm in my mouth" is a family-friendly term but nonetheless it applies to the pumpkin bread pudding ($6) I ordered. As if pumpkin needed any help, The Mission soaks it in a caramel sauce and sprinkles it with pepitas and pomegranate seeds after adding a heaping scoop of vanilla bean ice cream. orgasm.in.my.mouth. I only wished there were a few more pomegranate seeds tossed on there because their tart juice really contrasted beautifully. I tried not to moan out loud as I ate it. So the Mission isn't cheap, not by a long stretch, but what is created in that kitchen is culinary artwork, and combined with their very friendly staff and cozy atmosphere, I think the Mission is doing everything right.
5	Went to the Mission today for a nice Saturday brunchSome old people relatives of mine were in town, so we made reservations and all together we were 10 people.The server was super sweet, food came out quick, drinks were refilled, the manager stopped by multiple times to make sure we were taken care of.And the food....Oh sweet sweet brunch food with a Latin twist.We got a couple orders of the tableside guacamole ($12 for a teeny bowl!  Yikes!).  The guacamole was absolutely delicious, and they can adjust the spiciness and ingredients to your liking.For my main meal, I got the corn pancakes topped with crab and some creme chile sauce.  YUM YUM YUM.My main squeeze got steak tacos, and holy crap were they good!I can't wait to go back to this place.  I really, really, really liked it.
3	I had been looking forward to going to the Mission since the Yelp office hour event I was unable to attend.  The restaurant is quite beautiful, sophisticated yet relaxed.  Absolutely impeccable service from the hostess and our server.We started with the tableside guacamole.  Although expensive ($12), I really enjoyed the option to adjust flavors or add-ins to my taste.  It is only made with one avocado, however, so if you're with a group larger than 2 or 3, you'll definitely need more than one order.  Chips were hot and crisp.I ordered the tecate skirt steak tacos.  Simply prepared, tender, and delicious.  But I will warn you, these are little itty bitty baby tacos (3) with no accompanying side dish.  Nice for me since I'm trying to learn the art of having a light meal, but not for everyone.  I was a little put off by the serving size given the cost ($10).  I actually would not have even minded that if the tacos were priced individually, and I could have the option of choosing a variety of fillings.So, by now you're on the edge of your seat just dying to know why only a 3-star rating.  It was my husband's lunch.  He ordered the pabellon, which is a sandwich of braised beef and peppers.  I will admit I did not try it, but I observed the eating experience.  The filling had so much grease that the entire bottom half of the roll was ruined.  The top half of the roll, however, was like a stone.  He attempted to cut it with a knife (he couldn't pick up the sandwich because of the grease), and could not.  He probably should have sent it back.  Thanks to the Mission, I am now trying to get the stain out of his new shirt that resulted from this eating fiasco.  Therefore, my own experience was tarnished.
4	We decided to go to The Mission for my 24th birthday. When we first parked, we were having trouble finding the restaurant, so a nice guy asked what we were looking for. We told him we couldn't find The Mission, he smiled and told us to follow him. Along the way, he recommended several of their dishes. After we were seated, he came over... turns out it was the owner, Brian! He was such a sweet guy and even sent over chocolate cake at the end of the meal, complete with a sparkler. The food was beyond delicious. I absolutely HATE guacamole, but their homemade guac was absolutely amazing... very complex and flavorful. I had the Mahi Mahi tacos, which were really good. My husband had the steak tacos and my parents had the pork shoulder tacos. Everything was so tasty and helped make it a really memorable evening. What really made it, though, was how friendly and attentive the staff was. I was double impressed that Brian took the time to come over and talk with us. These are the little things that can make or break the dining experience.
4	I love the tableside guacamole and would go there just to eat it even though the price is a bit much for it.  I've been there a couple of times and both times my food was very good.  I also like the atmosphere, it has a upscale but yet comfortable vibe.  The milkshake with churros we had at the end were oh so yummy!
5	Every aspect of The Mission lived up to the Republic's 4.5 star review. I absolutely loved the atmosphere, with the dim lighting of different chandeliers and the lit bar area. Service was wonderful, as well - friendly and prompt. We decided to follow the advice from Seftel's review and skip the overpriced items like guacamole and tacos, instead focusing on The Mission's more unique dishes. We started off with the absolutely amazing almejas al vapor - clams, rock shrimp, chorizo, and more in a delicate but pungent broth with grilled bread to soak it up with. For entrees, the swordfish veracruz and the scallop dish both were fantastic. The Mission fries - sweet potato and regular - were the best I've had in the Valley, topping the sweet potato fries at Delux. Typically, Latin restaurants disappoint where dessert is involved, but The Mission is an exception - the pumpkin bread pudding with scotch, caramel, pomegranate, and a scoop of vanilla ice cream was WOW-worthy. I hope this place is here for the long-haul, because we could use more unique restaurants that fill an open niche (in this case, haute Latin American).TIP 1: Skip the overpriced guacamole, unless you have a party of 4+, and the tiny-portioned tacos.TIP 2: You might hesitate to order fries at a Latin restaurant, but that would be a mistake. The portion is enough for 4+, and they might possibly be the best fries in the Valley.
4	My Girlfriend had suggested this restaurant and wanted to go for her birthday.  So very glad that we did!  First the web-site.  Impressive, easy to navigate and very informative!  When you get there, you notice a very nice outside seating area.  Informal but intimate.  It is summer though, and I didn't see any misting system, so I don't know how much use this will be during the hottest months of the summer.Once inside the doors... BEAUTIFUL! The staff is well trained and even if no one is at the hostess stand you are noticed and spoken to immediately!  The interior is beautifully appointed!  Who ever was their interior designer....rock on!  The waitress was there as soon as we were seated, was professional, made excellent recommendations and was spot on with all her knowledge in helping us with our choices.I highly recommend the pork shoulder, very tender and juicy.  The food is prepared and presented elegantly but not presumptuous.  Portions are small but the quality is high!  If you are a big eater, this is not the place for you.  If you are into food for the taste and preparation to enjoy well prepared food that has a little bit of a different twist... this IS the place for you!My negatives, and why I can't give a full five stars is because of the seating and lighting.  Although I understand that they were trying to make the most of  space, the bulk of the tables are done in long booths with chairs on the opposite side of the table.  This means that you have tables (in most cases) immediately to the left and right of you.  While conversant with your table, you are privy to the entire conversation of the tables on either side of you and vice-versa. I find this distracting.   The mane private table requires a group of at least 6.  So, privacy is limited.  The lighting is very low, which while adding to the atmosphere, does nothing for trying to read the menu.  I would be fine with this if there was enough candle light on the table to tilt your menu to to read, but that isn't even close to adequate.  If the servers offered a pen-light, that would be the ideal.That all being said, I have no problem recommending this restaurant and will happily return.Every thing was timed well as far as when our different food items came out.  We were never rushed.  I like that!
5	So good. Sooooo gooood. I love The Mission. The ambiance, the service, the food, the prices - all great. Ok, so I've only been there twice. But even after only two dining experiences at a restaurant where EVERY SINGLE THING you order is delicious - not just ok, not just passable, but really, really tasty - it leads you to believe that it's a knock-out of a restaurant...like a guy that's hot AND has a personality. Don't think they exist? Yeah, well... neither did I. But they do! Ok, well, in restaurant world, that is...I make no promises about the real world.Seriously, I don't think I can complain about anything, so let's just get on to the food. I started with a blended Lemon Margarita that was yum-tastic...the first time I tried the Mango (the flavors change daily), and it was better, but I'm not one to poo-poo any blended Margarita that comes my way, and The Mission's are particularly good. Anyway, we ordered the tableside guac to munch on before our meals arrived, and it was DELISH. Delish. Granted, it's only 1 avacado, but it didn't feel like too little guac, and we had 4 people. Anyway, they do this thing where they drizzle extra virgin olive oil over it at the end, and as WEIRD as that sounds, it makes it REALLY GOOD. I have no idea why. But it does.For our entrees, we each ordered some version of the tacos, either chicken or skirt steak. I LOVED the skirt steak tacos...they were so good. They come tecate marinated with green chili salsa, avocado, lime, cilantro and cotija, and all of the flavors just work together magnificently...I think each one took me no more than 2 bites to eat. My friend that ordered the chicken tacos said they were fabulous, too, and after he tried the steak tacos, he said they were actually BETTER...I find that hard to believe, but I'll have to try them next time and find out! In addition to the tacos, we got the Mission Fries, which is a massive basket of sweet potato and regular french fries with different dipping sauces. We also (inexplicably, I know...SO MUCH FOOD...) got the Grilled Sweet Corn, which literally had melted butter drizzled across is. Now, I'm from the Cornhusker state, and BELIEVE you me, I have had my fair share of sweet corn. So when I say that this was really some mad good sweet corn, you know I'm not just yanking your chain. Order this. It comes with only 2 ears, though, so be sure to order accordingly.Also, order the churros. We didn't get them this time around, but the first time we did order them, and they're REAL good...maybe not as good as the ones at Barrio Cafe, but still delightful. I mean, they're chocolate and served with a milkshake. Seriously. My coworkers were very impressed with my choice of restaurant, so not only did The Mission yield a superb meal, but it has also convinced my coworkers to bestow upon me all restaurant-choosing rights from now until the end of time...and THAT is fantastic!
5	I haven't had food this good with such great atmosphere in a LONG time.  Most new restaurants are usually lacking in one, but The Mission is great all the way around. Every item I have tried has been fantastic, their margaritas are new and different and the atmosphere - for both brunch and dinner - is perfect.  I highly recommend if you are looking for a semi-nice/nice night out on the town and enjoy Tapas-style food.
4	YelpThe MissionRECOMMENDED FOOD: almejas al vaporRECOMMENDED PEOPLE: Brian Rabb, owner/managerONE LINER: unique modern latin cuisineHIGHLIGHT:Met a fun chatty lady at the bar and she was even bold enough to sample my food with me!Overall: 4 starFood: 4Service: 3Atmosphere: 3FOOD (taste, originality, plating):TASTE:The almejas al vapor are a must try.  The cheese plate is pricey for just one kind of cheese, but it came with apples, honey, sausage, prosciutto, pesto, honey cheese bread, and spicy chimichuri making it one of the most fun cheese plates i've had.ORIGINALITY:  High.  Lots of new tastes and experiences.PLATING:  Above average.  Not extreme, but better than average.SERVICE (efficiency, charisma, helpfulness, menu knowledge)Poor.I sat a the bar, my favorite thing to do and was served by the bartender.Charisma: Average: pleasant, but not a stand out guy.Efficiency: Low: forgot my drinks, hard to get his attention despite slow crowd.  His work ethic was tremendous however as he kept very busy on side work.Menu Knowledge: Poor.  Didn't know the answer to most of my questions.Helpfulness: Low.  he did recommend the almejas which were fabulous, but when his menu knowledge was low, he didn't try to find out the answers.ATMOSPHERE (bad, average, interesting, amazing):average.  Booths, comfortable bar area, outside dining.Star Explanation:5 star: one of my arizona favorites!4 star: great eats, recommended.3 star: good eats2 star: avoid unless with good company1 star: avoid despite company
3	Ok food, ok service, ok drinks. Not impressed but it's good.Most stuff I like in this place I can get of slightly lower quality at Baja Fresh.The decor is nice. If you're into churchy stuff.Service can really lag on busy nights.
4	The BF and I stopped in for a late lunch on Saturday as this has been on our long list of new places to try. We were immediately impressed by the eclectic decor with a great mix of contemporary, Southwest and classic styles. I love the lighted "brick" wall and mirrors tilted just right so you can always see what's going on behind you! We started with the tableside guac and it was delish! We ate every last bite and definitely enjoyed the presentation aspect. Then we shared the corn (to die for) on the cob with a clever mix of spicy mayo and cotija cheese for the right mix of salty, heat and cream. We finished up by sharing the pork shoulder tacos. These were fantastic and love that all their tortillas (including the chips) are 100% corn and therefore GF! I could have eaten 10 of them as they were that good! My only knock is that it does seem pretty expensive. Throw in one margarita and one Tecate and the total for both of us with tip was $60! Yikes!! All in all, a great addition to So Sco that we will definitely visit again!
5	My man, Dan H, gave this place three starsHe sucks sometimes, and generally doesn't like Latin type foodBOO DAN BOO!!!Went here for the Yelp Eats eventLOVED ITOMG, the new york steak thing was SOooooo good.Service was awesome.  Loved it.They even put a sparkler in the birthday person's dessert.  FUN!!
4	Well...I enjoyed Zinc Bistro, also by Elliot, so I figured The Mission would be good as well.  I was right!  I particularly liked the fact that it isn't limited to a particular country and incorporates dishes from a variety of Latin American countries.   I came for lunch so I'm unsure of how the dinner menu plays out.  For lunch,  I started with the cheese plate.  They give you one cheese,  a huge piece, but you can get others for some more money.  In addition to the cheese you get serrano ham, chorizo, a green spicy sauce, apple, Chilean honey, bread and maybe some other stuff I can't recall.  The honey was amazing!  The cheese, Neyat I think,  was a legit cheese.I also had the chicken arepas.  It is essentially a bunch of awesome stuff, chicken, onions, some sauce...etc on a corn based bread.  Excellent.And that, my friends, is what I thought of The Mission.
5	The Mission is highly recommend!  I recently was out visiting Scottsdale from Los Angeles.  This restaurant would fit right in with some of the hottest places in Hollywood.  Everything was A++ - food, service, decor, ambiance, and especially the drinks.The restaurant was busy on a Saturday night but with reservations we were seated immediately.  We started off with a couple of cocktails.  Everything sounded so amazing from the signature cocktail list.  I wanted to try all of them. Be sure to ask for the strawberry coconut mojito (it's not on the menu but the bartender can make it for you upon request).  It's incredible!The food was absolutely delicious. Our appetizer was the Duck Carnitas Empanadas.  Something I normally wouldn't order but it was to die for! Then two of us split the Mango & Jimaca Salad  - light and refreshing.  Super yummy for the summer.   My entree was the Chilean Salmon.  It was served stacked in three small portions (but still plenty of food).  Cooked to perfection and the sauce was flavorful. Dessert is not to be missed! For dessert Espresso Churros and Pumpkin Bread Pudding. Don't be fooled by the name - it's not your typical Bread Pudding - it is to die for.  Everything was amazing and I was certainly full by the end of the meal. One of the owners (Brian) stopped by our table. He couldn't have been nicer!  Next time I'm in Scottsdale I will definitely make it a point to come back to The Mission.
5	The Missions Secret?They know how to perform exorcisms on chile peppers!For starters, we tried the Pork Belly Pibil. I'll be honest, I was a bit scared of the Pork Belly and it's texture but i tried it and it was FANTASTIC!!! Full of flavor and I would recommend it to any amateur foodie who's looking to be brave and try something new!We also had the Duck Carnitas Empanadas (DELICIOUS), the Guacamole and also Chicken, Beef and Shrimp Anticuchos or skewers which were good but not as unique as the Duck or Pork. Most everything is served with an aioli which really puts on the finishing touch.For the main entree I had Swordfish Veracruz which was presented as a trio...Rice...Swordfish...Popcorn Shrimp(cocktail style, not fried). AND GET THIS - they garnished the shrimp with ACTUAL POPCORN. Very creative. But most importantly, well balanced spice, perfect portion and incredible flavor. We tried three desserts, the Espresso Churros, Pumpkin Bread Pudding and Fried Bananas. My favorite were hands down the fried bananas...they were in a chocolate crepe of sort and had amazing flavor. The Pumpkin Bread was also fantastic...and...well...damn. So were the churros. OKAY I LOVED THEM ALL!I will be back to try more.
4	I found the food here to be an experience- the pork belly and guacamole were both to die for.  The drinks were amazing too - we ordered the special margarita and bloody mary and they were both great.  What I wasn't so happy about was the treatment by the hostess.  We had a reservation at 8PM and didn't get seated until 9:30PM.  No offer to comp our drinks or an appetizer, no apology.  We were so hungry were were about ready to leave.  For that I felt like the hostess should get fired.  But I must say the food was worth the wait.
5	So far, every food item we've had at The Mission has been amazing.  Their must have item is the almejas al vapor.But for our fourth visit, we went for a four course tequila tasting dinner for $65.  With tip and tax, $85.Considering we spent that much on most of our "yelp eats" event dinners, all of which were three courses, each far less decadent and with no booze included, this was a GREAT deal...Dos Lunas was the tequila brand hosting the event...First Course: Roasted Pork Belly.  We had the pork belly during yelp eats.  That one was intense.  This one was even better!  And spicy from the Chile tepin.  It was on a peanut butter cream sauce, which may sound odd, but the heat, the peanut, the cherry margarita...  Wow.  If that was the best course, I was already satisfied.First Course Drink: 5 small Cherry Margaritas.  FIVE.  EACH.  YUM.  We kept drinking them before the food got there and they felt compelled to refill us four times. :)  The cherry with the peanut cream sauce meal was an amazing compliment!Second Course: Even better than the first!  I didn't think it could get better than the pork belly, but it did: Halibut.  It was perfectly cooked and had intense flavor. It was served over risotto that made my spine tingle with every bite!Second Course Drink: Pineapple Coconut Frozen Margarita.  It was a lot like a pina colada.  Tasty.  Though large it went down fast!  I didn't feel it did anything for the Halibut the way the first drink did for the pork belly.Third Course: It seemed impossible, but the third course better yet again. Filet Mignon.  And they don't even have that on their menu.  It tasted peppery, buttery, spicy and just so atypically full of flavor!  And of course it was the perfect tenderness.  It was topped with crab that was so succulent I finally had to scoop it off and eat it as two succulent courses to enjoy everything they offered.Third Course Drink: A flight of three shots of Tequila: Silver, Reposado, Anejo.  The only difference: how long they sit in the barrel. 18 months for the anejo.  Three quick shots of tequila are always a great idea!  And the perfect compliment to that spicy filet.Fourth Course: Stone Fruit Crumble Cake: the cake was ok.  It was topped with a Rum ice cream that was so potent I felt I was doing shots.  Rum after all that tequila wasn't the most exciting finale.  The dessert was the only let down, but with those first three courses, who cares!! :)Fourth Course Drink: Iced Espresso Tequila Drink.  I am not a coffee fan, so I had to basically shoot this sucker down.  But everyone else seemed to really enjoy it.Absolutely worth $85.And then the finale came.  They let us have a half sized shot of the Dos Lunas Grand Reserve.  A 750ml (25oz) bottle costs $3000.  So a single 1oz shot of that would run over $120 retail, up to $500 in a resort bar.  So all by itself, this was more than we paid for the whole meal!  It tasted more like a cognac and not at all like an 11 year old tequila.  I would never pay that much for a shot, but man it was pretty cool to have.GREAT event at the Mission.
4	I think for my sesquicentennial review, I've gotten to a point where I'm letting the food direct the show of stars. Sure, we have the servers and cooks as producers, the location as our stage, lighting, sound and supporting staff. But the meal, ah, that is our celebrated lead actor. Without it, all other pieces may paint a pretty picture, but what good is a painting when it medium is missing? The Mission really delivers its lines well. Almost too well. Like Dakota Fanning well. Each plate has a spectrum of flavors--bold and smoky with subtle and delicate undertones of fresh herbs. Each dish is skillfully plated and ready for its closeup. My steak tacos were so intensely flavored, I didn't really dwell on the fact there were but three petite tortilla shells mounded with strips of magnificently grilled flank steak and slices of fresh avocado. And the papas y chorizo, which I ordered as an accompaniment, helped balance the palate yet was still a strong item on its own. Robert M's pozole was as unique as it was flavorful, delicious, satisfying and, ironically, humble. The bread pudding he ordered at the end of meal was, according to him, a premature ejaculation. Apparently, that means it was good, so I'll take his word for that. Those who joined us for this meal seemed to share some of the enthusiasm over the dessert, but I don't eat sweets so will have to believe their accolades worthy. What, pray tell, denies The Mission of the much clamored five-star rating? Primarily, it's the associated fees. On one hand, I was blown away by the sensuous flavors apparent in every edible item. On the other hand, I was blown away upon seeing the bill (especially since I had nothing but water to drink). Does one negate the other? Perhaps. Am I at a place in my life where such a statement rings true? Not necessarily. While my initial response was, I wouldn't likely return to The Mission if it was my decision, I confess that I would, willingly, give myself back to The Mission if only for the sublime sins of doting on sustenance.
2	Went here on a double date and was not impressed. The amount and quality of the food for the price? No thanks. I've had better or just as good (with a much cheaper bill) at numerous other places. Granted the setting is very nice and swank, and the service was good. Still, I don't think this place merits a return visit.
4	My hubby, a friend and I went there for Yelp Restaurant Week (I'm just a procrastinator) for dinner.  I had been there for lunch which I really enjoyed, but the dinner was delicious.We each had something different on the tasting menu so we got to try many dishes at once.  The drinks were sooooo good and the desserts were to die for.  OK, we'll be going back and making The Mission a household favorite.
5	I have been here for brunch and dinner and prefer the brunch.  Service is alwys great and the food is fresh and creative.
5	I'm late in writing this review as I was here on August 1st, but I wanted to make sure I put my voice out there. My good friend held my baby shower at The Mission and it was just amazing. High class all the way. First off I just loved the decor, it was elegant and fun at the same time. The illuminated salt bricks were very cool and I just liked the trendy feel of the place.Brian, the owner, went above and beyond to make sure that we got the "back room" for my shower so we could have privacy. They even printed up our own menu's specifically for us. We had our own wait staff who was very prompt and helpful. We felt very important the whole time we were there.Even though I couldn't partake in the mimosa bar we had set up, my friends all said it was wonderful, as well as the mojitos...I'll have to go back to partake :)For my breakfast, I ordered Chilaquiles, which was fried corn tortillas topped with red chile pork, fried egg and cotija cheese. They were delicious. I think there could have been a little more pork on them, but for the most part, I thoroughly enjoyed them. It was like breakfast nachos, and who doesn't like nachos. The other dish that looked unbelievable was the Cinnamon Pecan Waffles topped with cinnamon helado. Oh my goodness...if I could have eaten two dishes, I would have definitely ordered those as well! They just looked tempting. For dessert we had the Espresso churros. The churros were okay...a little too crispy, they would have been better if they were served warmer and  if they were softer. But the milkshake that came with it was great! Very creamy and just plain yummy.I plan on going back when not pregnant so I can also try out the tequila bar! There are so many things on the menu I can't wait to try. Definitely had a great overall experience at the Mission!
4	I've been here quite a few times and have a great time each visit. The bar area is really cool, you can hang out to order drinks and still get appetizers/meals served. Their Guac is amazing!!!! They make it fresh after you order it and make it as spicy as you'd like. The meals are tasty and unique from most of the other restaurants in the area.
5	Very Very good. We are visiting from New York and know our food well. The Concierge at the Phoenician recommended this place and it was worth it.The Guac was amazing, the Chorizo was awesome, the Mission Margarita was perfectly balanced. The sword fish did fall a little short as the flavors didn't soak into the 8oz Fillet Mignon style medallion but the creole rice accompanying it covered up for it. The freshness of the ingredients was very evident and the chef deserves all the compliments for a wonderful meal. Will recommend everybody and be back when I come back to Scottsdale.
4	Since The Mission is getting ready to celebrate their one year anniversary, I figure it's time for an update.  I went in for my first visit last November, shortly after they opened, and I've been in countless times since.  The atmosphere is amazing, the staff welcoming, the food unique and tasty... oh, and the drinks go down easy too!The Mission has become Jared's second home - he's there much more than I am!  I go for an occasional drink or dinner.  My favorite menu item is the tableside prepared guacamole.  It's fantastic!  I am also a huge fan of the white bean puree, the street corn, and the salmon.  I wish they had some lighter options on the menu though - just a suggestion on behalf of those of us that are health-conscious!If you enjoy Latin-inspired fare, for sure go check out The Mission... Or at the very least, go in for a drink and some guacamole.  Look for Jared at the bar when you're there!I"ll for sure be excited to celebrate The Mission's one year anniversary in late October.  I'm sure it will be one helluva party!  It always is at The Mission!
4	I like the scene, the atmosphere, location, drinks, food, service etc. The prices are little on the high side for what you get portion wise. My husband is 6' tall with a 33" waist and they didn't give him enough food. Hate to see what happens when the power protein gym rats go there. One thing I don't like is the sort of "club" feel here. Its nice they want to be sexy, but Scottsdale has a lot of sex, sometimes you just want substance. Last time we were there, we went for my mother's birthday. She is a pretty hot 60+ lady, but the waitress was sort of busting out of her bra (which was busting out of her shirt) A little too much for my taste, keep it classy- we're not in Vegas. AND you're a restaurant connected to a church. It sort of ruins the quasi romantic atmosphere. I also think the seating is a bit cramped for dinner seating, this isn't Pei Wei folks. BUT if you haven't been, give it a try, its  definitely a great spot for all the GOOD reasons I've listed above.
5	Still head over hills for The Mission.  I have even made a pit-stop on the way home to kill my sweet potato fries and grilled street corn craving (I know carb overload).  They just added a few new things to the menu, one of which is the black cod, loved it (hopefully that can help balance out my love of the carbs).  Be sure to make a reservation because the cat is out of the bag on the locally owned gem!!
3	I went to the Mission with a group of 7 girls. We were a large group but since it was restaurant week, we thought it would not be too complicated for us all to enjoy a great meal with no issues. The decor of this place is beautiful! It is so cool and so hip! I loved it but keep it mind it is pretty dark. There is a great little patio in the front of the restaurant, a bar with some seating available, and a small to medium sized main dining room. The restaurant week menu was very enticing and I was immediately drawn to the Ahi Tuna appetizer, halibut entree, and churro expresso dessert. Unfortunately, they were out of the Tuna (which our server did not tell us until we were all ready to order. I ended up getting the pork belly salad which was yummy but we were a little annoyed we were not told up front that the restaurant week menu was limited. But no big deal, not the end of the world. We all ordered and were enjoying our cocktails when the waiter came back and said the kitchen only had two halibuts left and three of us had ordered it. It was disheartening to change my order yet again. I ended up ordering the filet. To be fair, it was amazing. Whatever they put in it rub seasoning was fantastic! I just had my heart set on the tuna and the halibut. (I have been studying the menu on-line days in advance!) The three desserts: expresso churro, fried bananas, and pumpkin bread pudding were all OK, nothing spectacular. We did get a free mini margarita with our meal but I am pretty sure there was no alcohol in it. The staff was very polite and the place was packed. It was overall a great time but I have to go with 3 stars instead of 4 or 5 because I was forced to order things that I was not intending on having. They should be pretty stocked up considering how popular restaurant week is. Additionally, if they were out of something, it would have been nice if they could have offered an alternative third app. I would go back because it was a great location, nice staff, cool place, and really good steak!
5	LOVE this place.  The atmosphere and the decor  is classy and the vibe is decidedly sexy.  While on the smaller size in terms of space, it is far from cramped and uncomfortable.  I celebrated my birthday here with some girlfriends and we had a fantastic time.While I don't drink (not court or rehab mandated either) my friends raved about the Premarita Margarita, their signature drink made with Partida tequila and agave nectar.  We also thoroughly enjoyed the guacamole which is made tableside.  Since some of the ladies prefer their guac a bit spicier than the others, our server was happy to accomodate our requests.  I had the chicken tacos which were the perfect size for me.  I think that a man may look at the 3 small tacos on my plate and wonder what else was for dinner but for me it was perfect.  The chicken was cooked perfectly and had a delicious flavor that just spicy enough without searing my tastebuds off.  For desert, my friend made me a home-made birthday cake that she brought in and for a small cake-cutting fee, was presented to me (with trick candles and sparklers no less!)  The service that we had was top notch.  Brian, the owner, made sure that we were taken care of and helped to make the evening special.  The bartender and server were both attentive, quick, and friendly.All in all, it was a wonderful birthday dinner.  I have never had a bad experience at The Mission and can't wait to return.
5	Great place. A perfect Mojito started the night. We then ordered 3 small plates for about $8 a piece, which were all fantastic and not so small. The room has great atmosphere with a community table near the bar. Service was perfect.
3	This restaurant has a great atmosphere and very nice service. The menu is not vegetarian friendly and the margaritas are super sweet. Food is really good, had the salmon and pumpkin bread pudding. Would recommend for a night out with friends or with a date.
3	Filet was good, and the flavors were unique. However, something was missing and I can't put my finger on it. Definitely worth a try, but I can't say I'd go back right away, given all the other great choices in the PHX area.I'd like to try brunch and the all you can eat pork taco Sundays.
5	Thank you to Yelp for this recommendation.  The food was outstanding, especially the Duck Empanada with Foie Gras, as well as the Braised Short Ribs.  Sorry Gabi, but when I eat out, healthy food goes out the window.  Although the portions  on the plate seemed small, we were too full to eat dessert.
3	They try too hard with the decor... crazy big chandeliers??? the menu is ok... we sat at the bar for a few apps and some drinks but the bartender was so miserable that he made our time there uncomfortable... he wasn't friendly... he didn't make any conversation... we had some questions about the menu but he was to apathetic to help us... overall food was decent but the service could use some fine tuning...
2	The pork shoulder tacos and sangria were very good.  I especially liked the tiny corn tortillas.  The atmosphere was nice and very classy.  There were lots of candles, big mirrors on the walls, and chandeliers.  I think the waitstaff was the one downer from the visit -- they were cold and did not try to provide a pleasant experience.  Overall, I just did not think The Mission was anything special.  It's a dime in a dozen in Scottsdale.
3	I am giving 4 stars, but I am a little skeptical about this restaurants staying power. I know it just celebrated it's 1 year anniversary, but there is something suspect about this place. I had dinner here with my family for my brother's 28th birthday. The interior is very warm and dark. There appeared to be a nice bar area and the dining area was nice and open. I did like the way they presented the menus. They had this leather bound cover and it fit very well with the decor. We started with a table side guacamole. It was good. The guy that prepared it gave us a play by play and had very infomercial type voice. A little annoying. I almost felt bad for him. The portion wasn't very big however. The chips and salsa were good, but when is that bad. The selection on the menu is quite small and if you are vegetarian there are no options. I had the swordfish with a shrimp ceviche and rice. It was actually very good, but the portion was small by eating out standards. I actuality it was probably the perfect amount of food. The pork and chorizo was a hit at the table as well. I was also able to try the scallops. They were good, but a tad undercooked. Here is what makes me worry about their staying power. The server to diner ratio was probably 2:1. We must have had at least 7 different people help out our table. We noticed a lot of other servers, runners, bussers, hostesses, and managers milling about. How can they afford to pay all of these people? Oh yeah, the food is on the expensive side. It was good, but I won't be rushing back there.
4	We followed the Yelp reviews to this place for a Sunday afternoon lunch. We were really pleased with the quality of the food and the amazing flavors they used in creating their dishes. If you're looking for massive burros for $5, you won't be happy here. If you're looking for creative dishes where you're disappointed you have arrived at the last bite and looking for more, then give them a try. I had outstanding skirt steak taco and my wife had the arepas. She is from Costa Rica, and she was impressed.
3	Great hip place to go when you are in the mood for upscale modern Latin fair. I wish I could remember the name of our waiter, he was phenomenal. Really excellent service. My two favorite things were the table side guacamole and the bread pudding. Seriously, the bread pudding is to die for... I highly recommend it... even if you THINK you don't like bread pudding. I'd suggest going here for a girls night out or on a date. The bar was packed when we got there as well. Overall the food was good, the desert was ridiculous and the service was excellent.
5	I took my Dad to this restaurant hoping for a great meal.  We were not disappointed!  In fact, we chose this restaurant b/c of the raving reviews - all were correct - this is an AMAZING place to eat.  We were seated right away (despite the fact I muddled the online reservations), the host was very understanding and we were seated immediately.  The service is impeccable and the pork shoulder made me cry it was so tender.  We had churros for dessert - fantastic.  The churros were hot and came with an outstanding milkshake.  I will definitely go back - and bring family.
4	I usually don't write a review of an oft and well-reviewed restaurant, but felt compelled to key strokes for a few items on their fabulous menu that are missed in some of the reviews. Having been there a number of times since the first month they opened (I love the chef's Zinc Bistro too), I have alot of respect for a place that consistently delivers on food and ambiance. Does this place "try too hard"?  What the H does that mean? The waiters know the menu? Good. There is alot of wait staff? Good. They push drinks? No. If you haven't tried the Peruvian clam stew, for first course or even for lunch, you are missing a truly refined dish. The clams and chorizo in the light golden liquid are heavenly. The tortas, especially the brisket, are really flavorful. I have no arguements with those who expound the virtues of their pork and beef dishes at dinner. Try weekend brunch or lunch too.
4	Great Ambiance.  Excellent service.  Take out of town guests here to create a lasting impression.4 of us shared all the taco varieties.  When our tacos arrived, they were about 3" in diameter.  I'll admit that I had an internal check-didn't look like a lot of food there.   But once we started eating, those thoughts vanished.  Delicious, and there was plenty of food for all to share.  And anyway...here's a concept-leaving a spanish restaurant without being totally gorged on sides of refried beans and rice and melted cheese. Of particular note, Pork shoulder tacos for 2.  Tasty and tender.Be ready to spend a little dough, and take the time to enjoy the ambiance and cuisine.
4	My husband and I were in Scottsdale over a long weekend and through Yelp and the help of our hotel manager we chose The Mission for dinner.  It's a beautiful little restaurant with an outdoor seating option as well as ample seating inside.  There are little crystal chandeliers that cast a warm glow and the wall around the kitchen is made from salt  blocks that seem to glow from the lights inside.  The food was fantastic!  We ordered the table side guacamole and the kid that made it for us had some excellent suggestions on what to order for dinner. The guac was delicious along with the homemade tortilla chips we ate it on.   We ended up going with the pork shoulder (it's for 2 people) and that was also marvelous.  The pork fell apart as soon as your fork touched it and it's served with tiny tortillas on a salt block and garnishes like sauce, cheese and diced red onion.  The only thing that didn't make this place a five star option was our actual waitress.  She  didn't seem to interested in making suggestions for dinner and didn't say a thing about the fact that I did not touch my Sophia Loren ( a really STRONG drink) I had ordered.  Also the managers were darting around but seemed to busy to talk to the patrons.  However, it would not deter us from going back there again.  It was absolutely delicious!
3	I want to love The Mission. I really do. The decor is awesome and the margaritas ROCK! But, the food is not doing it for me and I'm so disappointed! I have had the guacamole and I thought it was fine but nothing so special it should be three times the price of guacamole anywhere else.The cheese plate, on the other hand, I'd say that's where it's at  - the cheese portions were fair and the grilled pan de yuca was warm, soft and delicious!The pozole was good but while I thought it was cute that the "heat" came on the side (you add your own serrano and garnish) I would have liked more of the flavor to come from the kitchen. I actually have to say I did NOT like the mahi mahi tacos and it had nothing to do with the size (they ARE small - the tortillas can't be more than 4 inches in diameter but the filling portions are generous). It was the fat little fish sticks that served as the filling --  all I could taste was the batter! By my second taco, I was trying to pick the batter off and come the third - I just gave up and left it in hopes of enjoying dessert.Dessert was good - I had the churros on the recommendation of the many Yelp reviews I had read and they were OK. I actually preferred the fried bananas - more specifically, the peanut butter mousse that they were plated with! OK, I was going to give this place 2 stars but I'm going to round up to 3 with a caveat: For dinner, "Meh. I've experienced better." but for sharing a cheese plate, maybe some pozole, a couple margaritas or a romantic setting for dessert with a bottle of wine, it's "A-OK."
5	I decided to check this place out after many of the people I had recommended it to came back raving about it! They were right! The Mission is located in Old Town Scottsdale amidst a flurry of Arizona souvenir shops,  pricey art galleries and historical museums.  This is a very touristy area.  Despite that, the Mission is anything but touristy.  It is tastefully decorated as the name would imply, and still goes a step beyond the cliche mission style with romantic window treatments and elegant chandalier lighting.My friend and I came in for lunch and as we past  through the front patio, debated whether or not to dine al fresco.  That though evaporated as soon as we entered and eyed the bar.  It called out to us- as many bars do.  Unlike the rest of the place, the bar was empty so we hunkered down and recieved incredibly friendly and professional service.After chatting up the bartender a little about the menu, we sipped our LA Vodka and sodas.  The vodka was tinged with pommegranite and was a little to sweet for me but it was vodka.The tableside Guacamole was prepared with excellent results. Chunky, creamy and best of all zesty as it should be.  The Chips were warm and had 3 different salsas for dipping.  One was smokey, one green and one was just right!Next up was a Peruvian clam stew, served with Taro root bread to sop up the savory juices.  The clams were fresh and the vegetables were very flavorful.  Delishious!We decided to split the Pork Shoulder tacos.  Even though they appeared to be small, the flavor they packed was anything but.  It was the perfect amount  for us.  After a second drink and several glasses of water, we though t we were through- but no.Our bartender friend surprised us with yet  another incredibly tasty dish- Pumpkin bread pudding with vanilla bean ice cream and a little carmel sauce.  It was worth every fat calorie!Everything about this place was excellent.  The service was impeccable.  The decor- interesting and romantic.  The food was truly inspiring and satisfying on every level.  I can't wait to go back for Brunch!!!!
4	Table side guac is such an awesomely good idea. They'll make it here as spicy as you want, even throwing in habanero peppers if you think you can handle it. Besides the appetizers I tried the mahi tacos and they were great, baja style, but very, very lightly breaded and fried. We also had the please of trying mini-churros with a milkshake (mmmmmmm), fried bananas, and bread pudding. I'm not a fan of bananas or bread pudding so I'm not a good judge of if they were good or not, but the rest of my table assured me they were.I also really dig the interior of The Mission. It sort of reminds me of the Alamo, although I only ever went to The Alamo once many years ago so my memories could be wrong. However, it has that open, cool, stone feel with tons of great chandeliers and candles hanging around and setting the mood. So, um, check it out and get into the mood.
5	I love this place... the food is wonderful and it's beautiful inside. This is a great date night spot!
2	Having Christmas Eve dinner with friends, we started with drinks and the fantastic guacamole with chips. As we filled up on chips, we joked that maybe we should have just stopped there and not ordered dinner. Little did we know how right we were going to be. We went the tapas route rather than entrees. We ordered... Duck carnitas empanada: The shell was tough, not tender and crunchy as it should have been. It also had a very distinct lemon flavor, which was ok, but a little odd. Otherwise, the duck filling was good. Roast Corn Gorditas: The little silver dollar size gorditas were, again, tough. Almost inedible. Neither the amount nor the flavor of the topping was enough to overshadow this problem. Shrimp Anticuchos: Waaaaaay over cooked. I knew before I bit into it, too. I tried to remove the remaining shell from the tail and the shrimp didn't pull out of it - too dry. Chicken Anticuchos: Dry and over cooked. Good flavors, though. Beef Anticuchos: This one bright spot for the tapas dishes arrived very late. Hot, juicy, and amazing flavors. But... and this is a big one... The runner who brought it made a point of saying that the kitchen had 'run out' of these and had to make this one fresh. Um, what? Does that explain the other 4 dishes and their awful execution? We just happened to get a bunch of stuff that was pre-prepared and sitting around? Suddenly it all made sense. By the time we finished the beef, we were done but not full or satisfied (obviously). We headed off to Grand Luxe (not that many places to go on Christmas Eve, really) and were happier there with a few tapas dishes and dessert. And a note for servers: When you ask if everything is ok and everyone chuckles sadistically rather than answer, when you don't follow up, it's obvious you don't care.In the end, other than the very late dish, service was pretty good. Drinks were good. Chips and guac were excellent. It just felt like the B team was in the kitchen so that the real cooks/chefs could be home for Christmas Eve. So much potential, but so little execution.
5	If you want great food, atmosphere and a friendly spot, then The Mission is the place to go. I happened to stumble upon this intimate restaurant one evening in old town Scottsdale and was so surprised to find this hot spot. It's literally in a old mission and chef Matt Carter from Zinc Bistro serves up great tasting Latin American cuisine. The atmosphere is cozy and the decor is impressive. I would classify their menu items as more tapa style and it's a little pricey but worth it. I'm a huge fan of their table-side guacamole and their smokey flavored salsa is to die for. The shrimp anticuchos (skewered shrimp) are excellent. I would recommend the tecate skirt steak tacos served on hand made corn tortillas but the pulled-pork is also excellent. The portions are small and if you are used to large, hearty portions, then I would not recommend this place; however, I enjoy more tapa style because you can sample more of their delicious menu items. Don't forget to check out their extensive tequila selection and their Spanish wine list; the sangria is excellent as well. I would definitely recommend this quaint spot for any event, date or outing and the staff are friendly and remembered my name the second time I walked in. Everyone is very friendly and it's well worth every penny.
4	Definitely one of the best Mexican restaurants in this town.  What I liked:The food: I started with the three-bean salad, which was fantastic. It was a mixture of fresh green beans, black beans and pinto beans in a semi-sweet dressing.  Great appetizer on for a hot summer day.  For my entree, I ordered the mahi-mahi tacos, which were also amazing. Three small corn tortillas (house made) topped with big chunks of flash-fried mahi, pickled red pepper, and a special sauce. My wife ordered the black cod for her entree and it was also insanely good.  The house-made guac is also a must-have at The Mission, as they prepare it at your table.  Another must-have is the grits -- make sure you order it as a side dish -- be prepared for serious spiciness though.  Someone else in our party had the pork shoulder tacos, which he loved.The ambiance: very cool. dimly lit, modern, classy.What I didn't like:Service: Our server had a bit of an attitude, and they were also out of several things we wanted to order.  We arrived at 8:15 and they were already out of the main soup on the menu (five chile soup).  All in all a must-try for "fine dining" Mexican in Scottsdale.
2	Another annoying Scottsdale establishment. I gave it 2 stars because the food was tasty, not great--but good. The service on the other hand was horrible at best. The restaurant was freezing!! We requested they shut the back door to prevent the draft of cold air pouring in and was ignored. It was lunch time on a Monday and we were only the 2nd table to be seated, I wasn't sure why our request went ignored. Shortly after taking our drink order our server vanished for almost 15 minutes. After which did not bring any of us water. We then placed our 2nd, 3rd and 4th request for water and finally receiving it the same time as our entrees. Would you like extra salsa? Too bad, the waitress never was to be seen again till my friend got up and approached the bar to have her soda refilled. It took her this long to realized we were annoyed. The food could have been the most amazing thing ever, but due to the lack of service I will NEVER go back.
5	My family was visiting AZ and we found this restaurant on Yelp.  It was outstanding.  We had lunch where we ordered steak and mahi-mahi taco's with a shrimp salad and guacamole appetizer.  We sat in the outside dining room and received excellent service and excellent food.  The banana foster with peanut butter flavored ice cream was delicious as were the chorizo's .  The food portions were also very good.  When you finished eating you were full but not stuffed.
2	style:substance ratio here is not what I prefer.  food is pretty average and overpriced - they try hard on the presentation, but it just doesn't have a ton of flavor.  guac was thoroughly mediocre, as were white bean puree.  skirt steak tacos were bad - meat just tough and flavorless.the space is really great, but there is so much great mexican in phoenix it is hard to justify coming just for the vibe, and it feels like it shouldn't be hard for management to improve the food.
5	We went to The Mission on New Year's Eve in advance of a wedding and had a great time.  It's in Old Town Scottsdale in an older building that they have updated.  Has a great feel inside and a nice patio in the front.  I'm not reviewing that though.Almost every dish we had was fantastic.  We decided to share a bunch of appetizers and entrees among us and the standouts were the Grits (yes, the grits) and the Corn as appetizers.  For entrees, the Chicken was delicious as were all of the tacos.  The service was very friendly and efficient too.  Highly recommend this place.
3	My friend and I only ordered drinks and the chips and guacamole. I didn't think the chips or guacamole were that good, and for $12 I was expecting them to be amazing. My margaretta was awesome though so I would definitely order that again.I absolutely loved the ambiance in this restaurant which is the main reason I want to go back (kind of pathetic, I know). It seems like it would be a really nice restaurant to go on a date. It was crowded at 7:30 on a Tuesday night, so they must be doing something right!
4	Holy crap the food is amazing. My favorite is the tecate braised tacos.  I went there for my birthday (we had a party of 9) and got great service and free tequila shots.  The other night I went in though, it wasn't very busy but the service was pretty slow.  Our waiter was still awesome though.
5	I went to The Mission for lunch with my bosses and it was great! I've been wanting to go for some time now and I really want to check out their brunch on Sundays which I heard was amazing.The ambiance is really laid back and mellow but in a cool, retro hip way. We sat at the bar for lunch and everything was great. I had the skirt steak tacos which were absolutely delicious - I was so full but I wanted more! We also got the basket of french fries...a combination of traditional fries and sweet potato fries. OMG. so good.You should definitely go check it out if you haven't already - the food and drinks are great!
3	I recently went with 3 other friends... it was the weekend and wait was an hour, which i can deal with since they have pretty good drinks.  the place is really cool inside and i like the salt wall.  My enthusiasm for the Mission wanes when I think about the menu.  While everything that I had was cooked very good, I felt the menu selection was limited and overpriced for what you got.  I would go back, but only for drinking.
3	This is a pretty decent little spot. Intimate, great interior decor and a patio for those not-too-hot happy hours we can enjoy before June. Kinda pricey if you're gonna be drinking but a good selection of alcohol and food is tasty. Yes, Malibu Rum is included in their drink selection :) I happened to meet friends here during National Margarita Day and the bar staff brought plenty of samples over for us to try including some top-shelf brands. I was pretty impressed with that :)
5	Phenomenal Latin American fusion, almejas al vapor are a must, and the table side guacamole is some of the best I've had...
5	I LOVE this place!  I used to come here at least 2x a week, now that I live further away I'm not there as often as I like, but whenever I get the chance I'm here!   This place is impeccable!  The ambiance is gorgeous!  The food is delectable, and the staff is superb!  Brian (the owner?)  always comes by the tables to make sure everyone is enjoying themselves.  Mike (the bartender) always remembers what I order, even when it's been quite a while!  I really just can't rave enough about this place!  Every time I have a special event (or just want some good food or drinks!) This is where I'll be!
5	Always a good choice. I have never had a bad meal here & the owners and staff are all very friendly I love the dessert - peanut butter, bananas, chocolate churros. Yummy goodness!
2	I was looking forward to visiting the Mission for a long time.  Finally, I made it last Friday just in time for happy hour. The patio was crowded but not quite full.  The hostess was reluctant to sit us on the patio, perhaps because we mentioned we may not be ordering dinner. That is fair, I can understand keeping the premium sitting open for larger parties or people certain to order entrees. So we took at seat at the bar. The place looked really nice and I was impressed by the selection of premium booze behind the bar.  Unfortunately we never got a chance to experience The Mission. After sitting at the bar for somewhere between 5 and 10 Mins we were yet to be acknowledged.  All the while staff is busy swirling around us. So when we decided that the Mission did not want our patronage, we got up and left after never being spoken too.  Then the hostess who sat us at the bar just 10 mins prior gave us a big smile as we left and said, "Come back again".  Not likely friend. I guess my money is not good enough for The Misson. I give it two stars simply because everyone else's plate looked good.
4	went for lunch today with my girlfriend.  i had the chicken tacos and she had the mahi tacos.  you get three little tacos per order.  we switched one for one.  the chicken was freakin great.  i had a small chicken bone and some cartilidge in mine and i still loved it.  seasoned well and dressed well with an adobo sauce, maybe.  it had some green cabbage, some sliced fresno peppers and what i think was manchego.    i loved it.  the girl had fried mahi tacos  (they offered the option of grilled rather than fried).  it was good, had some remoulade and the same cabbage and fresnos on it.  it was all good.  the service, the food, the atmosphere, and the whole package.  go here, eat here.  be happy.  quality over quantity. always.  well done mission staff, well done
4	My wife and I went to the Mission to celebrate our first anniversary over brunch. We weren't disappointed. The food was great! I had the Chilaquiles (corn tortillas, pork, egg, cojita) and have never quite tasted anything like it. A combination of flavors with a little bit of spice. The plate had a very nice portion as well. Good value for $9.My wife had the corn pancakes with crab and loved the meal.I made an executive decision to also order the homemade granola, yougurt and tropical fruit. This dish was superb. I was a bit disappointed that the menu listed the fruit options as pineapple, mango and papaya and when the plate arrived there were blueberries instead of the papaya. Mix in the fruit, yogurt and granola and we had a nice complement to our main meal.The service was good. We had to wait awhile for our food. A table next to us ordered well after me, and ended up getting their food at least 10 minutes before. That was upsetting, because we were both very hungry! At least the waitress came over and said the food was on its way and thanked us for our patience.The inside is very nice and has a cool decor. There is a small patio outside and a full bar inside.4.5 stars
4	I'm def. a fan of this place. The food is awesome and the staff is super friendly.  Even the bussers will chat with you and smile. The atmostphere is awesome as well. With dark wood and low lighting, you do feel like you're in an old mission.Great find in Scottsdale!
5	Love, love, love.Recently stumbled into this place after a day walking around the farmers market and downtown Scottsdale.  The atmosphere is amazing, kindof an industrial/old world Spanish feel (think Santa Fe Loft).  And they have a great serving staff--speedy, friendly and knowledgeably.  When I first sat down, I was a little put off by the prices.  I had brought my whole family along and didn't intended on quite the spendy dinner.  However, all the selections looked and tasted so wonderful!  By the end of the night I had ordered dinner entrees, drinks AND dessert.  The kids still won't stop talking about their fried bananas :)  I definitely plan to revisit, when I have more time and cash to enjoy fully.
4	I invited a group here to thank them for being such great clients. We had a really lovely lunch. It was a beautiful day and we sat on the back patio. Good atmosphere, inside and out. We started with the tableside guacamole, which was excellent. It had a little bite, just enough. I had the mahi mahi tacos and one of my guests did too, we both loved them. Two of the other guys had the chicken arepas with white and sweet potato fries that I had to sample. Service was very good. I would definitely recommend it and I will be back for dinner soon.
2	Scale of 1-10 (single visit):6 Food5 Service8 Atmosphere6 ValueMajor let down.  I walk in and see a cozy patio and nice interior atmosphere, but the fun ends there.  They didn't have enough lunch menus for our table.  It was 1:30.  What the hell did they do at 12:30?Our server Ryan's timing was random, unstructured, and slow - and I had to ask twice for my drink.  From a place charging less than $11-$15 per cocktail, I could forgive this, but once we hit double digits on a small tumbler of booze, I require sharp service.  This wasn't even average.  For prices like this, service is a must.  Then came the big failure:  They cleared 5 people's plates, and left 1 because she was still eating.  If I ran a restaurant I would fire any server that I ever caught doing this, because I would have trained them properly.  You clear only after EVERYONE is done!  In hindsight I over-tipped.And finally the food was bland.  Except for the guacamole, which was great and might be the only thing I could cling to if challenged as to why they got 2 stars instead of 1.
4	On our first night in Scottsdale, we asked the concierge for something new in town. The Mission in Old Town Scottsdale, was a hit. The physical plant was adobe style. Inside had soft lighting, contemporary upbeat music and a great spanish feel complete with lots of candles, metal forgings and the liike. The drinks were great and the food was outstanding. We started with skewered chicken and beef satay and they were savory, tender and perfect to the taste.. The Duck Carnitas Empanada ($12) was also a great way to start. Whether you do tapas or a full meal, there is plenty to choose from. Some of my favorites were the Malbec Braised Short Ribs ($19) and Scallops ($28). Best side was Creamy Grits $(8) with butter, honey and chipotle.Dont forget dessert and the tequila bar!
2	Good place for drinks and a few bites, but not recommended for dinner.Loved the smokehouse margarita - very smoky and spicy, not for those looking for a typical margarita.  The avocado margarita was also great - cooling and refreshing.Food is where things fell apart.  The menu looks amazing - we had a hard time picking what we wanted to order because the combinations all sounded so interesting.  So we enlisted the help of our server who was extremely passionate about the duck empanada and malbec braised short ribs which were in our consideration set.The duck lacked any real flavor or richness - neither the foir gras nor the habanero came through.  But the short ribs were honestly a disaster.  The meat was incredibly dry - we couldn't even imagine how something braised could be so dry, unless they make it once or twice a week and then reheat in the microwave.  We barely ate half, and I typically will finish anything.Guac was fine, nothing special.  Definitely not worth $12 in terms of either quality or quantity.  Ambiance was nice, but not enough to balance out mediocre (at best) food.  Unfortunate - I was looking forward to this meal.
4	OK so I was in AZ for work and my friend from AZ took me here....I give The Mission 4 stars as it relates to the drinks and appetizers. We had the sangria which was super refreshing, the patio was awesome (minus the bugs) and the music was FANTASTIC! The guacamole was AWESOME, the server was a kick in the pants when he was making it at the table (love that kind of guac) and the almejas were SUUUUUUUPER delicious, they weren't kidding when they said to soak up the juice yummmmmmmm!! We also had the swordfish i think it was, but there you go, underwhelmed on the main course situation. I would say, if they had a happy hour other than Sundays it would get loads more visits! But in the meantime its got a good vibe and excellent after work hang out, just invest in the appetizers and drinks!
4	After my first experience with The Mission, I didn't expect there to be a second, at least with my husband anyway.  But after sampling the stew at  Yelp in Bloom, he was open to giving it another shot.  And this time, it did not disappoint either of us.I have to give 5 stars for the Primarita.  I was hesitant given it has something like half the calories of a standard margarita.  Half the calories and twice as good!  A couple of these and I can almost forgive the price of the guacamole.After Yelp in Bloom, we had to order the Almejas Al Vapor, that delightfully spicy peruvian stew.  Definitely enough for two and served with plenty of bread to soak up all that broth.  That tends to help keep patrons from drinking from their bowl I'm sure.  We also tried the tostadas prepared with chicken thigh and black beans.  Delicious, but maybe piled just a little too high.  More stuff ended up on my plate than in my mouth with every bite.  Maybe they should line the plate with a tortilla so I could just roll up all the stragglers at the end.  Less forks to wash that way, too.  The grilled street corn was right up there on the good scale with everything else, as well.Only knocking a star off because everything really is priced just a bit too high IMO.  But this time, I'm sure we'll be back!
5	LOVED LOVED LOVED IT! Came on Saturday night for my cousin's bachelorette weekend celebration. We were in a group of 9, and all of us loved our meal choices! Definitely worth the price! I had the tostadas, delicious, and a few of us had the short ribs...AMAZING! The restaurant on the indside is really beautiful and great ambiance! I had asked for them to have balloons and flowers on the table when we arrived and it was really pretty, they did a great job!! Our server was sooo sweet!!  We had a great time! Highly recommended!
5	Overall, this place was top-notch.  Service was phenomenal.  Our server took really good care of us, very knowledgeable of the menu with some great recommendations.  Ambient was filled with energy flowing, fun, laid back with a modern southwestern, chic feel.Commenced with some refreshing, "healthy" cocktail - Bloody Orange Margarita, made fresh using real fruit with no sugar.  So good I ordered another.  Most of the drinks looked really good.For the apps or botanas (as they call it), we had Duck Carnitas Empanadas, Pork Belly Pibil,and Almejas Al Vapor.  We ordered 2 of each as we wanted to share among the group.  I would have to say I enjoyed every single one of them.  NOW, the foie gras that came with the Empanadas, I thought was a little overdone so therefore dry.  Foie gras usually is softer and juicier with balanced flavor.For the main entree, we had this tender Pork Shoulder that came with Tortilla complemented with a nice sweet, tangy sauce to drizzle over. Oh wow, just amazing.  The meat was soo tender that you just peeled it right off. Desert - Pumpkin Bread Pudding, pretty good.  A little too sweet, but good.I would definitely return for some more deliciousness!
4	This place really has a great Scottsdale/Southwest/Sexy vibe.  Walking in I am always impressed by the sexy southwestern decor.  Kinda dark with mirrors, candles and a glowing salt block wall that separates the kitchen from the dining area.These guys have a great tequila and margarita selection.  It would be a mistake to head straight to the dining area without stopping in the bar first for a drink.I've been here on Sundays for the "Pig Out" all you can eat pork event which is great.This recent visit they were offering a five course fixed menu with wine pairings for $65/person.  I love these type events because the chef can experiment with new recipes and as a guest I get to try many new flavors and wines.This meal progressed from scallops to roasted guinea hen to halibut to Berkshire pork to chocolate cake.  My favorite was the pork and least favorite course was the chocolate cake with the lime sorbet.The wines were mostly from Spain with a Malbec and Champagne added to round out the pairings.Get on their email list for upcoming events or just stop in for a meal.  This place is consistently good.
4	Homemade frozen margs from sorbet and fantastic food should be top on your list for Old Town Scottsdale. Meeting a lunch date I arrived early and enjoyed a Cabernet and raspberry frozen margarita. I was unsure about that but after a sample was offered, I was sold. Outstanding! There's a small patio in front but I'll pass in the heat and enjoy the great indoors. Spicy Spanish music filled the air and we ordered.Start with the fresh guacamole made table side to taste. I love it that way. The salsa was delicious as well. Requesting input from our very knowledgeable waiter, I went with his suggestion of a spicy brisket sandwich but warned it comes with slaw on top. I'm not afraid. Bring it on. Across the table a Chipotle Caesar was greatly enjoyed. While I was only there for lunch, I'll be sure to visit again for dinner. I have a feeling the nightlife at the bar is amazing.
3	I would rate them 4 stars except the portions are small and the drinks are over priced. The beef rib entree was one (yes) one beef rib and dry for $24 and no sides. I am a big fan of tapas, but tapas are $8 not $12. No happy hour is a deterent as there is no house wine and the wines by the glass start at $9 for anything drinkable.Great pork belly and 7 spice soup, but I have to say no to a $12 Arepa(Argentine cornmeal sandwich) it's a sandwich.Sexy Atmosphere Yes! But there are too many closed restaurants in Scottsdale to rely on atmosphere and high prices.
5	bar none the best meal to be had in Scottsdale.full disclosure: I'm not a chronic yelper - so if I'm taking the time to yelp, it's not mere hyperbole. perhaps you won't find the read to be quick - but at the very least, helpful.please note: this is not mexican, rather a south american / latin restaurant. So, although you should enjoy a perfectly executed margarita - don't come here expecting sombreros and chimmichangas.the vibe: wonderfully dark - possibly romantic depending on your company - I might even go so far as to suggest it as chic.the food: table side guacamole, fresh, tasty and lovingly prepared. a quad tasting of salsas. each unique from its brethren. and not just the usual temperature shift, rather each highlighting its respective complex notes of flavor. PORK SHOULDER TACOS. Ridiculous and insanely delicious. Succulent, moist meat that shreds at the mere sight of a fork. tiny homemade tortillas (perhaps the best i have had) sit atop salt bricks. these are ready to be filled with fresh cilantro, micro diced red onion, pearly white cheese and finished with a drizzle of barbecue sauce. Although sheer gluttony would have dictated that i finish this dish alone - I shared it with my wife as it was "for two". It was absolutely enough portion for both. Our server was attentive, and quick to replenish tortillas and the aforementioned fixings. dessert - although the name escapes me... I won't soon forget this luxe pumpkin bread pudding soaking in a bath of carmely butterscotch. My wife and I found ourselves mirthful and giggling at our good fortune - as if we were in on something private and a little too good... kind of like finding $100 on the ground and smiling at the sight of no one around as you stuff the bills in your front pocket.the service: Our server, Hartley was super chill - knowledgeable - attentive - respectful - helpful - and kind. I mention kind, because of his response when I expressed to him my disappointment with the experience. Disappointment in the fact that I'll probably never be in Scottsdale again - and therefore never dine at the mission. He passed that sentiment along to the chef, who in turn flipped us an additional dessert: a crazy cinnamon milkshake with dark, warmed sugar-cinnamon dough thingies on the side. Wow.A PERFECT dining experience.Tip: save your money on an upscale place like Lon's at Hermosa and go to the Mission two or three times for the same price.
4	very solid. great cocktails, especially if you like tequila (i do). tasty nuevo latino treats. duck empenadas (if i remember right) were ridiculously good. casual but upscale, with attentive bar service. fun.
5	This is not a quick read, but fun-Memorial Day Weekend was spent in the Scottsdale area this year. The girls and I got to AZ and instantly needed Mexican Food. They being from Los Angeles and me from San Francisco. We met some friends at the pool and one of them recommended The Mission, as his good friend Brian owned the place, of course we went.Upon entering the Goth meets Catholic Church (in a GOOD WAY), adorned place we were seated immediately and greeted by what must be the BEST staff in Scottsdale. Noah the BRAVE and Brilliant was our server-one word-AWESOME!We were asked if we wanted drinks and while hemming and hawing about it, Noah recommended the Sangria. I ordered the White, because I KNOW about White Sangria, and two others in our party of 4 ordered the red. Soon they were sipping off OUR White Sangria and asking for replacements. It's not AT ALL that the red is not tasty, its that the White, is INDESCRIBABLE. wait...I'm yelping, I HAVE to describe it. It's like a Mango-Citrus Adult Starburst Candy! Next came the ordering...I have NO idea what the other two ordered but we got the Pork Shoulder Tacos for two. OH MY GOD! SO good. The meat is perfectly tender and the corn tortillas are served on what I believe to be a heated stone. We had the Corn Tortillas, home made and RIDICULOUSLY good. Noah then brought us a side of the Black Bean Puree with sofrito + smoked ham hocks, AND the White Bean Puree with cotija + cumin + arugula + tomato. Both are delicious and hearty enough that you could get one of each and share.We were so impressed with our meal that night that we returned the next night, with our Scottsdale Pals-Palmer, Mister (aka Turbo/Sprinkler), and Ben. We were greeted by the friendly, down to earth and very HIP Brian Raab-owner. They were packed to the gills on a Saturday night Holiday Weekend but the bar had this GREAT Gothic Marble (?) family style table and we were seated there to wait for our "real" table. We never moved! BEST seat in the house for party's of 6 or more. "Mission B.R" (we give EVERYONE nicknames in Scottsdale)-the owner of this TRUE Gem of Scottsdale-, started to answer our questions about the menu, and then just said, "you know what guys, if there are no food allergies, let me just bring you some stuff". OKAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY...yes we did.....Out First: Just a FEW of the dishes brought to us, NOT kidding!-Lettuce Wraps (don't know if these are on the menu but they should be! A hint of what I think might have been Peanut Sauce is gorgeously delicious)-Mission Fries-SO fun and different.-Duck Carnitas Empanada-Topped with Foie Gras. THIS was by far my favourite starter. It was like Puff Pastry Perogies with Gravy and Rich decadent Foie Gras to top it off.Mini Tostadas-Precious tasty tapas.Shrimp Anticuchos-With a sauce to die for.Pork Confit -which was sincerely the most amazing texture and taste. This was almost reminiscent of baby back ribs with "CRISP' to them-NO bones in this Confit, which according to MIssion B.R. is cooked all day in oil. Yesssssssssss. ALL starter portions are HUGE-by San Francisco standards- and to be honest I was full after just the starters. Main Courses: Just a few of them.-Malbec Braised Short Ribs-Decadent Pork FEAST with a Malbec sauce that I had to ask for the recipe. I was not given it ;) -Pork Shoulder- SO supple and luscious, yeah I said it- I think this MIGHT be The Mission's Signature Dish. Pork FEAST! Porkalicious!-Chilean Salmon-This dish was smokey and mild and sat atop a. sweet/savory bean puree and light cream sauce. Buttery texture with perfectly carmalized edges. For fish lovers this dish is a must.-Uruguayan Filet-I don't think anyone got any of this because Turbo and I ate the WHOLE thing. One of the most inventive and original tasting Filet Mignon dishes I have ever had. VERY impressive.Desserts- I actually didn't taste any of these as I am allergic to sugar-SUX! However, if there were a sound feature on Yelp our table would have sounded like a porn movie.-Espresso Churros-Sounded like-ummm, ohhhhh, JESUS, oh Christmas Baby Jesus these are good.-Fried Bananas-Sounded like-moan, smack, slurp....-A Brownie, Ice Cream, Chocolate Wet Dream thing.-Sounded like- HOLY GOD ALMIGHTY, oh oh oh oh oh oh HOOHHOHOHOHOHO GOD-DON'T STOP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!So, in conclusion, if you happen to be in the Scottsdale area, EVER, The Mission is a must. They even have Fernet! Thanks Brian for a night to remember. AND Arizona men are the BEST. LOVE YOU PALMER, MISTER and BEN!!!!
5	Holy Shit. If 'the mission' of The Mission is to serve the best brunch in town...then...Mission easily accomplished. We went here for the weekend brunch the other day and our socks were completely knocked off by how amazing it was. To start...it's just such a quaint and unique restaurant. The salt bricks...the old chandeliers...the antique furniture...it all makes you feel like you've stept into some fine dining establishment in a South American town.Food was AMAZING. To start the chips were fresh and crispy and the salsa tasted almost like it had just been made minutes ago. We then ordered a Black Bean Arepa with fries and a Cinnamon Almond Waffle. The BBA was delectable...two freshly made thick corn tortillas with egg, cheese, black beans, and peppers...it really hit the spot. The fries were a mix of regular and sweet potato, and honestly are some of the best fries I've had in recent memory. Thin, crunchy and fresh tasting. The waffle was also sent from heaven...drizzled with candied almonds, cinnamon, cream, and topped with cinnamon ice cream. It was basically a wedding of breakfast and dessert in all the right ways. Top top it all off...this all came out to a mere 19 bucks. Unbelievable. Incredible value for your money when you're eating at a nice place like this. You could easily go spend the same amount of money at Denny's for God's sake. It wasn't very busy when we were there and I'm not sure why. I'm guessing this place is more hoppin' around dinner time, and I can't wait to try their dinner menu. You've been warned though...you're missing out big time if you don't try brunch here. If they stop serving it due to a lack of demand, I might just explode like the dude at the end of Big Trouble in Little China. GO HERE. 5/5.
4	Tried this Latin American spot with out-of-town guests for the first time this weekend and I definitely plan to return. The Mission would be a great place for date night; it's upscale without being pretentious, and the low-lighting, candles, and chandeliers provide a nice, sexy atmosphere. We started with the tableside guacamole, which was incredible! Flavorful and creamy, with a great smoky heat from the chipotle. Hands down beats all the other guacamole I've had in town - including Barrio Cafe's - and I'm quite the guac snob because I make a mean version of it myself. The drinks were great too, we just had a couple rounds of house margaritas which were refreshing and on the strong side, but I'm looking forward to trying other margaritas from their extensive drink menu upon my return. The staff was friendly, prompt, attractive, unobtrusive - pretty much everything I look for in servers. Service was a tad on the slow side, but that didn't bother me because I was enjoying the food and company and it was a Friday night after all. I had the fish tacos which were crunchy and inventive, and also a relatively normal-sized portion. I know I'm in the minority in our indulgent society, but I appreciate it when a plate of food arrives that doesn't overwhelm/disgust me with its sheer magnitude. One of my dinner companions had a pork dish and said it was the best cooked pork he'd had in a long time so I'm sure you can't go wrong with their pork dishes, either. I definitely recommend The Mission. It's not your traditional Mexican fare, but it's a great Latin American alternative when you're looking for something beyond your typical burrito, in a cozy, intimate environment.
5	Where do I begin?  Way too many to list so I'll do a checklist.Decor? Very well done and tasteful.Service? It rocks.  Attentive, knowledgeable and friendly.Food? Tasteful, creative, yummy!Worst thing which was still acceptable was the parking.I cannot explain to you how much I love this place and everything about it.  Read my reviews of my other favorite restaurants The Tuck Shop and NOCA and add this in the top 3.  I digress.  The guacamole made at your table kicks fucking ass!  Absurd how flavorful and you pick your own ingredients to make it how you want it.  I also like the fact that the patrons are in more than Tommy Bahama and khaki shorts.  Thank you Jesus for people giving consideration to not wearing the same attire they left the baseball game in.  If you are a foodie or restaurant afficiando, this is your new place.  Oh and by the way, no out of place looking people.  Call me superficial but this place feels right, is right and is the CHIZNIT!  peace out....
5	Love, love, love this place. The food is excellent - especially the pork shoulder dishes. The services is quick and friendly. And the owner who we met at my birthday was a delight. I highly recommend this "hidden" gem.
4	The more I think about it, the more enthusiastic I become about The Mission. We had lunch there yesterday since I wanted to try someplace new and I'd read good reviews. It's "new Latin" cuisine, brought to you by the people behind the successful Zinc Bistro, Matt Carter and Terri Ellisor.     The setting is lovely. It's housed in one of the outbuildings of the blindingly white old Mission Church in Old Town Scottsdale. You walk through an attractive fireplace'd patio and into the aroma of fire- grilled meats and romantic darkness (even at lunch). Unfortunately, you're assaulted by the background music which was very loud and distracting.  There's an interesting back-lit wall of orange and beige Himalayan salt blocks (actually I thought they were fake bricks until I read differently - gauche me). Lots of fancy chandeliers hang from the black ceiling, casting only a little light on the faux finished ochre walls and the somewhat crowded dark topped tables. Our server, Derek, added to the ambience - he was attractove, attentive and knowledgeable about the menu. Many of our south-of-the-border neighbors are represented on it: Mexico of course, Ecuador, Peru, Columbia, Venezuela, Uruguay, Cuba,and probably some I've missed.      I ordered a Cubano torta, one of my favorite grilled sandwiches with pork belly, smoked ham, swiss cheese, pickle, dijon and yucca ($12). The pork belly was meltingly tender.  Surprisingly, the torta did not come with a side, which struck me as pretty chintzy for the $12 price, but that was okay because I had to try the Creamy Grits ($8). Ken chose the Pabellon Arepas ($12). An arepa is a cross between a pancake and an english muffin. It's made out of a special pre-cooked corn meal, water and a little salt. First it's fried on a griddle, then it can be baked in the oven for a while where it rises a little and becomes less dense. It's then split, sometimes some of the interior is scooped out, and then it's filled with whatever delicacy strikes your fancy. In this case the arepa contained braised beef, peppers, black beans, cotija cheese, and fried plantains. So good. I spent an hour today googling arepas recipes and plan to go in search of the special corn meal tomorrow. The only disappointing (actually downright bad) thing on Ken's plate were the french fries, a mixture of white and sweet potatoes. They were supposed to have been sprinkled with lime and cumin, but they weren't, and also they were sadly limp. But OMG, the grits!!!! These were made with the addition of chipotle powder, butter, honey, and cotija cheese. They were on the spicy side, but the heat was moderated by the honey. The color was kind of a cross between pink and salmon (at least that's how it looked in the dim light), which made it even more interesting to eat. $8 for a good sized bowl which I proceeded to eat pretty much by myself as the grits were too spicy for everybody else (this was fortunate, because I really don't know if I would have been able to bring myself to share).     Our friend Ernest had a Skewered Grill Prawn Salad ($14), with arugula, yuzu vinaigrette, avocado, potato and orange sections. He said the prawns were nicely cooked but were somewhat too spicy for his taste. Anna ordered a chicken arepa ($12) with chorizo, corn, aji amarillo (the menu doesn't tell you, but this is a hot yellow chili pepper from South America - be warned), and Oaxaca cheese. While she didn't complain, I have the feeling she would have been happier without the pepper. The food here really isn't for the faint of heart (or heat). I don't know if the kitchen would be able or willing to tone it down for you, but it's worth asking.        But the desserts won everybody over. We tried the Pumpkin Bread Pudding ($6), which is composed of pumpkin bread, creme brulee, a butterscotch sauce loaded with Scotch, pepitas, and topped with Berto's cinnamon gelato. To die for, not to mention get drunk on. The Fried Bananas ($7) were terrific, too, served with butter, nutmeg, peanuts, and a dollop of peanut butter mousse.     Go on line to see the dinner menu. It's expensive, most of the entrees are in the $20+ range, but they sound fabulous. The Mission is, for me, one of the most exciting restaurants I've been to in a long time, and I'm grateful for it. But especially for the grits!
5	I love this place!  Love, love, love...
5	We LUUUUV this restaurant. Where do I start......fresh fruit margaritas and I am not taking about boring Strawberry Margs. We had Watermelon, Basil and Lime Marg and also tried the Spicy Banana Blueberry Marg! WOW!!! Everyone in the Restaurant was ordering the Guacamole, made fresh at your table ( my husband is not an avocado fan, so I just watched everyone else enjoy with envy ) We ordered the Pork Shoulder Tacos, Crispy Pork Belly Appetizer, and could not resist ordering two desserts. The Pumpkin Bread Pudding and the Chocolate Churros with a Espresso Milkshake! Our next plan is to join them for Sunday Brunch! I was told my the waitress that they also own the Zinc Bistro in Keirland so I cant wait to try Zinc out too!
4	I love a place that has excellent food, impeccable service and is in no way snooty. In Scottsdale I normally have my guard up at upscale restaurants, but this place totally put me at ease. I made reservations, which I would highly recommend since the dining area is surprisingly small. The decor is nice, a little on the dark side, but they have this cool wall around the kitchen of back-lit glass that provides just enough light. The cocktail list looked good, but opted for the red sangria, which was pretty good. For appetizers, we had the crispy cola pork belly. If you get nothing else, get this! The texture and flavors were amazing. We also had the duck empanada which was flaky and good, but the pork belly won hands down in the appetizer round. The Chorizo Porchetta was really flavorful and the meat was so tender you could eat it with a spoon. The white bean puree was our favorite side. We also got the creamy grits, there was just something off about these I couldn't put my finger on. The were slightly sour and only a little spicy. I kept eating them thinking they would get better, nope. The other thing we had were the scallops. The sauce was excellent and the scallops were cooked perfectly. The serrano ham on the scallops was a bit too crispy, and crumbled like bacon when I tried to cut it, I was trying to get a bit in every bite.For dessert, the churros and milkshake finished things off well. Not too much, just right.
5	I crave the Mission daily! I have been quite a regular of this unique Latin American restaurant and cannot wait to go back and experience more dishes. I enjoy starting with the Cheese Plate. Let me tell you, this is no ordinary cheese plate. The dish is a mixture of Yucca bread, Peruvian aji, apples with warm honey, and more. Extremely tasty. I enjoyed the Almejas al Vapor (Peruvian seafood stew), skirt steak tacos, and now my new favorite pollo a la brasa. The chicken is marinated in red aji rocotto (spicy) and served on top of a mixture of french fries and sweet potato fries. The entire staff here is always knowledgeable and will make the best recommendation. Thank you Brian, one of the owners, for always making myself and my guests feel welcome.
5	I have a client that had mentioned this place a couple times as one of her favorite restaurants. I recently made it in myself and had a great experience. Noah was our server, he made great suggestions and was totally patient with us, GREAT service! We started with the Blood Orange margarita's that were amazing! Followed those with the tableside guacamole that was equally fantastic. I had the fish tacos... they blew Wahoo's out of the water, plus the presentation was beautiful. To finish out the night we had the pumpkin bread pudding and the chocolate dessert of the evening... Unbelievable! I am so glad I don't live closer or I would eat the bread pudding every day! This is a great place for food, ambiance and service with friends or for date night. Noah mentioned their brunch and I hope to check that out too! Love it!
4	Father Escalante meet Soho.  Not since Desperado has Old Mexico looked this cool.  With the exception of the out of place house music, the fusion was executed to perfection.  I echo the sentiments of many on Yelp regarding the service.  Our waiter was knowledgeable, helpful, and passionate about the menu.  The menu?  Every dish on the menu stood out, making selection a difficult task indeed.We ordered some tacos. While they were on the light side, in terms of portion, every bite was was brimming with flavor.  The Kobe dog was underwhelming.  It is difficult to make a $12 hot dog taste that much better than its $2 street equivalent.  We were just there for a quick lunch but rest assured we will be devoting more time to thoroughly explore the menu and to indulge in that pumpkin bread pudding.
4	Oh, the decor. This place is worth a visit just to see what can be done architecturally with salt blocks. Apparently they use them for cooking and serving as well. I know because, as I was trying to coax my husband into the ladies' room to look at how they finished the walls (really), we were intercepted by Brian (one of the owners I think) who filled us in on the design features.  He even checked the men's room for occupants before ushering me in to see the paint job in there. Our waiter was totally helpful when we asked about the beef anticuchos appetizer in our best canadian-billy  accents. This is an excellent appi. I totally recommend. Back to the waiter, he didn't even laugh when my husband wanted the Mahi Mahi tacos but ordered the "Ahi-Ahi tackos "(rhymes with rack-o. I know it's not a word.) Excellent also -- with sweet pickled peppers sliced on top. Not your average fish taco. We ate four of these lovely things between the two of us. They're really good but really small, so don't share a plate. See, that's we do, we're usually overwhelmed by the portion size at most restaurants and have learned to just order an appetizer and share a meal. Then we're usually sated. If not, it's time for dessert. For dessert, I had a coconut margarita. With pineapple juice and bits of toasted coconut, it was very tasty and still had a smooth tequila flavor (which I relish). The only thing keeping this from a five star-rating was the small portion size. We were almost home when my dude took a left instead of a right and pulled into the McDonald's drive-through. He then ordered a Big Mac and a Double Double (whatever that means) with fries. I was flummoxed and kind of scolded him with - why didn't you just order some more good food at The Mission rather than eating this garbage?.Then I held the warm bag and smelled the fries. I ate all of them before we pulled into our diveway. So, I guess I was still hungry too but dazzled with the design and on my best behavior after getting busted for trying to sneak my guy into the girl's room.It was a great dining experience - I highly recommend it. Just don't share.
4	I'll admit.... after reading so many "stellar" Yelp reviews, we were swayed to dine here.We dined on a weekday evening  -- so we didn't get to experience the "best brunch in town" per Krashawnda N. Dang it! Now we're gonna have to go here again, after re-reading her review. :)Hubby and I ordered: Mahi Mahi tacos  $14Chicken tacos   $12Mission fries  $6Mission Margarita  $7Food was good... I wouldn't say "AMAZING"... but maybe I had the wrong expectations. First of all the tacos were shockingly smaller than expected. Three tacos per plate, and per another reviewer they truly were about 2" across. However, they did taste divine.... (at least mine did, the chicken tacos). And honestly, now that I'm finished... any more and I would have been uncomfortably full. But the Mahi Mahi tacos were actually battered... we were not expecting that. And the batter was a medium coat - not thin or thick. Still edible. My margarita was definitely tasty!I really enjoyed the ambiance.... it was definitely an upscale "Latin American" restaurant. Beautiful dark chandeliers, gorgeous illuminated salt block wall, dark hardwood floors... No complaints about the service. We were greeted right away and also immediately had water served to us, when we were sat. And likewise the server was appropriately attentive. All in all, we spent about $50 for some smaller-portioned plates -- which was more than we typically spend for dinner lately. But we had a good time.... I think it you're looking for more of a "value", this place might be better on the weekends for the brunch.
5	We were in search of a unique AZ-esque restaurant to take some clients to for dinner. Someone recommended we try The Mission for it's delicious food and amazing atmosphere, and we were certainly steered in the right direction. The Mission, aptly named to coincide with it's old Spanish mission style decor is a beautiful restaurant tucked away in Old Town Scottsdale. This "hidden" gem was packed with dinner-goers on a Tuesday night. The chandeliers speckled about the ceiling were enough to make me want to move in, but it was the table-side guacamole that sealed the deal. One guest in our group said that he had always hated guacamole and that this appetizer changed his life. Listen to him. Try it. You'll never want it anywhere else again. Often when you start on such a high note, there is bound to be disappointment later on. Not the case at the Mission. We ordered an array of appetizers to start, and the street corn was literally one of the best dishes I've ever had. Served on a stick...just like you would find at your favorite street vendor, the corn was the highlight of the dinner for me. Following our appetizers came halibut, skirt steak tacos, salads and more. Everyone RAVED about their entrees and the only letdown was that we didn't have enough room for the churros at the end of the night. The Mission has become one of my favorite restaurants in Phx. If you are celebrating something special give them a call and the friendly hostesses will set you up at a prime table and ensure you have dessert...with sparklers! I'll be celebrating here for years to come.
5	Finally with help of Kevin V. I made my way to The Mission.  OMG I have been missing out.  I had first tried a tasting of a soup at the Yelp event at Botanical gardens and have wanted to go ever since.  So I had a half day at work today and decided it was the perfect day to go in for a few beers and a bite.  We started off with the grilled corn which was amazing and  full of flavor, then we had the chips and salsa which were great as well.  On to the main course I had the Almejas Al Vapor which is to DIE FOR.  Seriously one of the best soups I have had EVER.  I saw many items on the menu I totally have to come back for especially the duck empenada and the pig roast on Sundays.  Thank you Mission for making me a future repeat customer.
5	Must have the Crispy Pork appetizer. I have dreams about it!
5	If you ever have the distinct pleasure of being in Scottsdale as I was please stop by The Mission and request that "SAM" be your waiter. My wife and I received the best service we have ever received from "SAM". "SAM" is the most personable waiter I've ever had in my life. I would return  to The Mission every time I'm in Scottsdale!!! Not only was "SAM" great but the food was excellent. The chicken tacos were mouth watering. The margarita was excellent, Hat's off to the bartender and last but not least the Pumpkin Bread pudding that was recommended was so good I could have slapped my Mama!!! No, but really.. I'm not that crazy. I don't even like pumpkin but this was excellent with the gelato.... I can't wait to come back to Scottsdale in November just to return to The Mission and I will call to make sure that "SAM" is there.
5	Best tacos I've ever had, hands down.  Also the smallest, but that's okay because they were so damn good.  They were perfect.The Mission does a wonderful job of combining various Latin cultures' cuisine into a dish to make it their own.  I got the chicken tacos, which sounds boring, but they were extraordinary.  They are served with an aji amarillo sauce.  Aji is a common Peruvian pepper, which has a wonderful and unique flavor, but I've never seen it on tacos before, since tacos aren't part of Peru's cuisine.  That's what I love about this place--they married the Mexican and Peruvian cultures and made something delightful out of the union.  I can't wait for an opportunity to go back and try their arepas.  The pabellon has my mouth watering already!
5	I'm not sure I'd go so far as to say that The Mission is "as good as it gets" like the five star rating suggests, BUT this place is pretty damn good. I've read some mixed reviews, and was hesitant about spending the money and hitting an off night, but when my wife and I ate here it was fantastic! The entry way through the open courtyard is very inviting, the decor and lighting is classic and dark, yet hip and upbeat at the same time. The music does have a surprising range to it, but it all worked for us and it actually added another side to the dining experience that you don't usually find. It FELT like a night out at a lounge and that's what we were going for. The service was top notch: our server was knowledgeable and friendly, and the food came on time but not too fast. Gave us just enough time in between to enjoy our drinks (I recommend the Caiprihina... I had three and they are super tasty, especially in the hot weather). The manager or owner even came by at one point to ask how everything was. The food was delicious, and just like others have said, there are so many things to choose from! We had three dishes from the tapas menu and combined they were plenty of food for us both. We had the duck empenadas, some kind of flat gorditas, and one of the pork belly selections. My favorite was the pork, and although the duck was good, the dough on the outside was a bit too thick and overwhelmed the filling a bit. The flavors were wonderful though, and we left very satisfied and not one regret about the price. Stop by for a fun night out!
4	The Mission bills itself as a modern Latin restaurant inspired by cuisines of Spain, Mexico, Central and South America utilizing French cooking techniques. What does this mean? Expect the unexpected. If you don't have the cojones to try something new, this may not be the place for you. Tip! - if you're not sure about something on the menu, ask plenty of questions, more on that later. Despite arriving 10 minutes prior to my reserved time we were quickly seated and our server came right over to take our drink order. The house margarita's were good enough to make me vow to never again drink a margarita made from that premixed high fructose crap. I have officially kicked that habit. The first course was a Peruvian clam stew, otherwise known as "Almejas Al Vapor". Incredible! Imagine the best soup de poisson you've ever had now add that to the best posole you've ever had and turn all that into a thick, creamy stew and voila! - you've got yourself one amazing dish. A perfect amount of spiciness, yet you don't even realize it because of all the other amazing flavors lurking within. Second course was the chorizo porchetta with white bean puree. Basically, a very tender braised pork shoulder wrapped around a small piece of Mexican sausage. This dish was very good but not great, and I blame myself. The meat had a fairly strong smoky flavor which I personally don't care for. This might be due to the mesquite fired Plancha grill that I'm just not used to. However, I can see how others with an alternative palate would adore this dish. Again, this was my fault, I should have asked the server "what does it taste like" before ordering. For desert I had the espresso churros with ibarra chocolate milkshake. The milkshake was great, the churros on the other hand were a bit overcooked, dare I say... charred. A good churro is crispy on the outside and soft and chewy in the center. Granted, this will be very difficult for The Mission because their churros are very thin. For a churro of this size, there's probably a fine line between a limp piece of greasy dough or a brittle, black stick of coal. After dinner the server brought each of us a shot of tequila. A nice gesture as she knew that it was a going away meal for my dinner companion who is moving to Texas. As a whole, the experience at The Mission was excellent. Highly recommended.
5	As a "die-hard" foodie that spends way too much of his income eating out...I'll state emphatically that The Mission is one of those very special places that only comes along once in a long while.  Matt Carter has an unbelievable palate for flavor and a creative approach to his menu and presentations that are so unique - his food just should not be missed!  Complimenting that, GM Brian Raab and his team execute service flawlessly with just the right balance of informal poise and professionalism.  They have great passion and it shows in all the details.
5	loved it...
2	What the truck, chuck? el servicio - no buenola comida - no me gustala decoracion - una estrellala margarita - una estrella
2	Restaurant Week Review:The food was good, and we happened to go on sunday with half off wine but the problem was that the restaurant week offerings were a "tasting menu".  That is not how any other restaurant did it, that is not how the online menu depicted the meals, and small tapas sized dishes do not count as "courses".  For what we got it was hugely over-priced.  $29 for 2 appetizers and a miniature dessert. 50 other restaurants around town managed to make full meals fit into the $29 price point.   If you can't follow the theme of the event, don't participate.  One of the reasons we chose The Mission was that a drink was included.  We assumed it was a glass of wine.  Well, it was actually about 2 ounces of a frozen margarita.  Take away the ice and you have about a teaspoon of tequila.  Thanks!  They should have used a thimble  as the icon for their drink on the Restaurant week list.      I got duck carnitas for "course 1".  It was 3 quarter sized gorditas.  (I am not exaggerating the small size)  It was tasty but if I wanted hors d'oeurvres I would go to a cocktail party.  My gf got a Rock Shrimp Salad which was small but decent too.  For appetizer 2 I got the Pork Shoulder and she got the Grouper.  I got maybe 2 oz of meat and she got maybe 3 ounces of fish.  Both were good, but not satisfying.  For appetizer 3 (dessert edition) we got the churros with a chocolate shake which was 4 pinky sized churros with about 3 sips of a milkshake.  I think I could have stored the entire amount in the straw.  The gf got Pastel de Almendra which I don't remember how it was.  Wasn't great, wasn't bad.  Of the 4 places we tried for Restaurant week, this place came in last.  Food wasn't as good as the others (Avalon, Wildfish, Papas Tapa Frita) and obviously the hobbit portions were not in the spirit of the event.  I'll stick to the other places that sacrificed a little profit margin in order to gain a new customer Vs this place trying to find a way to take as much money as possible while doling out the least amount of food pleasure.
4	Very nice little place with character near old towne.  It was busy on a Saturday, sat at the bar, and had a little meal.  Mango jicama salad, halibut, and pumpkin bread pudding.  All very good but the bread pudding was incredible.  It was funny because the bartender said my name when I sat down and said that such and such was expecting me.  She gave me a free glass of wine all while I'm confused.  She came back and said woops I guess you're not such n such.  However, same first name.  I told her no biggie and that I wanted to pay for the glass because it wasn't necessary.  She was beyond cool and still wanted to buy me the glass but since it was the end of the bottle (still 3/4 full) she gave me another full glass right after.  Then after a while a ordered a different red and had that as well.  Man, I was full and happy but had to figure out a way to fit that dessert down my gullet.  I did, no surprise.  Will be back.
4	Awesome tequila list.  Good decor and mood lighting.
5	Great food! The guacamole was soo good. The pickled peppers were amazing! Great service!The only problem I had was the protestors outside showing us how there duck was prepared. There were  about 15 protestors handing out pamphlets on the cruelty to ducks in the preparation of one of their signature dinners. I was appalled by the brochure I was handed after my meal. Thank god I don't eat duck or participate in the manner that these animals are treated.  I would recommend The Mission. But maybe they should re think the duck course prepared. It almost ruined my meal thinking about it. No animal deserves to be tortured alive for human consumption.  Back to vegetarianism for me....
4	I wish I could give 3.5 stars.  I do love the flavor of the food, but the portions-- particularly on the tacos-- are pretty small for the price.  However, they make the guacamole for you right there at the table, and it's $9, but it's totally worth it.  I am a guacamole fiend, and I would say it's the best I've had so far in Scottsdale.That being said, I have to say the bad:  1.  Parking not great.  2.  When we showed up, they gave our table to another couple right in front of us, even though we had reservations.  3.  They had run out of menus, so we had to wait for them... for over 20 minutes.  4.  I was most looking forward to trying the Texas grits, and when they didn't show up, I asked our server about them, and he told me he was sorry, but they were out of them.  That's fine, but I wish he had told me sooner.However, again, the personality of the server was nice and accomodating, and the flavor of the food at The Mission is delicious.
5	Wonderful! The decor is great - the food is imaginative - the drinks are creative! To start, our bartender was a treat. He gave us samples of his signature margaritas and we loved the flavors - and we're not froufrou margarita lovers. I love the blood orange marg! The margaritas alone are worth a trip to the Mission. The front patio was very inviting and cozy with a fireplace as the centerpiece. Perfect for a balmy Arizona fall evening. Yes, the food portions seem small, but the flavors are so full & rich that we were all full afterward. Salsa, freshly made guacamole, clam stew, skirt steak & chicken tacos, and pork belly fajitas were all amazing. The "medium" guacamole was a bit mild for my taste but very tasty. All in all it was a party for the taste buds! Service - it was a very busy Saturday night and they were packed, but they got us a table on the patio without a reservation within about 10 minutes. Our server was attentive and informative but not intrusive or over friendly. We were quite happy with the service. Prices - perhaps they are high, but for the quality and inventive flavors the prices are in line. This is not your neighborhood Mexican restaurant after all. For 5 of us with appetizer, meals and multiple generous drinks the total was $140. Not bad for a unique evening!Parking - there's a huge lot just across the street and another parking garage right behind the restaurant.  It's certainly not a problem to walk a block, especially on a relaxing fall evening.
5	Unbelievable Pork Shoulder Tacos & the Tableside Guacamole is out of this world. I have recommended this restaurant to many of my foodie friends & they have all raved about it. Going back tonite for my third time.......Yay!!
4	Checked it out today for the all you can eat pork tacos.  They roast a pig in the oven for eight hours and then start serving at 12p and go until the food is gone.  Yum.The menu looked really good and the place is really cool and in a great location.  My only gripe was the cost of the food.  Really?
4	41/2.  Love this place.  As a rule, if you go to places that get 4 or more on Yelp then you're typically safe and very good.  This is no exception.  The pork for two is so good.  The black and white bean sides are delicious.  Next time I have to get the guacamole made fresh, people around us had it and loved it.  The various bartenders I've met here are all very good and honest about the wine list.  The best red I believe is the first one of the red portion of the list.  Forgot what it was but very good.  I almost ordered something else, they gave me a taste and it wasn't my style, offered this other wine.  Fabulous stuff.  The restaurant is packed on weekends and the atmosphere is fun.  Going back for a business lunch tomorrow, can't wait.
5	We gave it a 9, so we will make that 5-, 4,5 stars.    To start with it's just beautiful and we lucked out to be outside, under the heater next to the roaring fireplace. The service could not have been better and thanks to our YELPing friends, we hardly needed a menu.   The Portugese clam soup was "souper" though on the salty side. The pork belly was "off the hook" and the steak tacos were tops too! We gave the dishes, 9, 9.5 and 9.5 respectivley.  Margaritas were awesome, Smokehouse and Pomogranite but it was a short glass.      It's been a long time since we had a solid 9. Thanks guys! Oh and the table guac is a must. PS if you get he bread pudding, get the sauce on the side. It's over the top sweet. My pancreas is running laps right now!
1	If you prefer a "hip" atmosphere to good food, you might like this place
5	Eat here.Ate here last night, a group of 5.  Pretty colonial mexican decor with beautiful chandeliers one of my dining partners wanted to steal. Server was very young, but knew the menu well. Home made chips and salsa.  Not much you can do with chips and salsa, but they were not...ummm...cold.Had the $12 guacamole.  A lot like Barrio's Guac.  Table side preparation, like in Rocky Point.  People rant and rave online about the guacamole here.   It's good and all, but come on, it's f...ing guacamole.  Should have ordered the cheese plate.Duck Carnitas Empanada.  That shit was good!  I wanted to lick my plate, but the bourbon and tequila had not yet kicked in, so I used my finger.  Crispy Cola Pork.  Yummy.  The chiltepin made it spicy.  It was a fancy lettuce wrap, and it was delicious.  Chipotle Caesar.  A fresh break of greenery between the meat dishes.  A little heavy on the dressing.Pork shoulder Tacos. The meat was the star.  Silly vegetarians can eat all the salad in the world, because that leaves more pork for me.  My wife and I enjoyed the roasted pork without the little tortilla, just dipping it in the mexican BBQ sauce that was served along side.Chimmichurri Marinated Hanger Steak.  Not a lot of chimmichurri flavor here, but the tomatillo sauce on the side was super savory and yummy.  Tequila and beer and bourbon were making me tingle, so I did lick my plate when no one was looking.  Will eat here again.  A lot like Deseo in the Westin at Kierland, and also like  Barrio.Good fancy latin cuisine.  Excellent service.  Good value for the money.Eat here.
5	The meal at The Mission was AMAZING!  The only thing I regret is not having more room in my stomach to eat more.  We started with the Grilled Street Corn and the Crispy Cola Pork.  Both were flavorful, unique, and worthy of being ordered again.  For my entree, I ordered the Sopa de Elote (I wasn't too hungry) and my husband ordered the Chorizo Porchetta.  True to the starters, these entrees were unlike anything we had tried before, and they left us wanting more.We ended with the pumpkin bread pudding which can only be described as God's gift to bread pudding.  It was rich, decadent, and had me wanting to like the plate.  This place is a must try!
4	I was on a mission to cure the lonely condition of my stomach.  Well, maybe it was a dinner with some clients.  Either way, I found myself at the Mission for the first time and quite liked it.Staff took fantastic care of us, and the food was tangy and tasty. We had the table-made guac, and I snagged some of their Fantasma (?) sauce made from Ghost peppers to spice it up. Spice it up indeed. Woo!  Mahi-Mahi tacos also had a bit of a kick, and we ordered them grilled so they were quite light.  Washed it all down with a few Agave Margaritas.Not cheap, but well worth it. I shall be returning!
4	Best table made guacamole ever. Bit pricy, but the atmosphere and food were top notch. (~90 with 20% tip for 2 people w/ wine and an app).
4	Added to my list: Yelp made me do it!Great atmosphere and excellent food. Friendly staff - even offered me a blanket for my lap since we were dining outside near the fireplace.Definitely get the grilled corn app. I've had it at other places and this is one of the best preparations.
4	This was our second trip to the Mission. We were here in February 2010 and were wow-ed by the great service and the fantastic guacamole the first time around. We made a point to go back this time and were equally wow-ed. We went for a late afternoon lunch and we had the table-side-prepared guacamole. I had the chicken tacos and my friend had the steak tacos. These were small but, as it turns out, a perfect portion to accompany the pile of guacamole we snarfed. Despite the small size of the tacos they were quite flavorful and, again, plenty of food for an afternoon lunch.
4	YUM! My boyfriend has been here several times while in town for business so he wanted to take me here while I was in town visiting. I can definitely see why! I love Mexican food and this was top notch. We started off with the street corn, and it was SO delicious. The corn was so fresh and the kernels were huge! The sauce on top was super tasty and I couldnt get enough. We didnt have the tableside Guacamole, but I thought the $12 was a little steep. For lunch, I had the Mahi Mahi tacos and my boyfriend had the Pork Belly tacos. Both were amazing. The size of my fish was huge! My boyfriends was very fresh tasting with the grilled pineapple on top. We also had the Chips and Salsa and the salsa had a chipotle taste to it, which we both enjoyed. It wasnt a cheap lunch that is for sure, but the food is super good and the portions were  a decent size. We left lunch pretty stuffed! I would love to come back for dinner some night, the courtyard out back is so cute!
2	Very disappointed. The restaurant is very dark. I have decent eyesight but needed to use the candles on the table to see the menu. My poor parents needed to ask for a flashlight, which the hostess already was carrying. That just goes to prove that they know it is too dark in the restaurant for some people to read the menu. . . or even see the food. My sister and her husband ordered the pork shoulder tacos. They liked them very much. But, they also admitted that the pork should tacos are the only thing they will order on the menu. Mission- there are your two stars!My parents ordered chicken tacos and asked they be mild. They weren't mild.  My mother could barely eat them. Thanks for listening Ms. Waitress. I ordered the a soup that the waitress said would be very hearty. The soup  tasted. . . well, it had no taste.  It was like watery broth with tasteless pork at the bottom. Not good and not hearty.I told the waitress that I did not like it and she said, " Oh, bummer. Can I bring you something else?"  Since everyone was almost done with their meals I declined and just ate chips and salsa. The bill?  Yeah, it included my tasteless soup that I did not eat. Pretty tacky.
3	Good guac made at the table, good sangria (both red and white), but we found the tacos while tasty to be a little too nouvelle cuisine-y.  Excellent service.
4	The best salsa I've ever had - definitely not from a can. Also fresh guacamole was prepared tableside, also excellent. Fish tacos were good, but deep fried in same vat as shrimp (and you could tell), so beware if you have shellfish allergies. Great atmosphere for romance or business. Want to go again.
5	My absolute favorite restaurant. I take any relatives or friends that visit me in AZ to The Mission and they are always wowed. Both the red and white sangria are awesome!!!The table side guacamole is amazing...along with the braised short ribs and tostados. Yum!Service is always excellent and I've never been disappointed!
5	This little spot in the art district of Scottsdale is as good a lunch restaurant as I've been to.  I had the mahi mahi tacos, and was blown away by the attention to detail in the flavors bringing the dish together, as well as the wonderfully tasteful presentation.  Of particular note was the attractiveness level of the waitresses, about which I don't have sufficient words to do justice.  Both my father and I were hard pressed not to buy a condo in Scottsdale just to stay and have all our meals for the rest of our life there solely to appreciate the view.  They were dressed tastefully, not in the slightest bit 'slutty', but holy god.
5	My husband and I had a great time here on New Year's Eve eve. It was packed, so we ate at the bar, and were lucky enough to have Mike (bar manager, I think) making us gorgeous cocktails the entire time...lotsa them. I'm pretty sure my slightly drunk self declared each and every one 'the best drink ever!'...I might have also clapped a couple of times. The new drink menu deserved it, though.  SOO GOOD. We split the mahi mahi tacos (delicous) and ate every single crumb/drop of the perfect chips and salsa. We will definitely, definitely be back the next time we are in Scottsdale. I wanted everything on the menu. Everything.
5	Ask for Adam's special guacamole and make sure you tip him.  Hot and tasty. It will make your night like it made ours. One of the ladies said he was a cutie. As for the food... The guacamole is a must. House Margarita is spot on. Lamb ribs and pork shoulder tacos are heaven.
5	Great ambiance as well as quality of food.  Everyone I have eaten with here has been thoroughly impressed.  Be sure to do table side guacamole and do not hold back on the spicy.  Pork belly is also amazing.
5	One of my favorite restaurants! Great food, service and ambiance. I recommend to everyone:) Must havs: tableside guacamole, mahi tacos, and pork shoulder. I have had almost everything on the menu and you really can't go wrong. Smaller portions but delicious.If you decide to go for dinner it's best to make a reservation because at times the wait can be long.
4	The server we had was awful but honestly it didnt matter...we were on the patio on a beautiful, although brisk, AZ Winter night....the patio fireplace was roaring, heat lamps burning, and the low tempo house/r&b was bumpin....the seating was although rather tight but the food was just a complete surprise from how quick it came out, the presentation, perfect portion size, taste, and cost....a must for romantics inside and out.  I am not a Latino/Mexican foody but the scallops, black cod, white bean puree, green beans (forget the mexican term on the menu), and the fried banana were amazing.....we opted to not indulge in the plethora of tequilas on the menu but it was VERY tempting....Ill be back and probably very soon!  Love it!!!
5	I never knew that there could be fancy Mexican food that I loved as much as my local taco truck. I was wrong. Dead wrong. Be sure to order the pork shoulder tacos and a bottle of the Inedit beer straight outta Barcelona!
3	Two people, two entrees, two appetizers,  and two drinks= $107Come on now. I don't have any problem with paying this kind of money for dinner other than for "Latin"  don't get me wrong, the food was very good. Just wish I've could've made out the menu. It was so dark you'd think you were in a bat cave.FOOD- good not great. Weak guacamole very, very far from authentic  Ordered spicy should've ordered xxxxspicy. I make better for only $4.00Service- greatPRICE- WAY over priced for yuppie ass Mexican food. But it is Scottsdale.
4	DELISH! The coconut marg is sooo good and everything else!  We had the table side guac and the shrimp appetizer.  For the main course we had the mahi mahi tacos and the black cod dinner.  The sauces on all of the dishes are very tasty!  For dessert we got the pumpkin bread pudding which was AMAZING to say the least!Will definitely be returning! :)
4	For some reason it took me a long time to try The Mission.  Well, don't be like us - Go Now! The Mission is great and not at all what I expected (in a good way). By looking at the menu online I thought this was going to be a stuffy, overpriced, quiet, boring "Upscale Mexican" restaurant OR a Mexican restaurant in the heart of Old Town Scottsdale with great decor and awful food- wrong! First of all, unlike so many places in the Valley, The Mission is a standalone building (aka you're not in a strip mall or shopping center. There's a quaint front patio with an over sized fireplace. Then, you walk inside to a dark, chandelier (lots of them) lit bar area and restaurant. The bar was packed, the music was turned up loud and the vibe was great. We were happy to wait for a table because we got to spend some time looking around inside and enjoying the bar. Unbeknownst to us, the restaurant didn't stop there. We were escorted to the adorable back patio covered with lights, a fountain and screened in by tall green trees. I give the vibe and decor two thumbs up. So what about the food? So good! As recommended by everyone on Yelp, we did the table-side guacamole and it didn't disappoint. My husband and his dad ordered the pulled pork tacos that included 10 small tortillas on a salt brick to keep them warm - so cool - and all the fixings. They loved them. I had the fish tacos which was absolutely delicious. Don't be fooled by the small portions - the flavors are big and after chips, salsa and guacamole you're perfectly content. This restaurant is a great spot for just about anything... a date night, girls night out, dinner with parents, out of town visitors, clients...  We'll absolutely be back.
3	It's Saturday and  we are a party of four for lunch.  Had to remind the server three times to bring bread, had to remind repeatedly to refill ice tea, I asked about a drink featuring Mezcal and the server said she would check on it (I'm still waiting), had to ask three times for an item missing from the order, had to wait an hour for the food to arrive.  The explanation was, "we are very busy."  So why do I as customer have to absorb that?  If you can't handle the people STOP SEATING THEM!The server had to take off one item that she repeatedly didn't bring, and never got the Mezcal drink.  Guess what?  You would have SOLD more if the service had been decent and gotten a bigger tip!
5	This is some of the best Latin food I've ever had. The table-side guacamole was out of this world and my friends and I actually ordered two rounds of it - best $24 worth of guacamole ;-)The roast corn gordita was really tasty - very different from anything I've tried before.  The white bean puree was also exceptional!For dinner, I recommend any of the tacos - chicken, mahi mahi, steak, or pork.Another Scottsdale gem and I look forward to going back!
4	Definitely a fan of this place.  They had a great mix of good quality and tasty Latin American dishes (not just Mexican).   The drinks were good as well and decently priced for the quality.  Overall great somewhat upscale place to go, but gets loud in the evening time.
4	Ladies and gents - listen up. If you're looking to impress your date, The Mission should go on your list. Sexy, dimly-lit interior? Check. Spacious yet comfy bar area? Check. Tempting menu with plenty of items to share? Check, check, check. I'm a huge fan of tableside guac, and the Mission whipped up a batch just to my liking (maybe less so to my friends at the table.) I'm not a fan of tomatoes with my avo, but feel free to load up on the garlic, onion, cayenne and anything that's extra hot. Yum! I could have made a meal on the freshly-made guac, crispy-thin chips and smoky-flavored salsa alone.We were lucky enough to sample a tasting menu, which is how I prefer to eat at restaurants like this where it's easy to be overwhelmed by all the delicious-sounding options. For the life of me, I can't remember every single item we tried, but the pork tacos were a standout and I loved the presentation of the extra tortillas on a salt block. As expected, they have a huge variety of tequilas to choose from, and the margs, caprihinas and mojitos all have an twist. Try the pineapple ginger mojito - it's just as flavorful as it sounds. And the milkshake with churro dessert. You will not be disappointed!
2	It had a nice vibe, but the food was less than mediocre.The appetizer was dried out chicken, and for the main course, I asked the server what the signature dish was, and she steered me to the pork shoulder.  Instead of the succulent, moist, mouth watering vision I had in mind, it was dried out as well.  Didnt finish even half of it.  Maybe our problem was that we were dining after 10pm on a weekend, and they weren't as mindful as they should have been.  But for the prices they charge, there is no excuse for the lack of execution.The scene was cool, but I wouldn't go back to eat.
5	A great place to have a couple cocktails, eat, or just hang out!The food is great and worth the price. While it's not too expensive, you do pay more than a dollar per taco like at Taco Bell. The tordas are exquisite and quite large. I savored every bit of it as I sipped my mango cocktail. Very Nice!
4	I checked out The Mission when I was visiting my parents in Phoenix because I had read Laura's review, and she generally has awesome taste. Also, I love fancy Mexican food. And The Mission met my high expectations! The atmosphere is really romantic but fun at the same time, I would be just as comfortable there on a date as I would be with some girlfriends. The bartenders were all really nice and the pear basil margarita was amazing. So was the white sangria. I may have been a bit toasted by the time I left. But that's not a bad thing.And the food was delicious. We had the chips and guac, and the guac was great - nice spice level where it heated me up but didn't set my mouth on fire. Very nice mix of herbs. The chips were maybe a hair greasy for my taste but that is my only complaint. I had the duck confit which was absolutely delicious, and a huge portion. My friend had the black cod which we agreed was the better dish. It was light, flavorful, just perfect. We split the espresso churros for dessert and they were freaking incredible. I could have taken a bath in the milkshake thing they came with.Overall The Mission is highly recommended. Go there!
3	If you're looking for a restaurant hotspot in Old Town, look no further.  The Mission offers up gourmet latin-inspired creations in a dimly-lit, totally chic setting, with decor reminiscent of its days as a pueblo church.  We went on a Saturday night, and it was a good thing I made a reservation - the place was PACKED!  The bar was packed, the tables were packed, even the aisles were packed!   To eat:*Crispy Cola Pork - Tasty, but seemed more asian than latin-inspired.  Close your eyes and you might think you're eating an extra-sweet teriyaki lettuce wrap.*Duck Empanadas w/ Foie - Pass on this one.  The foie was strangely spongy and the empanada crust was very tough and mealy.  Filling was bland.  All around fail.*Mahi Mahi Tacos - $14 gets you two lipstick-sized tacos with nothing on the side.  Same goes for all the taco dishes.  Very bad value.*Shortrib Asado Negro - Meat was tender and flavorful, and there was a decent portion of it.  But there was hardly any garnish to cut it - maybe 4 small bites worth.  Why skimp on black beans, plantains, and rice that cost next to nothing?  Silly.*Espresso Churros - Delicious!  My favorite part was the milkshake - Perfectly smooth and coffee-y.  However, the main component of this dish is supposed to be the churros and for some reason there were only a few small sticks of those.Conclusion: The Mission has an awesome-sounding menu, but most of the actual dishes fall short.  Portions are generally very scant and uneven across menu items, so be sure to ask your server about what to expect.  The food is basically good for noshing while enjoying several cocktails, looking hot, mingling, and enjoying the upbeat vibe!
5	The Mission serves "modern Latin cuisine in a sophisticated yet casual setting" according to their website. Actually, I'd say the Mission serves the best meal in the greater Phoenix area with a simple and romantic flair. So much for adjectives, as there may not be enough to accurately describe this dining experience.First off, The Mission makes me want to "re-calibrate" my other Yelp reviews as this is truly a real 5 star place. We are staying in a wonderful 5 star resort where the concierge suggested this dining spot, but also let us know (under full disclosure) that she is employed by The Mission as a bartender. She gave us 2 tips: "You must try the Duck Empandas and the Peruvian Stew". Peruvian stew is actually called "Almejas Al Vapor" and consists of peruvian clam stew + rock shrimp + chorizo + pan de yucca + aji amarillo + roast corn, and is a bit spicy. I thought this was an odd choice as it's 80 degrees outside dining on their lovely patio, but we tried both. The Almejas Al Vapor is an incredible dish. Each bite reveals a new twist and many new flavors. Unbelievable call, and no, it doesn't make you seem warmer than normal. The Duck Carnitas Empanadas are excellent and are a bit cheesy. If you like white sauces and cheese, you'll love this dish. The dish consists of duck + foie gras + orange + habanero + oregano + mushroom + queso oaxaca baked in a homemade empanada shell. Honestly, I was trying to pace myself, so I only ate a few bites of an excellent small plate..Our excellent server had her favorite appetizer and insisted we try the "lettuce wraps", aka Crispy Cola Pork consisting of pork belly + cola + lime + chiltepin + peanut + pickled red onion wrapped in gem lettuce.This dish is excellent and the lettuce cleverly is placed on the peanut sauce such that you only get every flavor if you eat by hand v with a fork. You'll have to try it to understand what I'm saying.After appetizers, I was forced to "downsize" the entree and we split the Steak Tacos. The story we'd heard about this place was the Chef who is famous for French Cuisine and created Zinc Bistro always wants a "Taco stand". This is far beyond a Taco stand, but you get the French influence and clever presentation, with Latin cuisine and perfect use of spices and sauces making the Mission unique. Dessert time which means it's time to split the Fired Bananas. Generally, I skip dessert, but Fried Bananas is one of my favorite foods, and these are the best I have ever had. First, the presentation: The fried banana are actually placed in a cinamon tortilla shell. There's house-made peanut butter and Cinamon Gellato on the plate. This is all rounded off with a simple, elegant cinamon/sugar mixture (heated as a light sauce) with a few peanuts as garnish. Here's the menu's description: Fried Bananas butter + nutmeg + peanuts and dulche de leche.We sat on the patio as our bartender suggested this was a quiet romantic spot...excellent call. There are two other dining areas, a front patio and the inside which has a large bar. Inside seemed loud and would be a good happy hour spot. The back patio was wonderful for romantic outdoor ambiance. Last, and not at all least, our service was wonderful. The server on the back patio knew all of the dishes, made great wine recommendations and was just a wonderful, upbeat person who knew food. This place required a 2-day advance reservation during Baseball Spring training, but is well worth the planning process. I look forward to the next visit!
5	OMG.  So incredibly good and very consistent.  This place is hands down my absolute favorite place in Scottsdale.  Great atmosphere, great drinks, great food, great servers, great owners, what more can you ask for??  I visited the Mission the first time for Valentine's Day dinner when my boyfriend took me based on Yelp reviews.  We weren't sure what exactly we were getting ourselves into, but we took advice from many reviewers for the pork shoulder tacos.  We ended up getting the chips and salsa, a cheese plate, the pork shoulder tacos, a side of chipotle grits and ended with the pumpkin bread pudding.  Needless to say we were stuffed, but extremely happy.  We went back last night to take some friends who recently moved to the area, and they left just as happy as we did the first time.  My boyfriend and I wanted to branch out and get something new, but we had the best meal the first time that we did a repeat for round 2, although we got the churros instead of the bread pudding which were delish.  Sometimes you remember something tasting perfectly, and then you get it again and it doesn't quite live up to your mind's expectations.  Well, the Mission know's what's up.  It was just as good, if not better, than last time.  There is a reason this place has so many reviews, it practically speaks for itself.  I would highly recommend the pork shoulder tacos, the chipotle grits (so money) and some type of dessert.  They have a great bartender too - I had the strawberry coconut mojito, and it was tasty.  Their margs are pretty good too.  I can't wait to go back and maybe, just maybe, try something else!
5	Believe every good review you see on here, and get your tail down to the Mission!Try the pig roast on a Sunday.....Have a romantic dinner with your special someone....A nice family get together....OR....Have a kick ass wedding on their patio out back!We had the best time with family and friends at the Mission on St. Patrick's Day, March 17th 2011.  We invited just over 50 people, and the patio was the perfect size, and that included having one the best chefs in PHX manning the grill, and putting out creative freshness on every plate.The staff was nothing short of awesome, serving with a smile the entire night, and they seemed to be having just as much fun as we did.We had a very special 3 days, and The Mission was right up there at the top bracket...just behind the ceremony next door.Now stop reading these things and make a rezzie!
5	Very good food and drinks...Guac, Street Corn, Carne tacos, & Margaritas. So good, that I went back for lunch the next Saturday and ordered a marg and guac again,, and I was disappointed.  Obviously, the lunch chef and bartender are different than the prior Saturday night, and consistency is a problem for this restaurant.
4	Great food, great atmosphere and good service. Great place to take someone visiting from out of town.
4	Beautiful Setting, wonderful menu. We sat outside and had the tableside guacamole. Delicious, even the chips were great. I had the steak which was delicious. My husband had the scallops. He said it was by far the best preparation of scallops he had ever had.
2	Went there for appetizers on 3/19/11. Good service but the food was lacking. The tableside guac was basically a mashed up avacado with little flavor as were the two skewers of oversalted chicken. The shrimp was salty too. Felt the food was overpriced and lacked the blend of spices found in good Latin food. Paying for the ambiance and Scottsdale location.
5	I love, love, love this place!!We happened upon it right after it's opening & have been regulars ever since.Everything about it makes me happy.  The cuisine is modern Latin fusion and it's sooo tasty and unique.  I try to order something different every visit and have yet to be disappointed.  The tequila selection and cocktails are one of a kind.  I highly recommend giving the blended ones a taste, even if they're described as spicy!Prices are absolutely reasonable for what you get and the owners are just about always on the floor.Go for drinks, small plates, brunch, lunch or dinner and you'll be satisfied.  The ambiance also lends itself to being a sexy, but cool date spot.  We've also brought some important clients for dinners there.Very cool.
4	What a pleasant surprise during my recent 6-day trip to Giants Spring Training!!  I went twice this trip--the first time for dinner and another time for lunch before a game.  For dinner, I was in a large group of 8 and the restaurant couldn't have been more accomodating.  We were greeted warmly and seated on time.  Food and drink service was equally friendly and efficient.  Nothing like a few margaritas and table-side guac-to-order to put one in the mood.  Ole!!  My lunch started with a wonderful mojito and some taco sliders.  Much better than ballpark food!  [fyi food at Scottsdale Stadium is MUCH better than Salt River!!  The Rockies, however, are looking good.]The Mission is such a find and worth repeating...hopefully, just like our Giants!!ps...I felt a little underdressed at dinner in my flip-flops.  Thankfully, the room is dimly lit.  The Mission is definitely a place to impress a date!
4	The food here was very good and fresh! We were able to try multiple things off of the menu - guacamole, soup, white bean side, salads, and tacos. We just loved the decor of this place! All the leather was beautiful.We knocked it down a star because: the server could have been better. While he wasn't awful, we think he was a bit snooty because we didn't order alcohol. Also, the tacos order was TINY! It was almost a joke! But, everything was very good.
5	We went with another couple to The Mission and celebrated our anniversary. It was dark inside but wasn't stuffy or creepy. Our waiter was relaxed and helpful. He suggested the avocado margarita. Give it a shot--you just may want a refill (I did!).We started with the delicious guac and shared a few small plates (our waiter was spot-on with his recommendations re: quantity). By far the best part of the night was the pork shoulder tacos. They were make your own with falling off the bone meat. We finished with pumpkin bread pudding.Never rushed or harried, we had a great time and recommend going with a few people you can sample the dishes with. Make a reservation if you go during peak weekend hours.
5	This place was AMAZING.  As if the food wasn't fantastic enough, the service was even BETTER!!  Jonathan and Molly waited on us and we were blown away.  Made great recomendations, cocktails were so unique and delicious and the food was fabulous.  I would highly recommend!!!
4	Just had a yummy meal at The Mission. The atmosphere is beautiful--candles, chandeliers, and mirrors everywhere--along with tall, attractive patrons. I felt very short as I was waiting for my table with a bunch of other people. It was quite busy (Saturday night), and even though we had a reservation, we still had to wait 20 minutes. But, once we sat down and got drinks--a Smokey margarita and a pear and basil margarita--I immediately felt more content. Both margaritas were good. The pear one was perhaps a little too sweet to go with dinner but would be great as a happy hour drink.The food was good, and we ordered way too much. We had: tableside guac with chips and salsa, delicious Peruvian stew, a chicken dish and black halibut (usually black cod). My chicken dish was humongous, which caught me off guard. I could barely finish it, but I can't wait to eat the leftovers. The sauce on the roasted chicken was spicy and delicious. It came with mission fries, which are a mixture of sweet potato and regular fries spiced with cumin and lime.The service was friendly and prompt but not rushed. I appreciated that they let us take our time even though the place was packed. I asked the waitress to bring a special dessert for my bf's birthday, and they brought out their signature dessert, the pumpkin bread pudding, along with two lit sparklers that sat upright in a lime. The dessert was full of caramel goodness, and I just "had" to break my dessert fast to have a few bites.This place is pricey, but for a special occasion, it's just the place for a fun time.
4	Very cool ambiance. Table-side guac is great. The chef does anything pork very well. Had the pork belly last visit. Excellent!
4	I had the pleasure of dining in old town Scottsdale at Mission.  Very quaint and modern Latin.  The food was quite yummy, I had the tostadas before my maui maui tacos and fresh guac and chips oh yeah and sweet potato fries:) I had too!  Everything was fresh and delish and  I will definitely make it back for the pumpkin bread pudding dessert  I didn't have room for.  Mission is one of my new favorites!
5	Picked this place because it was so close to the SMOCA. It's just a couple of blocks away. After we got our art on we had a lovely lovely brunch. We were seated right away. The dark woods and gold touches make the place cozy. I had the Crab and Corn pancakes. Delicious. Generous portions. Despite the deliciousness, I couldn't finish it. The manfriend had the Mission Huevo Ranchero. I had a bite of that, too. So. Good.
5	Best Ever!! Are you kidding me? If you don't like this place stick to Taco Bell! Pork shoulder, short ribs, any of the tacos, and of course the guac, all will keep you coming back.
5	Very friendly staff, tacos are amazing, Guac and salsa were fantastic.
3	A  bit surprised at the high prices but figured that the "trendy factor in old town" and the atmosphere was the reason because the teeny portions of the food and the quality is just GOOD, like the Good egg, not great, not bad, just good. No happy hour?And Too dark inside. Lots of pretty wait staff. My first suggestion would be to fire grill the mahi tacos and not batter them, they were not that flavorful. The side dishes of street corn and some potato chorizo thing were very good. I wanted to try the guac, but 12 bucks for an avacado with some garlic and cilantro? How about trying to make a good ceviche?My hubby and i thought that Rubios rocks in comparison, we love the shrimp tacos and the pablano and portobello tacos.
4	Top atmosphere restaurant coupled with great food and service.My husband and I ate at The Mission on a Wed. and even during the week reservations are needed. (Open Table)We SHARED the:Table Side Guacamole $12.00 (Requested Extra Spicy) -  Good but not amazing like other yelpers have described..... and it wasn't exactly table side because where we were seated on the patio wouldn't allow for the Guac. cart to come through.Pork Shoulder (serves two) $32.00 - Amazing and not just because it's pork! The presentation of the tortillas was pleasant and the portion was more than enough for two, although we had to ask for seconds on the tortillas to finish off the great pork meat.Drinks: Strawberry & Cinnamon Margarita - Good & Strong for a light weight like myselfMy husband had some sort of Don Julio something or other.The dessert was strange, Espresso Churros + milkshake $8.00. Wasn't a fan of the dessert but the meal overall was great.The patio is romantic and they offer blankets if you get chilled in the evening air.I highly recommend The Mission.
5	This place is awesome, some of the best southwestern food in the Valley, some of there meats are awesome.  I can almost live on the enture app menu without even hitting the dinner menu.  The margs are also fantastic.
5	After reading several outstanding reviews about this place I decided to offer it as a suggestion to spend an office get-together for a combination birthday/administrative professional's day.  I am so very glad that I did.  I am already a huge fan of Mexican food and the place just blew me away.From the moment you enter, the atmosphere is incredible.  The walls surrounding the kitchen are made of this special salt stone that seem to be back-lit and the other decor was impressive.  The menus have real leather covers and the food sounded delicious.We ordered the corn and guacamole as our appetizers and when combined with the chips and salsa, was pure heaven.  Each had a bit of spice to it, but I was not at all uncomfortable.Each of us tried the tacos and none of us were disappointed.  The shrimp tacos were absolutely divine.For desert we tried the fried bananas and the pumpkin bread pudding and some French Press coffee with cream.  I have not had such a fully satisfying experience in a long time.  If you are looking for a wonderful and delicious experience I would definitely recommend this place.
2	Very disappointing. Margaritas were very good and service was fine. But the food?  Overpriced and not good. We started with the duck confit empanadas.  The filling was nice but the sauce was way too sweet and then there was the crust.  You needed a steak knife to cut the thing!  We ordered the pulled pork tacos for two dinner (32.00).  It took quite a while and when it came the tortillas were very small and extremely doughy.  The pork was fatty and just not very good.  On top of everything else, it is very dark so it's hard to see what you are eating.  I used my iPhone flashlight app so we could read the menus.  Really wanted to like the place but the quality was not there.  Definitely would never go back.  One start is for service and the other is for the drinks.  That's it.
4	Beautiful beautiful place. Great for a romantic evening out in my opinion.  Quietly classy, yet not ridiculously presumptuous.Have not eaten any of their food... this is just based on drinks, service, and ambiance.Cool note: Birthday sparkles for the birthday person.Free mai tai shots for the whole group because of the birthday.it is very dark inside... like how a monastery would look but with crystal accents. (duh)I'll go back eventually and get a meal.
4	Not that this restaurant needs another great review, but I couldn't resist because it is one of my favorite places around. The mission is modern Latin and everything on the menu is delicious.  Its a beautiful restaurant with a charming patio. The service is always great and the cocktails are refreshing and strong. Some dishes you must try are the duck empanadas , guacamole, and crispy cola pork to start. The hearts of palm salad is delicious but the pork tacos are absolutely amazing and a big must. Also love the duck and filet entrees have a real depth of flavors. Definitely make a reservation because this place is busy for good reason.
4	Good food and great service. The facilities are amusing: a lighted wall of blocks of brazilian salt
3	I've been wanting to try this place for awhile after hearing good things about it and reading the menu. I realize now why the website doesn't list prices-- the mission is hideously overpriced!We ended up on the patio since they weren't seating in the main area yet (at 6:30pm? For reals?) Our waitress was nice and attentive. She noticed my water had something floating in it and replaced it quickly. My husband's water glass was dirty too. She brought us out two sample size frozen peach and strawberry margaritas which were awesome. Much better than the rocks margarita.No complimentary chips and salsa which would be ok if they offered something else like Barrio. No happy hour either which was disappointing.The street corn was good, but I've had much better. The butternut squash tacos were out of this world. My husband liked them better than his mahi tacos. I just can't believe they have the gall to charge $12 for 3 tiny (3 inches in diameter) tacos. They also charge $12 for guac made from 2 avocados. I'm not sure how they have survived in this economy. They must be very slow when the tourists leave for the summer.
5	Wow!  I don't write enough about the great places at which my wife and I eat, but this one CANNOT be dropped!  We're in town with friends for a little R&R when a chef at another restuarant, also excellent, suggested this place among 10 or so others.  This food is AWESOME!  We started with margaritas: she had the pear basil, I the Aguacate.  I thought hers was sweet but tasty; mine was out-of-the-ballpark fantastic.  So good, in fact, that my wife got a second margarita, an Aguacate.  It's loaded with avacado -- yes, avocado!  Weird, but really good!  You MUST try this one.  Then we went on to a grilled street corn appetizer.   Fantastic!  We had it off the cob (easier to share).  It had a sort of chipotle aioli, which I guess was the chile paprika, with butter, cilantro, and cotija.  Then came my brisket torta:  smoked brisket, habanero, barbeque, aji amarillo, coleslaw, yucca bread.  I love this place!  My wife had the butternut squash tacos -- and I really didn't think any non-vegetarian could get this excited about a vegetarian dish!  Superb!  We tried the sweet honey chipotle grits as a side, which I thought were too sweet, but interesting, and we tried the Mission fries, a mix of sweet and regular fries with seasoning, lime, and chipotle ketchup or aji amarillo.   The damages with all of the above (total 4 margaritas) came to $86.00, sans tip.  The service was wonderful -- thanks Simona!  Lots of other cool selections.  Had I room for more I would be telling you about dessert.  Until next time (tomorrow?), I continue to be yourIncognito Connossieur
4	Good food and great service. The facilities are amusing: a lighted wall of blocks of brazilian salt
5	OK, seriously some very good food going on here.  We had a table of five for a corporate dinner and asked our waiter to just "send out what he thought would be best for a small group, family style" and it was spot on. Two rounds of tapas and two larger entrees, with pre chips and salsa and tableside guac.....and ending with the most amazing dessert I've ever had, Pumpkin Bread Pudding. I'll def go back
5	I am allergic to cumin, so I had to avoid a few dishes, but the food was as flavorful and interesting to taste as the menu made it sound.Terrific staff, young professional and lively crowd made this an outstanding experience for a foodie traveler.
5	It's been over a year and I still think about this place.We walked in here without a reservation for dinner on a trip to Scottsdale, and were promptly seated outside under a heat lamp. Between the tableside guacamole and stiff margaritas, I was already a happy girl. But then our pork shoulder tacos for two arrived. This was an amazing quivering lump of perfectly cooked pork accompanied by a stack of fresh corn tortillas and fixings. The pork was so tender it could be flaked with a fork. We ate every bite. The side of black beans ranked among the best black beans I've ever eaten.We liked the Mission so much, we returned for brunch the next morning. I had a bloody Mary, the steak tacos, and of course, a side of black beans. All excellent again, although the steak tacos weren't as memorable as that pork shoulder.We ate outside both meals to take advantage of the beautiful weather, but inside seemed to have a very cool, trendy vibe. This seemed like a fun place to have cocktail hour with a group.My only regret is that our trip wasn't long enough for a third visit.
5	YUM.When I think about the Mission, a smile spreads across my face.  The place is great from top-to-bottom.Stunning menu with high-end meals, to upscale street food.  The Corn on a stick is spicy, sweet and absolutely amazing.Great for groups, wonderful patio, amazing brunch.  I have never had a bad experience here.  Waitstaff is extremely friendly and attentive.Portion size is also very good and the drinks are a great topper with their extensive tequila list.Overall great date spot, team event of just a lazy Saturday lunch.
4	Great service and the food was spiced perfectly.....better than most any other restaurant than I have ever been to. The eggs puzzle me though. They cook their eggs on WAY too high of heat on the morning that I was there. I literally couldn't cut through the eggs with a fork. When I brought it to the servers attention she gladly brought me back a reorder, but the reorder only had 1 egg versus 2. The reordered egg was still inedible from being fried on WAY too high of heat.Everything else was fantastic. Oh, and did I mention really hot servers?
5	GREAT! a little crowded but that happens when you have amazing food and great service. The corn on the cob with chipotle crema is soooo good. The chimichurri steak was delicous as was the guacamole. Our server was super sweet and very patient with our sarcastic, fun-loving table. Cannot wait to go back. Creative and somewhat fancy Mexican. Five Stars!
3	I am torn between two stars and three stars even though the food was Exquisite.Short Story-Great food but smaller than Barbie Sized but full price.Long Story-I had the halibut that was over maybe two tablespoons of rice and had a delicious tomato sauce poured around it that tasted similar to Campbell's Soup but better because I couldn't taste the tin can and it had a great layered spice to it that was just right. The top of my fish was sprinkled with some crisp taro threads and my petite halibut was cooked to perfection and seasoned perfect. Vegetables were not a part of this meal ($28)My husband had the Chorizo Porchetta it was impressive coming out with a flaming rosemary stuck into it, I noticed that it looked like a petite filet  across the table in the dark but was a pork shoulder and the chorizo (a hard style chorizo) was stuffed into it, the plate had a very tiny dish of white bean puree on the side. I am looking at my measuring cups right now and the dish looked like my quarter cup but the dish of beans wasn't filled all the way so it was less than a quarter cup also vegetables were not a part of this entree ($24) Both of us and the two tables seated on both sides of us thought it was too dark in the dining room you REALLY HURT your eyes trying to read the menu in such darkness no matter how young or great your eyesight is.The tables are too close together so much so that you have to pull your table out of the way for people seated on the bench to get out. Service was casual.Petite proteins, less than quarter cup side with entrees (1/2 cup is correct amount of food) vegetable side not included,full price..I wouldn't mind paying $10 more an entree so we could receive 1/2 cup side portions and a vegetable portion.                               We will not return.
4	The Mission does everything well.  From their creative cocktail menu to the table-side guacamole to the short ribs its all delicious.  There are a lot of options depending on how hungry you are and the Sunday Pig Roast is a great value.  The fried banana dessert is unreal.
5	Whoa. Oh, and wow. So, I was debating giving this place four stars because yes it is dark in there and yes the tables are a bit cramped and it did get loud.... but..... I just can't. The food was so good that it completely made up for those things. The BF and I went here for my (very very belated) birthday dinner (we had made res's somewhere else on my b day that fell through *cough* monarch *cough* and had to make new plans). So I decided to try something a bit different and go to the Mission. I am very glad I did. The BF and I made open table reservations and were seated promptly when we got there. Our waiter was this funny guy named Derek, who, at first I thought I wasn't going to like that much (I have an aversion to trendy scottsdale people) but turned out to be wonderful and make great suggestions all night! So thanks Derek!The BF and I decided to order a few different small plates to get a feel for the restaurant. We ordered the cola crispy pork belly, the table side guac, the steak tacos, and a side of chipotle honey grits. I also got a Mission margarita. So my margarita comes out and it is really great! I have only had one other margarita that I liked equally. It was extremely fresh and it wasn't made out of that disgusting green sweet stuff that normally makes up margs. I would definitely recommend it (with salt). We then get the chips and salsa. The salsa is really smokey and reminds me of the salsa at Abuelos, if you've ever tried that. I liked it a lot. So the man who makes the Guac came over and asked how spicy we wanted it, and we told him hot. He then proceeded to mix the guac using all fresh ingredients. It was so good! and so fresh! I liked how I could taste each flavor that went in, from the cilantro to the delicious tomato and jalapeno.... it was all good.... also, it had pinons on it, which gave it a cool texture. I have only had one better guac, and that is at Barrio cafe.... We get the rest of the food, and the portions look tiny, but in reality, they are huge because I just ate half an avocado and a bagillion or so chips. The cola pork belly was Ah. Maze. Ing. I have never had anything like it. It's a crispy sweet and spicy pork with peanut sauce in a lettuce cup. It's like thai mexican fusion. It was the best of the meal. The steak tacos were also wonderful. The BF said it was like eating a new york strip in a taco. It was a little sweet and a little savory... all good. The grits were the only part that were just ok. I liked them, they were creamy and different, but I wouldn't get them again. So we had to get dessert, as it was my 'birthday' and Derek recommended the pumpkin bread pudding. Holy crap Derek, you are the man! This thing was one of the most delicious desserts I have had, and definitely the best bread pudding. It's pumpkin bread with a little bit of creme brulee, in a sea of wonderful butterscotch sauce (made from real scotch...mind=blown) with the perfect amount of ice cream and little crunchy seeds for texture. Whoa. Just whoa. All this, and the bill was like 65$... that's wonderful! We could come and not get drinks and not get grits and it would be an affordable dinner, which is the best part, because I want to go back.... like right now.
5	Absolutely love this place. I truly wish there was one of these back home in Southern California. Upscale Latin Cuisine served from an innovative menu paired with wonderfully tasting stiff cocktails. Need I say more. From the moment you walk into this place, you feel like you are right where you belong if you want to be part of the "scene." The table side guacamole that is completely customizable is not to be missed along with the house pork shoulder tacos ("for two") With four of us dining here, we were able to try a great selection of items from the menu. We thoroughly enjoyed all the dishes we tried from the Fried Pork Belly in Mexican Cola reduction Lettuce Wraps, to the Pork Shoulder tacos to the Chorizo Porchetta. I was ready to go back again if it weren't so hard to get a reservation. They had a pumpkin bread pudding dessert that was simply superb and their fried bananas was a close second. Don't forget to wash down your meal with a refreshingly stiff Cadillac Margarita. You won't be disappointed here.Check out some of the pictures of the dishes in full resolution at kitchenrunway(dot)com. I will be sure that this place is on the agenda with each and every vacay out to Scottsdale/Phoenix.
4	I went here last night with a party of 4.  I couldn't believe how crowded this place was for being 8pm on a Tuesday.  We didn't want to wait 30 minutes for a table inside so we sat on the patio.  It was hot as heck outside but they had an AC unit out there and it actually wasn't bad at all.We didn't order any drinks but I am for sure next time.  I have to try one of their margaritas.  Here is a rundown of the eats:*Chips = fresh and perfectly salted*Salsa = just eh - it had almost no spice and tasted too tomato pasty for me*Guacamole = phenomenal - they make it table side and you can make it exactly how you like it which in my case was with all the fixins' and spicy - it was awesome, just awesome* Poblano Grits = creamy and delicious* Street Corn = o-m-g - this was my favorite.  I could probably eat buckets of the stuff.  The sauce stuff they put on it is just amazing creamy spicy goodness.  Probably not too healthy though but it doesn't matter because it was fantastic.* Tacos (I tried the chicken, steak and squash) = very very good.  The only problem is that they were tiny.  They are literally 2 inches in diameter and at over 4 bucks a pop (you get 3) it kind of pissed me off.  I know it is more than enough food but it still angered me.  Anyway, each one I had was excellent.  The meat was perfectly flavored and juicy and all the ingredients on the taco worked well together.I also loved our waiter.  He was very friendly, funny and engaging.  He was so passionate about the place and its food it was almost as if he was the owner or had a stake in the place.Enough said.  I cannot wait to return.  I'm still pissed about the size and price of those tacos though.
2	To be fair, the first time that I went to The Mission a couple of months ago, it was a 3-star experience.  The food was well prepared and nicely presented.  It could have been 4-stars, but the tacos were sadly small for the price.Last week's experience was a real let down.  I took my family for a Latin dining experience and was sadly disappointed.  Being an arepa lover, I was excited to partake in the experience with my loved ones.  When we arrived, we were told that arepas were no longer part of the menu, although they were still on the menu :-(  They are now serving the sandwiches that were served on arepas, on the torta bread.  The server was apologetic, but frankly, after driving 40 miles to get this specific menu item and checking the on-line menu before making the trip, I was not happy.The pabellon filling was very good, but again, a let down without the arepa.  To add insult to injury, when the sandwiches were served, they did not bring Mission fries on the plate, because according to the bus boy, the menu changed when the sandwich was no longer served on the arepa, and it no longer was served with the fries.  The server quickly righted this issue and offered us fries on the house.There are some high points to the experience: the setting is very pretty and the service is attentive.  The chorizo and papas appetizer is delicious and something worth ordering when you go.
4	Great chips and guacamole!  Wonderful tacos and salmon.  Good wine list.  A bit pricey for the quantities.  Will continue to go back and take friends.
5	A really fantastic restaurant experience!Great food, great service, great ambiancehands down the BEST hand made guacamole on the planetModern Mexican food with flair and thought.make no mistake this place is NOT one of the too many tourist trap places in Old Town
5	Omg swoon!!!! Best food I've had since moving here from San Francisco actually made me feel like I was back in my familiar foodie scene in s.f now where are the shots of jager... Oh shit right I don't work here just eating here. Ok so here I go I had the diver scallops.... Amazeballs!!!! They were grilled to perfection not at all over cooked which happens all too often with scallops! Had grille octopus on top and serano ham slices that I think were flashed fried... On top of a delicious sauce. Seriously I would injure someone for another serving. Also a great selection of wine which I'm always a fan of.We all shared the espresso churros came with a milkshake that used all my will power not to try (lactose intolerant and all) boo for that btw. Anyways I'm not a dessert person but damn those were tasty deliciousness! Coffee press with dessert too coffee was amazing I'm still on a coffee high. So this is why my friends won't let me drink coffee after 3... It's  all coming full circle now. :) Totally try this place out! Mmmmmmmmmmmmmm yummy in my tummy!
4	Great food and a good place to go after the Old Town Farmers' Market.The guacamole is delicious and not over-rated. They know how to make a great margarita here!
5	We have been meaning to try The Mission for awhile, and we were extremely impressed. We are self-professed foodies, good cooks, etc.Let's start with the fact that they seated us promptly at our reservation time, and that reservation had only been made that day.....surprising, because the place was packed!! Alfonso was our waiter, and he was awesome and didn't hesitate to make suggestions that we were happy to add to our dinner. First, the margaritas. ....this place knows how to pour, and they are fresh  - the only way we will drink them. Next - there are only 3 places in Phoenix that can make good table-side guacamole, and this is the best of them. Alfonso suggested a fried pork belly/cola reduction appetizer that I had to be talked into. OMG....heaven, and such a complex blend of flavors that the sweet, crunchiness of the pork belly can only be described as "worth it" if you are balking at the issue of pork belly.Entree: we chose the Chorizo Porchetta and the Scallops. Both were excellent and may I say that the timing of each course was unbelievably prompt. We never waited and yet didn't feel rushed.Dessert: I confess that I read the dessert menu first before making dinner decisions, and while other reviews loved the selections ...I wasn't blown away. The churros were small and dough-y, and the milkshake was just to heavy/sweet after a meal.....better to fill the churros with a cheese and serve them warm on dulce de leche ice cream. Fried bananas didn't excite me either. Bananas are bananas..... The pumpkin bread pudding seemed heavy and Autumn-like for a 110 degree day in Arizona and did not compliment the Latin flavors of the dinner. I feel their dessert menu needs to be expanded in a way that compliments their cuisine....some citrus sorbet, chocolate-with-red-chile cake, lime cheesecake. At any rate, I still give them the full Monty on stars!!!Most recent visit: the food was just as great, but we weren't as blown away by the ambiance. We were seated at a table for two on the back wall. My elbow literally kept bumping the gentleman to my left and the conversation to the right of us (a party of four) was literally so close that it inhibited us from having much conversation of our own. Also, the restaurant is SOOO dark you would think they would notice when FOUR neighboring tables are all using their cell phones/flashlight apps to read the menu.
4	amazing chips n salsa, pork belly app and pazole are favorites of mine. atmosphere is great! a great stop for a step above normal mexican expierence!
5	Want experience the perfect evening with friends in old Scottsdale - go here and nowhere else!!  This place has it together on every category. Service, ambiance, drinks, presentation, deserts, etc. Everything we ordered was very creative, fun and fresh. Not a cheap date but treat yourself to this one.
5	this place is fantastic. fresh ingredients, authentic with a twist.can't go wrong with this line-up:Guacamole: chunky haas avocado + jalapeno + cilantro + sea salt + limeMahi Mahi Tacos: battered mahi mahi + citrus escabeche + olive cremaGreen Chile Duck Confit: cheesy fried hominy + smoked mushrooms + sultana serrano peanut moleenjoy!
4	Came here with some friends for dinner, and were thoroughly impressed.  Would've given it 5 stars.... not sure why I'm not...?Started with Blood Orange margaritas.... my friend ordered mine frozen, prefer the rocks much more.  More flavor, less brain freeze...Could drown in a bowl of the table-side Guac.  As others have stated before, perfect combination, spicy without compromising flavor.Had the lamb appetizer, tender, juicy, and delicious, and after devouring a ton of chips was enough to fill me up, but my hubby had the diver scallops, and was still hungry... tastes great, less filling.Our friends RAVED about the chicken dinner, personally I can't order chicken when I go out to eat.  No matter how good it may be, I feel like I should eat something more exotic.Ambiance is everything.  Uber cool spanish decor with a splash of classy flair. Dark, loud, and super sexy.  Fun for dinner with friends, or a hot date.
4	This is not some super authentic Traditional Mexican restaraunt, it's a sophisticated fusion of a variety of latin influencesIt's a 4.25 star meal! Chorizo Porchetta was  interesting and delicious !  it's not classic Porchetta or a chorizo you'd find in East LA or  the king of Porcetta (Rolo Roti!).Vegetables Tacos were as good as one could expect.Try the grits with the horseradish.The Pork belly appetizers stood outPunmpkin bread pudding!!!Listen to your waiter.... Very friendly staff.Portions are delicate and small and prices aren't low, but hopefully you are not looking for a "mexican all you can eat"Only flaw... it is dark... I think the visual experience on this type of food is important...its lost but still a must when in Phoenix/Scottsdale..
1	This review is based on how we were treated, not the food because we didn't actually get to eat. Called on the afternoon of July 9th and they said no reservations were open. I asked if they take walk ins and they said yes, but to expect a wait of about 45 minutes. We showed up at 7 expecting to wait. The hostess told us that they had no tables until 9pm. That is when their first open reservation would be. I asked if we could wait at the bar as walk ins and told them that I had called earlier about that exact thing. She basically said 'too bad' and that we would have to wait til 9 unless we wanted to eat outside on the patio (nobody was outside in this heat). I have heard this place is good, but the hostess was quite rude with her tone and basically told us to leave.  It seems that this place could benefit from some additional training to make sure that all of the hostesses are on the same page.
5	I absolutely loved this place. Terrific food, service. Outside seating, wow. Really fantastic, fresh, fun.
4	This marked our 2nd venture dining on Sunday Pork Tacos and we have loved it both times.  Great deal at $16 for all the pork tacos you can eat (until they run out).  Tecate in the can runs $2 on Sundays (fantastic).  Great food, atmosphere and service.First time trying the guacamole.  Good Night!  Outstanding.  Literally, the best I've had be it in a restaurant or elsewhere.  Their chips and salsa are also excellent.  Get in try this place out.  One of our favorites.
5	I swoon over this place every time!  Let me say this: If you're in downtown Scottsdale as a local or out of towner (like me) it's a must dine.Decor:  Outside really does look like a pre-historic mission, but the inside looks like it's been gutted out to be placed with modern decor while still holding onto a "missionary" style.  Food:  I absolutely love the guacamole and I'm not even a guacamole fan.  It has a nice balance of spice and limeness which compliments the fatty goodness of guacamole.  I opted for the shrimp chipotle skewers and they were delish!  Plump, spicy, and dipping sauce was awesomeness!  They have dipping sauce that leaves your mouth with a mini burn sensation which I strangely enjoy.When I'm in town, I make it a point to have @ least one team dinner @ Mission Inn weekly.   All I can say is my taste buds dances with joy at Mission Inn.
5	This place is amazing. Great place to bring a group of friends. Food: Is exceptional. The portions are very small and it is a little pricy but from a Scottsdale Restaurant I expect no less. I had the Mai Mai Tacos and they were just so full of flavor. Beer battered fish with an array of spices cooked to perfection. Their guacamole is superb. Absolutely to die for. And coming from Southern California that says a lot. The pumpkin bread pudding was exquisite. It had a cinnamon butter type of sauce and it made my taste buds fall in love. Service: Our Servers were great! Wonderful happy peopled that really seemed to enjoy there job. Bartenders as well were super nice. Everyone was very hospitable and made our group feel very welcomed. Atmosphere: This restaurant is gorgeous! Old mission style on the outside, modern, fancy art decor inside with subtle mission feel inside as well. The patio outside was beautiful! We had a fan that kept all of us cool and was not too loud. Everyone in our group of six had a blast and I will recommend this place to everyone who visits Scottsdale.
1	Is there less than a star rating?Met a group of 10 people at this restaurant for a friend's birthday.  First impressions were good.  It is a lovely old-world mission style building with a warm glowing Himalayan salt wall to illuminate the dining area.  Sounds amazing.  I was sold at first site.  Service seemed accommodating and eager.  The server kept asking if we wanted shots and we all declined, it was way too early to get the birthday girl that intoxicated before dinner, right?  Food was nicely displayed, minimal portions but filling and tasty.  The server asked if we wanted dessert.  We declined.  It was time to finish our wine and think about our next destination while enjoying each others company.   Suddenly, three to four dessert plates are delivered to our table.  Hhhmm, who ordered this?  It was a big table, I assumed someone wanted to share the full course dining experience.  I didn't think to inquire further.  The server again, asks if we want to do shots.  yea, no dude.  Stop with the shots.  Not interested.  A few minutes later a tray of shots shows up....Weird!  Nobody seemed interested the last few times our server asked.  But here they are so bottoms upThe bills arrives approximately $800.  Tips included.  Wow.  Okay, we split it.  We continue to consume our drinks and talk.  Minutes later, the manager ( I assume since we hadn't been graced with his presence prior to this event)  comes to our table to encourage us to leave as the restaurant is filling and they need the table.  Really?  Are you Eff-ing kidding me.  We just dropped almost a grand and have been served a full course meal and you want us to wrap it up.  Outside we are discussing this last event and our dining experience... come to find out, no one in our party ever ordered the desserts or shots!!!  Holy server manipulating and pocket padding scandal!!!What did I expect?  Ventured into Scottsdale. The land of taking advantage.
2	If you want to have a nice relaxing meal you better find some place else because you are on the clock at this place apparently.  We were asked to give up our table after an hour and 5 - 10 minutes to accomodate a bigger group (and obviously a bigger check).  Between the bottle of wine , an appetizer, and the main course I feel we were moving along at a very normal dining pace but not to them, I guess.  FIrst and last time there.
5	The Mission is one of my favorite restaurants!  I LOVE the food!!!!I have been here several times and have never had a bad experience. I have had almost everything on the menu and never been disappointed.  How does one go wrong with the atmosphere/decor, friendly staff and last but not least the best food. Must haves: Prima rita, table side guacamole, steak tacos (my fav!!!), bread pudding:) If you are looking for a great atmosphere, fun night, date night , or just a place with flavor...look no further!! I recommend this place!!! If only there were more places like this....Love for the mission!!!
5	The mission is my absolute new favorite restaurant!  The food and service is awesome!!  It is also has an incredibly beautiful atmosphere.  You walk in to find a glowing wall of salt rock, which puts a soft glow into the entire restaurant, very romantic.We made a reservation, which I would strongly suggest.  We got to sit down very quickly.  I think it is great that they take reservations for a party of any size!  Not really all that common these days.We started with the quacamole and it was excellent!  I also had the primarita, which was made with fresh squeezed limes and agave necter.  Delicious and low cal :)We, also had the cripsy pork, and halibut as suggested by our server.   Everything was amazing!Overall, our experience was great!  Friendly and attentive staff, beautiful atmosphere and delicious food!  Can't wait to go back!
4	I hate going to Scottsdale.  Too crowded, too snooty, and too far.  But I love The Mission.  Yes the ambience is nice, the people are beautiful and the service is great, but its the food that has brought me here four times in two months.The posole and sope de elote are great, I mean really good.  The almejas al vapor was okay but not my preference.I've had the mahi mahi, the pork shoulder, each twice, and they were both delicious.Save room for dessert.  It's worth it! This isn't a place for skinny chicks who want a salad.  Bring an appetite, but also bring a few bucks because this place ain't cheap.  Make reservations or suffer a very long wait, even in the heat of the summer.
5	The 5 stars here are basically just for the bartender, Mike.  He's a magician.  He made some phenomenal drinks that we'd never tasted before.  He also threw in a few samples when we weren't sure what we wanted.  The food was great as well. The chicken tacos were excellent as well as the grilled corn.  This place is a no brainer. You have to go here.  The cougars were out in full force, but it's definitely a place for the late 20's crowd as well.
4	I came here unexpectedly for my birthday dinner. I was plesantly surprised. We had the table side guacamole, the scallops, Pollo a la Brasa, and the fish tacos. All outstanding! For dessert the brought out bread pudding. It was so flipping yummy I could have bathed in it. Will go back to try everything else.
5	Mission: Delicious Latin tapas and beautiful french Decor make this place lavish and fun...I love sitting at the bar and having fun with friends or sitting in dining area for a romantic date.Every plate might be small in quanity but packs the most flavorful indulgence with quality :0)One of my top 3 places in all Scottsdale!
4	When we get the coveted and rare date night, we almost always try to hit up The Mission. That means we've been here four times since we became parents a year ago.First up, the guac is a must must must! It's some of the best guac I've ever had. Seriously, I have dreams about it. I could bath in it. And I may, if they ever let me. Secondly, the drink menu changes fairly often and although a lot them are on the sweeter side (not my fav), they do have one that I've fallen in love with. Avocado margarita- they have a fancy name for it, but it's an avocado margarita. And it's one of the best drinks in town. It may sound weird, but I'm asking you to try it because if you have taste buds, you'll be happy you did.Third on the list is the pork belly dish. Just eat it. That is all.And lastly is the halibut. I've had this dish the last two times we've eaten here and I will have it again. The sauce they give you to pour over the dish...oh, the sauce. I would have poured it directly into my mouth if it wasn't frowned upon in Scottsdale.The killer food is a great compliment to the awesome ambiance (love the chandeliers!) and the people watching. Make a reservation- the secret's out!
5	Good place to take a girlfriend or spouse.  It is a little pricey for the amount of food you get, but the quality is high.  I had the chorizo porchetta which was amazing.  The scallops are bomb as well.  Make sure you get the guacamole.  They make it right at your table and how you want it.  I felt bad i didnt have cash on me to tip the guy so if you plan to order that it probably would be a good idea to throw a couple bills his way.  we tried the churros, they were ok but i think we should of gone with the fried bananas instead.  The service was great, very attentive and informative.
5	So, we didn't have a good experience the first time we tried to go, but we really wanted to give this place a second shot.  We made reservations about 2 weeks in advance to make sure that we were all set.At first I was a little put off because when the hostess called to confirm the reservation she said that "typically, parties of 4 take about an hour and a half to eat. Will that be enough time for you?"  I was stunned because nobody has ever asked how long my dinner is going to take, especially when we make a reservation.So, we showed up last night with a little bit of a chip on our shoulder about what the dining experience would be like.It turns out that the entire evening was fantastic.  Our server, Rachel, was spectacular.  She took the time to go over the entire menu since we had never been there before.  She answered all of our questions about the dishes and made some wonderful suggestions.  Everything that we ordered was top notch!The guacamole was probably some of the best that we have ever had.  The tostada was fantastic along with the crispy pork served in the lettuce (will definitely get that again).  The steak tacos were delicious as well.Definitely get the street corn, it is out of this world!We will definitely go back to try some of the other dishes (and we will definitely make a reservation in advance).By the way, we were at our table for about 2 hours and not once did anyone come by and try to pressure us to leave.
1	OK, I went to The Mission when they first opened.  I was not impressed by their menu, or by my dinner there that evening.  I eat out every day, but never returned.  Fast forward to today.  I was headed somewhere else, but they were closed for the Labor day holiday.  There were cars parked in front of The Mission (as there generally are) so I decided that perhaps I had been hasty in my original opinion.Perhaps it was because I arrived after 3:00 when they only serve a limited menu, but I tried the brisket sandwich.  The experience didn't start off bad...it was kind of flavorful and interesting, until I realized that what I was chewing on was mostly fat.  The $12 sandwich was mostly not brisket (coleslaw and such), and the brisket that it contained was very fatty meat.  The second half of the sandwich was so greasy that I passed on the saturated bread and picked through the contents...coleslaw and fat.No third chance for this restaurant.
4	We had brunch here and everything we tried was delicious. I t was a tad pricey for what it was. And even though I found the food to be tasty, I think it kept me from going back a second time during our visit. We thought that for that $$, there are tons of other delicious spots to try.
5	Ideally, I'd like to give this restaurant 4.5 stars, but I went ahead and gave it 5 because I still have faith in the place!  Let me explain... I went to the Mission for the first time back at the beginning of July on a Sunday evening.  Upon entering, I was immediately enthralled with ambience of the place.  I loved the gothic yet romantic mood that was set by the decor and lighting.  The place was so packed on a Sunday night, that my boyfriend and I had to squeeze into a corner spot at the bar, not ideal seating, but that minor detail soon lost any importance once the friendly bartender began providing us with tasty and refreshing margaritas and extensive knowledge of the menu.  We began our meal with the guacamole.  I like to think of myself as a guacamole snob, (I modestly claim to make some of the best guacamole around...) and the guacamole here is superb.  Not bland at all, full of flavor, and I love the additions of pepitas and cotija cheese sprinkled on top.  The salsa, how i typically judge a Mexican restaurant worth its salt, was super smoky and delicious, not at all watery.  Now, for the main event, the Duck Carnitas Empanadas.  My boyfriend and I both agreed that we had never in our lives tasted something so completely and originally delicious.  They were a revelation. Now, I suppose any restaurant would have a hard time living up to the hype and standards of such an outstanding first experience for two diners. With that being said, after having raved on and on about The Mission to fellow foodies and friends, my boyfriend and I took my bestie out to dinner so she could experience the food for herself.  The salsa paled in comparison to the batch we had devoured the first time.  The smoky flavor that we loved so much was simply no where to be found.  We ordered the duck empanadas with anticipation, knowing that there was no way these could disappoint.  Unfortunately, we were wrong.  They didn't excite me or my boyfriend the way they had the first time. We were both so giddy about savoring these genius pockets of poultry, but left feeling sorely disappointed. So my point is this: the food is still delicious and inventive enough to give The Mission a try, but in my experience, it's just somewhat inconsistent.  Perhaps the chef who works on Sunday nights cooks with a little more love and patience.  My first time dining at The Mission was so memorable that I will definitely return in the future, I'll just make sure it's on a Sunday evening.
5	My 3 year old (going on 10) daughter accompanied myself and a friend from out of town last Thursday ( around 7:30 pm).  There was a 45 minute wait for seating inside: we opted for the patio.  The ambiance is great in and out! I loved it!  The staff (hostess, server, busers & manager) were all VERY attentive! Service is outstanding! I want to emphasize how AMAZING our server was!   She was so attentive to my daughter's needs: which, was a wonderful surprise seeing as it's not really a child friendly restaurant (would have never known by the star treatment our server gave her)! My daughter had a good time and enjoyed her specially made dinner at the request of our server! Last,but not least, the food was delicious!  :)
5	I can't say enough about The Mission! The table side guacamole was amazingly flavorful... Chunky, spicy, great flavor. I had the pork shoulder tacos and my husband had the skirt steak tacos. Both had really great flavor and texture. We also had the street corn... The best corn, I've ever had! The buttery cotija cheese sauce drizzled over the corn was spicy and really added a unique flavor that was delicious. The service was prompt and friendly, too. We sat at the bar and had a great time. We will definitely go back! Give it a try... It's worth it!
5	Awesome food, great ambiance, friendly service.  All in all the perfect dining experience.  Try the Peruvian Stew and the steak Tacos.  They are perfect.  The best food in AZ.
3	Luckily my wife was with me or I would have given the mission 1 star based on my meal. I was served one of the worst meals I've ever ordered in a restaurant. I order a chicken entree from what I thought was a nice restaurant, not a pub. The server placed a large plate in front of me, it had a gigantic pile of fries and 4 pieces of chicken laid on top. The chicken was covered in a ketchup flavored BBQ sauce. That's it... It was comical that the chef actually thought of this meal. I wouldn't serve it to my 5 year old... My wife ordered the tacos and out of desperation I reached over and grabbed a taco. It was amazing! I couldn't believe the same restaurant would serve 2 completely different meals. I don't get it. Moral of my story is if you go to Mission which has a good ambiance and feel...just don't order the chicken entree!And if the chef reads this, please take that off your menu.
2	Stopped in here for drinks during "happy hour"  and there seems not to be one here. Not quite sure if they think they are too good for it. I dont mind spending $12 on a drink if its worth it but um...their drinks are 4 sips and $12. Their Margarita was blech too.. sorry Mission wont go back! didnt give it 1 star b/c the food looks promising.
4	Great spot for good food and great drinks! We sat at the bar and had few Mission margaritas which was great. Then we had the guacamole , table side. It is delicious but not enough for four people. I had the hanger steak ! It was cooked perfect ! I would definitely recommend it!
5	WOW!! The Mission is incredible. One of the top 5 restaurants in all of Phoenix if you ask me. They hit on all cylinders, the food is awesome (try the pork shoulder) the ambiance is beautiful and inviting, the staff is knowledgable and attractive and the bar has great cocktails. Wine list could be a little more diverse but all in all one of the best places i've dined in Arizona. If you haven't been here you must go. Great place to have a nice dinner or take a date.
4	Great atmosphere and really friendly bar staff. They light the place up with candles every night. The food is great and the only reason I didn't give them a 5 star is because the drinks were a little pricy for what you get.
5	On a tip from our concierge when asking "Where can I get the best guacamole", the only response we received was "The Mission". Located in Scottsdale, this restaurant is dark, sexy and delicious. Inside, the decor is ambient and moody. Outside on the patio, its dimly lit and warm with the fireplace going. The table side guacamole is amazing and quite possibly that best Ive had. The food is creative and delicious. Try the butternut squash tacos and honey chipotle grits! The service is professional and overall, this place is perfect for people watching as well. I highly recommend The Mission, you wont regret it!
4	I came here yesterday with my friend for lunch.  As of now I will give The Mission 4.5 stars out of 5 only because we did not have any entrees, we split several appetizers, so I can't give that extra half star or even maybe take that half star away.   We split the brisket torta, which was heavenly.  After my first bite I was in love.  The aji amarillo sauce I could spread all over everything I eat.  Next we had the Almejas Al Vapor and all I have to say is that this soup is transcendental.  I have never tasted anything like this before.  The broth is a yellow pepper base and I never knew you could get this type of sublime flavor from a yellow pepper.  Clams, rock shrimp, chorizo, pan de yucca, aji amarillo, and roast corn.  Please bring me more of this delicious soup!!!   Then our bartender / waiter brought us out a complimentary order of the grilled street corn.  I do have to say that I am not a fan of spicy food whatsoever but the chile paprika and cojita sauce was done so tastefully that I extremely enjoyed it.   The decor, is intimate.  This is a place you would love to take someone to impress them.  Candle holders carved out of Peruvian sea salt, a classy act right there.  Somber atmosphere, at tentative and attractive waitstaff.  Attractive food and an all around great time.  I will be back soon and if not for anything but the soup I will be a very, very happy man.
4	Having heard Phoenix dining doesn't often extend past 10pm I was admittedly surprised by the people waiting out the door but judging from the number of halter-tops and guys wearing sun glasses at night I quickly realized that The Mission was not all about "dining" after all and on my new friend's arrival we exchanged greetings and made our way through the crowd, across the patio, and into the dimly lit room.  Setting prejudices aside and deciding to let the food do the talking I was pleasantly surprised.  Full review with pictures is in my blog, highlight dishes are below:With the kitchen moving surprisingly quickly despite (or perhaps because of) the late hour it would be perhaps fifteen minutes before our first course of the evening would arrive and although something I'd not have traditionally ordered the Almejas Al Vapor would prove to be well worth its "best in the valley" designation.  Described as Peruvian in origin and served in a large low-bowl along with dense "pan de yucca" bread with a good sponge for dipping this complex amalgam of spicy aji Amarillo chile powder, tender clam stew, rock shrimp, chorizo, roast corn, basil, garlic, and turmeric was everything its ingredients suggested and then some - hot and spicy, smoky and garlicky, sweet but saline, and all the while complex without being overwhelming.  While I personally could have stood for just a bit less salt and a touch more sweet to temper the spice this was a small quibble balanced nicely by the sweet rolls.For the second of this round of appetizers my favorite plate of the meal would be presented as "Duck Carnitas Empanada," an invariably upscale take on the traditional empanada with a golden flaky shell harboring orange glazed duck confit and an admixture of habaneros, mushrooms, cilantro, and queso Oaxaca.  Delectable on its own but certainly open to further adornment the empanada was subsequently topped with a chunk of seared foie gras and finally with a foie fortified queso Oaxaca pan sauce and a drizzle of tamarind oil with the end result sweet, savory, and totally decadent.Left with a bit more time to digest and a lot less noise as the restaurant's population had literally dwindled by half a mere forty-five minutes after we were seated the final savory of the evening would arrive just after 11pm and as I was doing the ordering it just so happened to be a second round of my favorite fowl, this time the "Green Chile Duck Confit."  Ample in portion and more so in flavor this pile of two legs and two thighs featured a whole lot of duck for the dollar but unfortunately was just a bit less crispy than one would have hoped - a small quibble as it was not greasy, but not "textbook" confit by any means.  Again spicy without being "hot" the duck subsequently topped with sultana serrano peanut mole and paired on the plate with savory "cheesy fried hominy" that tasted something like a cross between popcorn and corn nuts plus smoked mushrooms to help ground the rest of the flavors.For dessert The Mission's Pumpkin Bread Pudding with Scotch, Caramel, Pepitas, Pomeganate, and Chipotle seasonings was quite outstanding.  Beginning first with the pudding, almost a steamed sticky pudding in texture, the flavor of the pumpkin, cinnamon, and clove was present in spades and the scotch tones blended nicely with the sweet caramel giving it all a heavy handed boozy bite.  With a touch of spice from the chipotle cooled by quickly melting dulce de leche ice cream I additionally found a lot of appeal in the pumpkin seeds and pomegranate with their respective salty and sweet crunch adding some texture.A modest tab, particularly when split, we opted to divide the bill down the middle and with that we made our way to the streets where, as I'd been told, few people were to be found at 11:30pm even on a Saturday.  Saying our goodbyes I made my way to my car satisfied with my meal at the Mission and realizing that perhaps my bias against "scene restaurants" was a bit unfounded, much like my preconceptions about "Southwest cuisine" - a fitting conclusion to my first trip to Arizona and a bit of reassurance that I could undoubtedly live here.  Sure the city shuts down early but to be completely honest by the time we left The Mission it was already nearly 2 hours after my typical bedtime anyway.
4	This place is fabulous! The food, the drinks, the decor, the service.... Minus one star because they were out of pozole soup. However we had the tecate skirt steak tacos, chipotle Caesar salad, Chorizo porchetta... Highly recommended. Definitely plan on returning for some pork shoulder tacos!
4	I took a trip from the NY metro area to Phoenix this weekend and local took me here to get a taste of "real" Mexican food. I'm pleased to report that the food here is worth a try when you're in town. The restaurant had a wonderful atmosphere, whereas it was dimly lit and had a ton of strategically placed candles. It really made me fee like I was in Phoenix. For those of you who've tried Dos Comino's in NYC, Mission is right up there with them. The guacamole was made table side but was a little too spicy even though we asked for medium. Even with the extreme spice it tasted extremely fresh and authentic had the crispy pork belly appetizer and shared the pork shoulder entree with a friend. The corn tortillas were fresh and the pork was fork tender. They had negro modello on TAP which I've never seen in the northeast. I ended up dropping $50 on the meal but I thought it was well work it. This place is by no means a hole in the wall southwest US Mexican food restaurant and it knows it.
4	Went here for the first time for a bachelorette party.Loved the decor.  Loved the service.   Street Corn was amazing. I could literally just eat that corn all night long. Tableside guac was great. Also had a chipotle ceasar and steak tacos.  The steak was amazingly tender.  I wish the tacos were a little more flavorful, though.I would love to go here for a date night, as well.
4	Loved the courtyard with the fireplace.  Service was excellent.  Guacamole was fantastic and whipped up table side.   One dish was salmon on salad (special order for my wife).  Second main course was filet which was good but the sauce prepared with it was way too salty and is disguised the taste of the meat.   Overall though our best dining experience in Scottsdale this trip.Time your reservation to sit outside and enjoy the sunset.
1	If you are 21 and don't know what good food is, but want to drink with your friends in a loud room, this is your spot.  "Soulless Mexican food" is the only way I can describe The Mission.  We had some tacos and guacamole that were expensive and really mediocre.  Drinks were fine but nothing great.  We sat in the courtyard patio area and busboys and waiters hovered annoyingly over our table for the duration of the evening.  It took ten minutes for us to be seated even though we had reservations and the restaurant was half empty.  I don't understand the appeal here at all.  Only way to justify the one star rating is the outdoor fireplace.
4	The Mission is a great place to come for a fancier Mexican meal. The atmosphere is trendy and fun, there are a ton of drink options, and the food is quite good. I had:- Tableside Guacamole: Rather overpriced at $12 for 1 avocado's worth of mush but perfectly delicious. Everything tastes very fresh and it had the prefect amount of citrus, garlic, cilantro, and spice. - Butternut Squash Tacos: Yummy! I was nervous that the squash would be too sweet but the flavors ended up working very well together and it was a satisfying savory dish. This is the only vegetarian entree, but I don't think vegetarians suffer with this delicious dish. It isn't all that big so definitely order an appetizer or additional side.- White Bean Puree: Super delicious and kind of like an awesome mexican take on hummus. - Espresso Churros with Milkshake: Awesome dessert. I hate coffee flavored desserts and thankfully this one didn't taste a thing like espresso. The churros are warm and soft and taste good on their own or paired with the milkshake. The milkshake is basically a vanilla version of mexican hot chocolate with strong notes of cinnamon and other spices.I definitely recommend the Mission as a place to bring a date, your girlfriends, your parents, basically anyone you like.
5	Sooo good! Cool place. Guacamole is expensive and not the best. They do make it in front of you which is neat.
3	I went here for dinner the other night and was pleasantly surprised. I was dining alone, but the patio with the fireplace was a nice quiet place to hang out, read a book on my Kindle, and have some tasty food. The prices were a bit crazy. I'm used to excellent restaurants that have talented chefs, but I thought the prices were a bit much. I ordered a Margarita. It was $14. I expected more than 2 oz. of Margarita in an 8 oz. glass FULL OF ICE. It was an OK Margarita, but not worth $14. Chicken soup was very tasty, and the Chipotle Caesar had interesting flavors. So, apart from the ridiculously overpriced drink, I think it's a perfectly nice place to eat. Be prepared to spend about $50 per person (minimum). Unless you just have an entree and a glass of water.
5	For our anniversary my wife and I decided to try The Mission to see it would live up to the hype. First impression when walking through the door is that it was a bit loud. But it being a Friday night we were necessarily surprised. Had made reservations and were nearly immediately seated with wait staff being very attentive even with all the chaos around. The decor is quite stunning. While humble from the outside, the inside is modern and classy. They also have an outdoor area with heat lamps and blankets for those who do not mind the frigid Scottsdale weather. We noticed some of the tables around us just ordering drinks and a few appetizers as their entrees, kind of tapas-like, rather than ordering from the A La Plancha (grilled on metal plate) versus the A La Parilla (from the bbq or hot coal) part of the menu. It seemed almost obligatory that most diners ordered the table-side made guacamole. And it appears that to get chips and salsa you have to order the guacamole. My wife and I really did not come to The Mission to eat chips and guacamole so we decided to pass. Also it seemed a bit steep in price at $12, though diners around us seemed to be enjoying it. In regards to the food and drinks menu, items are a bit pricey, but in retrospect on our meal I feel it was rather reasonable. The drink prices probably could use a small bump down, but being in Downtown Scottsdale I feel overpriced drinks are the norm (unfortunately). My wife and I ordered a couple Margaritas. I had the classic Mission and she had the Blood Orange. We followed up by ordering the Mini Chicken Tostadas and the Pork Belly Pibil as our appetizer. The Tostadas were a bit small but packed with flavor. The Pork Belly Pibil, however, stole my heart. A fairly sizeable chunk of pork belly slow roasted and served with pickled onions atop and a avocado cream and banana habenero aioli. The cream and aioli complimented the fatty pork belly, which I could literally eat as my meal alone. Probably one of the best Pork Belly dishes I have had. If you like fatty pork, you must order this. We continued our unhealthy eating habits by ordering the Chorizo Porchetta and the Creekstone Filet. Filet was cooked well at medium-rare with proper seasoning and nice accompanying sauce on the plate. The Chorizo Porchetta nearly sent me into palpitations. They took pork and stuffed chorizo in it. It sounds grotesque, but it tasted incredible, albeit a little overwhelming as we had just had pork belly and steak. Throwing caution to the wind, we finished with the Espresso Churros, which is served with a milkshake. It was a perfect dessert to share between us. We managed to finish everything but we both found ourselves completely full afterwards. The waitstaff was attentive, providing us with complimentary tastes of frozen watermelon margaritas between our appetizer and main course. We never had to find them or ask for more water which was again was a pleasant surprise given how busy it actually was. After all the food and drinks we ended up with a bill about $110 between the two of us, which I think is pretty reasonable for the food, drink and dining experience. I think you could possibly get away with the bill being considerably less, as we did order a bit too much food. Also the drinks we ordered were alone around $30. (Side note: they also have pork shoulder tacos, which is actually for two. Its about $32 total and according to the waiter you get a large slow roasted pork shoulder, and unlimited tortillas and sides to make tacos. It reminded me of the family style pork dish at Momofuku in NYC. Definitely will be trying this in the future.) Hands down my favorite restaurant in Scottsdale thus far.
1	I have to preface this review by saying that I have never written a review, let alone a negative one.  However, after the response of the owner, I am happily writing this review. That being said....Food poisoning is a key indicator of extreme health code violations. Mission, if you read this, clean your kitchen, make sure employees who prep food in your kitchen wash their hands, wear gloves, and make sure your food is fresh and stored properly. I ordered a salad and table side guacamole. About 30 minutes later I had to go home. Cutting straight to the point, I spent Thanksgiving eve and day projectile vomiting the contents of my stomach. Went to the doctor, positive for food poisoning.  My friend was extremely ill also.  My parents were dining with a friend who was with the owner of Mission (at Tommy V's which I recommend to anyone as it is a professional and CLEAN environment with great food.) The friend informed him of my food poisoning from dining in his restaurant and his response was, "well, eating out is dangerous." REALLY?!!!!!! Thankfully for this rude and inconsiderate man, I am not an elderly person or baby that could have been fatally injured by his carelessness. Unfortunately for him, negative reviews spread 10x as fast as a positive review. My friends and friends of their friends as well as family members will not be dining at Mission again. I contacted the health department of maricopa and informed them of the situation.  That type of arrogant attitude from the owner is what will lead to this establishment being shut down. Maybe he will take pride in his restaurant after someone dies and he's slapped with a lawsuit. I fear for the health of future diners.
5	Super cute neighborhood, AWESOME atmosphere and decor with good looking people all in a great mood having fun.  Excellent service, beautiful presentation and a menu you just can't decide on because there are so many great choices.  Fun with a group, especially at the community table.  Fun upbeat bar.  Decor is cozy and dim but festive at the same time.  And on top of all this the good is EXCELLENT.  Highlights we're street corn with a special sauce that is reminiscent of thousand island but sweeter and zestier, yucca fries w tangy BBQ sauce, Caesar salad with a tex-mex twist, saucy short ribs, and pumpkin bread pudding to die for!
5	I went to The Mission on Thursday 12/15 and it was an incredible experience. We went in with a large party (10 ppl) and our server was awesome. My family can be a handful and we wanted for very little during our meal.  The guacamole is awesome and made right at the table; although, we asked for hot and we felt it could have used a little more heat.  While we had several different dishes, I would highly, highly, highly recommend the duck.  Another table favorite was the pork tacos with the pineapple glaze.  My aunt is quite sensitive to spice and so we asked for ALL of the glaze on the side and it was perfect and very mild.For dessert, we had a pumpkin bread pudding and while bread pudding is not my favorite (at all) - this one was exceptional.I will definitely be back! Yum!
4	I came here for brunch with the fam a few weeks ago and loved it. I had the Mission Huevo Ranchero w/ red chile pork and it was delicious. The french press coffee was also really good and they even brought an extra cup set so I could share with my parents.Next time, we will have to come back for dinner. It's also not very far from where my parents live and I'm usually in town at least twice a year.
2	OVERPRICED ! The pork chop dinner was A pork chop ($28) Nothing on the plate but the pork chop. No apple ring...applesauce or even a sprig of parsley.$32 for ten tiny tacos with pork shoulder supposedly for two.  Each taco was two bites and my husband did the math.  It was so dark that the waiter gave us a flashlight to read the menu.  We were given the Bum's rush after our last bite of food.  The portions were so small that it didn't take us long to eat so we hadn't had time to visit with our friends.  The manger came to "push us out the door" No pretense about inquiring about our food or service.  $12 for chips for two?  We will return to our favorite Mexican restuarant where the chips and salsa are your welcome to the restuarant.  The Mission won't last.  It is definately not a family restuarant.  Too loud and too yuppy.
3	I want to give them more stars but just can't . I will eat there again and re-review. Here is the story, It was the day after xmas for lunch, they were crowded and it looked like most of the wait staff was either off or missed work. The poor waitress did her best and tried to explain the menu in a rush(she did well, considering), but just too many people to cover all the tables she was given.  Guacamole is great, homemade chips too.  I had brisket sandwich which was good But my girlfriends dish which was supposed to be drizzled in vinegar was soaked, so it tasted very bad.  Place has tons of potential, interesting menu, great atmosphere but just needs a little help.
4	Dined here for the first time on New Years Eve and I couldn't have asked for a more delicious meal.We ordered:1- Grilled Street Corn: SO delicious. A skewer of corn with butter, chile paprika and cotija. Its spicy and just the right amount of food for a starter. 2- Guacamole: they make it for you right at your table! You can choose how spicy you want it and can tell your guac mixer to skip the onions. :)And last but not least...3- Roasted Organic Butternut squash Taco's: Spicy black bean sofrito, cumin, coriander+poblano, pickled jalapeno+cotija. These are easily the most delicious vegetarian taco's I have ever had. Delicious and again, not over board on the portions.To drink? we ordered the Bitter Bee's. Hendricks gin, lime, basil, AZ honey and grapefruit. I could tell instantly how fresh the grapefruit juice was. If t wasn't squeezed you fooled me! We skipped dessert because with all this goodness we were pretty full. We made a reservation for two outside around 5:45pm and had zero issues getting seated as soon as we arrived. We sat at the back patio and while the atmosphere was dimly lit and beautiful for a cozy NYE meal, there was a funky smell coming from, what we guessed, their water fountain. Slowly we became desensitized to the smell and once the food was there, we didn't really notice much else going on around us. Service was great and I can't wait to go back there again.
5	I'm stingy with my 5 star reviews, but this place deserves it. I'll admit, I was hesitant to go when my brother suggested it. I assumed it would be trendy, touristy and kinda show-offy which are 3 things I am not, but it wasn't like that at all. We met here for dinner New Year's Day and this place was packed. We had a reservation for indoor, but decided to change it to outdoor. There was a 10 minute wait for a seat so the hostess gave us complimentary mini margaritas. There is outdoor seating in the front of the restaurant which is kinda small and intrusive so I was delighted when we were led to the back outdoor area. It was spacious and nicely decorated. There were several large heaters throughout the patio which kept us comfortable. We started out with chips and the best salsa I've ever had....it was so good we ordered another bowl. We also got mission fries & guac. The guac was very original: avocado, cheese, onion, cilantro, tomato, lime and pumpkin seeds. It was great. I went with the pork belly lettuce wraps, 3 come in a serving. I think I died and went to heaven, I only wish I had 10 more. My husband got the chimichurri hangar steak. He asked for medium, but it was more like rare. I don't eat red meat that often and the fact that it was literally red turned me off. My brother ordered the mahi mahi tacos, 3 come in a serving. The waited suggested he order a 4th taco because they are on the small side. The tacos were fabulous. He aslo got a side of Tennessee, chipotle grits. They were creamy, smoky and yummy.This is the first meal since moving to Phoenix that I really enjoyed. I wish I had more of everything. A shout out to Sal, our wonderful waiter. We will be back.
5	The Mission NEVER disappoints!  Still in love after 3+ years.  Each time I am at there I always try something new.  I was fortunate enough to choose the chimichurri steak served over a cheese bread (the server informed me the bread was gluten free, BONUS) and washed it down with a coconut strawberry mojito.  The staff is always so friendly and accommodating, even when it is busy and the restaurant is full.
5	This place is super, no other way to put it. Anything made with pork on the menu will be one of your favorite pork dishes.  And they have a rum menu, so if you're looking to complete a rum tour around the world, feel free.
5	This place is so wonderful, I almost don't know where to start!The food: Outstanding.  We started with chips & salsa, guacamole, and chicken anticuchos.  The salsa was one of the best we've ever had.  The guac, made fresh tableside, was to die for.  The chips?  Homemade and still warm.  The anticuchos were perfectly seasoned, on a bed of deliciously spicy mole, and just the right portion for a starter.  We were impressed and we hadn't even gotten to the main event!I ordered the citrus-cured Chilean salmon.  Incredible.  Also, "huitlacoche & sweet corn puree" does not adequately prepare one for the smoky bites of heaven that are the side dish to the slightly caramelized fish.  My boyfriend ordered the chorizo porchetta, so melt-in-your-mouth tender that you could cut it with a fork.  Everything was beautifully plated, in portion sizes that are appropriate for such rich, flavorful food.We left no room for dessert, but we can vouch for the bar:  fantastic cocktails (Bitter Bees was a really good one), and if you're a white wine drinker, either of the albarinos are great, but the Licia was a perfect pair with the rich salmon.The atmosphere/service:  The restaurant is gorgeous, elegantly dark with chandeliers and a glowing salt wall.  It is also very warm;  we opted to sit outdoors.  Perfect choice - we dined under the stars, next to a fireplace.  Patio heaters keep the area comfortable.  The outdoor area is mostly lit by candles, so it can be a bit dark;  our waitress gave us a small flashlight, to make menu-reading easier, without us having to ask for such a thing.It is loud - though slightly less so outdoors than in - and the service was pretty good for how crowded it was.  We were early for our reservations, and still were seated almost immediately.  (And I was surprised how busy they were, on a Monday night, when all the other restaurants in that area of Scottsdale were dead quiet... I think it speaks to the quality of food here!)All in all, it was a top-rate dining experience, and a perfect start to our vacation - if we lived in the area, we'd go back again and again.
5	The Pork shoulder tacos were outstanding, as was the tostada appetizer and the elderflower Paloma.  A very creative and well thought out menu paired with a charming, warm and romantic ambience.  This is certainly my new favorite in Old Town Scottsdale!
5	Absolutely a must when in Scottsdale,Old town Scottsdale. A unique experience unparalleled by any other. We had the mission margarita, and a sample taste of the frozen mint lemonade margarita, fabulous! Hubby had the clam stew, which he said was fabulous. I had the pork shoulder tacos with pineapple ended cilantro, beautiful presentation and pleasing to the palette. Sam, our waiter, was top notch, made great recommendations and offered exceptional service. We went at 4:30 pm and were seated immediately and the afternoon menu still available.  Trusting Sam with the desert selection, it was fabulous!  Pumpkin bread pudding with pomegranate seeds and toasted pumpkin seeds with a rum sauce, Amazing!  This was one of the highlights of our trips
5	Was in town by myself from NYC for a business trip and came here on the recommendation of the bartender at the W. Sat at the bar and had a phenomenal dinner! Ordered a primarita cocktail, street corn (best I've had) and butternut squash tacos (small, but very filling). Also ordered the Pumpkin Bread Pudding for dessert and almost punched the bartender it was so good! Seriously, out of this world. Great service all around and a fun atmosphere. There's outdoor seating next to a fireplace which looked great as well. Highly recommend!
3	I'm downgrading my original rating of this restaurant from 5 stars to 3 stars.  I know for a fact, that the Mission claims to have some of the best Posole (or pozole, which ever you prefer) around.  Well, not anymore.  Distrito has them beat, hands down.  After tasting the pozole at Distrito, which features an unexpected garnish of littleneck clams), the pozole at The Mission seems bland and ordinary at best.  Also, after having eaten at several other upscale Mexican restaurants as of late, the food at The Mission only seems to become increasingly more over priced in comparison.  The new restaurant featuring Mayan/Aztec cuisine on Scottsdale and Thomas, Caldero, offers equally delicious food at much better prices.  Sure, the ambience isn't near as upscale or unique there, but personally, I go out to eat for a good meal, not the decoration. If you're looking for small portions as exorbitant prices, then yes, The Mission is for you.  If not, then look else where.
2	If you go to the mission, you'll enjoy some great food and an elegant setting. I highly recommend getting the guacamole that they make fresh.You must also be prepared to deal with the worst service in Scottsdale. The waiter asked me and a friend how we found out about the place, and he made us feel out of place. He also assumed that we were having trouble reading the menu because the quality of food was too good for our tastes.
3	hmmm. so i loved the place and atmosphere, but maybe i ordered the wrong thing. We weren't that hungry so we ordered the fish mahi mahi tacos & steak tacos, the fish was very oily and tasted strange, while the steak had too much of a hickory bacon taste, i LOVED the place + Service but the food wasn't good. However i will go back and try one of their specialties
4	Some buddies and I went to Scottsdale for a golfing boondoggle last week and a couple of guys in the know directed us to The Mission.DANG!We let our server, Jonathan, drive the car so to speak.  He quizzed us on our likes and dislikes and brought us our orders (we didn't specifically order).  We had 7 people in our group and every plate was spot on.  We started with the chicken (thigh) tostadas and the crispy cola pork belly tostadas.  They were great; particularly the pork belly ones.  MAN were those good.  My dinner was the Chorizo Porchetta which brought a big hunk of slow cooked pork that shredded beautifully.  Along side this hunka hunka porky love was a salt block carrying 10 small corn tortillas to build little tacos from.  Some tasty accompaniments: sauce, onion, & cilantro, finished the presentation.  It was a fantastic dish.  The other 6 dishes were just as great.  To note: the honey chipotle grits that my buddy got were super tasty.  Especially when you dumped some of their ghost chili sauce (forget what it was called).  Desert was the Pumpkin bread pudding (YUM!) and fried bananas.  All in all, a fantastic place.  Really good.
4	Second time but first time for dinnerVibrant atmosphere great food See you there soon
4	Service, desserts, and coffee were really good. I thought the brunch entrees were tasty, but not overwhelmingly so. The decor is...something else...makes me think I'm in the newest interpretation of Underworld, but I stopped smirking at it after a while.
5	This old town spot has an amazing atmosphere.  Dim lighting, rich wood and hardwood floors add to the cute outdoor patio area for a great location.  The menu is like Tapas and the tableside guacamole  is excellent, best I've tasted.Prices are typical Scottsdale, but portions are fair for the price.  Service was excellent and drink refills were always plentiful.  Tacos are yummy, try the pork for sure at lunch.  Restroom decor is even very chic.  The staff were perfect, very professional.  When your in the mood to drop $50 on lunch for two, this is the place for sure.  Table were a little small given the sharing design and small dishes menu is my only feedback.
4	such a big fan!  we called for reservations late in the game (around 430 pm for that night) and they were able to reserve us a table at 630 on the patio.  the restaurant has a great atmosphere- not at all what i expected for old town scottsdale.  it's really pretty and nice and a really great place to dine.our server was super friendly and attentive and the food was phenomenal! we got the sophia loren cocktail and the avocado margarita- both were strong but delicious.  for food we shared the duck carnitas empanada which was phenomenal, mahi mahi tacos and chorizo porchetta.  the tacos and the porchetta were both a good portion and really delicious.
5	Hip, stylish, lively atmosphere.  Excellent service.  Delicious, interesting food.  I can't think of what else you would need in a restaurant.  FABULOUS!  The street corn, duck carnitas, pozole, pork shoulder tacos, and avocado margaritas (EXCEPTIONAL!) were outstanding.  I wouldn't recommend this place for people who are hard of hearing, because it is a bit loud.  Otherwise, this place is perfect.
5	Really good food, amazing ambiance, and super friendly personal!
4	My wife and I were visiting Old Scottsdale and The Mission was on our short list of places to eat. We ordered the fresh guacamole and it was very good. For the main course I had the Pazole soup and my wife had the skirt steak tacos. The soup was out of this world. Smoked pork in a spicy tomato broth with hominy and avocado. The skirt steak tacos were nice with a charred ouside and tender on the outside. Top it off with a few margaritas with Grand Marnier!
4	Great atmosphere. Excellent Pork dishes.  Empanadas were really greasy, but otherwise everything was perfect.
5	Very enjoyable meal. Would rate 4.5 stars so I'll round up. We had lunch on a Saturday. Weekend menu has brunch items as well as the regular menu. We got the tableside guacamole which was great. We also shared the grilled street corn which was nicely topped with a spicy cream/cheese sauce. I had steak tacos and wife had chicken tacos. Small tortillas but stacked with a good amount of the meat/fish of choice. Can sit out on the pato or inside which is nicely done in wood and dark tones. Service was very efficient and attentive. My only complaint was the table for 2 is too small. Having chips and guac leaves little room for other plates. Dessert menu could be improved. We had the fried banana and it was okay but enjoyed the cinammon gelato. Prices a little high but on avg for Old Town. Will definitely return for the guac and tacos!
5	Guacamole was best I've had!
5	A favorite of mine. Wonderful food, wonderful service, great atmosphere. I try to go every weekend if I am lucky. Try the agave syrup Margarita. I am in love. My Saturday afternoon place. I wish they would remember me though. Jeepers we come often enough! :-)
3	The Mission had me for a moment. The inside was so dark, our waitress looked overworked and the table-side guacamole inspired an eye roll from me for its gimmickiness. I suppose if you go there to romance someone the candle lit dimness sets a certain kind of ambience. But if you are there like me to get some serious grub, the darkness is just plain annoying. Ok now lets talk about food. Its just too bad the other half and I are not big eaters, otherwise we would have ordered a lot more than the table-side guacamole, kale salad, street corn and mahi mahi tacos.The eye-rolling-inducing guacamole is nothing to write home about. Something one can easily make at home or get in one of the many tacquerias for half the price. Now, the Kale Salad. Ah the Kale Salad with its julienned- cut kale, cleverly sized bits of blood orange, roasted peppitos, peeled whole little tomatoes and dressing that erred a little to the overwhelming side.  This is one of those meals that made me think about the process of creating the food. Man, I wish I knew how to perfectly peel the skin of a little tomato without crushing the tomatoes or how do I take the bitterness of uncooked kale into a salad that has a myriad of wonderful textures and flavor. I really really appreciated the bitter chewy bits of the blood orange because by itself would have made me upset but paired with the rest of the salad, the combo just worked.  Did I mention I really like this salad?The Mahi Mahi Taco was interesting. The juxtaposition of the large battered mahi with the tiny taco made me wonder but when I bit into it, I understood the intention was to highlight the fish and the other condiments compliment the fish.  Too bad I don't like greasy fish too much, otherwise I'd enjoy this dish a bit more.I asked my Street Corn to be stripped from its cob. I like corn. I am guessing the appeal of this side dish is the mayo-based sauce. Meh. I am okay with it.I'd give 4 stars for the Kale Salad alone but service plus darkness.. hmm 3 stars is generous.
5	Took my fiance' there for Valentine's day/ Birthday.  I did a lot of research of romantic places around the Valley, and this one really caught my eye.  Immediately after walking through the door, you'll notice a dark and romantic ambiance with a lot of candle light.  Seating is a bit tight, but it wasn't bad enough for me to give it a lower review.  We began with an appetizer called "Table side guacamole" which was incredible to say the least.  It literally is made in front of your table.  Then it was onto the main dish... Build-your-own  Pork tacos.  Talk about tender meat!!  The shoulder of pork literally fell right off onto the fork.  The tortillas were exceptional, and so was the tasty sauce which included pineapple glaze.  So, the food was absolutely delicious...but the service was equally impressive.  My water level never reached the bottom of the glass the entire night, and I drink plenty!  Everyone was incredibly nice and cheerfully said "Happy Valentine's Day!" and "Happy Birthday!" to my fiance', which made the experience even better.  A fantastic place that I'll have no problem recommending to others to visit!
5	We had lunch here after conquering Camelback Mtn...  ; )The table side made guacamole is OUTSTANDING...my wife got the steak tacos and really like them and I got the pork tacos and they were okay.  The tacos portions are smaller, but the prices are fair, the service is really good and the guacamole is well worht the trip!
5	Unbelievable . MUST TRY. Great service and better food
1	I was excited to try this restaurant after reading the reviews.  Sadly, I was majorly disappointed. We arrived after the lunch crowd, yet had to wait a very long time for our food to arrive. We started with the table side guacamole and the avocado was not ripe enough ... The chicken taco horrible and pumpkin bread pudding too sweet. Do not arrive starving, because the wait staff moves like turtles.  I give this a three at best.  Not worth the $$$
4	Went to this place yesterday for dinner....amazing food, great ambience, good service! A tad too dark though.This place was really happening even on a Thursday night but, it is too dark to see your food. It is perfect for a romantic setting where it does not matter what you eat till you date looks good eating it. My boyfriend and I shared the pork taco plate, the tacos are bite-size, never seen such small tacos. We had to order extra tacos (of course, they were not free), but the meat was just awesome. A great place for fun dinner, a little on the expensive side but worth it if you do not want to look at what you are eating.
4	After doing my Yelp research, this was on my dinner short list. This coincided with a recommendation from a hotel, so off we went. We sat outside in the nice little courtyard. Patio heaters kept things warm. The menu is just long enough. We started with the duck confit empanadas (great!) and got a serving of the pork shoulder tacos to share between the 3 of us (quite good, but the meat could have had a bit more flavour). The crispy cola pork was terrific; crispy flavourful pork on a lettuce cup.For my main course I selected the port shoulder and chorizo roll. Our awesome waitress warned us that some people found it could be a bit dry because it gets cooked 3 times. So while you're starting with a piece of meat with plenty of fat, it gets a bit dryer. I tried anyhow and agree a bit -- it was still very good and I don't regret my selection. I tasked my friend's short rib and that was also very good.Overall, great experience made by solid food, excellent service, and nice ambiance.
5	The guacamole is outstanding as are the street tacos.  The tequila flights and margaritas were also good. The overall atmosphere is nice.  There is a bar as well as seating areas.  The outside patio is probably the best place to sit.
4	Loved it. My husband wasn't so impressed at first because it was dark, trendy, and packed.  He is was pleasantly surprised at the great food!  The server calmed him down and was very attentive to his discomfort. We had steak tacos and pumpkin bread pudding. I love that kind of atmosphere and my husband...well he doesn't like to to go out of his comfort zone,  and I loved it!!
4	We had dinner here on a packed Thursday night. The decor and ambiance is top notch. The food was interesting and very good overall. We had to wait a long, long time between courses but the friendly waiter, Sam, made it right by not charging us for several items. Yes, the guacamole was good but a little small for $12. The chips were delicious but needed salt, which we had to ask for. Unfortunately we filled up on the chips and dip before our chicken and scallop mini tacos were served. The pork lettuce wraps were small but very tasty. I told our waiter when we first sat down that I was a big fan of grits and he said could get both types with my order but it never came. When I mentioned it at the end of our meal, he quickly brought me a tiny taste of the honey grits (no charge) which were spicy and sweet and a little strange. It probably would have tasted better if I had tried it before I was so full. Ditto for the pumpkin banana bread pudding, which was huge. I left feeling over stuffed and sick, which is something I never, ever do. I would go back but I would order less food and just stick to one dish along with the guacamole and bread pudding.
3	Went tonight for business.  It rained so the patio was closed therefore it was very crowded inside.  It was dark, they had to pass around flashlights to see the menu.  The waiter was very nice and informative about the menu since it was our first time.  He said that their specialty was pork and did an outstanding job selling the homemade guacamole which was AWESOME, it was creamy and had the proper amounts of lime and accompaniments.  The tortilla chips were very good as well.  The waiter took about 4 minutes describing how great the porchetta and chorizo roll were.  It was "OK" nothing to write home about, the pork was way to charred on the outside and the chorizo was nicely seasoned but dry.All in all, it was a nice evening and experience.  If I was to go back, I would definitely get the guacamole and try a different entree.
5	Loved it.  So much so that I went back a 2nd time a week later.  Table side guac is a winner as is the street corn.  Have them cut it off the cob so you can pass it around.  Muy Bueno.
5	What a fabulous atmosphere - sophisticated, but casual enough for the visitor from out of town to walk off the street and enjoy a fabulous dining experience. We tried 3 varieties of tacos (served in a unique and intriguing manner) while we enjoyed primo cocktails at the bar area. It was the perfect setting! Warm and inviting, the service was attentive and professional. "Cheers" to The Mission!
5	Food and service is excellent!!!Robert Earloog
4	The food and cocktails at this place are amazing - beyond comparison. I have not eaten one bad thing off of their menu. I am not a margarita person AT ALL but my friend insisted I try their primarita (essentially a skinny margarita) and it was amazing. Probably what all margaritas are supposed to taste like. I crave them.Their guacamole is phenomenal - fresh and made right in front of you to your taste. You really can't get any better without going to Mexico and eating at at a mom and pop restaurant. The pork shoulder is great and the skirt steak is to die for. This is also a great brunch spot - the green chile chilaquiles are outstanding. They are on the pricey end but their entrees are shareable. I love the dark, candlelit ambience. Perfect for pretty much any occasion: date night or bachelorette party. Cautions: it seems next to impossible to get a weekend dinner reservation between 6pm and 9:30pm. I don't know if these are blocked out by default on Open Table. Your best bet is to make your reservation well in advance and call them directly. I have never been to this place as a walk-in for dinner. Service has also been hit or miss. I seem to get an excellent server or a really bad one.
4	Loved my night at the Mission. It was a warm, March night. Expect a wait, we were on the list for about an hour, but no worries, we went to a nearby bar for margaritas. Sat on the patio, it was a mellow scene outside, much louder and darker inside. Get the table side guacamole. It was one of the best guacamoles I'd ever had and watching the guac chef whip it up from his little cart was pretty fun. (Disclaimer: I am highly partial to the avocado and would probably eat them rotten.) Steak tacos were delish. So simple - steak, avocado, lime in corn tortillas. The chicken were good but not our favorite. Mojito was delicious although they added fizzy water which isn't my favorite. Service was great. Would definitely return here for another night.
5	I have to say:  the table side guac is some of the best I've had.  Almost as good as Rick Bayless' guac, but still can't touch my mom's.We went for their Sunday brunch menu and were very pleased with the options.  We had a hard time choosing what to eat!  They do an all you can eat street tacos with pork on Sunday as well.... we opted for the recommended Chaquiles with pork (in the red sauce) and it was incredible!  And some other scramble with vegetables.They have a great patio in the back of the restaurant with a lion fountainhead and just the right amount of sun peaking through the umbrellas they have up.  The drink options are great as well- I hope to go back and eat another meal at this restaurant!
5	porky bacony spicy boozyness. this place flat out rocks it. the food is freaking incredible everytime (10 + visits) I am always blown away upon first bite.  Pork Belly appetizer is re tard ed good!! Dont waste another moment eating elsewhere, go now!!
5	The tableside guacamole is fantastic, the chips and salsa really delicious, but the real standout on the menu is the Kobe Dog.  This is, literally, the greatest hot dog in the history of the world.  It is, all joking aside, the Chuck Norris of hot dogs.  It's a huge dog wrapped in bacon and stuffed in a brioche and topped with all sorts of awesomeness.  Actually, that makes it more like the Dom DeLuise of hot dogs, but you get what I mean.
4	As far as food goes I REALLY enjoy The Mission, I have been here 4 or 5 times and have always liked what I've had and I've usually been able to try different things. Their brunch, lunch and dinner menus are all very good and unique. My favorite item on the lunch menu in the Cubano Torta, it's excellent. For brunch they have really good bloody marys too. I have never actually had anything I didn't like, but like all restaurants some things are better than others. I believe The Mission is located in an old church so the setting is different, however it is very dark and that has been a problem for some of the people I have been with (my mother mainly). The service has been great everytime I have been seated at a table, but the two times I have gone just for drinks at the bar the service was awful. Both times I actually left annoyed because their service was so poor. Overall, I think it's a great place to eat and an especially good place to take out of town guests who are wanting to try a more upscale Mexican restaurant.
4	This high end Latin-American food restaurant was actually a last minute decision. I use to play in a youth orchestra that was hosted just next door in the old mission and didn't know this was now a restaurant. The ambiance is dim and romantic. Definitely has a Spanish feel. The patio is amazing, especially on a clear, starry, warm night. The patio is cozy with a large brick fireplace, comfortable chairs, and a secluded location a midst downtown Scottsdale. The menu is to die for! So many unique foods: Peruvian clam stew, swordfish, octopus, etc. My friend and I each got a drink- the capirinhia was ok. Nothing special. The cheese place was very tasty and had a lot of variety of flavors to mix, but there wasn't much to eat. My friend got the swordfish entree. Mmm! Very hearty fish with 2 sides. The flavoring and seasoning is what made the dish. I got the Creekside filet *the most expensive dish on the menu*. SO worth it! The filey mignon was cooked rare (though I asked for medium), but again the spices and seasoning were so unique and savory, I took my time enjoying each bite! It came with a side of white bean grits (also very tasty, but filling). If you want a great night out with a group or a romantic dinner for 2, go here. By the way, I believe his name is Johnathan, but he's a great server and honest about the menu selections.
3	In retrospect, I would come again not for the food but for the scene.  This sexy gothic lair is apparently very popular with the ladies.  I wonder now if my tastes are more aligned with bachelorette partygoers....The much raved table side guacamole is fine and fresh but not quite as memorable as I would have hoped.  The papaya salad was downright sad.  The short rib had a great texture and sprung when you could find a pepper to pair it with.  The chimichurri hangar steak was good but very standard for what you would find at any Argentinean restaurant.During this -- my second -- Scottsdale trip, I tried as many guacamole dishes and tequilas as possible in four days.  The reposado flight here had a lot of turbulence.  The Sol de Mexico and Corralejo were both good; but the Milagro and Maestro tequilas were extremely harsh, reminding me of regrettable nightclubs in Tijuana offering shots from Dixie cups . . . not what I would expect for $6.00 a shot.But the design, guests, and waitresses are all beautiful.  The hostesses are charming and accommodating.  I think the overall feel is just trendy fun.
5	Wow. Food here is simple, yet delicious. I didn't expect to find a place like this here, thus the 5-star. Guacamole was made right in front of us. Street corn had just the right amount of seasoning. And taro fries were unique! Pumpkin bread pudding also did not disappoint. If I lived here, I would definitely come back.
4	I loved this restaurant.  This is a great place to have a date, gorgeous inside and the atmosphere was amazing.  The food was soooo good too.  Now for the one bad part, the music inside was so loud that my date and I were basically shouting to hear each other.
4	Visited The Mission based on Yelp reviews when visiting Scottsdale. Upon walking in I immediately felt a sense of awe for the atmosphere was great. I loved the old chandeliers and religious themed decor. They had a nice mix of contemporary and Victorian style decor. There was only one thing that bothered me about the atmosphere - the music. I thought it wasn't appropriate for the theme of the restaurant. It was house electronic music. There could have been a deeper meaning for it but I wasn't getting it.First we got the guac - which as hand mixed right in front of you! We agreed it was the best guac we have ever had. I got the mahi mahi tacos and my girlfriend got the vegetarian tacos. My tacos were so so. I felt that the batter was too thick and tasteless. Mahi Mahi is generally a tasteless fish (in my opinion) so I felt it needed something to give it a kick. The tarter style sauce just wasn't cutting it. I don't think I'd recommend the Mahi Mahi.However, the vegetable tacos were incredible. They were so sweet and flavorful. Highly recommend them. They are definitely unforgettable ! The only reason I give The Mission 4 stars was because my meal wasn't that great. I am sure there are so many items on this menu that are so awesome, like the guac and my girlfriend's tacos.
5	My cousin and i went to The Mission last Friday and it was awesome.  Packed as usual but for good reason.  The food is amazing and the drinks are delish.  The owner found us a seat in the bar which was perfect.  I highly recoment the pork shoulder. The Bomb!!!  Thanks for a great night Mission:)
2	Lovely setting but be sure to check the cost of a glass of wine.  Ordered the standard Kendall Jackson white and amount was very small, so ordered the second with our appetizer and when I got the check was blown away.  13 bucks for very small portions.  Thought the prices were really out of line, when you compare to better restaurants that charge less.  think the whole comcept  is one of greed.  won't be going back. too many other places that offer more.
5	The pumpkin bread pudding is to die for, so before I say anything else, remember to save room!  I took my son there last night to celebrate his college choice and we had one of the best meals EVER and the waiter was AMAZING. His name was Sal and he took the time to really explain the entire menu and make recommendations.  Then, he carefully timed everything so we did not feel rushed.  So nice.  We had the duck empanadas for an app and they were very good, but rich because of the foie gras.  My son also had a delicious soup but I don't remember the name.  I had the scallops for an entree and my son had the filet.  Both were fantastic.  I had asked for the scallops to be well done and they were but still moist.  The steak was amazing...even beat The Capital Grille, my son said.  Dessert...ahhhhh.  Pumpkin bread pudding AND the churros with chocolate shake.  A true feast!  My son said he is saving his money to bring his girlfriend here.  Such a wonderful restaurant, especially for a special occasion!PS Our waiter Sal said to come back for Sunday brunch..I think we may do that!
5	Blown away by the service, ambiance, and finally the food.  Try the butternut squash tacos.... And, stay for the company you may meet at the bar ;)
4	My friends and I went here for Sunday brunch/lunch this past weekend after we found that R&R had a two hour wait. We wandered here by chance and I'm really glad we did. It is such a cute place with warm decor and awesome chandeliers. Totally my style. We were waiting for a table but decided to go ahead and eat at the bar since the table we were at was comfy enough for our group. We ordered a variety of menu items including chilaquiles, a beef torta, the chicken and waffles dish and a side of chipotle honey grits. Everything was to die for! Our bellies were full and happy - always a sign of a good time. Our server, Lauren, was super nice and really helpful. This place was busy but in a good way and I plan on going back for more!
5	I'm completely impressed by The Mission and I can't wait to go back and try more of their amazing food.  My husband and I chose The Mission for our 8th Anniversary dinner and had a wonderful time - the staff is extraordinarily knowledgeable and very warm & welcoming.  Yelp steered us in the right direction as per usual, so we split the cheese plate with manchego to start, the pork shoulder tacos for dinner and split a pumpkin bread pudding for dessert.  Everything was expertly prepared and delicious.  The bread pudding was EASILY the best I've ever had.  We usually don't order desserts and I'm glad we did, because I can't stop thinking about how amazing this was.  My husband had an Avocado Margarita and an Estrella beer (Awesome that they have this available - and it was even served in an Estrella glass - impressive).  Since I'm pregnant, I asked if the bartender could make me a virgin version of their "Sophia Loren" with fresh strawberries & mint - score!  It was delicious and I'll certainly be back to try it with the proper amount of booze :)  Lastly, how amazing is that Himalayan Salt Brick wall????  I NEED this in my house!
2	I have been here to eat twice and while the first experience was ok the second timehas me writing of the place for good. I will say the service was always speedy and quick both times but when we went to brunch the menu has better options like the chiliquiles. My problem is the limited menu during lunch time and the quality of that food. The table side guac was ok and some could say great if they prefer it one way more than another. I would say it wasn't close to Salty's but not terrible like America's taco shop on 7th st. There menu consist of two basic options excluding the soup during lunch, tacos and tortas. Their tortas remind me more of something you would find at a wildflower except without any good mixture of ingredients. you would think that if you only served 5 different things you would be really good. I don't mind a small amount of choices, even if you think of your own home rotation of meals you cook for your family you could limit it to your top 5 things and have a menu that would kick the crap out of most restaurant menus I am sure. I had the brisket torta which seemed to be a mix of a lox and a thin(super thin) layer of burnt beef. My girlfriend thought the same. My friend had another one that looked better but she said she wouldn't rush to come back for it. The side of beans were ok and the chorizo and potatoes were ok more for the potato side as the chorizo was semi bland and couldn't hold a candle to any Shreiner's offering.So we had a 90$ lunch (no alcohol) that had faux latin food. When I went to brunch my girl did like the drinks and the chiliquiles are good but you could do better from any torta chain with little effort and just suffer from the ambiance for better food. Guero's tortas comes to mind but like I said even Subway could own these guys.
4	Love the atmosphere, food, drinks and service!Mike the bartender makes a great drink called the Game Changer. I would highly recommend!
5	Staff was great, loved the patio, tasty pineapple ginger mojito, and short ribs had a lot going on!  Jenna was very knowledgeable about the menu and owner Brian stopped by and made sure we left more than satisfied.
5	Wow!  We loved this place enough to hit it twice in a 3 day trip to Scottsdale. Everything from the look, the service, and of course, the food!  Fabulous margaritas and excellent presentation on the food.  We had the guacamole several times and I did think the first batch was clearly the best but it is great anyway and is prepared to your dining preferences.
5	5 *'s what more need I say. ALL the food is wonderful. Great atmosphere and ambiance. The Almejas al vapor and the Pumpkin bread pudding are AMAZING.Oh.. and the guac is good ,too. ( tableside)  Margaritas aren't too shabby either. Good place for a date.
5	The absolute best guacamole I've ever had. It's been over a month since my visit to Scottsdale but I still dream of that guacamole.
2	This place is over-rated!  It is Cinco De Mayo at about 4:30.  The place is empty for all practical purposes.  We're told unless we have a reservation, they can't seat us. So we're pointed to the bar area. It is now 6:30 and the dining tables are still half empty.  This is a good indication of bad management.  One doesn't tell a customer they can't be seat and must go to the bar to eat and then 2 hours later those same table are sitting there empty. The drinks are watered down and extremely pricey.  It is one thing to charge a high price (small Margarita $13 and a Mojito watered down $13) and to give value, it is another thing to rip-off the customer. The guacamole needed help as well.  We had to send it back to the kitchen for help.  You need to add Cilantro, onions, salt, etc. to the product, otherwise you may as well be eating raw avocados. The fish tacos were good I thought, but my wife hated them. The duck empenada was different.  I didn't like it, but my wife did. The service was slow to get to us, but once it did it was good.I wouldn't go back to this restaurant.
5	This is the best restaurant in Scottsdale.  I order the healthy margarita and the hanger steak every time I go, and they are both easily the best I have ever experienced.  My husband orders the scallops and we have had almost all of the appetizers and sides, all of them extraordinary.  One note, they do try to rush your experience so make sure you take your time, otherwise you will be out of there in an hour.
5	pork belly appetizer delish.steak tacos, delish.bread pudding delish. waitress a sweetie.whole experience the best.
4	we came here with a group that i work with.  I am very impressed with the architecture and decor.  our waiter was a young man named sam (I am) who was very entertaining and knowledgeable.  He suggested a tequila I had never heard of, it was very good.i shared the pork shoulder, thinking it would be huge, but it was not that much food.  still, very high quality and many new flavors.  as with other reviewers i am completely addicted to the pumpkin pudding.for those of you who like tequila, this is the place.  i think i counted about four dozen different kinds.  (but no jose Cuervo reserva de familia, the very best in all the land!)....also flights of tequila so you can sample.altogether, the mission is a delight, especially if others are footing the bill!mike
2	So I have tried this place twice now and I am still not a fan. I do have to say the ambiance is quite beautiful, but the food and drink are a total rip off. 3 half dollar size tacos with no sides for 16 bucks blows my mind. And $12 for half a cup of guacamole is outrageous. I'm sorry!
3	I had been here once before for happy hour and was impressed; however dinner on Monday evening was so-so.We arrived and were seated right away which was nice.  We did wait a bit for a server (there was confusion over the sections), who while cute and bubbly tried very hard, but wasn't the best server I've had...especially in Old Town.My boyfriend and I ordered drinks and the guacamole appetizer.  All were good; however for the amount of people in the restaurant took too long to arrive.I had the Chorizo porchetta (I believe it was called) and my boyfriend had the 1/2 chicken with fries.Both meals were good, but not impressive.  If I hadn't been here before for a good happy hour I wouldn't likely pick this place again especially as the thing I was impressed with the most with was the decor...and even that was too dark for me to read my menu with ease!
3	Great food, nice ambiance.  Hope it's just a rumor that this restaurant isn't doing well and will be closing down soon.  I understand the economy has been devastating the past few years.  I've seen far too many great restaurants close.Hope this one won't be another casualty...
5	The Mission has been my favorite restaurant to eat at for over 3 years now! I am constantly talking about it with friends and acquaintances. I recently ate there for yet another gathering and decided to say some things on yelp. The only restaurant that can come close to the fresh quality and professional and friendly service is about 2 1/2 hours away. The perfect combination of freshness and flavor that the Chef puts together on the plates are unmatched. Just to name a few, the Tostadas and Crispy Cola Pork appetizers are two dishes I always get when I arrive. Both his every taste bud in your mouth to give you perfect satisfaction. The margaritas are the most well balanced margs I've ever tasted and the restaurant has a great selection of tequilas to sip on or shoot. Maestro Dobel all the way!! Most of the servers are incredibly educated on the food and you can tell just how much they love the place. The staff who have been there as long as we've been coming always remember us and make a point to come over and say hello. Always very professional and down to earth. Now, I was curious to see what other foodies had to say about this restaurant by looking at some of the other reviews. I had to laugh as I swear some of the "lower" reviews must have been in the wrong restaurant. There is no happy hour that I've ever seen (trust me I've asked). They do have a "transitional" menu in between lunch and dinner when all the staff is changing but no happy hour menu. The thing that brought me to this restaurant years ago was that Phoenix magazine had them down as the #1 Latin restaurant in the valley. I can assure you they have done nothing but gotten more popular and more busy since then! They're definitely not closing down soon, good sir that was just a rumor. The owners have been telling me about a new restaurant they're opening up just up the road within the next few months! That tells me they're progressing forward not backwards. However, the street tacos are a small meal. if you're not that hungry street tacos are great! If you are looking for a full meal however, another item other than STREET tacos would be ideal. Anyway, that is my review of the restaurant! Another foody who eats out about 5 nights a week and is incredibly picky about what restaurants get my money. The Mission deserves all that I do give them.
4	The locals of the area took us here to The Mission, right in the cute downtown area of Scottsdale. It's very trendy Mexican food - lights are dim, music is playing loudly, and everyone is super dressed up and ready to have a good time. We ordered- Pork Belly: decent. The coolest thing about this dish though, is the fact that the tortilla was served on this giant brick of clear salt - super cool.- Salsa: SPICY and tasty- Guacamole: THE BEST GUAC I HAVE EVER HAD! It was made right next to the table after you order it. It has pumpkin seeds, and I don't know what kind of crack, but i could not stop eating it.And for entree, I had- Hangar Steak with house margarita, which were just okay. Apparently the steak taco is supposed to be very good, maybe i should have ordered that instead.This place is seriously super trendy filled with dressed up people. Nice for a great evening out.
3	Great atmosphere.  A bit pricey in my opinion. Drinks are overpriced and the guacamole that was supposedly an 8 on a scale of 1-10 for heat was not hot at all.  And way overpriced at $12 in my opinion for one avocado with some mix-ins.  Food was good but not outstanding.  Many other better places to eat in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area for the same type of food.
5	LOVE this place. Staff is great, atmosphere is great, and the food is amazing. I've been wanting to go back so badly but I'm trying to wait until next weekend for my birthday. It's so hard! The street corn and fried bananas are to die for. They're a must.
1	Just watched the "owner" physically accost two patrons who complained about their dinner. They were seated at the bar next to me. Believe me the food isn't tht good so they had a valid complaint. He threw their plates of food over the bar and ruined all the bar patrons evening,. What a fucking asshole. I have been in the restaurant business for 30 years and this owner is a total asshole. Please don't waste yor time at this hole.
4	Took friends for their 1st time to The Mission, I really wanted to know their opinions on their first visit, as I have been several times.  I really enjoy this place, it's inviting, the hostesses are so friendly and I just love the front patio when they have the fireplace going. They already had drinks from the bar, but I came in a little later and it took quite awhile before I got my first drink. =-(They sat us right away...as I had made reservations via Open Table, and our server was right there and ready to serve.  The place is always dark with lots of candles and after the sun goes down they will open up the windows.  There is a back patio and it is lit nicely.  Too hot to sit out in the summer.  Now for the food, we order chips and salsa to start...pretty standard, but when they brought in the extra hot salsa.....there you go.  It was awesome!  Way to hot, but if you mix it with the regular salsa, it's good. The guacamole is very, very good.  NIce presentation too, as they make it at your table.  We all ordered from the special menu that night and neither one of us were disappointed.  If you ask your server what their favorite is.....they will not point you in the wrong direction.  My server stated the Halibut was especially good that night...and that's what I went with.  Delicious!!The only complaint that night was our drinks took awhile, but they made up for it when we raved about the hot hot salsa and she gave me a take home container.  Nice touch!
5	It's hard to go wrong at The Mission.  The atmosphere is just beautiful, candles strewn all around ---almost reminiscent of a church (appropriate given the name!)---Eating in the backyard is really an experience on a cooler night.  All of the tacos are phenomenal and have interesting ingredients that just pop.  The street corn is to die for, and the milkshake churro dessert is a go-to for me.  The cinnamon they use in the milkshake is awesome.   The servers are all really knowledgeable, and the service itself is generally outstanding.  It is trendy without being pretentious.   GO GO GO!
5	I have been here 5 or 6 times. The service is phenomenal and I always try something different. Every dish has been a joy to my mouth. Well worth the time and cost.
5	I really enjoyed my first dinner at The Mission, the service, atmosphere and menu were all exceptional. Going to Mission was a spur of the moment dinner idea, and we made reservations just an hour prior to dining. I would suggest reservations, we had to sit outside because they were full inside, and although they had a large and amazingly quiet fan outside, it was a bit hot. We sat by a fountain though, and that kind of made up for it, definitely will be back for more patio seating here when the weather cools down.The waiter was very attentive, I think in part because we were one of the first tables seated on the patio. By the way, I am talking about the back patio, not the entrance area patio- I think the one in the back is better. Our app was the cheese plate, we chose the cheese similar to manchengo (I don't remember the name exactly, but the waiter related it). The cheese plate came with all kinds of goodies. I had the kale salad for dinner, and my boyfriend the pork tacos. We also got a side of street corn, our favorite. Everything tasted great. The kale salad had tons of marcona almonds, oranges and a light dressing, the portion was large. I had a bite of the tacos and they were great, but they are small and 3 to a plate, so for bigger appetites consider getting extra tacos. Dinner here was great, we will be back soon.  (:
5	Just fantastic... you need to go here.Go for the ambiance (romantic, classy, upscale)Go for the food (variety, tasty big portions so you can share or be greedy and indulge)Go for the drinks (tequila, tequila, tequila)Splurge, enjoy, love and repeat..
4	I was initially planning to take my lady to the highly recommended Quiessence in Phoenix, but when a freak dust storm interfered with our plans, we found ourselves detouring in Scottsdale and Yelping for a good dinner place. This place is seriously quite excellent.  The only reason I'm not giving it a 5 is because I think they overcooked one dish and opted not to seat us inside when they easily could have (we didn't have a reservation so it is possible I'm not being considerate here).  The vegetarian options were excellent and I really liked our waiter--totally knowledgeable and accommodating.  Definitely going to come back here next time I'm out there.
4	This is really 3.5 stars, but I'm rounding up.  The food is interesting--sort of a nouveau Latin cuisine with strong Mexican influences.  I'm only giving The Mission 3.5 stars because I thought the food was more beautiful than delicious.  My dad had the pork which was cooked appropriately for medium rare, but was a bit on the bland side.  I had the butternut squash tacos which looked wonderful--extremely colorful, but were also on the bland side in spite of the fresh lime wedges and slices of red chili (these tacos were also a bit pricey, $12 for 3 and the tortillas were the size of small sugar cookies).  My husband did seem satisfied with his hanger steak tacos.  Even though we planned on getting dessert, the consensus was that our dinner hadn't been particularly impressive so we opted to go elsewhere.There are a lot of rave reviews on yelp for the guacamole.  It was good, but not phenomenal and, at $12, it tied for the most expensive guacamole I've ever had (tie with a Mexican restaurant in NYC).
5	I can not get enough of the Mission. Having lived in the Scottsdale area for nearly 10 years and trying almost every restaurant they have to offer, there is NONE like the Mission. Nothing even comes close.They specialize in margaritas with at least 50 different tequilas. The service is so attentive to the patrons. They really make a point to treat you more as a guest than another tip. The knowledge they have about the food is remarkable. The pork tacos are my absolute favorite! They slow roast the pork for 8 hours and let it soak in a pineapple glaze sauce that has SO MUCH FLAVOR!!! "Sweet but Savory" they say. When it comes time to chow down on the pork you don't even need a knife, you could eat it with a spoon it falls apart so easily. With great friends or a great date your experience at this restaurant will be memorable and you will be craving their food and a chance to re-live the experience. I would highly RECOMMEND this restaurant.
4	I went to the Mission this weekend for the first time in a couple months.  (My wife and I generally find ourselves there at least once a month--it's our favorite spot in town).  But since I hadn't been in a while, I forgot how great it is.Ambiance: Couldn't get any better.  Candlelit and romantic.  Music is always hip--tends to get pretty loud on the weekends. Service: We've had probably 5 or 6 different servers.  They are always friendly and full of knowledge about the menu, and great at making recommendations. Food: Amazing.  I had the green chile duck this time.  One of my new favorites.  My wife always gets the peruvian stew and the black cod.  Perfect. (We never skip out on dessert.  The pumpkin bread pudding is to die for.)Drinks: Eclectic wine selection--mostly stuff I don't know about, but we had south american pinot noir that was delicious.  Also, take a look at the tequila flights! (if you dare...) The margaritas are supposed to be the specialty here...Love the blood orange and their "skinny".  Did NOT love the ginger and spice one...Experience: My only issue is that the meal tends to be distracting, as the tables are quite close together, and there is ALWAYS hustle and bustle in this place, so I wouldn't necessarily use it for important nights (i.e. proposals or something).  But for a night out on the town, and to see some of Scottsdale's prettiest people, I wouldn't miss it.
5	A must whenever I'm in Scottsdale. I almost always let the waiter bring me whatever they recommend. I honestly don't think I've looked at the menu here for more than a minute or two. Margaritas are amazing and the real deal.
3	My biggest gripe is that it was so dark in the restaurant, I couldn't read the menu or see what I was eating.  At one point, put a gob of pork fat in my mouth, which made me gag.  Pork shoulder was OK.  Fingerling potatoes good.  Bread basket not very tasty.  Friend loved her pork chop and has had pork there several times.  But I wouldn't go back.
4	OMG!  I am so dragging my boyfriend here!
5	Strawberry coconut mojito, pork tacos, and churros are amazing.
3	The drinks and the guacamole are really outstanding.  Really yummy.  The actual meals really lacked taste when made vegan.  I wouldn't recommend this place if you have someone with food sensitivities or allergies in your party.  They really did try to be accommodating, but they struggled getting the order right.  When the order did come out, it lacked taste completely.  I'm sure their regular menu made the regular way is amazing because the guacamole was one of the most amazing things that I have ever eaten.  Also, very pricey.  More expensive than I would have anticipated (even considering its location) and I did not feel like I got what I paid for overall.
4	Is it "Location! Location! Location!" or "Ambiance! Ambiance! Ambiance!"? The Mission has both; it's in an ideal location to begin a night out on the town, and the restaurant's low lighting and sexy decor will had me feeling just as spicy as the Latin-infused fare.My favorite dish, hands down, was a side of creamy grits with chipotle and honey. Everything was tasty, duck empanadas, pork belly pibl, guacamole, though nothing especially stood out as much as that humble side of grits mixed with perfection.The service was a little over-attentive, but the guy was sweet and obviously trying his best. And he was Johnny-on-the-spot with the wine, so who can really complain about a few interruptions? Sexy restaurant. Satisfying food.
3	I researched the Mexican liquor mezcal for a story, and I decided to head to The Mission in Old Town Scottsdale to try some out.The Mission is a gorgeous, dimly lit restaurant with chandeliers all over. It's beautiful, relaxing and definitely quiet enough where you can enjoy conversation. The crowd was just as stunning as any you'd see in an Old Town nightclub, too.Besides the tasty mezcal I tried (lick some Tabasco off your hand before you sip it--trust me, it's great), I also loved The Mission's sangria, which was super-sweet.There were not that many vegetarian options. I started off with a bowl of the gazpacho, which was chunk-free and had the perfect amount of spice to it. If you've never had the cold soup before, I highly recommend it here.For dinner, I got the corn gorditas, which is normally an appetizer and definitely was not filling enough for a meal. The mini-corn tortillas were topped with veggies, and while tasty, the portion was meager. Next time, I'll try the veggie tacos.The restaurant's moderately priced, and even though the food left me wanting more, the chic atmosphere really stands out in Old Town and was ultra-romantic.
5	The Mission is wonderful! The ambiance is amazing .... it's dimly lit with beautiful chandeliers and great architecture. My husband and I dined here for my birthday and we had a great experience. The host was extremely attentive upon arrival and our waiter, Sam, was amazing! He thoroughly knew the menu and explained everything to us page by page. We started our meal with fresh guacamole made at our table. It was outstanding and they make it as spicy as you would like. Hubby had a really nice malbec with his Chimmichurri Marinated Hanger Steak and a side of green beans. I had the primarita margarita with Tecate Skirt Steak tacos and a side of the creamy chipotle grits. The presentation of the food was beautiful and tasted just as good as it looked.  Cannot say enough about the wonderful food, ambiance, and service!
4	Absolutely delicious and unique food in a fantastic ambience- even our teenage daughters gave it thumbs up on cool factor...
5	I recently went to The Mission for my birthday dinner with friends. I LOVED it and would recommend it to anyone.We all shared a couple of the orders of tableside guacamole and it was amazing- probably the best I've ever had. They make it as spicy as you want so we got ours pretty spicy and everyone thought it was great.I wasn't too hungry so I just ordered an appetizer for my meal- the Pork Belly Pibil. Omg. So. Amazing. It had so many unique flavors and the pork belly was fantastic. "Avocado crema and banana habanero aioli".......... I wish I was a chef that could cook up these kind of creations. Our waiter suggested I order a side of tortillas to put the pork belly in to make mini tacos... Awesome suggestion. I couldn't even finish everything, I was so full.All of my friends having dinner with me raved about their food as well. I know a couple of them ordered the prix fix meal since we were actually there during AZ Restaurant Week and my boyfriend had the steak tacos. They also brought out a complimentary dessert with a sparkler on it for my birthday!My only complaint would be that it was very dark! We were seated outside on the patio and there was no light other than some small candles on the table. I'd suggest taking a look at the menu online before you go (if you're going for dinner), because it may be a little hard to see the menu when you get there!
3	Guacamole, chips, and salsa...FABULOUSPork belly lettuce wraps...DELICIOUSSteak tacos...TASTYShrimp tacos...GREASYPoblano grits...NOT BADLamb ribs...FATTYSkewered corn...GOODAlcoholic beverages...WATERED DOWNAmbience...CHARMING
5	My wife and I went to The Mission tonight with some friends during our trip to Scottsdale, AZ, and we loved it! We ordered a sampling of nearly everything on the menu, and everything we ordered was wonderful.  Some of our favorite dishes were - guacamole made at the table (medium spice), short rib tacos, mahi mahi tacos, pork belly appetizer, and bread pudding.I had the avocado margarita and was pleasantly surprised that it was a really good margarita.  One of our friends ordered one of the tequila flights, and he said it was the best value he'd ever seen - 4 very nice samplings of tequila and great quality for a great price.The decor was nice, and we were especially taken by the wall of Himalayan salt bricks.  It really is a sight to see with the lighting behind the bricks shining through. The one negative was that we were at a table with a HUGE painting sticking out from the wall that was a little intrusive, but it didn't ruin our meal by any means.If you're ever in old town Scottsdale, I recommend you go to The Mission.  It's a good picture taking opportunity too with the mission building next door.
5	Best guacamole I've ever tasted...and that's coming from someone who typically doesn't like it.  Custom made table-side, this fresh dip would keep me coming back, if it wasn't located out of state!  The chicken tacos were equally amazing!  Highly recommended.
2	super pricey. 4 weak drinks and guacamole, $60.  loud. guac was just ok.
5	Great guacamole and pork shoulder.  Would definitely recommend
4	Great food but felt overpriced when we got the bill.  We shared several appetizers and a drink each (2 couples) and it ended up being about $60/couple.
5	Great service and atmosphere, Delicious food! Duck empanadas were amazing! Highly recommend and will definitely go back.
5	Went here on a whim for my birthday on labor day weekend with a couple friends. It was AMAZING! Excellent food & excellent service in a beautiful atmosphere! I will be coming back again & again. Thank you!
1	Try it if you like e-Coli poisoning and a evening spent on or near the toilet. The Pozole has the taste and texture of a barbecued sock, and comes with a side of salmonella. In the interest of fairness the guacamole was good and the service was decent.
5	Great Margaritas!!
5	Our first visit to The Mission. Won't be our last. Best value in Phoenix/Scottsdale by far. Service, food, ambience were all pitch perfect. Only negative: man the light is to dim to read the menu or see your food when it arrives....up the wattage on the candles!  Start with an avocado margarita, sets the mood and is amazing, smooth and refreshing. For appetizers we had the pork belly, too much for two because we also had the guacamole, but I am still salivating just thinking about it. The avocado crema and aioli gave the sweet pork belly a real boost -- a must order.  For mains we had the pork shoulder and short rib tacos, both excellent and finished by sharing the the pumpkin seed bread pudding. Zero complaints, manager and about three other servers checked in on us. The price was a BONUS!! $130 for two appies, three drinks, two mains and a dessert!! You can't beat it. I can't wait to go back and I always have a complaint.
5	One of the best meals my girlfriend and I have had. From beginning to end, everything was fantastic.  We had the Peruvian stew,  grilled  street corn, flank steak and  creamy grits. The food was a bit spicy so be prepared. Finished with the churros and milkshake combo and it was great. Drinks were tasty and service awesome as well! Highly suggested.
4	Since moving here, I needed to find the perfect "special dinner" place. You know what I mean, we all have one. It is our go to place for a special event, birthday, date or family visit. And while I have not had that many special events yet, I have had some family visits. And my parents only stay at the Saguaro hotel when they come to Phoenix. But more on that later. So whenever they are in town, we will go to The Mission. It is just a great place for a nice dinner without it being too stuffy. While every meal I have had there has been great, I cant honestly remember what I ate. But I do remember the guacamole. As a fat foodie, I love when a dish is prepared table side. And they do this for the guacamole, and it is the best guacamole I have ever had. How do I know this? I hate guacamole. I try to never eat on purpose, but when I go to The Mission that part of me dies. And I inhale this stuff. So you have to try the guacamole is what I am getting at. And order their house margarita or their Blood Orange margarita (if it is still on the menu). Another thing that becomes costly, because they go down so smooth and taste so good before you know it your a little drunk. I have never had service problems. And both times I have gone, it has been packed. And while it does get loud, you can still hear yourself. Try to get a seat outside in the back. Nothing fancy about it but it just a great outside setting that is not patio or Jimmy Buffet themed (sorry, tex-mex places with outdoor seating usually go down the Buffet route). Also the drinks are not watered down. Trust me.
5	Not sure I can much more than the other yelpers here...but man, this place was truly awesome.  If you are headed to the Scottsdale area, make your reservation now - they are hard to get last minute, unless you want to eat at 9:30pm.  The bar area is a bit small, but it included two large communal tables for dining so you could lucky get and snag a spot there.  My girlfriends and I shared the table-side guacamole (medium level) and crispy cola pork to start - both were fab, I felt sad when the plates were empty. The margarita's are cold, strong and made to perfection.For dinner, we again shared.. Grilled Street Corn (off the cob) and four types of the street tacos: Butternut Squash, Chicken, Skirt Steak and Barbocoa.  We devoured every morsel on the plate.  Each dish was super flavorful and had just the right amount of heat.Great service, atmosphere and food!  I wish this place was in my hood... but for now, I just look forward to my next visit to Scottsdale.
3	meh, you were so, mission...arycommon place, and just barelybetter than, the rest of themmediocre joints we've been to, in town, believed the hypesupposed to be, a special nightbut alas, just missionarymundane, married sex, like manyother spots, folks yelp aboutjump up and down, scream and shout'think i died, and went to heaven''scale, one to ten?, I'd give eleven''stars? they're aren't enough to give'sorry folks, and please forgiveme, but we were not impressedoverly, as we ingested, selections, good enoughadequate, up to snuffstatus quo, should have been waryof the love, like sex that marriedpeople have, flat on their backa kiss a peck, some this and thatthen do the do, for five to tenroll over and, remember whenthe sex was hot, shit, off the chartscandles lit, there in the darkcouldn't get enough of itand now they sit and dream and wishit wasn't just the missionarythrough the motions, not contraryto the norm, no shades of grayspank and pinch, whips and chainscandle wax, clamps and toysblindfold, handcuffs, add a boyor a girl, mix it ups&m, a little rougher, like it used to bethat would be five stars to mebut instead, we say ho-humapps? ok, steak? overdonecarter, chefin', sweet decorservice good, tequila pouredinto our margs, yep we enjoyedbut the food, is where the voidwas felt, meh...not that greatdidn't love the hanger steakmahi taco's? we've had bettaguacamole, pork prochetta both alright, food, just  sufficedbut we expected more that nighta little more bang for the buckinstead of just your average f**kvalue? a bit pricey, yesbut happy to pay, for the bestjust can't say that it was greatwill say we enjoyed our waiter, smart n funny, did his besttook some money, off our checkprops for this, but can't say thatwe will ever, venture backjust can't do it, missionary...maybe someday, when we're married.
4	Went for a late lunch.  Guacamole was good, as was the sangria margarita that I had (yes, it's a mix of the two, forgot what the actual name was called).Got a torta, and the meat was marinated well.  A little sweet but not too sweet.  Portion size was huge.  The fish tacos were good also.Service left more to be desired and I'm particularly irked that they didn't log in my Opentable reservation.  I was contacted by Opentable after my visit asking why I didn't show up for my reservation.  It all got sorted out but shouldn't have happened in the first place.
5	One of my FAVORITE restaurants of all time!! .... 5 stars for Ambiance, Service, and Food!  3 cheers to the Chef and the Entire Team, including the hostess, bartender, busboy, and to our wonderful waiter.  My favorite is the soup that is pure heaven with flavor galore and absolutely gorgeous.   I also really love the grilled corn - its a must!!
5	For once I cannot say one bad thing about this place there skirt steak tacos are to die  for and there margaritas are amazing nothing artificial is in these things just fresh squeezed juices and tequila this place is a bit upscale and pricey but well worth it
3	Let me break this down.The company was a 6 star, but that's out of the subject. The food was on the uneventful side with some shining accents. The guacamole was good and they mix it at your table, which adds some charm to the deal. Also you can request more or less spiciness which was good too. the avocados weren't as ripe as I would like them, though.The roast corn gorditas were really tasteful but a little shy on the huitlacoche and really small, specially for $9. I ordered the Chimmichurri Marinated Hanger Steak which description in the menu reads as follos: pan de bono + charred leek & scallion soubise + tomatillo salad. OK, the name and elaboration is for the presentation and for the price tag, I guess, but when it comes to flavor, it was more like an OK steak with some undetermined flavor. I guess the labeling takes an important place here. If you give a dish a name, like chimichurri and the person who tries it has never try it before, it might be really good. But when you're expecting something and they deliver something else is kind of deceitful.BTW the grilled street corn was pretty good!The wine was good. We had the tempranillo Coto (I believe that was the name) and it was really good and inexpensive. I also tried the house melbac (courtesy of a really nice friend of mine :) and it was pretty good as well.The decor is nice but there are a couple of things that I didn't like. The lightning is super dark, like in I-can't-read-the-menu-dark. The upper walls (where the ac vents are) looks dirty and stained. It might be that it was so dark that it was painting or something else, but it looks dirty to me.The men's room has just one stall and one urinal. I guess the place was built before the new rules and so on, but more toilet space would be appreciated.I would go back but I might lower my expectations next time. And I'll make sure that I have awesome company (like this time) because that really helps!
3	My yelp-foodie group decided to make the Mission our second spot to visit and review. This review is only based on my last visit with this group. I understand sometimes its a bit overwhelming trying to cater to a big group (8 of us) but it literally took over 10 minutes to get our first round of drinks.We immediately ordered the guacamole and chips for appetizers.  I really enjoy their table side guac all the time as a starter. I would have wanted it much spicier, but I am not sure how much the rest of my guests would of appreciated that.I ordered the Mahi Mahi tacos. Yes, they are very small, but they definitely filled me up. Cooked to perfection always. The wine we ordered also complemented the meal.My friend ordered the street corn. WOW, I never knew corn could taste so good. I've been to Mission many times and I cannot believe I never ordered it.This place is definitely a date night spot with beautiful dim lighting. I would highly recommend to make reservations.
3	The ambiance is great, this is a beautiful restaurant. However I felt underwhelmed by the food especially considering some of the rave reviews here. We did try the pork belly pibil appetizer I had read about. The pork was wonderfully tender but had little flavor other than the dollop of sauce on top. The mahi mahi tacos were again OK but nothing to write home about. The fried bananas dessert was a tasty standout. Also it may sound silly but the espresso was excellent.Overall going to The Mission was an enjoyable experience but I don't see much need to return.
1	I'm surprised this place doesn't have more lower rated reviews. We should have sat in the patio because couldn't see our menus or even our food indoors. Seemed every table was using their flashlight iPhone app. I complained on deaf ears. Chicken was dry, food presentation nice (if only we could see the food on the plates!) but lacked much else. Way overpriced for what you get (tiny servings). Best thing was the side of beans (amazing!). Next time will try the place across the street.
4	Loved the guacomole, and the atmosphere.
5	This is my favorite restaurant in a city crowded with excellent choices. Mission is in it's own league and continues to be creative.I'll quote my prior review:"The Almejas Al Vapor is an incredible dish." Words do not do this restaurant justice....it's really that good. This time we tried a new twist....the Mini churros for Dessert with a small milkshake. Incredible!I love coming here when it's NOT tourist season. It's still packed and still requires a reservation, but it's much more relaxing. Wonderful experience. Bobbly Flay probably eats here :-)
5	Really cool atmosphere - the bar area is awesome with a salt lamp wall.  The food is outstanding - we ordered the peruvian clam stew and it was one of the best dishes I've ever had.  Don't skip the pumpkin bread pudding either.  The guacamole was good, definitely not the best I've ever had, but worth ordering.  The flour tortillas were hand-made and warm.  The drinks were STIFF and tasty.  One margarita had my wheels rolling.  Staff were helpful and service was great.  We will almost always try a new place, but we definitely will go back to The Mission when we get to Scottsdale.
3	This place was suprisingly OK for Arizona restaurants.  The Roast Corn Gordita appetizer is very spicy but very good.  I got the mushroom taco and really did not like it.  But some of my other friends ordered the chicken, pulled pork and the squash tacos and liked them.  The pumpkin bread pudding was very yummy.  I would have just been happy ordering that! lol  being we were there for a bachelorette dinner, they brought out a sparkler with the complementary bread pudding which was a nice surprise for the occasion.  The service was not very tentative so things seemed to drag out.  But i am from the east coast so we like things on a faster pace then most.  If you like this type of food i would recommend trying it out.
4	I went there for an anniversary dinner, just my wife and I. It is a dark restaurant with tight seating. Very busy when we were there. Great service. Honestly some of the best guacamole I've ever had and I eat it a lot. Delicious desserts. Expect smaller portions though, it's part of the fancy vibe they have. I'm not going to be eating there often, but every time will be great.
4	Had a buddy of mine take me and my wife here and I wasn't all that hungry because he likes to eat much earlier than I do. I loved the atmosphere and will definately try it again. I liked my dish but like I said I wasn't all that hungry.
5	Yum.  Wonderful food, excellent service, great atmosphere.  I LOVED the chips and salsa, some of the best I have ever had.  The white beans were amaze-balls and the table-side guacamole was entertaining & scrumptious.  The drink I ordered was too sweet for my taste, so the on-top-of-it manager made sure that the bartender made me a replacement drink more to my liking, at no charge.  The space is calm, cool & collected.  I'd say worth the wait for sure.  If I ever come back to Scottsdale I'll be B-lining for The Mission.
5	My girlfriends and I go to Scottsdale twice a year to escape the cold of Seattle, and The Mission is hands down our favorite restaurant.  The service is always fantastic, the food is out of this world, and the atmosphere is unfailingly fun.  Brian, one of the owners, remembers us each time we visit and treats us like regulars, even though we're only there twice a year.  Truly an outstanding place to eat!
4	Made our first visit to The Mission a few weeks ago to celebrate our friends birthday.  Our reservation was for 8 pm and my hubby and I were about 20 minutes early.  The table wasn't quite ready yet so we had a seat in the little "waiting area."  The sweet hostess brought us some cute little complimentary margarita tasters.  A nice touch I thought for waiting.  The cantelope one was nice and refreshing.  Once our table on the patio was ready we were escorted outside to the nicely lit back patio-it had a nice vibe to it.  I was pleased to find out our waiter was Sam.  I had read in other Yelpers reviews that Sam was the man.  And he was! He was very informative, checked on our table at all the right times and didn't bug us too much.  He had a great personality and made our experience even more enjoyable.  So all in all our service was top notch!The food:  I see other people complaining-maybe they don't understand that The Mission is more of a gourmet latin american restaurant (read: smaller portions).  But that didn't bother me.  My barbacoa tacos were absolutely delicious!  Small tortillas but piled with barbacoa-just the way it should be!  We all enjoyed the tableside guacamole-made to perfection.  For my drink I had The Missionary-a perfect blend of margarita and sangria.  (I had a few of those actually).  Everyone at our table raved about the excellent food and drinks-we were all pleased.  Sam ordered a pumpkin bread pudding for my friend the birthday girl.  We ended up ordering two more as they were absolutely amazing!  I don't even like bread pudding but I do love pumpkin so I tried it.  The Mission is an ideal spot for a date night or for a nice spot to gather with friends for a special occassion.  We will be back several times in the future!
4	Sorry, it's been a while since I've been to the Mission; but reading someone else's review made me realize; I need to YELP.  Whenever I see corn on the menu; I have to get the street corn - yummy!!!  Just always have to get extra napkins; since it's messy. Also, since someone else paid; we tried the Pork Shoulder tacos to share.  It was plenty of food for the 2 of us.  Love the atmosphere and will definitely be back for the corn and will have to try the posole...
5	i came here for dinner the other day while in town and although i had a great dinner here...the only thing that really stood out was the dessert i had....its the only thing that im writing the review on.sat down at the bar for a bite and to watch the world series game...had some drinks. had tacos. wanted something sweet...so i ordered dessert.FML. MIND BLOWING DESSERT ALERT.we've all had churros at some point and time in our lives right...its kinda like eating a donut really...when its fresh, its amazing.  fried, sweet, and tastes like cinnamon...cant go wrong...i USED to think this UNTIL i had the churros here at the Mission.they serve up these mini churros here WITH a tres leches milkshake/ice cream that will make a grown man cry tears of joy.  i mean, im over there taking bites and barely able to control my emotions...knowing that i dont live in the area and will not be able to eat this anytime i wanted...little deep fried churros that simply put, are the most delicious churro ive ever had...crispy, fried, buttery, sweet, cinnamon-y, just simply amazing little things...go to The Mission. eat the churros. you will geek out when you do....
3	Food:-Table-side guac, best and freshest-tasting guac ever; little guac man actually pushes a little cart full of ingredients to you and makes the guac, by your table-side-Street corn, good, liked the option of having the corn shaved in a bowl instead of on a cob so I didn't look like I'm from Sparta eating-Chorizo porchetta, decent but not the best pork shoulder I've had, wasn't as tender as I'd like, tasted more gamey than I'm used to-Green chili duck confit, I didn't try this but feedback from my dining partner was thumbs up-Pumpkin bread pudding with ice cream and pomegranate pieces, I approve as a dessert connoisseur-Espresso churros, interesting but was just okay; didn't like the milkshake you're supposed to dip the churros in, hate alcoholic taste in my dessert stuff; churro sticks looked like poo on a plateService:-Our waiter memorized his menu spiel but didn't seem too genuinely enthusiastic about anything, was very fatigued (or stoned?) looking the whole time, also his stoned smiles made me feel uncomfortable/creeped out-Forgot our orders for a really long time and I almost got full on chips, the waiter didn't try to make up for it but just did his creepy-stoned-smiley-apologyAmbiance:-Very nice setting, one of the few outdoors patios I like-Lights are too dim and I couldn't see shit
1	Be careful of what you eat. 8 of us went for lunch. Two of us had the brisket and we got food poisoning.
5	I'm on a mission to find good Mexican food in AZ.  I'm not talking about Sonoran or fresh mex.  The mission is probably the best restaurant I've been to in AZ!!!  The outside of the restaurant reminds me of the alamo in San Antonio, TX.  We had the skirt steak street tacos, street corn, crab and corn pancakes, and the banana and blueberry pancakes.  It was brunch on a Sunday of course!  All the food was superb!  Skirt streak came in 3 small tacos, but was very filling.  Skirt steak itself was so tender and not chewy!  Crab and corn pancakes reminded us of the crab salad at zinc bistro and find out later both are owned by the same person! Win win!  Lots of fresh crab on top of corn pancakes!  The street corn was amazing!!!  We asked the server to cut it off the husk and it was made with some sort of sauce that had a huge kick!!! It was crunchy and sweet and then spicy from the sauce!  My husband and I still cannot stop thinking about it!!  I have no idea what was in that sauce!  The children had banana and blueberry pancakes! So yummy! The bananas were fried and caramelized! This place rocks and it is so affordable!! We can't wait to go back!
5	This was our fist time here, it had been recommended be several of our friends, so on a whim we decided to check it out. I called at 5:30pm on a Sunday night to see if we needed reservations, at first the hostess said they had an opening at 8:45... but then recanted and said they could get us in at 6:45 and then I told her, 'no'. Then she asked how far away we were and all of a sudden could get us in at 5:45 (so initially that was off putting).... needless to say, glad we got there when we did because the place filled up quickly, also, if you get there before 6 don't bother with reservations, there will be plenty of available space.We sat at the bar so we could watch the football game - and I'm glad we did. Almost immediately, our bartender/waiter Jordan was there to greet us. He was very knowledgeable, very friendly, and seriously, genuinely seemed to enjoy his job. He was awesome!! We ordered our drinks, I ordered the margarita that Jordan recommended (Primarita) and my husband ordered the sangria/margarita (Missionary) both were very strong and very good. For dinner we split the dinner for 2 - pork shoulder tacos. The meat was so tender it melted in my mouth! Very flavorful! Then we decided to try a dessert. The espresso churros and milk shake... I could have just ordered that and been content. fantastic!! lastly, we decided to go for a night cap. A dessert drink. We both had the Rum Chatta/Espresso. It came in 2 Italian coffee cups.  All in all, we loved the decor, the coziness of the restaurant, the service was exceptional, and the food and drinks were spectacular! If you are looking for something a little different, not your typical Mexican joint, this is your place!
4	Awesome!
4	Such a fan of this restaurant. I have been for brunch, lunch and dinner. Each time I have visited, I have had fantastic service. I love the style and ambience of the restaurant. I love the location and how it was actually a mission at one point. I don't think they missed a mark anywhere with this restaurant. When the food, service, and ambiance are all in sync, you have yourself one fantastic restaurant on your hands. My recs would be the table side guac, shrimp tacos, street corn, grilled prawn salad, and the peruvian clam soup!!!!! I am in love with that soup! You can't go wrong with anything though! Oh and the margaritas are top notch, especially the Primarita. It is more expensive but so worth it! I also love the red sangria. The curros are also mind blowing. I can go on forever about this restaurant. It is one of my favorites in old town! Hands down!
5	WOW! This place is great! A definite restaurant not only to return to, but to recommend to friends. I made a reservation earlier in the week for Wednesday night - so glad I did: the place was buzzing! My romantic husband did all the ordering for me and hit everything on the head. The Colorado Lamb Ribs Adobada was so delish - I could have had another! For our entrees, my husband ordered the Creekstone Filet and Diver Scallops. The filet was a bit too red for my taste, but my husband loved it! The scallops were the best I've ever had - they simply melted in my mouth! The smoked banana pieces that were on the plate were pretty and all, but I did not like them (nor did the people at the next table who we let try them). And of course, the Mission Fries were a happy combination for both my husband and I. I took them home and even ate them cold the next day and they were still wonderfully tasty! Our stomachs so full that we could not even order dessert (shouldn't have had the chips and salsa the waiter brought out twice). But, our new friends from the next table did give me a taste of the pumpkin bread pudding and it was exceptional! I will definitely save room for that next time.By coincidence, our waiter ended up being the famous "Sam" and all previous reviews are right - he is simply great! He loved that my husband ordered for me, kept the food a secret, showed up at the right times, and was just all around a nice guy. The restaurant itself was lively and fun. The chandeliers and mirrors gave it a romantic touch and I also loved the tiled wall! Manager was on hand (not that there were any problems, just wanted to tell him I loved this place) and everyone seemed really happy to be working here! We will definitely be back!
4	Solid spot!
4	I really like this restaurant.  Drinks, appetizers, and deserts were all 5 stars.  Dinner was good, just not great.  I think they are guilty of just being a little over ambitious with there main selections.  I had the chirizo porchetta and it looked and sounded great, but it was just average....the pork was overcooked and dried out.  My wife had the swordfish veracruz and she liked it, but thought it was kinda boring.  Overall, still a very good experience, but not 5 stars.  I will go back though as the restaurant and ambience is beautiful and the service was superb.
5	The best guacamole on the planet!  It also, had pozole, and a great ribeye steak.  This would be the perfect place for a romantic dinner.  It is ultrachic, and has a great wine list.  The desserts were also to die for.  The service I must admit was a bit amateurish, but I must give them 5 stars for effort, and sincerity!  What has really sold me on this place it has a good combination of street food, as well as classic dishes.  If you are looking for a great restaurant in the Phoenix, AZ area this is at the top of the list.
5	Best meal in Scottsdale!! Try the appetizers less expensive than the entree and tasty!!
5	As a hopeless foody I think I am hard to impress, but this place knocked my socks off.  After reading reviews and talking to a few locals we decided to dine at the Mission on a Saturday night.  Our reservations were for late, but we wandered in early and grabbed a seat at the bar.  Sitting next to us a local was ordering and ran through the menu with us...he was so enthusiastic that we decided to get a few appetizers there....they were incredible.  My wife got an wonderful drink that paired with the house guacamole and the braised pork belly perfectly.  The fresh made chips were terrific, and the pork belly portion was bigger than most steaks I have had recently.  Topped with caramelized onions, perfectly spiced, just the right balance of crisp on top and unctuous in the middle.  The appetizers were so incredible we decided to keep going.  The ambience was wonderful, the crowd was sociable and we ordered the Peruvian clam stew, the duck confit and the sweet potato fries....oh, almost forgot the braised beef street tacos.  The portions were all huge, and it was clear that we had ordered too much, but we shared with the folks around us.  The street tacos were good, topped with a crisp slaw and fresh homemade bread and butter pickles.  I would say they were just what we expected.  The duck was excellent, and more than enough for my wife and I to split...and we still couldn't finish it all.  The fries were great....and good fries should never be taken for granted.  But, the dish that trumped them all was the clam stew.   The spicy brown broth was light...almost airy, and its all about the broth.  The stew was just spicy enough, without being overpowering.  I actually had a dream about it that night....OK, we are obviously fans.  Great ambience, terrific service, warm rich dark decor that makes you feel good when you walk in on a cool winter night, excellent drinks...need I say more.   If you are in the Phoenix area make this a priority stop....you will not be disappointed.
5	Ate at the Mission twice during our stay in the area.  Both times we had very good food and drinks, great service - we will go back again when in the area.
5	Sooooooo Goooooood!  Loved the front patio seating w/the fireplace. We sat there X-mas eve and felt cozy w/the patio gas heaters on.  The inside decor is great, colors, types of seating, bar area, lighting etc... My husband & I shared a Don Julio Tequila Flight and our Waitress took time to explain the various tequila and the aging process plus she had great tips and recommendations on the menu. We also shared the crispy pork belly appetizer, the table side guacamole, the braised beef tacos and the pumpkin bread pudding. Absolutely everything was fabulous. Up there with the top tasting restaurants and best ambiance In my opinion!
5	great food, solid service, wonderful ambiance - one of the best mexican restaurants in Phoenix
5	Great atmosphere, knowledgeable wait staff,  delicious food, and oh my goodness...the pumpkin bread pudding is amazing!!!
4	I was very impressed with The Mission.  Immediately walking in, I was struck by the romantic atmosphere. It was dimly lit, but had lots of candle light and chandeliers.  I really thought the restaurant was just beautiful and felt intimate.  Our service was excellent.  We had table-side guacamole, halibut, and porchetta. The margaritas were really good- I love margaritas!  My boyfriend took me to The Mission at the recommendation of some friends. I'm so glad we went because it was a really special experience. I want to go back the next time we are in Scottsdale!
4	I really like The Mission.  My second trip here for lunch and it didn't disappoint.  We had a larger group with us this time but everyone loved their meal.  The guacamole is outstanding, we ordered two this time because it's so good.  Chips are fresh and the salsa has a wonderful tomato puree base with a medium heat.  Chicken Anticuchos were a big hit, I didn't try them but everyone at the table gave them rave reviews.  I had the butternut squash tacos, I love these the flavor is incredible.  Husband tried the Cuban sandwich this time and thought it was excellent, another at our table tried the brisket sandwich - also giving rave reviews.  One person ordered the pozole and everyone went nuts for it!I also ordered a side of the white bean puree - if you even just kind of like beans, try this it is so delicious!!  I could have ordered three sides of this as my meal. I gave everyone a taste and I could see them waiting to pounce if I left a speck in my bowl.There is a public lot across the street which makes parking a breeze.  The ambiance is nice, big bar with TV's, tight tables with dim lighting in the interior restaurant, nice patio seating out front.  Service has been excellent both times but the hostess staff is similar to the interior lighting - dim.My next move is to go at night for dinner and try some margaritas.
4	Bravo!Went for dinner, and liked it so much, went back two nights later.Name it, service, cuisine, ambiance (you need a flashlight or candle to read the menu), or friendliness...this is the place!Date night? Yes. Celebration? Yes. Gourmet enrichment? Yes. The guacamole ROCKs, order it! The street corn rocks, order it!  The grits (both types) rock, order both! Try any recipe with pork shoulder. Each bite is a celebration of flavor. I was pounding on the table with joy. Pumpkin bread pudding was a celebration of wonder. Order it.Don't come without a reservation unless you feel lucky. We saw people being turned away. Come hungry. They limit your time...so say for a 5:15 reservation, they politely indicate when being seated that you have until 7 (rare, but they do it well). This didn't bother us at all as we had plenty of time.This place is a Scottsdale must, possibly even a Phoenix must. You MUST dine here.Bon appetit!
5	I am really loving the Mission after a recent visit.  The margaritas are fantastic and the "skinny" one is strong and delicious.  Last visit, I had the duck empanadas which were delicious. Every time the atmosphere is really fun.  I will say inside can sometimes be a little loud so if you are having super serious conversation you might sit outside on one of the patios.
5	Three of us locals went to try a restaurant we had never been to before and came out wondering how come we didn't find this place before!  The service was impeccable...from the hostess to our waitress to the manager.  Everyone was friendly and helpful.  We ordered the guacomole that is prepared tableside and we practically licked the bowl.  The posole and kobe dog hit the spot on a chilly afternoon.  The manager, Michelle, stopped by our table and after some Facebook discussion, sent us three small avocado margeritas to taste.  OMG!  I can't wait to spread the word about this place and I know my boys will LOVE the kobe dog.  Can't wait to go again soon!
3	Based on Yelp reviews and general hype, made reservations for 3 for my buddies and I as we were meeting in Scottsdale for 4 days of golf.The place was crowded (good) and atmosphere was great.  The right noise/activity level though quite a bit of the clientele were older (60+) semi-snobby acting loud-talkers.  I imagine it's a popular spot for tourists as well (though not during that VERY slow week in town).  The small bar area was much better and offered us the opportunity to wince as we watched an incredibly beautiful woman try to get away from what was clearly an online-dating nightmare...very entertaining and a study in body language for sure! Aaaayway...As the hostess started to lead us into the dining room, we noticed that all of the 4-tops were quite small.  That-is, small for 4 guys 6'2" - 6'5" and 210 - 250 lbs.  We looked one another and made the obvious point...we would be packed next to each other.  We instead opted for the long high-top bar table and it was perfect for us.Server (Meghan?) was excellent.  Cute little gal who did a great job explaining things and checking-in regularly.  Of course, we're hard to miss there in the center of the bar area.Food - Quality was excellent.  Nicely presented but waaaaay to much emphasis on making it feel "haute-ish".  Latin dishes done very well but be prepared for excessively small portions.  They must run a fantastic food cost here.  Porchetta with house-made Chorizo (no more than 4 ounces) and a puny bowl/ramekin of pureed white beans and crema of some sort (maybe 1/2 cup)...$28.00!  Of course, nicely decorated plate and again, excellent quality and flavor profile.  But come-on, it's Porchetta and Chorizo for cryin out loud.   Also ordered their side of house-made tortillas - Four or five 3" round little tortillas served on a big heated salt rock...$8!  Now THAT was funny...or not.So - Good food, done well.  BUT I won't go back based only on the silly portion sizes for the money and trust me, I almost never gripe about the price as long as the quality is there.  Would definitely go back for drinks or a $7 Stella (yeah, I know) and maybe find that amazingly beautiful woman trapped by her stalker-date! (alas...sigh).
5	Really great food and service. Loved the ambience at night. This place would be packed to the rafters in LA.
5	This is all you need to know about the mission:1. Make a reservation. If not, you probably won't be seated for a while. This place is popular!2. BEST GUAC EVER. Get it. You won't be disappointed. 3. Delicious take on Mexican food. It's a refreshing change from the norm. 4. The pork shoulder taco's for 2 are AMAZING. Get them. And at only $32.... not pricey at all (especially for two people)! The salmon is excellent as well. 5. The side dish of corn is delectable. Get that too. 6. Go for your birthday or anniversary and get their take on bread pudding, free. We're going tonight for a birthday and I can't wait to sink my teeth into the pumpkin bread pudding, YUM!7. Service is excellent. Servers are knowledgable. Great decor. Romantic.
5	I love the French pressed coffee! Everything I have ever eaten from this place has been amazing. I try something new except for the french pressed coffee I'm just amazed I haven't found a coffee house that offers it. But the Mission has GREAT FOOD and even better Service. I love the tortas the most but everything is amazing!
5	The Mission has rich architectural history and atmosphere PLUS amazing food. The food and the service is always outstanding!
4	Great quality food and ambiance for a 1:1 meal. The only reason this place didn't get 5 stars was b/c the portion sizes were small. For the price I was a bit surprised I didn't see a bit more come out.Everything else was fantastic and I would visit this restaurant again.
5	I'm from Chicago and Chicago has great food.  The Mission was fabulous!  I loved it.  The server helped me pick out a great wine to go with my steak tacos that was perfect.  I can't wait to go back here.
4	Came in for lunch & drinks while on vacation and instantly fell in love with the decor and ambiance, what a great place.Our second love was the guac - seriously...the BEST I have ever had. If there was guac in heaven, this would be it. So freaking good.Both the hus and I opted for different tacos, all of which were delish & the service was great. Definitely a great spot for lunch and I imagine and even better place for dinner & bar atmosphere.
5	Best restaurant in phoenix . Excellent food and service .. I would take anyone here ! Great great great !
4	Awesome food and good service. We were there for my birthday and sat on their very nice, intimate patio. I would definitely return.
4	The Mission is a wonderful restaurant located in Old Town Scottsdale and priced accordingly.We came here this past Friday night around 5;30 or so.  Over drinks and our meal, we keep discussing the term In-elasticity of demand.  That's economics, for how high you can raise prices before consumers will start cutting back.  You see the food at The Mission is excellent!   It's delicious!  It's outstanding!  But, judging on how they pack them in, the investors who own The Mission, could easily raise prices by 10 or 20%, and no one would blink an eye.Hopefully, you're not reading my Yelp Reviews for Economics lessons. But to find out about the dining experience and food.  LOL Since there is no Happy Hour at The Mission, we were lucky to get a table near the bar.  We ordered the "made at your table" Guacamole for $12.00.  Excellent!  If you do not believe me -- checkout the nearly half dozen photos other Yelpers have posted for this one menu item.  Yes, it's very good.  They cut up one avocado, add a pinch of salt, red onion, half a lime, cilantro, pine nuts and some grated mexican cheese. Creamy texture and yummy.We ordered a glass of Sangria for $8.00. and a Mohito for $12.00.  Both were very good, though each had too much ice.  We also ordered off the appetizers menu the Chicken Anticuchos for $8.00, and Skirt Steak tacos for $12.00. The chicken comes on two skewers, with a very nice tasting mole that dominates.  It's seasoned with raisin, balsamic, sesame ,cocoa and peanuts.  Very nice.  The three small steak tacos were marinated in Tecate and smoked in their back yard. It's the smokey taste that makes the dish unique.  It also comes with green chili salsa, some diced avocado, cilantro and cotija on top.  These too were delicious and hit the spot.  A shout-out to fellow Yelp'er Pepper T, who coined the term "Petite proteins" in her review.  Nicely said Pepper!  I believe it's nouveau cuisine.We ordered one more drink before asking for the check.  The damage came to just over $69 including taxes, but before tip.  As I mention in the begining, The Mission gets very crowded and can feel claustrophobic.  It's also dark inside, and at times can be very noisy.After the show at the Permorming Art Center down the street, we thought about coming back for dessert. But there was about twenty customers waiting outside to be seated.  Maybe next time.  In-elascity of Demand as they say.
2	The Mission is a quandary.  I like the flair and inventiveness the restaurant brings to the food.  Beyond that from the, "Hi, do you have a reservation" to OMG at the size of the check TM is hard slogging.  If you're into food TM should be sought out but if you're looking for a good time I suggest avoiding them and that would be two stars not worth the time an money.
4	Seriously folks, get the fresh made-at-your-table guac.  It's the best I've ever had!  Damn!  that was delicious!  The pork belly appetizer is also delicious and fatty and succulent.  My wife and i had the pork shoulder tacos.  Meh...  I thought it was juicy and tender, but lacked some flavor.  But then desert came, I had the fried bananas.  OMG!  Super guilty desert.  So good with the chocolate sauce, caramel sauce, peanut butter fluff and ice cream.  You can just skip the main course and go from appetizers to desert.  That would work!
5	Even though it has only been about a month since the last visit, I needed my Almejas Al Vapor "fix". This Peruvian dish is soooo incredible. Also, I had the kale salad which was excellent! This is one of my favorite restaurants anywhere and I'm so glad I get to go to Phoenix, often!
5	I tried this place because the hotel bartender at Gainey Ranch recommended it to me. He did steer me in the right direction. It was very crowded, and you are going to need a reservation for large groups. However, we were sat immediately on their little patio out front. It was cozy and lovely. I actually recommend sitting out there when it's not 200 degrees outside. It's away from the hussel and bussel. The food was delicious! I know their menu selection is limited, but the food that is on there is to die for. The chef is apparently French but working at a Latin restaurant. French and Latin fuse together to make a great combo. I had their filet and a bite of the chicken dish. Both were simply amazing. ALSO If you only take one thing away from this review, remember to order the guacamole appetizer. It is the best guac I've ever tasted in my life! If you have lots of money eat here because it's pretty pricey, but totally worth it in my opinion.
5	I've lived in Tempe for about five years, and if you asked me what my favorite restaurant is, I would say The Mission.  If I were to try and pin down the reason for my favorable opinion, it would be something about the entire dining experience.  Located in Old Town Scottsdale, the actual restaurant is an old church.  At least on the outside.  It always feels like a party is happening on the inside.  Indoor and outdoor tables are available.  There is a vast array of margaritas, most come with actual lime juice, and other sundry drinks.    The dinner menu also boasts a myriad of options.  The food is always great.  I'm always trying to decide between several drinks and several entrees.  Although, I usually order several drinks.  The ambiance is festive and loud with dim lighting.  If you want a quieter dining experience, come during the day light hours.  Often, my daughter accompanies us.  There is free parking near by, and a variety of after dinner locations within easy walking distance, such as ice cream parlors.
5	Mmmmmmm! I love The Mission, the margaritas are fabulous, amazing tequila flights, the food=AHHHHHHH.......MAZING* Latin American Cuisine at it's finest* The duck special was to die for, creamy honey chipolte grits, bacon haricot verts, mahi tacos, Sunday brunch specials on drinks and all u can eat pork taco buffet for $16. GO EAT HERE. (I also LOVE the ambiance~super romantic, fabulous chandeliers, super chill front & back patio) Enjoy.
5	We came here during restaurant week last year and it blew our minds. I heard good things before, but really, it started with their award winning drinks. I recall a blood orange margarita that was amazing and then the almejas, which is a Peruvian stew, touched every part of my heart. I got the scallops and split my honeys entree, which I think we're tacos? I can't help but recommend this place to people. I wish it wasn't so loud though. I guess that's part of the Scottsdale thing though! Worth the wait for sure.
3	Great ambience.  Sat out on back patio.  Felt the waitress was a bit snooty.  I think the concept of the food is great, but not so great in execution.  The guacamole everyone raved about "made tabelside" was made over in a corner and brought over to the table already made.  I would have liked to watch them make it.  Was just about one large scoop and that was it.  Left us wanting more, but flacor wasn't really there.  Underseasoned and overpriced at $12.00.  And the chips were undercooked so crunchy onthe outside, but tought toward the middle.  The chicken skewers with mole sauce was dry and mole was just ok.  The sweet potatoe/french fries were just like any other restaurants, but loved the sauces.  Tacos (ckicken) were just ok.  The much acclaimed pumpkin bread pudding was excellent, but only about a 3 inch square.  Just a teaser size.I think if you don't mind spending the money, can get by the snooty waitress, and want to try something different, go for it.  Everyone in the area said to try Los Olivos right around the corner for really good Mexican food.
5	My wife and I were looking for a restaurant with a Southwestern influence, and after seeing the reviews thought we would try the Mission.  Reviews were high, so we expected to be disappointed.  WOW, we went on a Monday evening, and called for reservations.  It was busy, but we were seated right away.  The food was incredible, and the service was fantastic.  We started with the tableside guacamole, which was out of this world, and ordered the pork tacos for two with the mission fries.  I have eaten at restaurants all over the country, but I must say that this was one of the best meals I have had in a very long time.  We couldn't believe that they exceeded our expectations.  I HIGHLY recommend.  The flavors that the chef brings together in each of the dishes were amazing.I can't wait to come back to Phoenix and visit again.  It is also really cool that it is in old Scottsdale, and is just a really cool setting.  I don't believe you could be disappointed with the Mission.  We loved it.
5	I went to this restaurant with 9 other girls as part of a bachelorette party weekend.  We actually picked this place based on all the Yelp reviews and now here I am writing one of my own.First off - make a reservation and get there on time!  This place gets packed, and I can see why.  The ambiance is really nice.  Kind of laid-back, soft lighting everywhere, some pretty chandeliers and this sort of industrial look that went well with the antiquity of everything else.  Our server was AMAZING.  He took the time to go over any item on the menu and explain how it's cooked, and made great recommendations for some of our girls who were vegetarians.  Myself, I was going to order the chorizo pork shoulder but decided to get the chicken tacos instead.  I was a little worried that I'd made a mistake with that order because when the food was served, all I got was a small plate with 3 cute lil tacos.  What I didn't realize was how packed full of delicious meat those tacos were.  They were, literally, finger licking good!  All the other girls in my party loved their food, so I think I can go as far as saying most everything on the menu is delicious.Finally, the mixed drinks are delicious, too.  They have so many tequilas, it's mind-boggling. I had one of their mojitos and it was to die for.  The bartender also hooked us up with some kind of sweet drink in a shot glass for some of us chicks who can't handle hard liquor shots.Anyways, I highly recommend this place!
4	I went to this restaurant on a business dinner.  First the atmosphere and decor is spot on.I am not typically a fan of guacamole, but WOW!!  Reminded me of the old steak restaurants that would fix a Caesar salad at your table.  The server came to the table, asked how hot we wanted our guacamole and fixed up a fresh serving.  It was fantastic.The rest of the food was quite good.  Two of us had the duck confit and two the flat iron steak.  I would have the duck again when I go back.The only reason I didn't mark 5 stars is that our server wasn't that great.  Forgot for about 10 minutes to bring some drinks to the table, etc.
5	Omigod, the the food is absolutely fabulous, I eat til I hurt. You need a reservation! Period. But its totally worth it. I tried it last year and literally thought about it ALL YEAR, finally returned and just as awesome as before. Nothing like it, yes there is good Mexican food in AZ (and in SF, CA).... its just not like this place. Would be hurting all the time if this place was local to me!
5	I had heard good things about this place, so I had to check it out. We came here after a 1PM Giant's game and sat at a table at the bar. We ordered margaritas - definitely hit the spot. We had table side guacamole - mild since we had some wimps at our table. It still had a kick to it, and was very yummy. We all had different types of tacos, and aside from one person who was on a no carb diet, everyone's plate was cleared.  The waitress was very attentive, and we were never left looking around for water or our next drink. I would highly recommend this place for lunch or dinner. Definitely worth a visit.
4	Nice place and the staff was fantastic.  There is a casual vibe to the place and the food was upscale Latin.  That being said; small portions at a high price.Great place for drinks and conversation with food being an afterthought.
4	Called in a take out order on Tuesday night at 8:00 and waited on hold for 8 minutes. They said they were unusually slammed and they were.  Expectations were set to pick up the order in 10-15 minutes at the bar.  Not a terrible estimate. Arriving 25 minutes after ordering I found the bar at sold out to the lovely Shae. Every seat was filled. Every employee that I interacted with was great!  Even while on hold placing the order. I was tended to several times with an update as to when my order would be taken. FOOD, let's get to the food. The Butternut Squash Tacos were the most petite little things. Seemingly small portioned these tacos were satisfying. The squash was perfectly cooked and there was a blend of black beans and sun flower seed to lend some protein. The guacamole was unique with Parmesan, sun flowers and a bit of smoke. The salsa was also an Arbol smoky.  The HEAT challenged my mojo. I thought I wanted a 7 out of 10 kind of heat. They gave me mild with a side of the pure goodness. The smoke definitely comes from the hot sauce. It's a heat that build for a few seconds and lights on fire when you try to wash it down. MEDIUM was plenty.   The Pumpkin Bread Pudding was all the reviews promised.
4	Relativly new joint in Old Town.   very innovative margaritas.  Went midday so we had the quac and tostadas.  The patio is lovely.  bring your wallet though... not exactly cheap
5	It is not too often that I ask to speak to the manager about the service, but our waiter Tony provided the best service that I have had in a long time. The guacamole made table side was fantastic and the house margaritas were awesome. The entire experience was excellent.
5	Absolutely do not miss this gem!! I seriously think I could eat here every day. The guys at the bar make amazing drinks and the menu will NOT disappoint! The merlot braised short ribs was fantastic and we had a hard time deciding! Don't miss the street corn!
5	This is how much we liked The Mission:  2 dinners, 1 lunch and 1 time for drinks and apps out of 5 days that we were in Scottsdale.  Weather was perfect and we sat in the patio.  Get the guacamole!  We ordered the kale salad, spinach salad, fish tacos, Crispy Cola Pork, Pork Belly Pibil, Pork Shoulder tacos, Pumpkin Bread Pudding and the Primarita Margaritas.  Lots of Primarita Margaritas!  Guess you could say we got addicted, so much so we made it our last stop before heading to Sky Harbor to fly home.
2	The food here was great.  We got the taco platter, which was great to share!  The drinks and ambience were very pleasant, even during a busy Friday evening dinner service.  It's tucked into a nice area in scottsdale with plenty of valet parking nearby.Our waiter was fine, although she had a habit of repeating what we'd ordered as a question.  The guy who cleared the tables was just bad, though.  He took plates too early without asking if they were done, and managed to spill a heavy mole sauce on us.The food was great, but since the service was terrible, I will stay away from here.
4	One of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix. It's such a nice departure from the Mexican food you find on every corner. This "Latin American" food is flavorful and fun, there is really no comparison to anything else around. If you're a fan of pork, you'll be in heaven. Sure, the tacos are tiny but they are filled to the top with the good stuff-meat and seafood. Who cares about the tortilla? Tableside guacamole is fantastic. Pork belly can't be beat. The pork tacos, seafood tacos (especially the scallops), and the beef short ribs are some of the best things I have ever tasted. The drinks are expensive but they are yummy.I like the presentation of the tortillas on the salt blocks and the salt wall around the kitchen is pretty cool. The decor is very nicely done with two huge patios that are perfect for Arizona evening dining or enjoying a cocktail in the sun.They get knocked one star because service is not consistent. I have been here four times now, twice the service was over-the-top, best waiter/waitress I've ever had. The other two times were just average wait staff, not bad, but why go back to the Honda when you've had the Bentley? Otherwise, everything else is perfect.
5	Super delicious short rib tacos!  Lots of chandeliers and candles give a dim, romantic vibe.
5	Excellent Margarita (Primorita)  We shared the tableside guacamole, the corn gordita (comes with 3 we added an extra), the shrimp tacos (also comes with 3 but added an extra) and scumptious shrimp taco.  Everything was excellent.  Great ambiance and very nice waiter who gave us great advice, thankyou Angel!
1	Bad customer service. I got the steak tacos. They were nothing special. I asked for one more corn tortilla since the tortillas were too small for all the meat and I was told that they come in sets of 3 for $6 extra. Really?? I just wanted one more tortilla that was 2 1/2 inches in diameter.
5	We were visiting for Spring Training, and this is by far some of the best "fancy" mexican food we have ever had.  And being frequent travelers to Mexico, this is a high complement.  My husband ha been craving it ever since we left.  Simply delicious :)
4	After a long day on our business trip in Phoenix, my friend and I looked up a good place to relax and hang out for dinner and came across Mission on Yelp. We decided to stop by this place at around 6pm and, boy...this place was full aleady! There was a line already coming out of the restaurant...and as we inquired, it would already be another 1.5 hr of wait time! Luckily, there was just the last 2 spots left at a bar, so we decided to just grab those spots to forgo the actual restaurant seatings. There at the bar, we were able to order restaurant food as well....so we opted for (...ready for this?....*drum rolls**):appetizer:table-top guacamolecrispy porkpork bellymain course:duck confitpork tacodessert:pumpkin bread pudding with fresh pomegrenate toppingsyea...I know...we were total pigs..but hey..the food was so good!! They brought out all the ingredients and customized the table-top guacamole for us according to how spicy we wanted it and what we wanted in there. The crispy pork/pork belly were also bite sizes (though still in good portions!)...and were delicious treats to us! I love the food there so much even though after eating all those dishes...I felt like I could never really have any Latin American/Mexican food for the next few months! The biggest let down though was the pumpkin bread pudding. It really didn't taste like bread pudding at all. It tasted more like pumpkin bread soaked in some sort of syrup and just topped with fresh pomegrenate seeds.  If I ever get to go there again, I would just skip desserts and only go for appetizers/main coruses there. Total damage to our wallet (e.g. cost without tip) was around $130, including soda/2 cocktails.By the time we left (8:30pm), the bar/restaurant were both completely packed! I saw a couple waiting for a table just anywhere (bar/restaurant) and I felt like they must have been waiting at least 1+ hour! yikes!!so...suggestion to all,...go early! eat lots..and be merry! :)
4	Had the tostados for appetizer and shared the pork shoulder tacos.  Both were absolutely delicious.  The handmade corn tortillas were perfectly sized and made.  I am usually not a fan of modern fusion cuisine and always love the simple street soft taco like King Taco back home in LA.  But this place didn't loose any of that simplicity by making it their own.  Both dishes were done with just enough "flair" to add to the dish instead of taking away from it.  Definitely a place I'd recommend and come back for.  Everything was great.We sat at the bar and the service was excellent too.
4	Brunch on a Sunday.... This was exactly what we were looking for!Setting:The weather was perfect so we dined on the patio at a corner table with an umbrella.The corner table had bench seating on one side and chairs on the other and it was actually quite comfy.There's a raised planter in between you and the side walk to give a bit of separation from you and the street.  It's a fairly quiet street (even with Spring Training fans walking around) so it wasn't loud.Great place to hang out and relax.Starters:Bloody Mary and MimosasI had the BM... it was very good.  I wanted to order another one but figured I'd better "be good" and only have one.Mom sucked down her Mimosa.... She wanted another one too but she refrained.  :)Fresh, Table-side Guacamole...  So!  Good!They make it to your preference... so if you don't like onions or cilantro or whatever then you can omit what you don't like.  But let me tell you... all the ingredients were Excellent.  We opted for Medium heat and it was perfect... the heat from the pepper balanced the creaminess of the avocados.... Oh and the roasted pepitas on top were like the "can't live without sprinkles on a cupcake".  Next time I make guac... I'm adding a a bit of pepitas.  These add a nice flavor, crunch and texture to the dip.I ordered the Chicken Torta with an egg on top (it was brunch so I figured an egg would make it breakfast-y)... Mom ordered the Green Chilaquiles and the husband ordered the Chorizo Scramble.The husband's Chorizo Scramble was good and the Chorizo had lots of flavor and a bit of a kick.  But overall, I was unimpressed with the dish.  It was your basic egg dish.My Chicken Torta was really cheesy... I don't mean it was silly... I mean... there was lots of cheese on it.  This isn't a bad thing if you love cheese. I didn't realize this so next time (because there will be a next time)... I'll order something a little lighter.  This dish was meaty and filling.  I didn't recognize most of the ingredients but it sure was tasty... plus it had nice heat which made the cheese a little less overpowering.  It's a pretty big dish... I didn't finish it... so the husband helped me out.Mom's Green Chilaquiles was Awesome!  BIG too!  I called them Gourmet Nachos.  Just thinking about them makes my mouth water.  If you're adventurous and have never tried these before.... Order these with a beer.  Total comfort food.  :)Service:Great!Super friendly and accommodating.Since we were one of the first for brunch ... they let us pick where we wanted to sit.
5	Great meal!  Had a nice dinner on the back patio and can't say enough good things about how impressed I was with everything.  Margaritas were great, guacamole was some of the best that I have ever had, and my Chimmichurri Marinated Hanger Steak was perfect.  Good meal all the way around.
4	Great ambiance and service, plus delicious food and margaritas!
5	Sat at the bar. Ordered the tostada appetizer which was delicious. Also had the pork shoulder tacos that are cooked for 10 hours. Very yummy. The mission is very romantic with darker lighting. I highly recommend it!
4	Probably the best guacamole I've ever had and it was made to order table side. Simple ingredients, but incredibly tasty.  We also had Duck Carnitas Empanada: duck, foie gras, orange, habanero, oregano, mushroom, and queso oaxaca and pork shoulder tacos with a pineapple glaze served with handmade corn tortillas. The tortillas were placed on top of a large brick to keep them warm. We also enjoyed a side of fresh corn made with butter, chile paprika & cotija. It typically comes on the cob, but we made a special request to have it shaved.Very hipster & trendy vibe.  Right up my alley.  What a great looking group of people dining at this awesome establishment, except none were Asian.  Yeah they're lacking with the Asians in Arizona.  At any rate, I can totally see Bobby Flay dining at this joint.
5	In 2012, I found this jewel of a restaurant while on a business trip.  This year, my wife and I were there within a hour of landing in Phoenix.  We did have a wait for a table but they were gracious and offered to call my cell phone so we could enjoy Ole Scottsdale area while the sun was setting.We selected a table outside in the rear patio.  It was slightly chilly so they brought my wife a blanket.  Who would have thought Phoenix would have been so chilly...in mid April.We love their guacamole made table side.  That was our favorite.  Amanda was our server and she made several great selections.  Although the portions are small, we feel like this is going to be on the list for 2014.  BTW - the salsa is fantastic!
4	The Mission ... where I fell in loved with my new favorite drink ... AVOCADO Margarita.    When I saw this on the menu it was like huh?  Really?  But after my first sip I fell in love.  I'm basically a lush and will drink anything and everything, but rarely do I fall in love with a drink as I have you.Even tho I don't live in Scottsdale I plan on coming back to visit you again.  Maybe have another secret rendezvous before it hits triple digits there.  Although I cannot lie if I do see this on a menu elsewhere I will have to cheat on you, but it will mean nothing.  What we have is special I swear.  I will dream about you until we meet again.Oh minus one star for all the flies on the patio.  Maybe invest in some Citron candles?
5	Fantastic ambiance, with low lighting in classic Spanish architectural-style building. Had the Green Chile Duck Confit paired with an Argentine Pinot Noir (both utterly delectable). I finished with the incredible Pumpkin Bread Pudding! Unparalleled service from Hannah. 5 stars all the way.
4	Only ordered apps.Excellent guacamole made table sidegreat grilled cornDuck empanadas were delicious, but could have done with just the insides, so savory. Good margarita selectionGood wine selectionGreat serviceGood ambiance.
3	Three stars for the food & value, five stars for the service. Went here with a party of six. Patio seating was lovely. Downside -- We ordered a bunch of appetizers (guac, grilled corn) were solid, if uneventful. For the prices you pay, I would have expected better food and/or larger portions. Shared the pork shoulder taco entree-for-two with my friend; they were good (not great) and not much of them. Our friends seemed to enjoy what they had.Upside - My wife's scallops came out way-too-salty. She asked the server to have them redone, and they came back oversalted a 2nd time. This time the manager came over, apologized profusely, and offered to comp her a different entree. By this time she had been nibbling on appetizers and just wasn't interested in another entree, so they brought us a variety of desserts (comped) for the table to share. That's how you treat guests and solve a problem. Extremely well-handled by the server and manager, which is enough to have us give The Mission another try this weekend.
5	As it would happen, choosing The Mission as a place to pre-game the evening's events was the best decision my crew made all night. (For my sake's anyway).There was the ambiance....The ambiance here envelopes you, much like that first wave of warmth you get from a vicodin, scotch and Red Bull blast. In fact, this place is so warm and cozy, it'll make you feel like you're back in the womb flipping off the ultrasound technician.The service...Perched at their communal high top, a long and double-sided table adjacent to the bar, our server was more attentive than a lion tamer with a big stick. This made it an absolute certainty I would lose the first of my five senses in a very short period...hearing.The weird thing about those communal tables is how you never know who you're going   to sit next to. Who do I get?A gaggle of what I can only conjecture were church ladies whom, at my merely uttering (90 decibels) the word 'FUCK', would violently, and in unison, snap their heads in my direction. Now this was fun.Yes, my prodigious cursing made for quite the theatrics as, with the same precision of Old Faithful, five heads would whip about on cue giving me the skunk-eye.What a hoot.The Food....The food was, well, I'm not sure. It looked and smelled good, but I was down to three senses by the time we finally ordered. Sadly, taste, much like Elvis, had left the building at that point. Good thing for our dates who were quick to inform us (routinely droning on throughout the meal) about how delicious everything was. (Blah Blah Blah)The bill for four of us came to two hundred twelve dollars before tip. We had drinks, some very cool looking appetizers, enough chips and salsa to feed a small Ethiopian village, a bevy of drink, and some entrees whose names I couldn't remember if my life depended on it.As I said, pre-gaming at the Mission was the best decision we made all night. Who could ever know that with one well-timed (and perhaps highly audible) "FUCK", I held the awesome power to control my very own Women's Synchronized Scowling Team.For at least one night of my miserable existence, I WAS omnipotent.Thanks Mission.
3	Dined here recently on a girls trip to Phoenix.  We split the spicy caesar salad which was definitely the best part of the meal.  I ordered the short-ribs braised in merlot which were just okay and my friend had the ahi of which I found that the flavor combination didn't work too well.  Service was the worst part of our experience.  It appeared as though our server was relatively new as she kept referring to notes on wines and food and then got upset with us when she brought us a sparkling wine when we had ordered the still. She was really huffy thinking we were being difficult and took the wine away and when she came back she had the wine list open and was like, "oh, there is a still of the rose, I thought it only came in sparkling.  All roses are usually sparkling."  Um...no.   My friend enjoyed her margarita but you won't find us back here.  I would be willing to overlook the wine mix-up if the food made it worth it.
3	The first time I went was with my wife and sister...  Each appetizer, entree and drink was amazing, not to mention great service...  So, I would have been between 4-5 stars.  The problem is that I booked a business dinner there two months later and was completely embarrassed with the service.  Our waitress didn't know the menu whatsoever, so really couldn't guide us when ordering.
4	Well decor, high end. Food are interesting and well cooked. I enjoyed Chicken Anticuchos, Green Chile Duck Confit(really tasty, sweet, rich with hominy),
4	Pros-Good location, not in a congested part of Old TownGood serviceHad the Chilean Salmon which was unbelievableTable side Guac which is awesomeTasty MargaritasCons-A bit pricey Gets a little claustrophobic insideVery noisy on a Saturday nightWill definitely go back and try the tacos and get some more ritas.
3	I've been to The Mission three times now. The first time was for lunch with my coworkers. Half the table got the Tecate Skirt Steak tacos for $10. I guess we didn't realize they were street tacos and so, so, so tiny my manager even took a picture to send to a friend as a joke. The taste was fine, but I wish the waitress had warned us the portion size was so small. I went back for brunch on a Sunday and had a much better experience. I had the Chorizo Scramble, which includes chipotle grits. I am in love with chipotle grits. They were incredibly creamy and flavorful. The portion size was very reasonable. There was a lot more food for $9 than the skirt steak tacos. I've been back for brunch and I really love it. They have a great front patio as well as a back patio. During the winter months it's great to sit outdoors. Next time I go I'll have to sit inside and see what the vibe is like in there. The abuelita hot chocolate with dulce de leche whipped cream is also a winner.
5	Excellent food and service. Although the fish tacos were a bit small in portion size.
4	If you are in need of a light meal, don't overlook the Pozole.  It is amazing, assuming you like the flavor of ham.  The little corn tortillas are perfect with this, and the guacamole.  Also, don't overlook the corn on the cob, street style.  Really yummy.We also thought they make the best margaritas we'd had in a while.  Loved the ginger & cilantro one, and also loved the pink grapefruit, which was in the soft-serve freezer that they use instead of a blender for slushy margaritas.The decor is very cool.
5	My favorite Mexican restaurant in the Valley.    I love everything I've had from the tacos to the hot dogs. ..yes. . .out of place but the hot dogs are amazing!  Excellent customer service!
4	After a night of drinking with friends in Old Town, we walked over to the Mission to grab a bite to eat.  Although it was late for dinner by Scottsdale standards (9 pm), the place was packed.  We waited at the bar for our table and had a few cocktails.  After a short wait, we were seated.  We browsed the menu while we were having cocktails, so we knew what we wanted.  I ordered the Steak Tacos ($12).  After a short wait they came out.  I took one bite and became a fan!  The quality of the ingredients was evident...the Tacos were delish.Service was  pretty good as well.  The first thing I thought about after leaving the restaurant was coming back on a date night with the Wife.Return Factor - 90%
3	The food tasted weird, i think they're trying too hard. As far as the prices, well, can I just say it was way too expensive. Sorry The Mission, wont be coming back
4	Husband and I there last Sunday for late brunch.  Even though it was a very warm day it was crowded and dark inside so we opted for the patio dining. (I do like the "speakeasy" effect of the restaurant decor.) Food choices were not extensive for brunch but we had the guacamole prepared tableside.  It was delicious, very chunky and full of goodies.  We ordered medium; it was a little too hot for me but husband likes the heat!  He had the all you can eat pork tacos and I had the steak tacos.  Sides we ordered poblano grits ( I like any kind of grits but these were excellent, not too hot) and the pureed black beans (nice with slight garlicky flavor).  I had 2 pomegranite margaritas.  The first one went down so nice I couldn't resist.  One of the best of this flavor margarita I've ever had.  Only downside was pesky flies on the patio--they need to address this, but food/drink excellent.
5	2013 started with TWO trips to Spring Training.  The Mission is always a definite GO...like GO GIANTS!  Still O-sooo-GOOD.  I've included their Pozole in my faves.  Added another star to my earlier review!
4	It's still so good. Wonderful cocktails supplied by the sweet and capable Brian at the bar. Table side guacamole is just amaze - bright flavors, freshy fresh happy food accompanied by warm, unending supply of chips. Delish. First time for the Barbacoa tacos. Genius. Beautifully cooked and seasoned, piled on top of the fresh tortillas. Yikes. I wasn't that hungry after the guac but had no problem happily eating these. I like them just as much as the pork tacos and its just the right amount of food. We had coffee - yum to the french press - alongside of which was a cinnamon shortbread that had some pepper heat. Perfect. The table shared churros. I love you Mission, but the churros were meh. A bit overcooked and it seemed like the oil in the fryer need to change. Its a nit pick, granted. Otherwise, it was a full house, service was humming and dinner was great. Still a fan.
3	chicken and waffles with maple. jalapeno margarita. chef carter wins again in this swanky old town digs.--LOVE the all-day sunday pork taco station. all you can eat!--lively bar scene, and with creative and excellently-crafted drinks to boot--smoky and spicy red sauce. i'm glad to have it as often as possible. perfectly prepared.--fois gras on a skewer? i wasn't sure it could work, but OH yeah, it was awesome. with juicy and moist bites of beef it was delectable.--guacamole prepared tableside. it's a bit of a spectacle, but fun.--i finally understand it. chicken and waffles. with maple syrup dip. i just needed it to be made properly. and it was. MAKE IT YOUR MISSION to eat this dish here. if you didn't get it before, you will.i've seriously had this place on my list for years. Finally i made it. wow. great seeing some folks from zinc down here. smiles all around.i can't wait to go back.# but i asked the fried egg for the torta to be SLOWly-cooked and instead it came brown and hard at the edges. sorry. can't cook eggs is a dealbreaker.it's the same problem at zinc on their croque madame.guys, you've gotta slow down and lower temperature on fried eggs. they are so delicate! don't rush them!
5	Some other cranky New York expats and I were bemoaning the food around here, so I started thinking about my favorite places to eat in the Valley. Places where I haven't been disappointed, and where I don't leave feeling like I paid for a great meal and got a good meal.  The Mission is one of them.  Go there and eat.  Eat anything on the menu.  It will be good.
5	The Mission...what can I say.This is the BEST restaurant in Scottsdale hand down. I am a regular and here is why:-Amazing ambiance..... dark with lots of candles and a salt brick wall. Really cool music at just the right volume.-Creative, unique and perfectly executed menu. What makes this place so special is there is literally nothing like it in town.-Friendly service. In my experience, the servers had strong knowledge of the menu and were real people. At a lot of these nice restaurants service is great but seems a bit fake. People who work here seem comfortable in their own skin and are generally fun to talk to.-Top notch margaritas! I sat at the bar once and the bar manager Mike took great  care of us. I was pretty sure my girl friend was going to dump me for this guy...he is as smooth as it gets. This guy has to be melting hearts on the reg between his game and the tequila selection.If you want to get in here I strongly recommend a reservation...pretty tough to get in even on week days without one.
5	Beautiful outdoor space overlooking the historic Mission church. Everything was perfect.
4	Muy Fuerte! This place is sexy, swank, and fun! A great place for any special occasion or date night. Their drinks are incredible, the food is decent, and the desserts are fun! Arrrrriiiibbbaa!!!!
5	My sister and I dined on the back garden patio.  I loved the location of The Mission.  We ordered the table-side guacamole and it was superb.  The Mexican restaurants in Houston doesn't come close to the freshness and the complete circle of spices that were added.  It was topped with pumpkin seeds which was a first for me.  My sister ordered Chorizo Porchetta which was pork shoulder with fresh kitchen made chorizo stuffed in the middle and I ordered the Chilean Salmon.  The drinks were amazing.  We ended dinner with Espresso Churros....oh my...no words.  I will never have Churros unless they are from The Mission way in Scottsdale AZ.
2	Was not impressed with the food or beverages.  To start with I had two draft beers, both were flat and had no lacing in the the glass (dirty glassware).  It was Sunday so I went with the Chicken and waffles which was highly suggested by the server.  Wheat waffles does not make any since to me, if someone orders waffles they are not concerned about eating healthy for that day,  The waffles were flabby and not crisp and the chicken was made to be more of an art piece.  Every kitchen has it bad days the at least they are not defacing good quality craft beer with dirty beer lines and glasses.
5	Absolutely delicious! Three of us shared the Mahi Mahi, Short Rib Barbacoa, and steak tacos.....really incredible. The guacamole was good and the Cucumber-Jalepeno Margarita was excellent!
5	Went here tonight for the first time and had an amazing experience.  EVERYTHING we tried was wonderful.  All the flavors were great and the food was very unique.  The atmosphere was very chic and the service was fantastic.  Would definitely go back as well as try other restaurants the chef owns.  Our waiter Jermal was the best!
5	The Mission was my last stop on my food tour of Phoenix, and I ended it with a bang!The place was surprisingly crowded for a Wednesday evening, and I had to sit at a bar table. I didn't mind; was just surprised. I started with the Mango and Jicama salad (no cheese), and it was light and refreshing. The drink menu was impressive, and I decided on the Primarita. It was crisp with a little bite to it - perfect! I sipped my drink while I enjoyed the Tecate Skirt Steak tacos, which were incredible. The meat was flavorful and tender; the spices perfect. The portion size was a little small - the corn tortillas were silver-dollar size - which perhaps explains how the Primarita went straight to my head?I highly recommend this place. Ambiance, food, service - all are top notch.
4	There are plenty of dining options in downtown Scottsdale area.  The Mission outshines the competitions with quality food and welcoming atmosphere.  There was a big crowd, and we waited about 45 minutes without reservation.  Overall, this place put out some of the best Latin inspired dishes.Duck Carnitas EmpandaThe flavor combination worked well, but it was difficult to discern foie gras as one of the ingredients.   Pork ShoulderIt was tender and flavorful with soft tortillas.  I like the presentation with the tortillas layered on top of the salt block.  I don't think the salt block did much flavor wise, and the tortillas weren't too salty because of it.Fried Bananas The bananas weren't too mushy inside, and the exterior had nice delicate crunch.
4	Brunch was amazing. Mexican with a French style of cooking. I had the chicken and waffles. Nothing like Roscoe's, but still amazing in a different way.
4	Very good authentic Mexican food. Made from scratch guacamole & margaritas. Great wines available too.
5	A five star review is a rarity for me to give.  It leaves no room for doubt that this is a business that has achieved the ultimate mastery of its craft.  If the purpose of the "The Mission" was to create an experience of latin flavors that both excite and dominate your palette with brutal efficiency, they indeed deserve this 5 star review.On a rare occasion you get to experience something new.  Both my wife and I love latin food and we had heard plenty of buzz that The Mission was the place to go to feed this hunger.  The old world style of the restaurant is matched by the decor and place settings.  You get the feeling that you are somewhere deep within Mexico or Argentina once you take your seat.  The wait staff was courteous and explained each and every aspect to the menu.  From the delectable seafood soup to the various tapas and main dishes, we were well informed on what we could expect.We tried a little bit of everything and I cant say as I have tried anything more delectable than the south of the border treats set before us.  Each dish gave a unique experience and flavor that kept the table quiet as we tried to mastermind how to describe these tastes.  If you want an evening out that will give you no less than an amazing meal with a lot to talk about afterwords, you should make The Mission your mission.
4	Tiny inside. Very good service and street tacos delicious, yummy guacamole made table side.
3	The food here was just ok. Though to be fair, I'm not typically a fan of Mexican Food.
5	This food is everything but authentic Mexican but I say that in a good way!  The chef is French trained and has taken traditional Mexican dishes and put his twist on it. Agree the table side made fresh guacamole is to die for!  We shared the roasted corn and both had tacos (fish and spare rib).  The preparation and presentation is nothing I've ever seen as the mini tacos were stacked not stuffed. We learned of two other restaurants the chef owns and plan on trying out!  All in all one of the best (if not the best) "Mexican" dinner in a long time.
5	I think it's safe to say that if I could afford it, I would eat here every night. This place is AMAZING. The ambiance is great, the patio is great, the drinks are great, the food is phenomenal. When I had family in town, we came here twice in two days because they loved it that much too. We got guacamole and several other appetizers that I can't really remember but they were all very good. The duck was my favorite thing here and the pork shoulder was delish as well. The staff was really friendly and service was good. Great place to bring family or friends who are in town, great place for date night, a birthday, special celebration, etc.
5	We had a great meal here!  Food was delicious and the atmosphere was very nice!  Definitely will return
5	Out of this world good. Amazing service, amazing food. Sam took great care of us multiple visits. One of the best places in old town...seriously. Try the Kobe dog, it will have you telling all your friends.
5	The food here is spectacular, and the ambiance is great.  Servers are always friendly.
4	Very nice.  Very dark.  Table side guacomole is good.  The 4 of us had small plates instead of meals.  Pricey but worth it. Pork belly was my favorite. Two liked the mushroom tacos. Service was good. John helped us out. Would return and do small plates again.
3	I dined here for the first time, while on vacation, because of all the good Yelp reviews. The atmosphere is tranquil looking but loud with a mixed aged-crowd.It is apparently customary to be given a small light to look over the menu, because it is so dark . Our server did not offer us one , even after she saw me using my phone. Being our first time, (and we even told her it was our first time) she did not run through any specials or anything. I had to ask and she just told me the Chef's recommendation.  The server next to us told his table all the specials that evening.The guacamole was different with the toasted pepitas in it. It had a nice flavor.I had the chicken tacos and ordered flour tortillas vs corn. It would have been nice to have been told that I would have had to put everything together myself, vs if I had ordered them with corn tortillas. It came with two flour tortillas and a bowl with the chicken and avocado and then a side of the sauce. The chicken was  a tad dry and overcooked. I have had better tacos elsewhere.The blood orange pineapple margarita was the best thing I had there. The server was not very inviting and seemed uninterested in helping us . She only came around to take the order and check how the guacamole was and then handed us our bill. I think there needs to be some improvement on the service.I would try it again and ask for a different server.
4	Love the ambience of this place.  The tacos were fantastic and really enjoyed our server.
5	Could not have been more satisfied!!Tara, our server, was so kind! She did an awesome job recommending foods to us. We enjoyed all her recommendations. I enjoyed the flat iron steak. Wow!!My girlfriend had the red snapper and she loved it!Overall, an amazing dining experience. This is a fantastic restaurant.
5	loved this place. was in town for a bachelorette party and someone recommended this restaurant to us. it was a perfect way to end the weekend. food was delish, our waiter was serious eye candy and the ambience was perfect. also since we gave a heads up that it was a bachelorette, they treated us to free tequila shots and a brought out a dessert with sparkler for the bride to be. must go again whenever in town!
5	awesome!
4	As I do with most places, I want to and for whatever crazy reason feel the need to leave some long ass review.  But this place already has enough of those.  The Mission is certainly one of the Best Local Restaurants in AZ but I don't think its that amazing.  The drinks are incredible but expensive, the appetizers are so tasty but expensive, and the food is pretty damn good (but not over the top amazing) and expensive.  See a pattern? While I do like it here very much, I really think its just overpriced for what you get.  Certainly worth going a time or two though. (anyone that wants to buy me a Mojito here may fill out application. I'm accepting all applications.)
5	I always take friends here from out of town.  Love this place!
4	Love the guacomole!
4	Truly inspired dishes and excellent service. The marketing will lead you to think you are going to dine inside the mission, but you are simply in a building next to it.  I liked the experience and will go back.
5	This is one of those sunshine stories, the mission has succeeded in launching their own twist on Mexican cuisine./ServiceWhen I first arrived I was greeted in a very personable way. I was promptly seated and soon our waitress arrived. Let's talk about the waitress for a second. Professional and personable, and did not hesitate to give her own opinion on dishes and drinks.. neither did she say anything negative on anything on the menu, but that is her job after all. I think the service was great, absolutely great. /FoodThe food was excellent. The tacos are small, very small.. like taco sliders, but they are tasty. Dont be discouraged by that fact. I went with the chorizo filled pork - I wouldn't recommend it, but I loved the set up, the presentation, how fresh it seemed. But if there is one thing that is a must to try at this place, it is the tableside guacamole. They mix it before your eyes and you can comment and suggest yourself, and the result was amazing./DrinksI think the drinks are too expensive. Yes, this is Scottsdale and you have to accept this fact - but I am saying this because despite the raving about the mixologist, I just wasn't impressed. Plus one for ingenuity, minus one for drink list limitation. /AmbienceFantastique. No but really, it is really good and the service (as I already over sold) plays a big part of this. They are the life of the atmosphere. But the layout is cool and they have focused on making this cozy and intimate, but not too intimate. They have found the baby bear kind of middle ground.. (you know, Goldilocks?)
2	Atmosphere is great, but the service was subpar.  The tables next to us were offered samples of margaritas and overall seemed to have better service.  We will likely not return, expenisve food which was average at best.
5	This place has everything you could be looking for! Good for a date or just with the buds! The food takes the spotlight at the mission. Its not over priced and it fills you up! Fancy by my standards, however, all of the tacos were delicious and the tostadas were amazing!!! Get the table side guac to spice everything up! Just remember what you order comes usually in threes and there are no sides per say.Margs are 10$ a pop but they are good! Atmosphere and service was amazing!
5	Hands down one of the best restaurants I have been to.  Service was unbelievably great.
2	I tried really hard to like this place, but in the end, no different than a Cantina Laredo. Table side guacamole was average compared to other places ( La Grande Orange has the best). Skirt steak tacos were good but were so heavy there is a reason why they only give you three quarter sized ones. Dessert was the most disappointing. The churros were soggy and the milkshake that came with it was terrible.
4	In Scottsdale for the week on business and had the opportunity to try The Mission. The guacamole is as good as advertised. The chips were just salty enough. The short rib tacos were small, but tasted excellent. Between the app and the tacos (3 to an order) I didn't have room for dessert. I wish I did though as the next table over was raving about the pumpkin bread pudding. I would have loved to try it. Service was very good (friendly, knowledgeable and made good recommendations) if a little slow (the place was busy early on a Thur evening).
4	Great sunday brunch option. Food was very good. I will definitely return.
5	Let me start by saying-- whenever I decide on a place for lunch or dinner Mexican/Latin/Spanish food is rarely (uhm... never) at the top of my list. But, it was my boyfriends 21st birthday, and he'd been talking about going here for a while. Knowing that they had a pretty good drink selection, I decided to take him.The place is smack in the middle of Downtown/Old Town Scottsdale, so be sure to arrive a bit early and be able to walk a little ways, because they don't have their own private lot (it's all street parking). Anyhow, the outside is very plain and simple- like an actual Spanish missionary-type building. Despite the simplicity to the exterior, the interior is so much more lavish. So much up-scale decor and style, I was blow away! Anyhow, we sat down and had the most pleasant and nice waitress that we've had in a while at any dining experience. She had short blonde hair and was extremely knowledgeable about the menu and seemed to genuinely care. She took our drink orders and was so nice about it being my boyfriends birthday! After checking ID, she brought us the blood orange margarita and the watermelon mojito. According to the boyfriend, both drinks were really good and really strong-- I guess that's a good thing considering the drinks are pretty pricey- $12-14 a piece. Anyhow, when she came back we ordered the tableside guacamole to start. Awesome concept, you get you add in exactly what you want, you get to determine how spicy you want it (we got the hot version) and you get to watch it being made! Aside from the interesting concept, the guacamole itself was SO good. I really haven't had fresh guac like that ever. The only downside is that the portion is a tad small for $12. Our waitress came back in a timely fashion, and took the time to explain the menu in detail to us. We ended up ordering the barbacoa tacos and the crispy rock shrimp tacos. The wait for the food was short, and when they came out I was amazed. I have NEVER, EVER, EVER eaten a taco that mind-bogglingly delicious. How it works for the tacos is you get three tiny little housemade tortillas that come with heaps of meat or shrimp or whatever you decide on top- kind of like an open-faced sandwich concept. Anyhow, the rock shrimp were my favorite. The shrimp were cooked to crispy perfection, but not overly-battered. The shrimp tasted fresh and juicy, and the cabbage and such that came with it was delicious as well. Make sure to squeeze some fresh lime on top for an extra kick! My boyfriend ordered the barbacoa tacos, and they were honestly amazing as well. I've really never eaten meat that tender in my life. It was super flavorful and melt in your mouth delicious! Once we finished, we waited a bit for our plates to get cleared, but to our surprise our waitress brought us a sparkler with a complimentary dessert for my boyfriends birthday. The dessert was a warm pumpkin bread pudding with a scoop of ice cream, and gosh was it delicious. I would most definitely recommend it. The service got pretty slow toward the end of our meal, but honestly it didn't really deter too much from the great food. The bill came- around $80, but I was so willing to pay the price for a great meal and good service (FINALLY)! Would most definitely recommend to anyone looking to try something out of the box!
5	Whoa! I was so happy when I was taken here while in Scottsdale.  This food is great and seeing as we don't have the best Mexican food where I'm at this was perfect.  There was quite a few of us that were here - total of about 8 people and we were seated quickly.  I heard this place is really popular so calling ahead is suggested.  I started off with the drink menu and I got a variety of drinks, honestly, I forgot what I drank prior to the tequila that we got.  Anyways, I was told that I had to get the guac both spicy and mild so we ordered them both.  The spicey had a nice kick to it and it was delicious.  It was so good that I was craving for more.  It was a little insane to have such a guac crave after lots of drinks but it was the best guac I've had thus far.  We ordered so many appetizers I think we cleared the entire menu and then went straight for the tacos.  There were so many of us that we just ordered a variety of tacos and they were amazing.  At the end we were so stuffed I wasn't sure i would be able to go out dancing again but needless to say the Mission hit the spot!  You can't miss this if you're in town.  I'm planning my next vacay to Arizona and we are definitely going to be going here and then hit up the nightlife.  Awesome spot and could really be dangerous if you came for a happy hour -- 6pm will turn into 12am very quickly!
5	We came up to visit a group of friends for lunch after dropping our son at the University of Arizona in Tucson.  They had selected this place based on reviews and word of mouth but nobody in our party had been.  They will be frequent guests now and we will be wishing we were coming to Scottsdale more often.  Our waiter was fabulous - very knowledgeable; chips were never left empty, guacamole was something I will dream about; meals were just amazing (I had the pork tacos and they were the best ever); the pumpkin bread pudding was the lightest most mouth watering dessert I have had in a long time; atmosphere was impressive.  I would highly, highly recommend.  we are in awe!
5	Our dinner at Mission closed our trip to Phoenix on a truly wonderful meal, and meeting. My husband and I were privy to a charming conversation with the manager whose passion for food and drink make it clear why Mission is so enjoyable. San Francisco has spoiled us with amazing food choices, which makes it difficult to enjoy dining when traveling. Mission is a gem! The food, drinks, and ambience are sublime. Rarely have we read menus that made it hard to order - the drink and food choices really make you wish for more stomach space. Every bite and sip was so enjoyable. This meal might just have ruined our tastebuds for our hometown food.
5	Had dinner here while on a recent vacation. I absolutely loved this restaurant. The spanish mission style is so beautiful and pleasing to my spanish style loving eye. They've created a lovely environment. The owner is very nice, staff was as well but I have to say that the Chef is clearly trying too hard with the menu. The dishes are over thought and pretentious. I think that the food should be uncomplicated. I'm not suggesting they do standard Mexican fare, rather that they keep a dish's integrity. They put things toghether on a plate that do not make sense to the palate. I think they need to do the regional foods of Mexico and elevate those dishes instead of doing a "Latin inspired"  menu with no cohesion. Having said that, I found that the sides were the stars of the menu... the popcorn grits were out of this world , as was the guacamole.  Overall I would highly recommend this restaurant, however I would caution one to pay attention to ingredients and stick with simpler dishes.
5	The Mission is wham, bam, thank you ma'am.  I absolutely love this place.  It's perfect SW food and even more so for the spicy food lover.  When you go for dinner, make sure you get there a little bit early and imbibe in a couple of drinks from their very experienced and knowledgable bartenders.  Yes, they can even make you an Avocado Margarita.  Sounds gross doesn't it?  Give it a try. A couple of must-try's on the appetizer menu include the Street Corn (it's a bit sweet but very flavorful) and the Lamb Ribs, which is one of the tastiest things you will ever eat.  The entree menu is filled with several excellent choices- my two favorites are the Chilean Salmon and the Chorizo Pork Shoulder.  Both are melt-in-your-mouth amazing.  Make sure you add the poblano grits for a side.  As for dessert, well I'm usually back at the bar drinking mine.
5	Killer dining. Just awesome. We had the Duck Carnitas Empanada, the Braised Shortrib, and the Chorizo Porchetta. Wow. Also, absolutely stellar service by a gentleman whose name I cannot recall, but who wears glasses, has short black hair, and manages part time. This is such a great restaurant, so glad they are doing well. There are a lot of substandard Mexican/Latin restaurants in the Phoenix area. But The Mission is so good.  Highly recommend.
5	Love this place! We visit Scottsdale every year and this is one of our must go places. Our favs are the table side guacamole, chicken tostadas, tacos, and for dessert, the espresso churros. :)
4	I tried The Mission this past weekend while in town for a bachelorette party. Great place for a party, very accommodating of our large party. We started out with the skinny margaritas (delish, not too sweet) and guacamole. The guac was good but I've had better. However, I'm also from San Antonio and could live on Mexican food. We also ordered the duck empanadas which were out of this world; rich, with great texture and flavor. I had the steak tacos as my main dish which were good but not outstanding. I'm wishing I had conned someone in my party to split the pork shoulder tacos with me. We ended with the pumpkin bread pudding which was just as good as everyone says. Great vibe and decor although the lighting was so dim it caused eye strain and dried out my contacts.
3	A coworker and I tried out The Mission while in town for business. We had been to Scottsdale before and tried more than a few good Mexican joints, but as The Mission had the highest ratings on yelp, we knew it was a must-try while we were in town. Overall, the ambiance was steller. The restaurant was designed and decorated to look like a mission and had great patio dining with awesome lighting and candles everywhere. it is in a nice part of town with great shopping as well so great area to walk around in before or after dinner.After sitting down, we started our meal with margaritas and house-made guacamole. My coworker had the guacamole margarita and said it was outstanding. I ordered the primarita which the waiter said was the house specialty and rated the best margarita in scottsdale. While it was definitely good I didn't find it all that different from other margaritas I have had in town and really didn't find it worth the $12 price tag. Our waiter made the guacamole right at the table and my coworker (as you can tell, a guac enthusiast) said it was awesome as well, but I (again) didn't find it all that unique.My coworker ordered the halibut and I ordered the Duck Confit as our main appetizers. We were a bit confused as the restaurant markets itself online as a latin american restaurant, however when we arrived our waiter described the food as more of a latin american/french fusion. While the halibut and duck were very good, we found the plates to be overly complicated and the flavor profiles to be very confusing. Even though all the dishes sounded very tasty, the execution didn't really come through and the overall experience of the dish was very muddled.Overall, The Mission is a great restaurant but I would aim to come here more for drinks and appetizers rather than a full meal. I dont really feel the food lives up to the price point.
5	This place for real has the best service I've ever had at any restaurant. When a restaurant has perfect service, it really adds to the whole overall experience. Everyone is so personable (and being at a fancy restaurant in Scottsdale, it's really hard to find a place where the staff is both friendly and respectful). The food here is excellent; the scallop tacos and Alaskan Halibut are some of my favorites along with the pumpkin bread pudding. Would give it 10 stars if I could!
4	GHOST peps!Fantastic Mexican food in olds owns Scottsdale. The restaurant has a traditional Spanish styled decor. The outside looks like a Spanish mission.Appetizer: Guacamole- The guacamole is out of the world. This is a must try with the chips. The waiter brought us some ghost pep salsa which was definitely hot!Food: Chorizo Porquetta- 12 hour pork shoulder served with chorizo and sweet garlic. Savory moist and perfectly cooked.Service: The waiter was enthusiastic but it was hard to order near the end of dinner.Overall, this is a delicious restaurant to try in Scottsdale.
5	My absolute favorite place for fusion Mexican food. The pairings are definitely a spin on the palette. The combination of unique flavors on one plate is definitely a must see if you're in the area. The drinks are also a great combination but not at 'unique' as the plates. The atmosphere is dark but the servers are knowledgable of the menu and attentive to your needs. The outside patios on a good day are definitely a must.
4	Yes.  The guac is fresh made table side.  The chips are really ho hum and cold.  The prk shoulder tacos are excellent.  The pumpkin pudding is unique and, if one has room , definitely worth getting.  We have a service dog and this was the only restaurant that didn't offer him a drink in all of Scottsdale.
5	Definitely a 5 star restaurant! Hubby and I were here today for a late lunch/early dinner date. Very unassuming from the outside but wow, it's amazing on the inside. A bit dark until your eyes adjust but it's a beautiful setting. Perfect for anything. We sat at the community table in the bar and even at 2pm on a Sunday it was still fairly busy. Server Angeline was very attentive and made good recommendations. Honestly I don't think you can go wrong with anything in this place. The street tacos are small but extremely flavorful and filling. I had the pork and hubby had the shrimp. Table side guacamole is a must and I don't think I've had better salsa anywhere in the Valley. This is a definite return for me!
5	Very good Mexican food!!!I love the place -   Have been there several times and never gotten disappointed.  Important to make reservation even if it's a week day because after 7pm is packed daily.  High quality Mexican food.  Excellent tequilas - most try the mission margarita and the table side guacamole while browse the menu. If you go to Scottsdale must go to the mission a bit pricey but worthy.
5	I'm not sure how anyone can give this place less than a 5+. Service is top-notch and gracious as can be. They are busy here folks but you won't know it as you are seated and treated to their very best. Margaritas are pure and simple - try the 1/2 calorie Primarita Margarita or the smoky Smokehouse margarita. Both are clear winners. The tableside guacamole is chunky and spiced to your liking, and filled with flavor. You'll see that little silver cup and think it's not enough for your table, but it truly is. And the chips are divine as well. Our party of five enjoyed the tecate skirt tacos, scallop tacos, fresh halibut, butternut squash tacos, and pork shoulder. The steak tacos were the best we've ever had - our number one fave of the evening. Everything else was uber-tasty too. Dessert was a pumpkin bread pudding that was out of this world. I can't wait to go back!!!
4	The food, drinks and service were awesome. And this would have been a 5 star review had they not taken for-e-v-e-r in bringing us our food. But we did get a free dessert for the long wait. We really enjoyed the grilled street corn and the pumpkin bread pudding was to die for! Also, their french pressed coffee is so, so good. Great decor and ambiance too. We will definitely be back when we visit Scottsdale.
4	What I Ate- chips and guacamole- grilled street corn- pork shoulder tacos (pineapple glaze and cilantro)- pumpkin bread puddingWould I Go Again?Two items highlighted my experience at The Mission: chips and guac, and pumpkin bread pudding.Chips and GuacamoleTo begin, they bring out a big rolling cart and make the guacamole right in front of your table.  I watched him open up the avocado and add pine nuts, cilantro, etc., and then he mashed it all together.  When I took my first bite, then I quickly realized I should have taken a video of making the guac.  It was amazing, and now I have no idea how to recreate it.  (I'm sure I couldn't anyway, but it's fun to think about.)  The all-important consistency was on point.  It was not chunky, but there were still enough chunks of avocado to remind you that the guac was homemade rather as opposed to the creamy, Cool Whip-like texture of guac from a mix.  The guac was awesome--the pine nuts, cilantro, and other juices and spices were perfect.Pumpkin BreadI'm not a pumpkin bread connoisseur by any stretch, but I would confidently challenge any other restaurant's pumpkin bread pudding to hang with The Mission's.  The baked edges, caramel sauce, and ice crea made me yearn for more.  If only I hadn't filled up on the chips and guac!  Sometimes the toughest choices in life are between two good things, right?The rest of the meal was just sub-par.  The Mission is supposedly famous for its pork shoulder tacos, but I thought they were bland and dry.  The grilled street corn was very good but I can't imagine ever getting too fired up about corn.  Simply put, I would highly recommend The Mission to anyone living or staying in the Scottsdale area, and I would especially recommend the chips and guac and pumpkin bread pudding.
5	First and only time I had been to The Mission was for drinks at a social mixer before the group headed to another venue for dinner -- that was back in 2009. When two of my closest Chicas suggested we head here for Happy Hour, I was excited!I was seated at the Bar and enjoyed an Iced Tea before the girls arrived. As soon as they arrived, we were seated. We were in good hands with Kristin, our Server. Appetizers were delish! I loved their Spicy Chicken Wings! Chicken Tacos were perfect! This would be ideal to bring my Partner for a nice dinner -- he would love this place.Good friends, fabulous conversation & great food & service...Five Stars, Baby!!!CHEERS***
5	Extra double yum.  The cucumber jalepeno margarita is outstanding.  My food was absolutely delicious and I can't wait to go back.  Service was fantastic and the place has great ambiance.
4	Grabbed lunch with a friend on a Saturday.  The margaritas and guac were both perfect.  Our server was on top of us when we first came in but then disappeared.  Anyways, my friend got the steak tacos and I got the green chilaquiles (vegetarian).  OMG the best chilaquiles I've ever had, seriously.  WOW.  Best meal of my weekend in Scottsdale.  Just wish the service would have been a tiny bit faster but the server was very sweet and apologetic.
5	The food and drinks here are amazing. I had the mango and jicama salad to start with and the steak tacos for lunch.  The primarita margarita was delicious too. The tortillas are fantastic as was the beef.  I want to come back on my next trip out to Arizona, this place was wonderful and so was the service. Loved the hostess that is a student at ASU, she is lovely.... great place!!!
5	What can I say...This place has it all! From the ambiance, service, food, and drinks! They serve up the BEST guacamole table side as you choose what you would like put in it and how spicy you would like it. The Pork Belly Pibil is a signature dish that many of my friends have recommended and is the Grilled Street Corn (One of my favorites!) and Green Chile Duck Confit. If you like dessert you def have to try the pumpkin cake with vanilla ice cream! I sometimes go here just for that!
5	Excellent ambiance. Excellent service. Food was all above expectations. Drinks were perfect. Portions and price were on point. Very dark outside to the point you can't read the menu, but that's what the iPhone flashlight is for! I will go back because I literally want to try the entire menu.
1	This place is over rated, over priced, the service is good.  Be prepared for avg. guacamole, over glorified made from scratch food not worth the $.  Will not be back.  And advise folks to be aware of this over rated place.
4	Don't know why I didn't come here when I actually lived in Scottsdale but finally got a chance to check it out when I came the other weekend. I love the ambiance and how they have two patios. The food is also really good! I had a torte and tried a bunch of other dishes that my friends got. They have a really cool pork taco bar on Sundays with all you can eat tacos for only $14! The chips and salsa were also really good. We had a pretty big group and a couple people helping us and the entire staff was super friendly!
1	Are you frickin kidding me?  Have a reservation for 9 and they keep us waiting half an hour.  Go to the bar and order 2 margaritas with salt on the rocks - cost? $30.  Ask for an IPA and they bring me a clone of Stella Artois for $14. (And not a good clone at that).  Overpriced, overrated and just OK food.  Save the money, the time, and your effort - go somewhere else. And then we got the food... No problem paying big money for food... But hey - that sucked too.  Just about every Bistec taco from a taco wagon has been better.  Am I bitter?  Heck yeah. Am I wrong? Ummm no.
3	I went here with my mother and wife for a birthday dinner celebration.  The reservation was for 8:45 pm. We were seated promptly, in the inside eating area. The atmosphere is very dark, which is great, but made reading the menu slightly difficult. The waiter was very attentive. Drinks and food were good. Price was high, but that was expected going in. Biggest issue: noise. It was sooo loud that we were practically yelling to have a conversation. The noise (just from other guests talking) even continued to be extraordinarily loud after 50% of the guests had left for the evening. I think the building could seriously benefit from some acoustic barriers.
4	Delicious.
4	A perfect night to enjoy outdoor seating with impeccable service. I will preface the rest of my review by saying that our Yelp commandos set up a dinner for the Community Managers in town for Regional Week. Our menu was preset so I'm not aware of the costs.The weather in Arizona right now is perfect for outdoor eating, so take advantage of it while the gettin' is good. The Mission's outdoor area accommodated around 4-6 tables of our group of over 20 plus as well as other guests not with our party. There was a fire burning in the hearth, probably perfect for when the nights become a little chillier. The owner greeted us by presenting us with a shot of Tequila apparently made by George Clooney (hello!?) and instead of a lime and salt, there was an orange with brown sugar. This is what they call, "mission style." Tequila is my enemy, but I sipped the shot and it was very smooth. I mostly ate the orange slice that I assume if I liked tequila would be a great innovative way to shoot it!While most of our group opted for margs, I went rogue and ordered the red Sangria (though they have white as well) and it was perfect to pair with their chipotle salsa. Though I'm more of a pico de gallo/limey salsa girl, this one wasn't overly smokey. I have to say their table side guacamole was one of the best I've had. I love me some fresh guac, and if I could've had it for myself or had them make a bath tub of it, that would've rocked my world. The first menu item was a petite pork app. Two of our table guests didn't eat pork, and our waiter, Tony, and the owner quickly brought them out other options. The app was a great crunchy texture and various levels of flavor. This was followed by a shaved kale salad. I am a sauce/dressing junkie, so I could've had more of the dressing, but I understand what they were going for. Then we were presented with three adorable tacos; one pork, one steak and one chicken. The steak was Tecate Skirt Steak, and if you know me you know I love me some Tecate, so that was definitely my favorite with the pork being very similar to the app and the chicken one, probably coming in second place. I would most definitely go back for another round of the steak tacos. The service, again, was amazing. They would replace forks on a dime, ask about refills before you took your last couple of sips and they put napkins under our purses that we put on the ground. Something I have never seen, but consider immensely thoughtful. I would definitely consider coming back to the Mission for a more upscale Mexican dining experience, especially when the weather is perfect like this. Absolutely perfect for a big group!
4	Where to start?...Tequilla! This place has a great selection of tequila to accompany their very original culinary creations. I say go for the cola pork! Yum! If you're not in the mood for Scottsdale tacos, try Barrio Cafe in midtown/downtown. They have tableside guacamole!
5	Overall, this was a fantastic experience, and I want to go again whenever I am back in town.We had a three-course meal, and every course was fantastic. I had a watermelon basil mojito, and it was just sweet enough for my tastes and was smooth and delicious. The first course was a pork belly lettuce wrap. I liked the crispiness of the pork belly and how you get an overall nice flavor. We next had a kale salad. I loved this salad. It had a great dressing with a kick to it. I am not sure what all went into it, though I will have it when I make it back to The Mission.For our final course, we had three different types of tacos. The beef tacos were delicious. The chicken tacos were very tender. I think the pork tacos were likely my favorite -- they were juicy and tender. I was surprised by how tiny the tortillas were -- that wasn't a negative, just unexpected.
5	Absolutely the best food, service and presentation I have ever experienced!   I live on the East Coast, travel weekly and experienced many restaurants across this country.  The Mission tops them all in every way.   Hope to return to Phoenix very soon.
4	A modern take on traditional Latin cuisine, the Mission is a perfect option to try something a little different while in Scottsdale. From start to finish I was impressed. Our group enjoyed a 3-course meal which included a sweet, savory and crunchy pork belly lettuce wrap. It was heavenly. Second came the kale salad. I wasn't too much of a fan, but it seemed to pretty popular with my dining companions. It's probably a matter of preference as it was accompanied with a unique tangy dressing. Lastly, we had various tacos. Sounds simple, but they were a far cry from your typical tacos. Seasoned, juicy and garnished with toppings the chicken, beef and pork were anything but ordinary. On top of great food, the ambiance is reason enough to drop by. Apparently Autumn in Arizona means pretty much perfect weather. Their gorgeous patio is a large, romantic dining option that added that much more to our overall experience.
1	Warning even though yelp says Mission closes at 11PM on Thursday the kitchen closes at 10PM.
4	Well, if you truly eat with your eyes, then you're not going to be happy at The Mission. Got there at 4:30p and was told the dinner menu wasn't available til 5p (wish I had been told that when I made the reservation). So we order drinks and tableside guacamole and chips. I had the Primrita which was a good start. At 5p, we ordered dinner. I ordered the Green Chile Duck Confit and hubby ordered the Flat Iron Steak Tacos. He really liked his tacos; meat was tender and flavorful. My dish was over salted to the point that I almost couldn't finish it (even the tequila didn't help to cleanse my palate). I didn't detect the green chili, but my biggest complaint is, I couldn't see what I was eating. It was SO dark, you couldn't see what was on your plate. Good thing I carry a mini flashlight in my purse. It came in very handy for flashing my plate to see what I was eating and what was left. Our server left her little light so we could read the dessert menu, but we passed.  All and all, the service was good, and the offerings were good, just too heavy on the salt.
2	Decor was nice, service was fine, but all in all, just a meh experience. Flavors were not terribly dynamic, the heat was negligible, the portions were scant, and the check average unjustified. This to me was not "fancy" or "high-end" or even "innovative" Mexican fair...just plain ole' expensive Mexican Food stripped of its soul.Personally I prefer to pay for the product, not the geographical location, but if you're the type of person to pay for ambiance and are interested in helping them pay for whats surly an exorbitant rent, have at it.
4	It's been awhile since I last wrote a review for the mission but my love still remains. My two favorite things about the mission are their fresh guacamole and the patio atmosphere. The entire restaurant has this charming old world feel to it and the food and drinks flow with it.
4	Brunch was fantastic! Our last minute decision to try The Mission was not a bad one at all. The chicken and waffles was satisfying, surprising, and flavorful. Margaritas are fresh and light - made me miss the ocean breeze of the Riviera Maya! Service was attentive and prompt.
4	first time, have to return.  met friends for lunch on the back patio - great setting, very attentive service.  understand that the chef is French or French trained so the menu has an upscale unanticipated flair to lunch dishes that initially sound Mexican.  tableside guacamole was very good, salsa was good also.  chicken tacos were tasty and both friends liked their entrees - torta and more tacos with beef.  will definitely return for either lunch or dinner...looked like a nice selection of tequilas.
4	We were visiting from Atlanta recently and decided to try The Mission for our last night in Phoenix. So glad we did! We sat outside under a beautiful sky and perfect weather! We started out with one of their wonderful margaritas and of course, the tableside-made guacamole! For dinner, we had the Chorizo Porchetta. It was so tender and flavorful. The Mission fries were also excellent. The atmosphere was very romantic and our waitress was very attentive. We would definitely go back!
5	I was lucky enough to get to eat here during a quick trip to Scottsdale for work last month. Side note: I think everyone should get to take a work trip to Scottsdale sometime. It seems like the best city in the country for a work trip! The Mission had two private tables set up on the outdoor patio. The outdoor fireplace was a big hit with our crowd. We started with wonderful chips and delicious, fresh guacamole. I truly could have sat there and eaten nothing but guacamole all night and been happy as a clam, but they just kept bringing out delicious food. We had a Taco Tuesday menu that consisted of several different tacos. The beef was my favorite, because I loved the cut of the meat (skirt) and the flavor of the seasonings. I also got to try the chicken and the pork shoulder tacos, but the steak stood out to me. The margaritas were plentiful and so delicious. They just kept coming, and we kept drinking them. I think some other people ordered specialty cocktails, but I'll always have the margarita when dining Mexican, especially at a such a renowned place as the Mission.I will definitely come back here next time I'm in Scottsdale, which I hope is sometime very soon.
5	This is my favorite place in AZ, a must stop every time I am in town!I always order the same thing: table side guac, blood orange margarita, and the mahi-mahi tacos. Soooo GOOD!
4	Great place for drinks and dinner. One of my favorite places in Scottsdale.   Good ambiance, good mix of people and food.The pork belly lettuce cups are the best thing they serve and the Jidori chicken is really good. Reservations one week out, same owner as zinc and the house.
4	The Mission boasts a super charming old world vibe with it's ornate interior and a fabulous patio with a fireplace, which I got to enjoy on a dinner outing with fellow co-workers. We weren't your typical 6-8 top, rather 20 plus! We took over a good portion of the patio and several tables, but it was still intimate and cozy. Our prefix menu included pork belly lettuce cups, kale salad and tacos (beef, pork and chicken). The lettuce cups were a nice way to start off the meal. The salad was good, but my serving was heavy on the cheese (cream cheese? or a super mild goat), while I love love Kale, I was distracted by the clumps of cheese on my plate. The tacos delivered on flavor, yet were teeny tiny! My favorite was the beef. I found the pork a little sweet for my taste, but all were flavorful as can be! We had what seemed to be bottomless chips, salsa, guacamole and delicious margaritas! I can't fail to mention the shot of tequila with a cinnamon rim and a slice of orange. What a pairing! Something I'd never had before. I love tequila and I loved that shot. The servers made sure to keep the food and drinks flowing all evening. All in all it was a fine time and a fun meal.
4	I expected the other people in my party to be raving about the eats and drinks we devoured. Apparently, however, our server was the most appetizing element of the entire evening, because that's all they talked about. I'll admit, even I took a second glance at the clean-shaven stud that took especially careful care of the ladies... and gents, in our group. Dude delivered the goods in style. But, gee, I must've been the only one who was thinking about the meat inside the folds of those tacos after we left. Seriously flavorful delights, folks. Dine on the swine, for sure, it simply knocks the other land-based meats, chicken and steak, out of the water. This goes for the domestic style corn wraps and the crunchy lettuce wraps, equally. Artistically rendered and inspired plates abound at the Mission. And I'll drop a big thumbs up for the kale salad, I thought it was fabulous; this admission surely wins me Metrosexual points, yes? Finally, the drinks. As a general rule, the further you wander from the familiar path, here, the better. While everyone was quite comforted by the house specialty margarita (and it was tasty), I found much more complexity and delight in the unusual options on the menu. Top it all off with a sitting on the lovely patio, and your Mission, should you choose to accept it, is impeccable.
5	One of the best places to go in Scottsdale. Absolutely perfect. Service, food, drinks... Everything. Don't miss this one. Price is probably on the upper end but not bad. I recommend this place to everyone.
5	You know those people who are all "oh THIS isn't real Mexican food" -- yeah. I'm one of those. Usually in my head of course, but still. That's why I'm always wary of Mexican food in other places - even in AZ, which has a legit stake in the purveyance of delicious Mexican.The Mission then was a fabulous adventure whereby I immediately regretted my restricting belt and longed for the welcome spandex comfort of something a little less buckled. We had delicious guac, excellent sangria, a spicy kale salad that will inspire home dinners to come, the only pork belly I've probably ever liked, incredible bistek and pork and lettuce wraps. It's my personal mission to get back to the Mission as soon as I can.
4	We enjoyed our outdoor patio meal so much two weeks ago we decided to return for more of the same last night. Unfortunately, the weather wasn't as cooperative second time around but the meal and service didn't fail to live up to prior expectations. Things are a bit more crowded and noisy in the restaurant than out (and even though we'd dined inside once before a couple of years ago, we hadn't realized there's an additional patio area to the rear of the establishment) so in order to have conversation with our friends we did have to raise our speaking voices a good deal to be heard over the volume of the large size bar and Friday night crowd but seemed to quickly adjust. Our server appeared quickly, gave us a warm welcome and reviewed our options, including The Mission's signature drinks and table side guacamole.  As an aside - two weeks ago we decided upon medium spiciness but it packed a punch; this time we scaled back to mild and it was perfect for a delicate palate. Server was very attentive to providing more chips as soon as we made our way through the dip. My husband knew he wanted to save room for dessert so ordered steak tacos which were limited to about three small but favorable slightly-bigger than bite size tacos; I selected my favorite: jhidori chicken; tender, succulent chicken slices spread over rice  with two flavorful sauces. Desert was their flavorful churros and one serving was actually enough to be shared four ways. Parking can be challenging in Old Towne but it's worth a little extra walk to go the distance for a gastronomic experience at The Mission.
4	I think I could have enjoyed my experience more here if I did not make an ordering mistake.   So overall I say 3.5 stars for my experience, but i can certainly see a 4 and 5 star review for this place.  The table side guacamole was incredible...some of the best I've had.   I would say its a must-get every time you go.   Instead of ordering an entree I ordered two appetizers for my dinner.  The reason I did this is because I had these two apps suggested to me by several people - the pork belly pibil and the crispy cola pork.  As you can see, thats a lot of pork belly.  I ate the crispy cola pork first, and it was very tasty.  It was quite sweet from the cola, but it was a nice app.  I probably only ate 1/3 of the pork belly pibil, but like i said, I think i was just overwhelmed with pork belly.  It was a pretty big block of pork too, maybe enough for a meal in itself.  It was tasty as well, but certainly more fatty than its crispy counterpart. You can take my review for what its worth.  I'd say everything I got was worth getting again, but maybe just not all together.
5	Great food. Very creative and unique combinations of flavors.  Great selection of tequila as well.
4	Service is always solid. Above and beyond. Food has occasionally been a bit salty... Love the fresh squeezed juice from bar for cocktails.
5	Took my parents to dinner Saturday and it was outstanding. I ordered the duck and it tasted like angels cooked it in heaven. Margarita was clean and delicious and not too sweet. Guac was extra tasty because it had toasted pumpkin seeds. I can't wait to go back. Get a seat inside because it is chilly this time of year.
5	I just had one of the best meals ever.  I cannot comment on the entire menu but the chorizo stuffed pork shoulder is so good!  My friend sitting across from me said that he's never seen anyone happier.  Great place with atmosphere. Try it, you won't be disappointed.
5	We went to The Mission to celebrate some news that my boyfriend had, and it was an EXCELLENT choice might I add (on both the news, and the restaurant). Due to us arriving a little later in the night, just before closing, the service was still prompt with great suggestions....As we both have never been to the The Mission, we entrusted him to select multiple items for us, and each dish came out perfectly, and savory.The service was excellent with great customer service and quality. The ambiance was gorgeous and classy. I loved the layout, as well as the dimming of lights, architecture, and design of the environment. It's a great date place to go. Very romantic and classy. Although it is classy, you do not have to dress up. You can still go very much in casual nice attire. Great recommendation!
4	I was here shopping in Scottsdale's Old Town just around lunch time. I got hungry so I checked the best place for lunch in the area on Yelp and found The Mission, was highly rated. It was across the street from where I was standing so we headed that way.When we arrived we were able to get a table in the outside courtyard in the front of the restaurant. We informed the waiter we had very little time for lunch. The three of us ordered margaritas with salt at $8 each. They charged an extra $2 for one with Cointreu. We ordered two Almejas Al Vapor stews for $14 each and one shaved Kale salad for only $10. The shaved kale salad consisted of aji amarillo vinaigrette, baby heirlooms, blood orange, goat cheese & marcona almonds. My friend loves kale. The Almejas Al Vapor is a peruvian clam stew, rock shrimp, chorizo, pan de yucca, aji amarillo & roasted corn. I especially enjoyed the unusual appearance and spice of the stew. See my pic. The stew made me want to go to Peru for some more. I have never been to Peru. The waiter was very expeditious in serving us.My total bill for the three of us for lunch was a very reasonable $69 without gratuities and we were all happy with our meals, margaritas and service.
4	They have a fun and interesting take on Latin American food. Their tableside made guacamole really is some of the best we have had. It's simple ingredients done well. Served with house made chips that are really a step above regular restuarant chips. They are cooked fresh and topped with a nice finishing salt which takes them up a notch.The pork is their specialty slow cooked for 24 hours and served with pineapple habanero sauce. The pork tacos are great. We will definitely be back.
5	From the moment we stepped in, our experience was outstanding. Reservation confirmed via phone, promptly seated, and perfect lighting in a historic building. Our server was well spoken and very knowledgeable, but most of all he was attentive. The food was among the best upscale Latin cuisine I've encountered. It's an insult to call this a Mexican restaurant, because people will go in expecting Spanish rice and chimichangas. Instead, you have the pleasure of dining on pork confit with cilantro inside a fresh tortilla warmed on a salt block at your table. Just a wonderful experience from top to bottom.  Bravo!
5	Awesome food. The duck is excellent the pork shoulder tacos were really great as well. Be sure save room for the pumpkin bread pudding.
5	Good thing the meal was good and the waitress was personable and helpful, because the hostess staff was clueless. They were about to seat us outside, and I said we want to eat inside, and they said, well, we confirmed with a confirmation phone call that you were seated outside. I said, I received a confirmation call, but no one said anything about our seating arrangements. They said to give them a minute, and they did end up seating us inside.  It wasn't a big deal from what I could tell, but they made it their drama. Ok, so the real review... Yes, Yes, YES! The pozole soup was delicious. My husband had the duck empanada, which was too big to be an appetizer - tasty, but too much food. My meal was scallops perfectly prepared and pleasingly presented. My husband had the pork shoulder - tender and well seasoned. The white bean puree that came with the pork was really a treat.  We were too full for dessert, but the mojitos during our meal made up for the absence. Our waitress helped make our mea fun and pleasant - she knew the menu, could answer our questions and made good suggestions.
4	Food was delicious, service was fine. We will be back.
4	Short Version: French-Mexican. Same guys from Zinc Bistro. Hip and trendy if not a little too "hoity-toity" depending on the people working. Get the Pork Shoulder Tacos and start with the Guacamole. On the expensive side for Mexican food, but it's worth it and more than just typical.Long Version: This place is always a safe bet and it's one of my go-to places when people ask me for recommendations. This is how you make Mexican food unique. The food served always exudes freshness and unique culinary expertise. The must-have for us are the Pork Shoulder Tacos which are perfectly tender and juicy, The Tableside Guacamole which has the perfect kick and zest, and the White Bean Puree which has the perfect texture and flavor.Now on to the service. We've been here probably 12 times total and always had great service but the last time I went, the service left something to be desired. I came with one of my best friends who is well connected in the restaurant scene and if it wasn't for him, we would've left. We got there on a Sunday night off-peak time with visible empty tables and were told it would be a 45 minute wait. I understand this can happen when they're holding tables for reservations, but one hostess in particular was very smug and snooty about the whole thing. Just as we decided we'd go somewhere else, my buddy saw his friend working and talked to him about getting us in. He happily obliged and got us a table within 10 minutes and continued to take very good care of us throughout the night. Perhaps this is a normal rule in the restaurant OR the hostess was just upset we bypassed her smug attitude and got in anyways, but when I asked her for an extra menu she curtly told me that she didn't have any and told me I have to take my hat off. So, just a bit of warning, even though we're in Arizona where flip flops are pretty much excepted everywhere, don't wear a hat to this restaurant even though it's also a Mexican restaurant, but it IS a higher-end one so there's that. Also, don't ask that hostess for a menu. She's incapable of keeping track of the one thing she's responsible for; menus. Good to have friends with connections though!
4	Very pretty and trendy restaurant. Some food was great, some was good. Definitely nothing life changing about this food but overall enjoyable. Service a bit on the slow side. Solid drinks.
4	The Mission is a great all around restaurant with great decor and really great food. Of course the Guacamole is incredible and everything else was tasty, though the portions are on the smaller side, it's worth the experience to go there.. The  real stand out for me was our waiter, JAMAR!! What a great worker and kind spirit. He really made our 2 hour dinning experience worth the restaurant. If you eat at the Mission ask to be seated at Jamar's section, he knows the menu well and gave us great recommendations and if I owned a restaurant I would love to have him on board helping the ship. Yummy food, even better service! Go Jamar!
4	The short story: Excellent ambiance: Very old school, dim lighting, chandeliers, dark bar. Lovely Christmas decorations, greenery, black and white feather Christmas tree. Tile floor, lots of cougars. Yea, I don't know why that's relevant, but I thought I would mention it. Drinks - extensive menu. The chipotle pepper margarita was awesome, REALLY spicy. I had the kale and orange salad, which was good, but not as outstanding as all the reviews on this website would lead me to believe. W side of white beans, which were yummy also. My date had the steak tacos, which he thought tasted like salted cardboard. But I didn't try them so can't say. They looked good. Anyhow, I am looking forward to going again but next time will try the guacamole and the squash tacos. Oh and the bread pudding.
1	This place is the reason I signed up for yelp!Wish my first was a positive one.  This place is not cool though.  I have no idea what the food even tastes like here.  I walked in with my wife around 3:30 in the afternoon and there were open tables all over (definitely busier than I would have thought for the time though.) The rude hostess told my wife she would "get to us in ten minutes."  Then I watched three groups of people walk in and get seated after us.  They had no reservation just asked for a seat.  I could see them.  Then I asked the hostess about this issue.  She said "our kitchen is really busy, and we do take some reservations."  What does that have to do with this situation?  I wasn't sure so I left, never getting a chance to eat their food.  You are not better than anyone.  Judging your patrons on the clothes they wear won't get you anywhere.  I would never give my money to a place like this!  If you wondered what I was wearing it was a Michigan tee shirt and some jeans.  I was there for their bowl game.
3	Love the ambiance here.  Grilled street corn and pork belly were delish.  I also liked the cucumber jalapeno margarita.  The chicken tacos were meh.  This place can get very crowded even for a Monday.  The service was extremely slow.  Maybe it was the night we went or the server we had.  Make sure you speak up though.  We waited and waited as the server ignored us until we asked him if we can order.
5	Awesome authentic Latin cuisine. Great tortas. Awesome staff. The tacos are good the table side guacamole  was good. Good atmosphere. The margarita section is great too
4	Great meal and atmosphere!  Had the chorizo porchetta and pumpkin bread pudding.  Salsa and table side guacamole were also really good.  All the food was beautifully presented and the service was excellent.  Only complaint would be that most of the seafood listed on the menu had been changed or wasn't available that evening and no one told us until we ordered it.  They should change that on the menu or have the server tell you before you order.
4	This was our "splurge" dinner while on vacation over the holidays.  We picked The Mission after visiting the sister restaurant (House Brasserie) on the Scottsdale food tour earlier in the week.  The restaurant is beautiful, but the seating is a bit tight.  We enjoyed talking to the couple seated next to us, however, if you're looking for a more private dining experience this might not be the place for you. We started with the guacamole, prepared table side.  It was okay but the salsa was actually much better.  Dinner choices include typical meat/seafood entree dishes or tacos (3 small tacos).  My husband had the Malbec braised short ribs.  It was a very generous portion of meat served on a very minimal portion of a vegetable.  The menu indicated they were "crispy potatoes" but they looked and tasted more like a plantain. The tacos I ordered came as described - three small steak tacos.   As a side dish we had a ridiculously large order of mixed regular and sweet potato fries with two dipping sauces.  We ate less than 1/3 of them, in part because there were just too many and also because they were not as tasty as the rest of the food.  I can't comment on the drinks, but the menu looked interesting.  The service was great.  Our waitress was very nice and helpful.  Our water and ice tea glasses were filled constantly.  Because of the proximity of tables I could not help but overhear the party next to us and their constant questions and demands of our server.  She handled them all politely and as patiently as she possibly could.  Overall, I think this is a very solid choice and we would return to try some other dishes.  The service is outstanding
4	Pork shoulder tacos for two.  Street corn. Duck empanadas. Table side guac is good but not sure it's worth the 12$ as it's a small portion and hello-- so easy to do at home. It's fun to make dinner into a tapas affair with a bunch for the table to share. Portions are small so the bill can get high quickly especially with drinks but it's a cozy and romantic ambiance. I love the fire outside on the patio and the banquette seating inside isn't too terrible either but for a truly special night I'd ask for a booth inside if you can't sit on the patio. I'm not sure how accommodating they are as I've never had any issues but it was a yummy dinner. Service was attentive but invisible which is kind of nice sometimes! No problems except fitting into my jeans the next morning!
5	After living in San Diego for 15 years, I will say that The Mission in Scottsdale has the best Mexican food I've had.  They have a roving guacamole cart...ORDER THE GUACAMOLE!  Someone will mix it up right in front of you, and it is so good that I did not stop eating it, even as the waitress was kindly going over the menu at our request...munch, munch, munch.Please also order the Malbec-braised short rib tacos.  They put one slice of dill pickle in, and coupled with amazing sauce and the meat, your tastebuds will be in absolute Heaven.  Provided you can stop eating the guacamole long enough to enjoy anything else.
5	The food and service was awesome! Short ribs were amazing and the presentation of the food was very classy.
1	Ok. On the advice of a few friends who have been living in Scottsdale for a little while, I decided to take the gf here for her Bday as Mexican is her fav. We're both from Manhattan and are used to getting damn good street tacos and decent Mexican food. So we come here dressed casual chic and apparently the hordes of locals, many of whom I suspect make 30K a year but acted like they make 1 million plus, were dressed in suits and such. Keep in mind, I am in investment banking and my gf is in fashion so when saw this, were were giggling inside. However, this apparently warranted sub-par service as the waitstaff was apparently ignorant and knows not what they do. No surprise here as Scottsdale and most of the area can be accurately described as trailer trash trying really hard to pretend they live in a real city and actually have real jobs. So what we do is what we always do when we try a "hot restaurant" for the first time, we order the one dish that a place like this should never screw up. We ordered tacos. The meat tasted like it was pulled from some frozen TV dinner box, smothered with way too much sauce and overly salted. We decided to end the night right then and there. It was an absolute disgrace. We have had much better tacos at holes in the walls on random streets in NYC. I still don't understand how this place gets such raves and high reviews. Maybe they've never tasted real, authentic Latin/Mexican food before and this is the only thing they have to benchmark against. Such a sad state of affairs, like so many things in AZ.
3	This was recommended to us as a fun evening.  So, we went for a girls night out and in celebration of a birthday.  Our reservation was made for 6:15pm on Friday night -- and it was swamped.  The hostess said she would get us seated within a couple of moments of our arrival, but instead, we were scooted around by another server asking us to wait in a dark lobby area.  We sat there for 20 minutes and no one came to seat us.  Eventually, we inquired as to our reservation and they agreed to seat us (fairly certain they simply forgot all about the 4 of us).  We were seated in the very loud, very crowded bar area and staff and customers continued to bump into our table and chairs the entire evening.  We really hated that.  As for the food -- top notch!  The guac was amazing -- we actually ordered more after finishing off the first serving -- but it never came.  Two of us had the steak tacos and raved about them, one of us had the squash tacos and thought they were ok, and I had the scallop tacos -- which were 66% awesome (one was over-cooked and tasted like sand) the other two were amazing!!!  Because we came for a bday -- we also had dessert -- bananas/pb & the churros.  Both were fantastic -- and we highly recommend indulging in dessert.  Overall, we might consider going back.  The atmosphere and staff were not the best -- but the food is really wonderful!
5	We just happened into this place early on New Year's Eve with our (well behaved) four-year-old while in town for a football game. We were not expecting to even be let in! Luckily, no one cringed and just let us know they'd squeeze us in if we thought we could be done by the next reservation at 7:30, which was no problem and completely understandable. Table side guacamole and pork shoulder tacos were amazing! Highly recommend and really nice people.
5	The best pazole in town! A beautiful and romantic-chic atmosphere, delish guacamole made at your table and a variety of beer, wine and tequila as well as mixed drinks to choose from. Me and my friends love going here!
1	I have been here a dozen times and have sent numerous clients here. This was the worst experience ever and when asked for a manager Brian Adams was very unhelpful. Last time I was here with client he was intoxicated. This will be the last visit and referral. If I could leave zero stars I would.
3	Every time I get the opportunity to eat at place that can remind me of my madreland I'm always a sucker to try it.  Most times I'm not impressed because... See review for all the other Mexican places I have ventured but other times it's a great experience and treat. Meantime I decided to go out with my team and we looked forward to this awesome atmosphere and restaurant located in old town Snobsdale. We made reservations and ended up with Lauren our server for the night.  We ordered appetizers like the Guacamole and the cheese plate.  The guacamole was good but nothing beyond what other local joints can do and I was not impressed with the portion which was very small. The cheese plate was not my favorite.We kept getting pushed to hurry and order and we were still having cocktails and waiting for another member. The server said if there was any chance we can call our friend to order her food because they needed to serve more guest?? What the French! Did we just get checked at a high end restaurant and were told to hurry up?! By the time we got our food I was really annoyed.  Here I am bringing out my team and although I understand you have a busy place, get over yourself and make sure your hostess doesn't seat us if we don't have a party versus making such a classless move.  Foul!The food was okay but my experience just bummed me out.  I talked to the manager, Brian and he said it was a tough balance and hoped we can understand.  We will see whether I would ever do this again.  It's not like I do this every once in a while, I'm out and about all the time.  Boo
5	4.5 stars, but I'm rounding up because it's a good day :)...here's what we grubbed on @ El Mission:*Crispy Pork & Cola Lime Glaze- get it! My favorite thing on the menu*Grilled street corn: bueno, but not quite as good as the street grilled variety in Mexico *Lamb rib appetizer- fatty and not too much meat...but the good bits we're awesome!*Mahi Mahi tacos- decent, but save the fish tacos for another time and place!*Espresso churros & milkshake- a tasty and fun dessert...couldn't taste the espresso, but it was fun to dip those crunchy morsels!Our server was also very knowledgeable - will definitely be returning to the Mission!
4	Great food and drinks! I also love the atmosphere...not always the best service, but worth it for the food and surroundings.
4	Definitely try the guacamole, crispy pork belly, and the margaritas! They make the guacomole right in front of your yable! So delish!
1	No matter how good the food is, how you treat your customers is what really distinguishes a great restaurant.  Tonight we came in to dine and were told all they had was outside seating.  This was not told to us beforehand, and if we had known we would have come another evening, as we don't care for outside seating.  Instead of accommodating us, we were left to take it or leave it.  So we left.  We know the food is very good, as we've been to the restaurant many times before--we live in the area, as opposed to the many patrons who are visitors.  So, MIssion, when the economy tanks again or it's summer and you need the local residents to help you make it, good luck.  Not to say we won't be going there again, but we certainly won't be recommending you to our friends and visitors.  And by the way, Los Sombreros was thrilled to welcome us back and the food is just as good, if not better!
5	We had a reservation at 8 for a group of 7. We showed up a little before 8 and they told us they were just getting out table ready and asked if we could wait. Literally 5 minutes later, a waiter brings by free mini sized margaritas as a thank you for being patient. Already in an awesome mood.The drink menu is extensive, and just about everything is great (I would know because we all swapped drinks and tried each others).Food: you must get the guacamole as a started. But caveat, do not overeat chips or you will be full by the time your entree arrives! I ordered the butternut squash tacos, which were so good. Everyone else got steak or fish and also loved their dish.Great ambiance, great service, nothing but raves about the food and drinks.
5	You've got to get the guacamole & pork shoulder!  Cool atmosphere and great food...we loved this place! Service could've been a bit quicker but the quality of the food made up for it.
3	We came for brunch on Sunday and being it was our first time we made reservations. They were probably not needed at 11am, but it did get a little busier as morning turned to afternoon. We asked to be seated on the patio and the hostess seemed somewhat confused. When she took us outside she tried to seat us right next to the only other table on the patio. We said we would prefer to sit on the other, empty side. The next couple that came in was seated right next to us!The menu looked good, but the brunch section only had about 5 items, not much of a choice. The server was friendly and recommended the huevos rancheros, she asked if we wanted meat, my girlfriend said no as she is a vegetarian. When it came it had pork, but the food runner was quick to correct it.I asked for her recommendation between the red or green chilaquilles and she wholeheartedly said green. Seeing that the green had cilantro and the red didn't , I went green - they were good, but the green was chicken and the red was pork and everyone raves about the pork here, maybe I should have got the red.The talk of the town here is "try the guacamole" and while it wasn't bad, making it tableside wasn't much of a show and one avocado certainly wasn't worth $12. The awkwardness started when the guacamole was finished and plopped on the table, but the chips didn't arrive until a good 5 minutes later. Wasn't sure if I should be eating it with a spoon or not.Mimosas and bloody marys were half off, which was nice, but when I ordered a second one it didn't arrive until well after I was finished eating and then only after a reminder.Maybe it was because we came so soon after they opened and maybe everyone was still hungover from Saturday night, but the hostess, server and cook just weren't on their A game today.
5	Lovely place, this is where we like to take out of town guests for local cuisine. Excellent drinks & ambiance, make a reservation in advance weekends are very busy!
1	Horrible horrible experience. We went to this restaurant specifically due to their allergy friendly menu options and rating. We announced the food allergy and she very clearly understood it when we ordered but the waitress ignored the food allergy, served us food that made one member of our party exceedingly sick, spent the night in the hospital and ruined the entire next day, our only full day in Phoenix! The manager was very nice in person but asked me to follow-up then never returned a call. I just made call number FOUR and neither Bryan Adams nor partial owner Brian Raab have responded! So disappointed. To boot, they billed us for the dinner! HORRIFIC EXPERIENCE.  Lastly, we had reserved a 845 table, were told when we arrived it wouldn't be until 915pm but then they magically got us in 2 minutes after we had drinks in hand from the bar.
5	Favorite place in Old Town Scottsdale. Perfect for groups and dates. I had my birthday brunch their this year with my twin sister and they accommodated us great for a large group of 20. Sunday brunch buffet is the best for the pork tacos, all you can eat for $16. The ghost sauce is amazing but use with caution. Also ask for the baby taster frozen margaritas of the day. Then order them mixed if you like both of them. Best margaritas in town. Be bold don't go with a skinny one here. They are worth the extra calories. Table side guacamole is MUST HAVE!ENJOY!
5	How did I forget this?This place just rocks all the way around. Even with their overpriced drinks and retarded wait times. Just go.Get the Guac and the Porkbelly Oscar the Grouch used to be orange. Jim Henson decided to make him green before the second season of Sesame Street. Did you know that? No. You didn't. This has officially been the most helpful review you have ever read. You're welcome.
1	Jack in the box was a better choice. The Customer Pool Was Deeply Immersed In Trash Talking About the service
1	Service is very hit and miss and when it misses it misses by a mile.  Waitress was not attentive at all.  Felt like we were forgotten.  Food is alright, nothing special.  The Phoenix area has many great Mexican restaurants and this isn't one of them.  Wouldn't come back because of the service.  The food isn't good enough make up for the bad service.
3	The ambiance is great...I'll give it that.Service, however, was full court press, and yeah i understand that they are trying to turn over tables but when I am paying a final tab of $100+ for 3 petite taco plates and 2 cocktails (me and my date) i expect a bit more than food artistry.Frankly, great concept by way of decor...but a bit too pretentious for my taste. Its a place to 'be seen' and to impress someone with but not particularly cozy nor intimate..i.e. if you go for more than dim lighting.I certainly would go back but with adjusted expectations.
5	This place has amazing food. I have tried several things here but my favorite are the steak tacos. Yum!!
5	This restaurant is fantastic in every way, it offers a multi-sensory experience which is impressive in terms of ambiance in addition to food and drink.The amount of thought and intentionality is evident in the way that many small details are well attended to including the use of Himalayan Rock Salt bricks to keep tortillas warm to the interior reflecting a classic Latin American mission through lighting and catholic symbology.If you don't like it, you shouldn't be writing restaurant reviews for others. Enjoy.
2	BARF! Gave it a extra star for the ambiance and decor that was the only thing this restaurant had going for itself.
5	This is currently my FAVORITE restaurant in the valley. Everything from the ambiance to the service to the FOOD to the decor is fabulous. I've never ordered a bad thing on the menu. Everything has so much flavor. I love how the portions aren't ginormous - you leave full and satisfied but never feeling stuffed. The front patio is adorable, complete with a fireplace. The back patio is more spacious and offers heat lamps at night. The inside dining room is gorgeous but can be loud.Favorites are: Pork shoulder tacos, skirt steak tacos, mahi mahi tacos, grilled corn, tableside guacamole. Margaritas are great.Just learned of the "Sunday pig out" - $16 per person for all you can eat taco bar (this may change from week to week but it was pork shoulder tacos last Sunday) and half price bloody mary's, mimosas, bottles of wine.
5	The other night, my cousin invited me to dinner. I didn't know where I wanted to go, so I told her to give me some options. She sent me a text message with a laundry list of restaurants, some I had never heard of. I didn't know where to go, so I sent my foodie friend Gina a text message with the list of restaurants. She replied, "The Mission. Boom!" I had never been there before, so I wanted to try several things on the menu. From the guacamole to the duck confit empanada, EVERYTHING was delicious. Oh, and they infuse tequila with lime juice for some of their signature cocktails. If you want an authentic Latin cuisine experience, then you need to try The Mission.
4	Delicious tacos and guacamole was amazing! Fun place to be but noise level was a little too loud for a conversation.
4	Great food, great atmosphere, great service! Have been here many times and have always had a great experience. Have been here for both romantic dinners and drinks with friends and enjoyed The Mission either way.A unique and satisfying menu. Will definitely keep coming back!
5	This place was excellent!  The boyfriend had recommended this place, and we decided to try it for Valentine's Day.  We made a reservation online, which was really convenient especially for a holiday.The margaritas are really good.  I had the primarita, which the server recommended as it is the most popular.  It was really good.  The boyfriend ordered a smokehouse margarita, which definitely pulled through with it's name.  It had a smokey flavor and a spicy kick.We started out with the grilled street corn, which came with a mayo-based sauce that was incredibly flavorful, and a little spicier than I expected, but in a good way.  I ordered the short ribs, and the boyfriend ordered the chorizo porchetta.  Both were very flavorful.  I really enjoyed the cheese sauce that came with the meat.The ambiance and decor were perfect. I read reviews stating that it was too dark, but it was never too dark for me to read or see what I was eating.  Our server was very friendly and our glasses were always filled.We would definitely go again!
4	Really enjoyed the ambiance, table-side guacamole/chips/salsa, and desserts.My sweet potato tacos were meh, but my partner's Mahi Mahi tacos were light, bright, and tasty (small portions). The pumpkin bread pudding and fried bananas (large portions) were yum and a nice way to end the meal.
5	One of my favorite Mexican food places in scottsdale. I would definitely recommend coming here if you haven't yet. The fish and steak tacos are some of the best that i have had.
5	This is a review for the fellas, but ladies - pay attention:Guys, there is only one reason to go to the mission, and it's to take your lover there and show her that you are a man of distinguished tastes and also that you have slightly too much money, but not too much that you're frivolous - just enough extra that you can afford things like expensive tiny tacos and fancy drinks.When you go to the mission, maybe it's best to eat inside, because the lights are low, and the wood is dark, and it's moody - do you understand what I'm saying?  It's a romantic atmosphere.  So first get some drinks, and I recommend their margaritas, or their tequila mojito, but if you're a guy only order the tequila mojito if your lady already knows that you are a strong lover, because you don't want to send the wrong message, but it's an amazing drink.Next, it's time for the tacos.  Their menu is pretty thick but it's mostly the cover that's thick, and there aren't actually a lot of pages, so focus on the tacos.  They're sold three at a time, so your will order three tiny tacos, and your lover will order three tiny tacos as well, and then maybe once the food comes, you have an opportunity to swap one.  Or maybe two.  Do you see what I'm saying?Finally, desert.  Hey, get another drink and get some fried bananas - that's both a suggestive dish, and something delicious, and it lets you both set the mood for what happens after dinner.That's it.  If you don't like the food or drinks, you don't know what good is, and if you haven't set the mood right, then you have nobody to blame but yourself (or maybe you need to be more discerning about your choice of lovers).  The Mission.
5	This is my absolute favorite restaurant in Scottsdale. It is so amazing! I love the ambiance, the interior decor style, the food and the service is always great. This is the only place that makes me miss eating chicken as the chicken taco's are so fantastic. I've been a full vegetarian for a few years now though and let me tell you, there butternut squash tacos are so delicious, so make sure to order them. My favorite thing there is the table side guacamole! I love the guys that come over and make it for you (don't forget to tip them, it's the nice thing to do) and they make some bomb guacamole. I brought my parents there and my dad typically hates guacamole but he tried the table side guac here and he ended up eating the whole bowl! The restaurant is always busy, which is always a good sign. So, be sure to make a reservation. If you didn't make one, don't worry, just walk-in because there's usually room in the bar or somewhere on one of the two patios.
5	I highly recommend this place to everyone and anyone. By far my favorite place I ate at while in Scottsdale for the weekend. The food and service was 5+ stars. Also, make sure to have reservations made before going. Super popular place to go too!!!
4	We loved it!  We had a reservation for 6 and they sat us immediately.  The servers were fantastic and made excellent recommendations.  The primata margarita is very good. My friend and I shared the pork tacos for two. It was good but I think the others loved their meals more based on their reactions.  The guacamole was good and we liked how we could get different versions...hot was the best!
4	This is the third time I have been to the Mission.  The first two were for dinner, the third time was for lunch.  I travel to Phx/Scottsdale and the food here is a can't miss.  At night, it is more of a scene with low lighting and a great atmosphere. In the day, it was totally different very laid back, warm and inviting; especially if you are seated at a table outside with the sun shining down on you. The guacamole is amazing and the street tacos were great with a unique twist.  Also, if you want to experience great food without spending too much, lunch is a great option.
3	The service was scatterbrained and the food was good but the timing was a mess.  It's really hit or miss with this place.
4	Just come here!  This place OOZES sexy!  I am sure it will be 5 stars when I eat a full meal... but for now the ambiance, fresh made guacamole, champagne and SEXY environment has me wanting more!  Great patios, service, people and ALWAYS packed.  Reservations required unless you want to be smashed at the bar... I don't mind it's worth the visit!  LOVE this place and on my list of ideal romantic dinner places!
5	Had the table side guac, pork shoulder tacos, roasted corn, and black bean side. All very good. At first I thought the pork taco serving was small for two people but once you add it to the small corn tortillas and other toppings its plenty. Service was excellent we were seated outside under a heat lamp and someone came over and placed a cloth napkin on the ground where my purse was to protect it. Drinks were my only disappointment but since this is based on personal preference I still gave 5 stars. The mojito mint was not muddled and the wine selections were limited. I tried three different drinks and none really wowed me but the food more than made up for it.
5	We walked by on our way to the Giants baseball game on Friday and it looked good, so we went for lunch today in the rain.  It was just wonderful. We sat on the back patio which was not crowded, even though it was pretty crowded inside.  Our waiter was pleasant, prompt, and helpful in explaining menu items.  I had the shrimp tacos and my husband had Huevos Rancheros.  We also ordered a side of the street corn.  It was one of the best meals we've had on this trip.  The rain added to the already lovely ambience.  The tacos, in addition to tasting wonderful, looked just as good.  The presentation is clearly important to them.  The service was equally good. A great place for either lunch or dinner.
4	Very good food and ambiance! Order guacamole...Only downside is the table booths are very close to each other. Make reservations.
3	My wife and I came here on Tuesday.  Early dinner, but had our reservations for 2 weeks. We sat inside. I saw several reviews about it being "romantic" but I would caution that the noise level goes extremely high. The cocktails and sipping tequila were a fun touch.  A tequila mojito?  Not bad. We started with table side guacamole.  My wife ordered a duck confit, and I had a chorizo pork shoulder. Both were good, but we both felt stuffed before we could finish the entrees. Too Rich or too many chips?   Either way, we felt like humpy dumpty. I asked my wife to order dessert, because the yelp reviews were amazing. Pumpkin bread pudding and chocolate churro were wasted (we left more than we ate). Now, we were not enjoying the experience. Overbearing noise, Rich food, and flavors all felt the same. Sorry Mission, I can eat...but you failed in making me want to.  I know others will disagree, as this place did not lack business.
2	This place didn't live up to the hype. Went here for lunch on a Saturday. Positives: 1. Outdoor seating is great. 2. Cocktails are fresh3. Waiters and Waitresses are attentive. Negatives:1. We waited close to 40 minutes for our food to arrive after we ordered it.2. My margarita was way overpriced ($13)3. I ordered the Kale salad with chicken. The salad was extremely salty. 4. My lunch date order the taco trio. We were told they were "street" sized, however the  tortillas were approximately 2.5 inches in diameter. It looked like an appetizer. Save your money and go somewhere else!
5	Great food. Great service.   Pork shoulder was amazing and the pork appetizer was great.  We didn't have a reservation and had to wait but it was worth it.
3	so I made reservation at 5:45, showed up, and told to wait by wait staff because the table is still busy. (sure... there are many other tables available for 1 or 2 ppl)20 min later I asked, is my table ready, she then looked at the manager, and the manager asked her if I have any reservation. she pointed to my name and he asked for how many ppl, she said 1. and he said only 1!!?then she seated me to another table (which has been available in the first place)the place is not a place for enjoying your meal. it is a fusion of mexican argentine and peruvian food. in which the food part is pretty good. just don't order any Taco (they are badly made and not sure why)the waitress was very nice and describe the food well, she did not recommended the Taco, next time I would try the short ribs or their speciality pork belly.I wish they lit up the room a bit, too dark and having a waitress to shine a light on the menu or your food so you can see, doesn't help.Duck Carnitas Empanada was great.
5	BEST restaurant in town, especially if you are visiting like my husband and I were from Chicago . We chose this as our only fine dining restaurant for our short trip to celebrate our two year annivesary engagement. I tried making reservations online on opentable.com but when it was full, I called the restaurant and spoke to a nice lady who got me outdoor patio reservations at 8 p.m. on a Thursday night. I know it's expensive, but compared to Chicago restaurants, the prices here were worth every penny, and my husband and I thought the prices were fair for the ambiance, and great service. Our waitress had too many tables in my opinion, but she gave everyone fair attention. With a large drink list, we couldn't decide what we wanted, but with some help on flavors, my husband and I got cocktails we both enjoyed along with our dinner. We split the corn appetizer dish and the steak taco's. They are the best steak taco's I have ever had. They came in 3, all though we could have requested 4, and a generous amount was on each perfectly cooked corn tortillas. The flavor was intense, I absolutely loved it.The presentation and taste of our banana dessert was something I don't regret eating regardless of how many calories it had and how full I was. This restaurant seemed so popular, full of people on dates, walk-ins to bar, girls night out, or just group gatherings. I would definately go back and wish the restaurant was located in Chicago.
2	Although the food was good, we had an issue with the service.  When asked to accommodate a variation on a menu item the waitress was not willing to even try to the point of rudeness. Then between courses she placed our used silverware that were on our plates back onto the table. When we asked for clean silverware we were given an extremely snide remark by the waitress. Her rudeness ruined the ambiance of the beautiful patio dining.
5	Awesome place. The food and am since is amazing. It's dark so it's really romantic and has amazing food. I recommend the pork belly. I go with my parents a lot and we all love it and get the same dish. I wouldn't recommend going with a bigger party then 5 and make sure you make a reservation WAY in advance unless u get lucky and find seats at the bar .
5	This was my first time here and WOW, it was delicious!!! Beyond delicious!! Atmosphere was pure perfection and delightful!! HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
4	The food was great, we sat outside in the rear of the restaurant.  You really can't beat the service, very friendly and continually keep your drinks filled.  I had a steak, I can't remember the exact name, but it was great one of the best steaks of ever had. Also, order the guacamole. They prepare it right next to your table fresh.  Great place, I would recommend it to anyone.
1	We had reservations for the patio a few months back. We arrived on time, we seated promptly at a nice table and brought water immediately. However. It went down hill from there fast. Two different servers came up and introduced themselves as our servers. It felt rushed. We gave one our drink order, only to have the other come up and ask what we would like to drink. What...? The wine came a long while later. We put in an order for a jidori chicken appetizer with a server and some guac made table side. Both were good. For dinner we ordered the diver scallops and another chicken item. Right after one server took our order for entrees, another came up and dropped off dessert menus. What...? Did we not get our entree order in? We will never be sure when the entree orders were put in. Did the server forget? Why did we get dessert menus? It took almost an hour for entrees to come out. Which was fine as the appetizers filled us up. But still. Both entrees were good but I've had comparable food with proper service at other places. My scallops were perfect although I realized I wasn't a big fan of the set it was with. Boyfriend liked his chicken. We were planning to get dessert but after all was said and done I was full and completely turned off by the service. Our bill was somewhere around $130 before tip. I've worked fine dining, I'm still a server. This was the worst service I've ever had, not because the people weren't nice but because it was so chaotic and stressful and the energy was reflected onto the guests. Def not worth $160, which is a lot to us. Lastly, I forgot my sweater there and didn't realize until we got home. I called the restaurant and the host said they had it. I gave them my name and number and said I would be in the following day. I went to pick it up the next morning and it was no where to be found. Kind of ridiculous if you ask me. Save your money. There are so many other wonderful restaurants in Old Town with service that isn't so stressful.
3	First time visit here. We enjoyed the Margaritas and the appetizer Pozole, which contained some complex flavors. Unfortunately I thought my pork shoulder was fairly dry and lacked overall flavor. My girlfriend's Snapper also was fairly dry and lacked much flavor. We were both underwhelmed for the pretty pricey dishes. We decided we'd go back for the Margaritas and appetizers skipping the expensive dinner.
3	Went there 2x last year.  Terrific food.  Bread pudding dessert was incredible.  Attentive service.  Beautiful courtyard in the back.  Magical and romantic.  But then the negatives...inside was so dark I could not see the food.  Wait staff carry flashlights so customers can see what they are eating...ridiculous.  waitress said they get complaints all night about the dim lights but the owner refuses to turn them up!!!  It is a little pricey...but ok...I'll pay because the food is really that good...but if they don't turn the lights up so I can see what I am eating then I will not be back.  There is no excuse for such a poorly lit restaurant.  Cannot read the menu, cannot see the food.  Wake up owner...whoever you are...turn the lights on please...you ruin an otherwise amazing dining experience.  ...It was so dark I could barely find the silverware...no kidding!
4	Excellent guacamole served table side. Avocado margarita unique and worth checking out. I got the skirt steak tacos which were delicious. My husband had the grouper - a little in the dry side. Overall a great meal!
5	Pros:  Best meal I've had in awhile.  Great margaritas.  Yummy guac.  Perfect portion sizes.  Exceptional chocolate dessertCons:  none
5	Located in Old Town Scottsdale, AZ, The Mission is amazing. For starters, my partner & I ordered the duck confit empanada, which includes foie gras. Of course, being from California where this is outlawed I HAD to have some foie gras! This appetizer was amazing! I could have had seconds but who wants to be a little piggy? Not me!Especially when their specialty is pork! Mmmm pork. Where do I start? I had the chorizo porchetta & my SO had the pork shoulder tacos. Both were melt in your mouth amazing. I finished off my entree & wanted to lick the plate clean! Having heard they are known for their Avocado Margaritas, I was intrigued. You may think WHAT? AVOCADO MARGARITA!??! Rest assured you MUST try one! They are very yummy... You can't taste the avo. It makes it creamy & a uniquely green goodness. The service was really really good. Our server was attentive & keen on making sure our drinks & food were served promptly. It was a fine dining experience that didn't feel pretentious. It felt casual and comfortable; the way I like my experience to be. I can assure you I will be returning to The Mission the next time I visit Scottsdale. Until then, I'll go back to dreaming about avocado margaritas.
5	This was the most amazing food I have ever had. Starting with the table side guacamole, every dish we had was presented fabulously only to be outdone by the incredible flavors.Hank said "boing!"
3	Food is great, but it's pricey. it's great upscale mexican food, but we live in Arizona and can get great Mexican food everywhere. Service is good, but it can be a bit stuffy. I'd say eat at the bar, if you can get a seat. Our server gave us lackluser service once he realized we weren't ordering a ton of food. Our billl was still around $100, which was fine. Just wasn't blown away, don't much care for being treated like that.
5	Easily one of my top 15 all time meals. Absolutely delicious & fresh! Practically licked the bowl of the tableside guacamole. Pulled pork tacos melted in your mouth. And the margaritas washed it all down with a smile.
2	Overhyped, and overcrowded...there are great restaurants in Phoenix and this is not one of them.  To set the tone for the evening, we received a call the afternoon of our reservation informing us that we would be allotted two hours in which to dine. That would have been fine, had it not been for the fact that most of our precious two hours was chewed up by the overworked waiter zooming past us avoiding eye contact.  The place is packed and noisy and the staff is impossibly rushed.  As for the food...meh.  It's Mexican food done in a fancy style, but it lacks any wow factor.
4	Scene: Sunday night after a San Francisco Giants win, noisy bar crowd, policeman stationed near the entranceI regretted not coming for lunch, which I would suggest, if you'd like a calmer ambiance. Request the back patio. The policeman's presence was curious, but I learned later he was there to watch for rowdy patrons, due to Scottsdale's bar scene. After a shade in the front patio hit my head due to the wind, I moved to another table in the patio.The table side prepared guacamole looked great, but is quite a large portion for one. A server said I could have a taste, but didn't follow through. My server arrived, who was quite pleasant. He suggested items for vegetarians and his favorites.He agreed on my choice of the Shaved Kale Salad. It was a generous portion, easily shared, with a delicious blend of sweet and savory, due to blood oranges, goat cheese and marcona almonds which compliment the kale. He told me the guacamole is only one size. I then chose the Roasted Organic Butternut Squash Tacos, since they are handmade. I was concerned about jalapenos but it's not a spicy dish. Beautiful presentation! Bite size tacos contain sweet butternut squash offset by a tasty mixture of spices.I wanted dessert, but don't particularly like bread pudding, and chose it due to other Yelpers' compliments. I couldn't photograph it due to the darkness of the front patio. The pumpkin is quite subtle. It was disappointing that the ice cream had melted, and the small piece of bread pudding was almost submerged in the sauce, which created a mess. I mentioned this to my server, but he didn't offer anything else. I would choose another dessert. The cooking at The Mission is quite refined and inventive, due to the chef's creativity. The restaurant is very busy, in addition to the bar, which overwhelms the staff. Try visiting for brunch, lunch or on a weekday night, when one could enjoy the delicious food in outdoor patios.
2	Not worth the hype! Servers were very nice but that was pretty much it. We went for a group dinner and were extremely disappointed - the food was not very good and too overpriced. I don't mind paying for good food, but this was not good at all. Everything was too spicy and salty and served cold. The only good thing on the menu was the guacamole which was served table side and the kale salad. Also make sure that when they sell you on the wines they give you the real story and not a fancy one to try to up sell you. Won't be going back.
5	Out of the hundreds of restaurants in Scottsdale, this one is my favorite. Great atmosphere, food, and drinks. Duck Empanada was absolutely delicious and you can get a side of foie gras for 5 bucks! Enough said, check it out!
5	I'm from Philadelphia and was in town to visit friends after some business in Vegas.  Every time I come out here, I just have to have the Mexican food, because although we have some good Mexican spots in Philly, it just isn't the same as the Southwest.The Mission didn't disappoint, it was awesome.  The margaritas were very good, I have a cucumber jalapeno margarita and thought the combination of a little bit of heat with the margarita flavor was great.  Another of my friends had a martini which she said was good and my other buddy had the house margarita, also good.Let's talk about the food though, the star of the show.  Street corn, with this spicy mayo type sauce on it, wow, awesome.  Grilled to perfection and the sauce was incredible.  For dinner we shared three dishes:  a flat iron steak, very good, tasty, well cooked, mahi mahi tacos, which were friend to perfection, crispy and very tasty and the dish that I would fly back for tonight, the porchetta stuffed with chorizo.  This pork dish was braised for 16 hours, literally falling apart, juicy, tender, tasty...was the best dish I had in Scottsdale.  To top of the meal, we had churros, that came with a milkshake...great way to end the meal.Overall great experience, our server was awesome, food was on point, drinks were tasty, would definitely go back.  Price was reasonable, three people, appetizer, two drinks a piece and a meal and bill was around $200 total.  Not bad at all.
5	If you are at The Mission and aren't calling this meal the best one you have had in Arizona, then you are at ANOTHER restaurant called Mission something...and you need to get to The Mission. Table side Guacamole, Spinach Dates Salad, Crispy Pork and Cola Lime glaze, Street Corn off the cob (that I would kill a man for), Chorizo Porchetta, Pablano Grits, and PLEASE DON'T ARGUE WITH ME THIS DINNER WAS INSANE!!! They haven't even brought out my Pumpkin Bread Pudding and I'm making a rez for tomorrow so I can eat more of this menu. Service from Noah was a supreme plus (as his recommendations really helped us nail this)! Eat, drink, and be merry! And if you don't think this is a 5-star meal you are out of your mind! Ok...back to dessert! :)
4	Always great food and the owners are very personalble :)
5	We came here for my birthday and it was absolutely wonderful. The atmosphere is great and they hands down have the best margarita I've ever had! It's classic, clean, authentic and full of flavor. The mahi mahi tacos are delicious and the guacamole is to die for and they make it right in front of you! They make their own bread for their tortas and everything here is ridiculously authentic. I would definitely recommend it to anyone, it's a great up scale place. For dessert - I am not at all a fan of bread pudding, but OH my goodness - do not pass up the opportunity to try it if you have it, it is incredibly well done & momentarily makes you levitate into a state of paradise.
5	This is not your local taco joint. It's a classy hip Mexican restaurant/bar backed by an award winning chef know for inspiring twist on cultural dishes. The decor his rustic, gothic, and hip. The food is on a different level that most places and will introduce your palate to  favors so full and interesting you will smiling and taking about it for the whole time there. Just like the food, the drink menu is on a higher level. The service is amazing friendly and not snobby at all. Workers greet with a smile you as you walk in and out. Waiters know their food as if they were the chefs. With all this combined you would think that this place could break your wallet but to the contrary! It's affordable! Mission has it right!
4	Yummy Guacamole, and they even ask you how spicy you would like it.  I ordered hot and got exactly what I wanted. The best I have had in Phoenix.They brought over their hottest salsa, it was TOO HOT!  Holy cow, be careful on that one.  The burn doesn't go away for a while, my eyes were running it was so hot.  The prices could be a little less expensive, but overall, I will be back.  Great for date night.  The bar staff was awesome, great service overall.
4	I've heard how great The Mission is ever since I moved to Scottsdale in 2011 and finally checked it out last weekend. My boyfriend and I went to the Mission for our 4 year anniversary dinner because we wanted to try something new.  The Mission looks really cool inside and there are pretty chandeliers hanging around. We got drinks at the bar while our outside table finished being set up - we ordered red sangria and a Michelada style beer - both were great.Our table was outside on the patio and it was a gorgeous night. At first our waiter seemed MIA but then he made himself more apparent. For an appetizer we ordered the Duck Carnitas Empanada and it was sooo good. Then for dinner we shared the Pork Shoulder tacos and they were awesome. The hand pressed tortillas were a little smaller than the palm of your hand and then you created your own little taco with the pork, cheese, onions and cilantro. It being our anniversary, they comped our dessert and brought out the Pumpkin Bread Pudding and it was really good, rich, and I couldn't stop eating it.Highly recommend The Mission! I would definitely go back - so much to try on their menu.
5	HOLY CRAP! This place is insane! The Sweet Corn appetizer was just like some that I had tasted at a Fell's Point festival. (I confess to going home and making some because I was so inspired) The scallop tacos were also served in heavy and delicious portions. To top it all off, the red sangria was singing to me by the end of the night. Awesome rustic chic decor. A must go in Scottsdale for a fun night out with the girls.
5	I don't toss around 5 stars lightly. Service has to be flawless, food has to be top notch, and the entire experience needs me to be thinking about it days later. That's what I experienced at The Mission. Broken Plate Concepts truly gets that dining out isn't just dining out--it should be an experience from start to finish. Like it's sister restaurant, House Brasserie, the restaurant is lovely.  And it's meant to be a finer dining experience so take the time to dress up. A party ahead of us who clearly hadn't planned out their experience was informed that the young men needed to remove their baseball caps. They weren't happy about it, but I appreciate that a restaurant wants to maintain a certain level of experience for everyone.  There are 2 patios, one in front and one in rear of restaurant. Both were comfortable and calming. Our server was friendly, knowledgeable, and worked very hard to make our first experience memorable. We were celebrating our anniversary and she even treated us to dessert. Classy!So, if you're coming to The Mission, you have to have the table side guacamole. It's a must have. You can have other stuff off the starters list but if you don't get the table side guacamole, you are a fool. Seriously. It's that good. They roll out a cart filled with every ingredient imaginable to create guac and literally make guacamole right at your table to your taste. It doesn't get any fresher or better than that. The chips are warm, not too salty and more importantly, sturdy! There is nothing worse than flimsy chips that break when you are scooping salsa and/or guacamole. And let me tell you, the salsa is incredible. Husband and I both had the street tacos; he the tecate skirt steak tacos and I the roasted butternut squash tacos. Y.U.M. We went on Saturday evening...it's now Tuesday. We are STILL talking about these tacos. The skirt steak was melt in your mouth tender and the butternut squash tacos were filling and perfectly done. Nothing worse than overcooked squash. We also had the papas y chorizo and the chipotle grits for sides. Both were delicious and unique. Our dessert was a pumpkin bread pudding that was damn near a religious experience. Ordinarily I wouldn't pick bread pudding but I am going to have to rethink that after having this ooey, gooey, chunk of heaven. The ice cream sprinkled with cayenne was a nice touch too. We are already planning our next visit and can't wait to try more treats!
5	We drove here straight from the airport after arriving from Seattle. We tried to get into Los Dos Molinos and Frank and Lupe's but both were closed. We called The Mission and they said "come on in" even though we would arrive past 10 AM. The room is absolutely beautiful and the food is amazing. This was truly an inspiring culinary adventure and will be on my list every time I visit Scottsdale in the future.
2	The food was good but the waitress was passive aggressive and condescending. The wine was corked but we did not mention because we were getting dirty looks for asking questions. She was annoyed by every question and did not explain the specials to half of our group that arrived two minutes later than the first group and treated them like idiots when they asked questions. The disdain and eye rolling reminded us of our worst experience in Paris. We've never submitted a bad review before.
2	My first yelp review. So upset after going to The Mission on our anniversary. We walk up to the entrance and encountered the tall, spiked hair, male employee who was blocking the patio entrance to the restaurant. He was advising everyone to try the House Brasserie and handing out their menu. It was very confusing, and he was only acknowledging certain people of the multiple people trying to get by him into the restaurant. We  finally made our way around the crowd after getting my feet stepped on and  spoke to the two female hostesses.  We were told it was a 45 minute wait. We were fine with this because we had not made a reservation. The bar was crowded so we went back out  front where there was a place to sit.  The bench where we were sitting was by the patio entrance. There we waited 45 minutes starring at a table on the patio that was available the entire time we waited. The hostesses texted us that our table was ready. As we were walking in, there was the spiked hair, male employee blocking the hostess station. He saw me walk up and did not acknowledge me and began to talk to a female who walked right in front of me. Eventually he turned to me and said " you will have to wait a minute." Then, he turned to me and said "are you trying to get a table tonight"? At this point the female hostess are trying to look over him to talk to me but he would not budge his location. (Who is this guy? The bodyguard. He is not giving this restaurant a good first impression.)I assume because the hostesses recognized me, they said, "wait here because we are preparing your table." We stood there and waited another 10 minutes.Then, the hostess proceeded to walk us to the very open table we had been starring at for 45 minutes. This was the table they were "preparing for us" for the last 10 minutes? It had been prepared and empty for about 55 minutes!When we told the hostess we did not want to sit at this table, she became visibly angry and hateful.We were reseated at another open table on the patio. I wish we had just left and gone elsewhere. Yes, the guacamole was good and the gentlemen that made it was extremely nice but there was nothing else about the food or restaurant that seemed worth the snobbiness of the staff.
5	We went to Scottsdale for a vacation and a colleague recommended The Mission.   Boy did we enjoy this place!Our decision start with the Avocado Margarita and the Cucumber Jalapeno Margarita was a nice way to begin lunch!  The waiter described the Avocado Margarita as a smoothy but I found it more like a thick margarita.  Wonderful!We had the table side traditional guacamole.  Very flavorful and quite enjoyable.Whenever I see Pozole soup on the menu, I jump on it.  Their version was very unique.  Large chunks of smoky pork was a real surprise with a more broth base than I have had elsewhere.  A unique presentation and I will remember it!We split the Shrimp Anticuchos and the Short rib tacos.  Both were excellent.   Enough for 2 people to share.Service was great, the outdoor atmosphere was wonderful.  I will be back next time I'm in town
5	The Mission is a hidden gem, small in scope but grand in vision. There are three separate interior dining spaces, along with a small patio, which creates a warm vibe and reduces the bustle and sound levels, creating an intimate setting. The owner Pavle is very welcoming and is a superb host. For a quick weekend in Scottsdale we sat outside for an early afternoon bottle of wine and a cheese & fruit plate, which was off menu but Pavle said "leave it to me to put something together" and he delivered. We also took his recommendation for wine, with a Lynch Aligote and both were wonderful. We decided to return for a dinner the following evening, as the menu and wine list read so well. Putting ourselves in Pavle's hands, we had a bottle of champagne from Savoie and a Etna red, both great and well priced. He could have chosen something for $100, and we had a larger budget, but his picks were half that and it is a testament to his ability to deliver consistent value and a high quality experience for his patrons. He also shared a taste of two Chinons, one being a rarer personal selection, which was greatly appreciated. For dining, we put ourselves in his & the chef's hands, and they did not disappoint. Wonderful varied flavors, from the lamb dumplings, falafel plate, pasta, and then to chicken...and I'm writing from memory so I will be general, the cuisine we tried (about 25% of the menu) is a hybrid of "classic" Mediterranean (falafel, lamb...) but with Italian "peasant" influences (brothy with vegetables), light and flavorful, not heavy, with a "Grandma's kitchen" feel where the plating is home-y, large portions, not served with a "reverence" you might find at a fancy foodie restaurant. Definitely a warm welcoming feel, where food is more dionysian. Notable: the chicken is sourced from a small farm, we had a breast that was pounded thin, had a wonderful gameier taste and texture, served with a topping best described as a dry salsa, with halves of lightly cooked radish, with wonderful croutons of lightly fried polenta. Fabulous. Highly recommend you visit (& make reservations!...also note he bar has only 3 seats, but Pavle is very accomodating and will work with you). If I neglected to mention this, the wine selection is outstanding. Many local items (AZ & NM), as well as a robust Old World list. Anyone who favors Kermit Lynch selections for his wine list is a man to be trusted!
5	I was booking a bachelorette party brunch, and decided upon The Mission. The minute we walked in, I was a fan! I adored the chandeliers, the lighting, and all the other little details throughout the restaurant. Our waiter, Angel, was extraordinarily personable and accommodating. We started off our brunch with the fresh guac, made-to-order at your table. it was AMAZING! I could have just eaten it out of the bowl and called it a day. Several of my friends ordered the Pollo a La Brasa y Waffles. I had to try a bite and must say, the waffles were to DIE for! Pure maple with bits of bacon, poured over a cinnamon waffle?! Yes pleaseeeeeeeeeeee! Too bad I am on a competition diet. with that said, the kitchen was able to accommodate my special diet and prepared me a breakfast plate with grilled chicken and egg whites. I tried the grits that came on the side, and they were creamy deliciousness for sure! The Chilaquiles looked incredible and, based on feedback, both the red AND green were very tasty. I absolutely recommend The Mission to anyone looking for a great place for brunch. I would also HIGHLY recommend making reservations. I made mine a week in advance and was glad I did... the place really fills up quickly around 11:30!
4	My girlfriend and I went here for our anniversary.  The staff was friendly, but a little flustered.  They never brought a couple things we ordered (didn't try to charge us either, so no worries).The food was very good, but the portions are pretty small.  You can tell they take their cooking seriously. I would go back, but it's probably not one of my regular spots.We were chatting with one of the managers and he mentioned they have some great specials on Sunday (roasted pork, cheap drinks, etc.).  We've been meaning to go back and check it out.
4	The Mission is in Old Scottsdale, a nice area for good restaurants and shopping.  We went on a Sunday early afternoon for brunch.  It was busy but we were able to find a table in the bar area (first come, first served).  Otherwise, if you want a table, I'd suggest making reservations (we had one for dinner originally and times went quickly...we called a week in advance and the best we could get was 6PM).Brunch is a choice of the regular menu, which is small but has some good dishes, or an All-You-Can-Eat taco bar, which is done well.  They have someone carving beef and pork.  They put it on a small, soft tortilla for you, and you add your own toppings.  Very good, reasonable price (think it was $16).  They also offer table side Guacamole, made to your preferences.Overall, very enjoyable.  Might give it a 5-star if it were in another location, but with the competition in that area, there are a few that are slightly better.
5	I've eaten dinner before here and always loved it. Recently, I took my mother here and met some friends for brunch. We had an absolutely wonderful meal and experience. Our waitress was a sweetheart and very attentive. The Bloody Marys were out of this world and the guacamole and chips were incredible. I think I made the wrong choice in my meal because it had an over easy egg, which I don't like, but other than that it was a fantastic meal, loved the patio and we will definitely return not only for dinner now, but for brunch as well.
3	I hate to give 3 stars but service was a joke. The tacos we ordered were terrible. I will say the guacamole made at your table remains the same and still some well. The duck empanada was perfect. The fried bananas for Dessert was fine. Honestly, I won't be back for a long time. Not worth it to me. Too bad
5	This restaurant is truly a gem that you cannot pass up!! My husband and I have been coming for years and although we cannot come very often because it is not close to our home, we are never disappointed when we make the drive! We started with the tostadas which are to die for! There are so many flavors and textures in this dish that wow you. A little on the spicy side, but so good!We then had the cubano torta and the chicken tacos. Both were amazing!!The waitstaff is attentive and knowledgable, even on tough questions like is the cheese pasteurized. Always enjoy our meals here! Just don't sit out back, too many flies in the back for some reason.
5	Amazing guacamole, service and atmosphere!  I will be back.
5	My husband has been raving about this place, so we went there for lunch.  We started with their guacamole, made fresh right at the table.  It was incredible.  They come to your table with a cart loaded with bowls of ingredients and you can choose what to add to your guacamole.  I've never had anything so delicious!  Wow!  Their chips were also the best I've had in any restaurant anywhere!  We each ordered the tacos.  I had the pork shoulder tacos, which were incredible.  My husband ordered the barbacoa tacos.  He said they were good, but we swapped one taco and he liked the pork shoulder better.  I also had one of their "famous margaritas" and it was really tasty!  It was just the right strength, not too weak, not too strong.  We will definitely be going back. My only complaint was it's SO hot sitting outside on the patio, but I'm from Seattle, so not used to the heat.  It was like a sauna, so if you're really sensitive to heat, stay inside if you can.  Definitely five star, will definitely be back.
5	The food was amazing, the kind which makes you close your eyes & smile. I had the grilled chicken tacos with a side dish of papa's y chorizo then we tried huge tequila shots which I believe are a house special we were told it is DIAMOND filtered "OOOO fancy" whatever they do it was smooth! Warm and chilled (So we had a couple) haha. We were a party of 3 we all tried different dishes and all enjoyed.
5	Great for groups on the patio! Tableside guacamole is a must. Service is great and the food is uniquely beautiful and delicious. I chose this place for a work group and all loved it!
2	The Mission has been a favorite of mine since it opened.  I had my Farewell to Scottsdale, Arizona brunch on April 27th, and it was very disappointing.  After we were seated at 11 a.m.,  ordered drinks, and were given menus; the waitress advised us upon taking our order that their fryer was broken, and wouldn't be repaired anytime soon, or at least while we were dining.  Really problematic for our party, as we were looking forward to splitting their fabulous french fries.  There was a rather dismissive apology by the waitress, then she advised us that any of the entrees that would normally require a fryer could be prepared as grilled. I really couldn't think of what that was on the menu, but I ended up ordering a couple of "safe" appetizers to split, and left disappointed. We also ordered chips and guacamole, and the chips were either from another establishment or yesterday's as they were stale and uninviting.  Not what you would want to pair with $12 tableside guac.   It was even more entertaining to watch the very large touristy family next to us who wandered in with 7 kids under the age of 12.  There was nada on the menu for these little ones to eat except a quesadilla I guess.  After they ordered, their waiter came back to their table to let them know that their whiny kids would be ordering something else besides french fries and empanadas.  Sort of a metaphor for me and Scottsdale as a whole, glad to be back in Cali.
2	Second time was awful service. Not courteous, not helpful. The food was rushed out and we were not offered  a second drink -- come on, I'm  paying!! Won't go back anytime soon.
4	Great experience.  Lots of onstreet parking available and great location.I went here with my fiancee and we shared the tableside Guacamole and the Pork Shoulder Tacos.  I would find it hard to not get the same thing - they were both absolutely delicious!  Portions were large but not obesity sized.  For dessert we had theExpresso Churros, which were awesome as well.  We wouldn't have gotten it normally because we were so full, but they gave it to us for free since we were celebrating a special occasion.I thought the service was a little slow to get to us (about 6-7 minutes) initially, but once he did, the service was excellent.  That was the only blemish.  If I could give 4.5 starts, I would.  We will definitely be back next time we are in Phoenix.
4	The food and service were great. However, the music mix actually ruined the dining experience. Seriously. Change the music.
4	High quality good.  Very flavorful. Lights were very dim so bring a flashlight to see your menu and food.
5	Outstanding food and drinks.
5	Amazing guacamole - get it with ghost pepper. Pork belly app - ask for it with tortillas for mini tacos. Drink tequila from the calacas bottle. She's worth it.
5	Organic Margaritas?  That means I drink all I want and I'm being healthy.  I have had mahi mahi tacos all across this land and they have hit it out of the park.  The steak tacos came in a close second.  All in all this is the real deal, I'm still thinking about those drinks and that meal.  The foodie knows.
4	My wife and I decided to hit this place for dinner on our last night staying in AZ after an amazing 2 week vacation.  Its menu and good reviews drew us in immediately.  Old Town Scottsdale is also such a great fun place, we just had to go back to have our last hurrah there.After not being able to make a reservation as it was completely booked, we were pleasantly surprised when the hostess found us a table for two just as walk ins.We ordered a couple of beers and decided to get the two appetizers that grabbed us the most.  The Duck Carnita Empanada and the Pazole.  When my wife got the empanada, she immediately realized there  was no way she could eat that then an entree after it.  It was a very large portion and rich/heavy.  I didn't mind that so we switched and she took the pazole.  After a few spoonfuls she told me it was very salty.  I was surprised because we are salt fiends and never complain about saltiness.  I took a few spoons and yes, it was extremely salty.  Inedible salty.  If you have ever had Kalua pork at a luau, you would know that it is very salty, but in a pleasant way.  This was way more salty than that.  We told the server and he immediately said they would take it off the bill.  Considering the reputation, I would have thought they would offer a free drink or desert, but that is ok.  Anyway, my empanada was good, just very filling, and unfortunately I ordered the Duck Confit for dinner, so double rich duck dishes.  My wife got the snapper which  was extremely good and made up for the salty pazole.  I was relieved.  I thought maybe we hit a place that was all hype, but no, this place is legit and very good. They just probably had one of those moments where someone in the kitchen didn't taste before sending out the dish.  I will never hold that against a restaurant the first time.We were too full for desert, so that was it.  The place was super busy, hip, and dimly lit, which we like.  Service was very good.  Dammit though, I was really looking forward to my 2nd ever bowl of Pazole.  My first was while visiting AZ last year and I had been craving it since.We will be going back to The Mission as it has a very interesting menu that deserves investigating further.  Plus it's a fun place, albeit pricey.
3	Good Mexican food but if your Mexican u can easily make it at home for half the price. I ordered a plate of chilaquiles was $12 Homemade guacamole n chip was good but small portion.Customer service n employee are Great !! Good authentic flavors and salsas
3	While the food was excellent, the service was poor.  It took an hour for the waiter to take our order.  Chips and salsa were gratis.  When a delicious corn side dish was placed on the table, we assumed it was also free. We were not asked if we would like the corn.  It was placed there and we were charged for it.   A dessert was also brought out without them asking us.  We were also charged for that dessert.  That is just not the right to do that.
4	Fantastic day! My suggestion; Go in on a Sunday, around 4pm. The bar was pretty packed at this time of day, but the restaurant was empty.   Sit down in the restaurant area.  It is fun to watch the restaurant transition from a whimsical  Sunday Fun-day type atmosphere to an exotic and demure nightlife Restaurant.  Around 5pm, they begin to dim all of those gorgeous chandy's and close the thick shutters. Around 5:30pm, they start lighting and dispersing LOTS of little tiny votive candles to all the tables and wall mounted candelabras.   The restaurant is starting to fill little by little and the noise level goes from quiet to loud and bustling. The day shift is transitioning to night shift and the waiters are polishing their tables and preparing for a packed house. ( The restaurant is completely booked for dinner reservations ) The menu at this time of day is very simple as they are preparing for dinner.  But the simplicity of this menu makes it easy to order light hearted items.  The filet skewers and shrimp skewers are delicious.  Order the table side guacamole!! It is fantastic !  The bread pudding was delicious, but priced $2 cheaper on the menu than we were charged on our bill.  We were also charged for a chicken skewer $12, that we did not order.  We had to bring this to our waitress's attention after we received the bill. Good thing I doubled checked the bill as my husband didn't even look at it and just plopped his credit card down.  When I mentioned the discrepancy of pricing to the waitress. She took off the chicken skewer, but not the $2 additional charge for the bread pudding. We didn't push it, because who wants to be a bitch over $2, but just check your bill before you pay.  Overall, I loved they whole experience and I can't wait to go back!!!   Oh! I posted a picture of the bread pudding and the picture looks disgusting. Tried to delete the picture and I don't know how.  The bread pudding is delicious, even though the picture I took looks like bile topped with ice cream and bed bugs.
5	We went back for some more of the table side guacamole and had some the spicy chicken tacos - they were so good!  Then we went back again the next day and had the same thing...soooooo good.  The service redeemed itself, so I upped the review to 5 stars.  We will be eating their multiple times whenever we are back in Phoenix.
5	Steak tacos LEGIT! Guac is amazing. Pumpkin brea pudding for dessert is  MUST!
3	Don't get me wrong, as I mentioned last time, the servers and the quality of the food are top-notch.  However, this is the second time we have visited the Mission and its the second time we have been treated VERY poorly by the host-staff, specifically a man with dark hair in a hip button-down shirt.  He stands at the desk prepared to seat people, but if you don't look the "Scottsdale" part, he is condescending and rude.  We decided to give it a second chance BECAUSE the food was so good the first time, but we will not visit again.  The host left a foul taste in our mouths one last time.
3	The ambiance is nice, the food is decent, portions are small.  I think the prices are a little on the high end for what you get.  I took a couple of girlfriends there who were in from out of town and they thought is was an okay place....so it deserves an ok review rating.
3	Not what I expected. Especially after all the hype. I ate nothing that I could not have prepared at home for a fraction of the price. Dark, noisy: noise due to music too loud & people talking louder to be heard. Quite the din, because it is a small space. Needed my phone flashlight to see the menu. Too dark is not for me. This does nothing for the ambience and gives me a feeling that there is something to hide. Perhaps $12 guacamole. That's one expensive avocado! I only ordered a salad and the "tacos". Mahi mahi that was mehi meh. The only peeps at my table who ordered entrees, were my two brothers. Meat eaters. They said their chorizo whateveritwas was good. Nothing on the plate as a side. I guess I just don't get it. Rent must be really high, and of course it is a "cool" location. So now I've tried it, but it was completely unmemorable. If you like to sit in the dark, eat expensive and just "ok" food because you're a Scottsdale hipster, then this is the place for you. I was just pleased to have exited the loud "tomb" when all was said & done. It's just no big deal.
2	The Mission has been a place that I have always wanted to go to. It's in the area of town that I'm always in. I had tried twice to make reservations and I couldn't get a spot. It made me want to go even more. Finally I was able to get in and have dinner.When we walked in the place was beautiful. Dim lighting a buzz of lively chatter and happy people. We were promptly shown to our seats. It was as we had imagined. When we sat down we waited for about 5 mins until our waitress came to take our drink order. We put our drink orders and appetizer orders in. We got the Duck Confite  and Faus Gras Empanadas. It was so good. Oh man it was delicious. After about 15 mins I started to worry about why our waitress had not come to take our order. I had finished my drink and didn't get a water refill. By this time I was frustrated. It was until 38 mins later did our waitress come back to take our order. I was livid but she came with a bit of an attitude. I had noticed it in the beginning and now it was apparent that she was acting as if she didn't want to be there and we were an inconvenience. It started to get warm, very warm. She came back and asked us if we needed anything else and before we could answer she walked off. The drink I had ordered was good but the Margarita we had ordered wasn't the one we ordered and when we politely asked her to get the right drink we ordered she rudely replied "I don't understand, that's what you ordered, *rolled her eyes* well what else would you like?"  We replied with "um well I'll just have a classic margarita, no salt on the rim" and she replied with "are you sure?" Which then I answered "oh we are sure sweetheart, we would rather not wait 39 mins to receive our drinks" the food was good but small smallPortions. The margarita we received had a salt rim and was not worth the $13 charged. We were also charged the drink we asked to not be charged for bc we didn't order it. When we told her that our drink had that charge she replied with "well I guess I can go take that off" she replied with a "nevermind" we paid and left. I was extremely disappointed and upset and didn't enjoy my time at all. It was a terrible experience and I do not want to return. The Mission is great looking but staff needed more training. Maybejust her. I was sad.
5	I was very pleasantly surprised by this restaurant. They had limited seating the night we arrived, but the manager went out of his way to get us a seat. His customer service is unparalleled and he truly made us feel welcome in this restaurant. Not only that, but he had the food to back it all up. The portions were just the right side and I left satisfied and full. I would definitely go back again, add it was an overall wonderful experience.
4	Excellent quality but perhaps a bit pricey and the portions are  tiny. Nice setting though and service was outstanding. Would definitely go back just for the tableside guacamole.
5	The mission was amazing. The atmosphere was wonderful and romantic. The food was just as wonderful. The table side guac was delightful and their filet was a great cut and was cooked perfectly. I would recommend this to anyone.
5	No matter the dining experience you want to have, you'll find it one of the spaces this old mission offers.  From the front patio, to the inside space and the back patio, each one offers a unique experience.  Being on the back patio reminds of my years living in Mexico City with the high walls, the very same marble surrounding the fountain, right down to the shade structure.  It feels like at any moment they could move the tables and start dancing.The food is ridiculous and the staff knows too much about all of it ;-)I could sit on that back patio and relax (read, drink) for days.  You forget you're in Scottsdale.
5	Great Place! The Mission was recommended to us by a local shopkeeper and so happy we decided to go try it. First off the decor and atmosphere is great (Love the Himalayan Salt block wall) This place is upscale Mexican and a little pricier than your normal Mexican fare but absolutely worth it. The chips they bring to the table are fresh, warm, light and crispy and the Salsa is wonderful has a little kick to it but full of flavor. I wish they sold this bottled up to go. We also got table side guacamole which may be one of the best guacamole's I've ever had. Everything our table ordered was delicious, the pork shoulder and skirt steak tacos both wonderfully seasoned, succulent and tender. The papas y chorizo is wonderful and we also got a huge bowl of the mission fries which are a must try!
2	The food was good but I will never eat there again! I called a week in advance for a reservation at 8:15 on a Friday night. There was a specific table that I wanted and told them that it was for a special occasion. They assured me that I would have that table. They called the day before to confirm my reservation. I was reassured that my reservation was for the table that I requested. I received another call from them the day of. The hostess said that they had another party coming in for that table at 9:45 and that I could show up a little early if I wanted to ensure that our meal would not be rushed. I told her we would show up at 8. We got there at 7:55 and were shown to our table, however it was not the table I had requested. Instead it was a tiny table cramped in between two other table with no room to move. I went back to speak to the hostess and told her that it was not the table we requested. She looked in the system and said that she must have missed the note and asked very rudely, "Well what would you like me to do, ask the people sitting there to move?" As bad as I wanted to say yes, I wasn't going to be that guy. I understand restaurants get busy, but I would not have chosen to dine here that evening had I not been assured that we would be seated at the table I requested. We even adjusted our plans to show up early to ensure we would not be rushed. Unfortunately, no matter how good the food was, I will only remember how they screwed up my reservation and acted as if I was an inconvenience. That being said, the table side guacamole is very good! The pork shoulder tacos were good, (the pineapple habanero glaze is excellent) but certainly not worth the $32. The Jodori chicken was okay, but nothing great. I would have certainly gone back to try other items on the menu but their lack of attention to detail completely spoiled the experience. I will not be retuning.
5	Had dinner at The Mission a few nights ago and it did not disappoint. The guacamole was amazing! Seriously maybe the best we've ever had. We were dining with our five-year-old and the waiter was so accommodating in terms of adjusting the spiciness. The pork tacos were great, the Mexican grilled corn was delicious, and the margaritas were perfect. We'll be back!
5	This is the real deal - the straight up tastiest tacos in the valley. We went on a business lunch (5 of us) and ordered some of everything. My favorite were the pork - the right combo of crunch, sweet, tender meat, spice - amazing. I brought a couple of extras back to the office and gave to a few employees - one said it was the best thing he had ever tasted in his life (not the best TACO he had ever tasted, the best ANYTHING he had ever tasted) and it is hard to argue. Quaint patio and table side made guac as well - are you kidding me?? Go eat there.
5	Great place for a more upscale date night long wait so make reservation a few days in advance but  the food is worth it the pork cola lettuce wraps are super good
5	I've sat inside and on each of the patios (front and rear). The rear patio is equipped with a mega fan; keeps the area super cool for a romantic evening! The inside of the restaurant is dimly lit...good for date night. The service, as with the food, has always been amazing. This last visit, I ordered the spinach salad and the scallops (phenomenal!). The waitress was very attentive and knowledable of the entrees. Great place to go before or after the theatre or for brunch after the Saturday morning market!
5	After finding this place on yelp, I had to try it.  Place was busy so I was seated at the bar.  Cassie the bartender was very good at describing the menu and explaining the chef's creations.  It's always awesome to eat at places where the staff knows the chef's inspirations and goals.  She was also very friendly and her recommendations were top notch.Started off with chips, salsa and table side guacamole.  Everything was especially the guacamole.  It was fresh and very flavor full.For dinner I had the fillet with candied bacon.  It was cooked perfect and it was very flavorful.  Having tried steaks at many nice steakhouses this place does it well.I would highly recommend this place if you're in Scottsdale.
4	Love this place mainly for the ambience. The food is great too but really like its style. I've been here twice and we ordered the guacamole prepared table side both times.
5	Whenever we have guests visit us, we always take them here.  I love their food, I love their atmosphere and they have such a great wine list.  Honestly, I loved everything that they have. We always get their Guac, their pork shoulder is always fantastic and I love churros.  I think this restaurant is a great way to introduce people to Mexican/Hispanic food that has been elevated to the next level.  Make reservations though, because otherwise you could be chilling at the bar for quite a while.  Though with their Briar Rose and wine list, it wouldn't be such a bad punishment.
5	Not what I expected at all.  I would have never choose this restaurant by the look, but glad I went to meet friends.  Amazing food, great drinks, and the most helpful/knowledgable wait staff I've ever had.  Little pricey but I definitely recommend.
4	Unbelievable flavors! The combinations in the dishes were perfect. Believe the hype about the street corn. We had it off the cob and it was creamy, with just the right amount of cheese and spice to enhance the corn without hiding it's flavor.  I'd go again tomorrow !
4	The decor was impressive, simple outside with a very elegant interior.  The staff was friendly, but not efficient at all. The table side guacamole was delicious but a little too thick and in a small weird boll that made eating it very difficult. We had tacos as a starter instead of salad, chicken and Mahi Mahi,  different and very good. Except they don't allow mixing the kinds so you have to have three of each, which gets old after two, if that were your entree. We had the salmon plate and chicken plate as our entree, both very good, beautiful presentation,  but extremely small portions and a little under seasoned. We didn't have a desert as they didn't seem very interesting. Over all, nice but not worth the price.
3	This is one of those restaurants where you are paying more for the nice ambiance and a lot for decent tasting food that you can obviously get somewhere else for a lot less.  But hey, it's nice to go out to fancy shmancy places sometimes...We were seated right away since we had reservations.  The mission was packed on a Saturday night, ambiance is dark and I guess you could say sexy (as I heard the table next to us saying).  Our waitress was attentive and made recommendations as we requested.  Guacamole- this is made fresh and right next to your table.  I thought this was good and full of flavor, different than other guacs I'm used to bc this one had a bunch of stuff mixed into it.  My hubby though thought this was ok since he prefers simple guac of just the avocado, cilantro, lime and onions.  So just depends on your preference.Almejas al vapor- some sort of clam and shrimp stew.  We ordered this bc it was recommended.  I love salty food and this was waaaay too salty, not even good salty.  Our waitress was nice about it and took it back, later she said the chef agreed it was too salty and apologized.  What was even classy of them is they took it off our tab and gave us a free dessert.  I don't remember the name of the dessert but it was yummy, the best thing we ate here besides the corn.Grilled street corn- ok I don't know why we ordered this when you can get this for a buck at a swapmeet.  But it was deelish, nice and buttery.Grilled chicken tacos- we were warned these were tiny and yup they're tiny, smaller than street tacos! We wanted to order the short rib entree but they were sold out that night :-(  So overall, this place isn't horrible.  Maybe we ordered the wrong dishes but we just weren't impressed and prob wouldn't go back if we were in town again.
5	During a work outing after a hard week, we stopped by to grab dinner on the boss and boy would I have payed double whatever the bill was!  Everything was awesome!! The server seemed quiet but it was a larger group so the need to stop by was frequent and I think she didn't want to keep interrupting which I find to be a great quality.  Nothing worse than a server popping in Avery 5 minutes asking if everyone is ok.... Except a server that never pops in I suppose lol.  But she was great.  The food was awesome. The place wasn't too loud and someone else paid for the meal!  Can't go wrong with any of that!!
4	Great food, great service, and worth every dollar.  Came here at the end of our multi-state, multi-canyon tour and had to find a restaurant that was open late since we'd be arriving at Phoenix late.  The Mission was a great find.  The food was bursting with flavors and Jemar, our server, was friendly and knowledgeable.  Would definitely come here again the next time we come in town.  The only reason I took off one star was because it's a bit noisy for us.
1	Second time here last Sunday, and pretty sure I got a mild intestinal bug (as did my husband). Ugh. The Sunday brunch pig out is the likely culprit.
5	Food and wine abound here. The outside is charming an looks like an old Spanish mission so the name is appropriate. There is a parking lot directly across the street if you can't find parking in front. The bar is very nice and the bartenders very attentive. I'm a red wine lover and the selection is decent. The place is candle lit and very romantic if you're in need of a date destination. It's nice to have a drink at the bar while munching in some table side guacamole (highly recommended). The patio is a different feel and is awesome if the weather is nice. I ordered the pork shoulder and green pozole. They also have an amazing kale salad (I'm a sucker for kale). Definitely go when you have time and not in a rush. If it's not too packed the bar is a gem.
4	Having only sampled  the appetizers / small plates can't comment on the signature dishes but the services is great, bar area is comfy if not at times crowded and the patio is great, the few items I've tried were very good.
5	Wonderful service, atmosphere, and menu. The "missionary" is half margarita/red sangria- unique and very good. I have had a great experience every time I've gone.
5	Quite possibly the best drinks I've ever had.  As a Seattle guy, I miss it already.  Great service and beautiful decor inside and out.  Can't remember the names of our servers, but I wish I could give you huge kudos.  Next time, we shall.
5	I went here on the 4th of July, which was an extremely busy night. Most of the restaurants in Old Town Scottsdale were closed for the holiday, but luckily we found this gem. Ordinarily we wouldn't have been able to get seated quickly without a reservation, but they had a table for two opened up that they said was reserved in an hour and a half, which is plenty enough for dinner. The service was great and quick. We got the tableside guacamole to start, which was prepared right in front of us! Our main course arrived about 30 seconds after the guacamole was finished, which was strange, but we didn't complain. We got the pork shoulder tacos which comes with corn tortillas on a salt block. I found this a really interesting concept. You would just rub the tortilla on the block and the salt would transfer. The pork was so juicy and the sweet sauce that came with it was divine. We ordered the Guatemalan chocolate pastilla, which was probably the most unpleasant part of the meal, even though it tasted fine. It sort of looked like poop, which was unnerving. Lol. But the rest of the food was amazing, and I definitely would recommend this place. Pricey, but worth it.
4	Highly recommended for Latin American food, but make reservations.  We went for dinner on 4th of July.   The dining area was pretty dark, but I later realized it was because we were outside and our eyes needed time to adjust.  I loved the black chandeliers everywhere.  Very lively atmosphere.I started off with the Watermelon Basil mojito.  Very refreshing!  The table next to us had ordered the tableside guacamole so although we had chips, salsa and guacamole for a snack earlier in the day, we had to get some.   We ordered medium spice and it had a good kick to it.  They do make it in front of you and for 2 people, it was a whole lot of guacamole!  For appetizers, we ordered the Duck Confit Empanadas, which ended up sounding better than it tasted.  It was not the pie crust dough like most empanadas.  Instead, it was like crispy wontons.  The crust was overcooked and it came with a sweet sauce so I felt like I was eating Chinese food instead of Latin American.  That was a disappointment!By then, we were pretty full so although we ordered two types of tacos, we ended up canceling one.  We just had the Mahi Mahi tacos which were Tecata battered with a nice sauce.  It came with 3 street size tacos.  It was delicious.  The table next to us ordered the Pork Shoulder tacos which serves for 2.  That looked good as well as it came with a whole chunk of braised pork.  If we were hungry, we would have ordered that.  Overall, service was great.  Enjoyed most of the food and drinks.  If it wasn't for the duck empanadas, I would have given them 5 stars.
5	Love this place!  The atmosphere is gorgeous. Great place for a date or evening out with girlfriends. It's a bit noisy but the vibe is very lively and trendy. The food is sooo good. It's upscale Latin food. Everything on the menu is amazing. Pork tacos are delicious and the drinks are tasty.
5	Went here w/ a group of friends right before closing time, but the staff was still very friendly and willing to hang out late so we could eat. The table side guacamole is a MUST! I consider myself somewhat of a guac expert and I have never had it any better!  I thoroughly enjoyed the steak tacos. The meat had the most amazing flavor!Primarita was a great, skinny margarita!
4	Enjoyed dinner here for the second time. Small restaurant focused on customer service. This gourmet Mexican food touches the pallet in a delectable fashion. The salsa is fresh; you can choose from mild, medium, hot, verde, and chipotle. The mahi mahi tacos come grilled or breaded. The Alaskan halibut was cooked perfectly. The server studied the menu well and was able to answer all the questions at the table with ease. Great location in the heart of old town. Car service is always ready outside. Great for a relaxing evening, or a good dinner before a night on the town.
4	Loved the atmosphere and the table side guacamole!  The wait was a pain although it was a Friday night so i was asking for it! Service was great despite how busy they were! Definitely recommend! Will return soon!
5	On a business trip and our hotel recommended the mission. It lived up to the hype, we had table side guacamole and salsa, then went for the torreados (I think I'm still sweating), and then got down on a brisket tortas which had a great blend of flavors. A little pricey for lunch though.
4	Just moved here from the east coast, and came to the mission as a sort of celebratory dinner with my family. I could not have been more pleased with the service AND the food. The meats are delectable and the bread pudding is phenomenal.
1	I've been here about 10 times and I would have to say the quality has really dropped dramatically in the last month or so really disappointed I'll try back in a month or 2 because I really want to like this place
5	This is a must dine experience while in Scottsdale.  The table side Guacamole is the best my family has ever eaten.  My kids devoured the crispy pork & cola lime glaze.  The pork shoulder that my son and I shared was heavenly.  My daughter found the Mahi Mahi Tacos fantastic.  The best fish tacos that she has ever eaten.  The Pumpkin bread pudding and fried bananas for desert were exceptional.  I have been to the mission several times for business, and I have never been disappointed.
1	I was drawn to this Yelp page by a highlighted review that said "medium priced" so I went to their yuppie-shmuppie, faux-mexican, overpriced menu.  I remembered the slogan of the now defunct Karem's from my childhood in San Antonio:  "Mexican food don't cost nuthin".Read these reviews and if faus gras empanadas and watermelon basil mojitos appeal to you, go for it.  I am going to La Canasta or Los Dos Molinos.
5	As always, it was out of this world delicious.  The customer service was outstanding too!
5	My friends and I came here for my birthday and loved it. It is a little pricey, but you get quality food that tastes delicious. I highly recommend the tableside guacamole and corn (on the cob). If you're a foie gras fan like me, the duck carnitas empanadas are not to be missed. We finished it all off with the pork shoulder tacos and mahi mahi tacos. It was all great for sharing and I would definitely go back to explore more of the menu.
3	The atmosphere is very "Scottsdale" and upper-class. I would suggest wearing formal-casual attire at the minimum, but that is just my opinion. The food was pretty good, the the price was not commensurate with the quality. You are paying a high price for the atmosphere, and that it about it.
2	Let's see, it's loud. Stupid loud. My server miss heard or fucked up my order horrendously. The server said she had worked there for six years. Acted like a rookie. I had to flag some body down because they left us with no chips once the guacamole was made. Then again to get the ice tea my friend ordered. I felt neglected. Then he took our guacamole before we finished eating it. She told me that she would serve the mahi ahi tacos to a five year old. I agree. Why beer batter a great fish like that? It tasted frozen or pre-packaged. From a restaurant that isn't a chain I was sorely disappointed. Let us be honest. The portions are great for skinny Scottsdale courtesans, however like most terrible Mexican places, I filled up on the chips. Maybe I just had a bad night. When I return I expect better service. I want to be impressed by the food. Till then, only two stars.The pros: pretty decor, nice salt wall, and bar is well stocked.
5	Oh my goodness this place blew me away! I'm from El Paso, Tx where we seem to have tacos down ... Or so I thought! I ordered the guacamole as an appetizer... A few minutes later they have a chef walk out with the food cart to ask you your preference in spice.. Mild to spicy (which is a nice touch)  They prepare in front of your table. It was DELICIOUS! It has it's owns taste ... Then to my surprise the experience only got better! The chicken tacos were THE BEST tacos I've had! VERY FLAVORFUL .. I was very impressed with the ambience and authenticity of the restaurant as well.  As a Hispanic I not only know good Mexican food but I know great service and it was at the mission. THANK YOU!
5	Amazing! Short rib tacos were some of the best I've had. Lunch wasn't as busy as I thought it would be. Service was excellent.
5	The food was great ! Maybe not the chicken tacos but everything else was delicious! From the moment we walked in it was a great experience. Our server was absolutely fantastic such a kind man with excellent tips about the food! Thanks for the great experience, Angel! (I think that is his name) a complimentary bread pudding with vanilla ice cream, pomergrante a & pumpkin seeds! Yum!
4	Really fun restaurant with great flavors.We started with the kale salad (yummy), followed by the flat iron steak and sides of torreados (blistered peppers) which were to die for, and chipotle grits.  Service was wonderful -- when we couldn't decide between two desserts (the fried bananas with peanut butter and the pumpkin bread pudding), our server brought us both!Cocktails are also great -- especially those with tequila.  :)  The cucumber jalepeno margarita was excellent.Ambience is a little dark/clubby for the desert but comfortable.Definitely worth it for a night out!Tami
5	Oh wow.  This was a culinary experience that I will never forget.  I am so glad I found this restaurant."The Mission" is next door to The Mission -- that is, the original Spanish Mission from 1905 or so in Scottsdale.  They are not related as far as ownership, but share a similar style.The restaurant is absolutely beautiful.  Dim chandeliers, and lights hidden behind warm quartz rock and crystals, and gothic decorations, lots of mirrors, crosses, and an angel in the middle of the restaurant.The servers here are all very friendly and positive.  We had a reservation for the wrong date, but they were able to accommodate us even though we had it wrong. The bar is lively, as is the rest of the restaurant.  Lots of couples on dates, men discussing business, and groups of girls doing a "girls night out", all dressed up. The food was fantastic.  The small tacos were perfect portion sizes, and the kale salad was spicy and unique and delicious.  The drinks were all great.  Cannot recommend this restaurant enough.  Really a fun time and a great date spot.
3	My first visit here was a great!  The second was so-so.  This time we had to eat on the back patio. There were like a lot of flies were buzzing around the food.  Also seemed a little dated.
4	Went for thhe first time yesterday.  The wait staff is exceptional and knowledgeable.  Our table was comfy and well situated.  The margaritas were quite nice and well made.  The guac was good but not spicy enough, BUT the women asked for it medium.  The duck empanada was enough for 3 people.  One person had street tacos and they were quite tasty. One person had the filet BUT was quite small ( +-3-4 oz for $35).   I had short ribs which were tasty but a again very small portion.   The coffee and chocolate desert was exceptional.    The negatives are the price point is quite high.  I am not complaining but a bit more food on the entrees is warrented.  Ill go again but it wont be weekly thing,  $270 for 3 people is not a weekly venture.
5	I love this restaurant! I have never ordered anything that wasn't yummy. Some of my favorites: Almejas Al Vapor, Pork Shoulder Tacos, Crispy Pork Belly. The restaurant  is very cozy, especially the front patio by the fire in the winter. The service is friendly and professional. Eat here!
5	The best Mexican food I have ever had!  I had chicken tacos, husband had steak tacos. Pumpkin bread pudding was off the hook!  Service 5 stars!  Definitely will be coming back!!
2	To put it concisely, the food was tiny & weird, though they do get props for excellent decor.The place looks nice, there's no denying it. There's an obvious theme going on, low-light interior with candles on every surface, around a dozen and a half ornate chandeliers, crosses on the back wall to tie in with the actual Spanish Mission. It's going for dark & solemn, and it hits the mark, so kudos for that.The food, though...I mean, I suppose my group and I should have been prepared for pretentious presentation and ridiculously small portions, given that this is Scottsdale, but seriously, when the food came out, we looked at each other, had a bit of a moment, all clearly baffled by how little we each had on our plates. It tasted alright, and was artfully plated, but still, far too small.And it wasn't only the portions; part of the problem, at least for me personally, was what they tried to pass off as a salad. It was maybe five slivers of onion, a few itty bitty greens, and half a dozen extremely thin-sliced tomatillas. This was all sprinkled over my flat iron steak and repeatedly referred to by the waitress as a salad. It was not a salad. It was a garnish that they tried to talk up as a very fancy salad so they could justify charging $30 for the meal.My group and I will not be returning. We're happy to visit our usual Mexican restaurant haunts. But hey, in an attempt to end on a happy note, I'd like to mention that the service was awesome. The hostesses were welcoming, our waters were refilled probably 7 or 8 times, our waitress was very friendly and attentive, and a manager checked on us halfway through the meal.Maybe we should have told the manager that the food was tiny and weird...oh well.
5	It takes a lot for me to be blown away and to be convinced of true authenticity, but this award winning chef and restaurant nailed it!Dim lighting, gothic, mid evil style chandeliers line the ceiling as you enter the dining room, and you have an immediate sense of the caliber of cuisine. We sat in the outdoor patio which was glowing with twinkling lights and white table cloths draped the tables. I also appreciated that there was plenty of air to keep you cool on a hot August desert night. The true flavoring and fresh ingredients were so mouth watering and unique that it continued to impress at every bite. The smells, the textures, the surprise at every dish was truly an experience. Our table enjoyed a variety of entrees from the fresh mahi tacos, corn on the Cobb, kale salad, and of course grazed on some fresh, handmade table side guacamole! Phenomenal existence of this restaurant, and I can truly say one of my favorite cuisine experiences!
5	From the moment we stepped in, our experience was outstanding. Reservation confirmed via phone, promptly seated, and perfect lighting in a historic building. Our server was well spoken and very knowledgeable, but most of all he was attentive. The food was among the best upscale Latin cuisine I've encountered. It's an insult to call this a Mexican restaurant, because people will go in expecting Spanish rice and chimichangas. Instead, you have the pleasure of dining on pork confit with cilantro inside a fresh tortilla warmed on a salt block at your table. Just a wonderful experience from top to bottom.  Bravo!
4	We had reservations and still waited over 30 minutes for a table.. while that may have taken away a star, a busy restaurant is a good restaurant, no? The fresh guacamole was yummy, and the pork belly app is to die for. I could have eaten more than one order of those and my mouth is actually watering thinking about them. Drinks were a little pricey, but they were good. Restaurant is really sexy- great for a date night, but hard to hear (it was loud!) the portions are small so order up.
4	it was good.  guac was good.  menu was a bit limited though.
4	Great food. Nice setting. I had the Jodie Chicken which was extremely well seasoned. It was served on a fantastic paella like rice smothered with Oaxaca cheese.... sounds rich but this was delightful to my palette.  The table side guacamole is a must.  We had it spicy and it set the tone for a flavorful meal to follow.  ....this is definitely a place to revisit.  The wait staff was very knowledgeable, attentive and helpful.
4	We decided to venture "off campus" while staying at The Phoenician and The Mission came highly recommended.  We ended up on the back patio which was comfortable despite the heat!  Service was amazing and the food was fantastic.  We opted for the table-side guac (obvs) and an array of tacos.  My husband and I are taco lovers and we both agreed, these were the best we had had in AGES.  We were with a kiddo but The Mission would be a great destination for a girls night out or a super fun date night.  Highly recommend.
5	OMG. One if the best meals in Scottsdale.  Started with table side guacamole made on the spicy side - perfect. margarita Cattalac was perfect. Then the skirt steak follow by the churros with side if milk shake -  perfect. By far the most satisfying and tasteful meal!!I highly recommend The Mission. I WILL be back.
5	This place is amazing!  Went there last night with three of my girlfriends.  The Pozole is incredible.  You must order this!  It's robust flavors will make your taste buds dance with glee!  Their tacos may be small, but they have BIG flavor.  If you order tacos as your main course, be sure to add a collection of sides.  I suggest the white and black bean puree, the chipotle honey creamy grits and the street corn.  For desert, you absolutely need to order the pumpkin bread pudding.  Don't leave without ordering the pumpkin bread pudding.  I mean it!  Call ahead for a reservation because this place gets busy and you may not get a table otherwise.  Love The Mission!
4	I went to the Mission during restaurant week.  The food was so good and the service was ok.  I know its restaurant week but there was really no one there.  But I would highly recommend going.
5	Highly recommend the guacamole, street tacos & 5 pepper soup. Love the ambience... Warm, elegant and always inviting!
4	Found this restaurant on a Yelp search...was in town for the weekend with a girlfriend and wanted good food, and fun atmosphere. The Mission was both!We liked the cocktail choices, but asked if the bartender would make slight changes (vodka instead of tequila) and they were happy to oblige , and were delicious. Had a pineapple/mint with ginger combo...tasty with Vodka. We shared the table made guacamole which was good, not spectacular like some reviews here ...and we shared the pulled pork tacos for two. Yes the homemade tortillas are small (about 2 1/2 in. diameter) but there was plenty of the pork, and very delicious. Came with sides of roasted tomato salsa, a honey bar b que sause, onions and cilantro...the tortillas are kept warm on a warm block of salted rock..it was lit from underneath somehow. Creative and pretty presentation. Plenty of food for two women who didn't want to be stuffed. Waitress was sweet, helpful , pretty and smiled each time she spoke to us and served us. Bar and restaurant were full on a friday night with a younger, energetic crowd. Happy we went! Enjoy!
4	Best Mexican food ever!  Awesome atmosphere as well, drinks were excellent. If I had to be picky, I would say the servers were a little slow to bring fresh drinks.
5	I was in Phoenix for some business meetings and it was recommended that we check this place out for dinner.  We decided to go here for some appetizers and drinks since it was still early and then head out to another recommended restaurant later.The food: We ordered the Table side guac and the crispy pork w/cola lime glaze.  The guac was excellent, and we couldn't get enough, but the real surprise was the salsa that they brought over when we got there.  This salsa was AWESOME.  The waitress mentioned that they roast the tomatoes and make their own salsa at the restaurant.  If I thought for a second I could get it on the plane home I would have asked her give me a cup of it for the road.  SO GOOD.  Then we had the crispy pork, which was a perfectly cooked pork belly thing with sweet barbecue type sauce (but better!) on it.  So good.  We should have stayed here and had dinner instead of going somewhere else.  After we finished dinner at the other restaurant I suggested (only half joking) that we go back to The Mission and have a second dinner... but it was too late.The decor of the restaurant was really cool, very dark.  Unfortunately, I was there with another male co-worker, so the ambiance was a bit wasted on us...I highly recommend.  If I am ever in the area again, I'm definitely staying for dinner!
5	Amazing food, especially the Peruvian soup
4	Great little latin place..The pozole is excellent, highly recommend it, as is the table-side made guacamole (even though that's a little gimmicky and it took forever to get). The flat iron was very well cooked and really flavorful, paired perfectly with the charred leaks and little tomatilla salad but the portion was very small.I'd come back if I'm in the area but I wouldn't go out of my way for it.
4	Jamar is saving this account their dumbass manager. Their manager has horrible customer service he is an ass and I can't believe he has a good job. This place is beautiful but come on- ure in the industry and u gotta talk to ppl and not lie about seating. Jamar is the man- a great server. The free samples of marg are tasty. Hands down the Margs are the best I've had for a while. The salsa is delish!!!!! The tacos and chips and salsa are great. This is coming from a huge Mexican food  fan ( born and raised in Cali) and good is delish!
4	Caution: this place is dark, very very dark, watch out your steps!Another check off on my foodie list, pleasantly surprised with everything here!Shrimp Anticuchos. -  Great start! A lot of bold flavors on a 3-shrimp skewer, do not skip it!Chorizo Porchetta - A very rich dish for my taste, as it was recommended by our waiter. A big piece of pork shoulder had probably 35% of fat on a bed of chorizo, I got full after finishing barely half of it. If you have a big appetite, give it a shotMalbec Braised Short rib - the guys finished this without any left, i guess this is enough said.Espresso churro with milk shake - This is such a cute dessert, perfect to share for 3 people. Milk shake was good, though I didn't think the churro was flavorful enough as it called 'espresso churro', and they were quite oily. Overall our experience was great, every single dish was prepared well with very nice presentation, I call them photogenic kind of dish. Service was great, high noisy level and dark, very dark....
4	Short and simple. The food is worth it and the ambience is perfect for a date night. If you're looking for the wow factor then please make a reservation at The Mission. Bread pudding was to die for. Our server was pretty bad but he might have just been having an off night. Definitely worth checking out for a special night out.
4	Reservations definitely recommended on the weekends and very LOUD in the main room most of the time. The patio is our preference when it cools down. I suppose the main LOUD room would be a good place for that "it's not me it's you" conversation, because everybody is already screaming at each other to be heard when the drinks start flowing.Wonderful quieter helpful service on the patio, excellent food, smaller size portions, good guac and chips made at your table for another $12, it adds up fast here but tasty. Really enjoyed the Shaved Kale Salad with heirlooms, blood orange, goat cheese & marcona almondsThe dish we are still talking about was a soup appetizer, Almejas Al Vapor, a Peruvian clam stew with rock shrimp, chorizo, pan de yucca, just fantastic.So if you are trying to keep the bill down just have soup and salad and some of their excellent Sangria. Otherwise we had the Grouper which was a very small serving and a little overcooked, and the Pork Shoulder was excellent but again not a very large serving for the price. So be careful as you may leave here poorer and still hungry if you don't fill up on the better appetizers in our experience.We are STILL talking about the Peruvian clam stew, best sopa on a two week busyness trip/vacation, do it.
5	Definitely make a reservation and be prepared for the darkness inside - kind of noisy too. If you don't mind those things, this place is amazing. The service is top-notch and our server (Tony, I believe) recommended some great dishes. In fact, we ordered pretty much everything he suggested and loved it all. First, the tableside guac. SO good. We got medium and wished we got spicy as it was barely spicy, but it was still delicious. Huge chunks of avocado and the chips are amazing - and the salsa is unique and tasty. They're also very generous with extra baskets of chips. I had a couple of their signature Primaritas, which were delicious and the rest of the drink menu looked great as well.For entrees, we ordered the marinated jaribo chicken and the chorizo porchetta. I only tried the rice from the chicken dish, because apparently it was too good to share :) The porchetta is a generous portion and very rich, but incredible. The edges are so crispy and amazing and the garlic sauce is great. We were too stuffed for dessert, unfortunately.It is a little pricey, but very worth it.  Fantastic place for a cozy date night - can't wait to go back!
5	As a disclaimer, I was here for an event so I'm not sure how it is on a regular night, but wow did I ever have fun! We were greeted by friendly staff and directed to the tequila tasting, then to the bar for our complimentary beverage. The drink was delicious, with well balanced flavours and a boozy kick that didn't overpower the taste completely. There was a dried chili in my drink that I was exceptionally tempted to eat, but I think I would likely have no tongue left had I done that!I was introduced to some lovely people at the event, and spent some time chatting and enjoying the atmosphere; The Mission has a very carefully balanced feel that straddles the line between hip and old world in a charming and successful way. There were some unreasonably delicious snacks served too - crunchy tortilla chips with a salsa that tasted like it had been roasted and sprinkled with fairy dust, and the best guacamole of my life. No joke. Locals likely have a lot more experience than I do, but as a Brit who moved to Vancouver I haven't experienced a lot that have blown my socks off. Now, I wasn't wearing socks the night I went to The Mission, but when I got home all of my socks were in disarray; I think you get the picture! The guac was rich, creamy, and incredibly fresh tasting with a plethora of yummy tastes that all danced together in a happy boogie. Go try it immediately! I had a look at the full menu after the event as I was hungry for more Latin food, but I found most of the prices to be quite expensive. I'll be back for sure, but it will definitely be a special treat!
2	I'm not sure how a place that has "loud" "energetic" and "vibrant" in almost every review decides that MY party was the loud one, but being threatened to be kicked out of a restaurant is not how my dinners usually go.Yep. the food is good, if overpriced.Yep, we had a couple of cocktails.But we were seated in the BAR-clearly the noisiest part of the entire building and my friend was approached in the BATHROOM (really?) by the manager and told we needed to quiet down. Same manager came to our table a bit later and told us that he had received complaints about our noise level and that we needed to decide if we were going to quiet down and stay, or "shake hands and part friends right now". WOW-pretentious much???If I'd had a gaggle of bubble-headed Scottsdale Barbies with me maybe I'd have no reason to make a complaint, but the youngest person in my "party" was 32 and the oldest 80...how noisy could we have been???So, thanks for buzzkilling my birthday party.
2	The kale salad with chicken was disappointing. It's a pile of shaved kale without much else. The chicken is tasty, but there isn't much on there. All things considered, I think the food is overpriced. I wouldn't recommend it to a friend.
5	Yum
5	We came here for a nice lunch during a weekend trip from Chicago. We sat on the beautiful back patio. We ordered tableside guacamole as well as the pork and fish tacos. They were great!! Our server was Angel, who was so kind and attentive. He gave us great recommendations on both margarita and food choices. We couldn't have asked for better service. By the far the best Mexican food we've had in Arizona! Angel also raved about their brunches where they smoke a whole pig and everyone can make their own tacos - which sounded great. Would definitely come back for brunch, lunch, or dinner!
5	This place was amazing, I could not complain from food to drinks everything was good fresh and flavorful !!!!!!
5	One of the best restaurants we have ever been to! Service, drinks and food were excellent and exceeded our expectations. We will def. be back on our next trip to AZ.
5	I often feel higher priced Mexican restaurants or overrated (why go expensive when you can go to filibertos?? ;);)) but the mission took mexican food to another level... maybe it was the ginger cilantro margarita and flights of tequila that made it all taste so good... but I was in taco guacamole heaven. We had the mahi, sweet potato, and pork shoulder tacos and the were each extremely unique and delectable. I loooooved the green/verde salsa they served on the side and the two different reds were amazing as well. The waitress suggested the corn and grits as sides and I was somewhat annoyed by her persistence to have us order more more more, but I'm happy we listened! Grits seem to be MIA in most breakfast spots in AZ (east coast I never have a problem finding it) so I was surprised to see it on a dinner menu..and excited to know they were chipotle spiced grits... no words.. so good. The corn was mouth watering and I realllllly hope it wasn't just soaked in butter, but they tasted awfully creamy-yum yum yummm!We got the expresso soaked churros fordessert and I wasn't in love with them-they weren't overly flavorful and looked kind of sad. However, the fried bananas were to die for and came with a peanut butter mousse that made me catch my breath... :):) Back Patio was nice except we were seated next to a huge fan.... bleh. kind of an ambience killer, but the food made up for it.
4	First I will apologize for the dark photos, but this place is UNLIT. Just factual, but a close friend in the restaurant biz once said, "Don't eat anything you can't see". She would never eat here, I guess. Waiters have a pocket light for your use, though. For menu, not food (unless you want that). I am probably a lot more forgiving of small portions because of all my NYC meals. The quality of every ingredient here was top-notch. We started with wings, eight wing tip only pieces, in a spicy sweet sauce. Perfect cook on the wings but not much for the money. Flavor was yummy, so we forgave the size. We needed room anyways. We had the pork shoulder tacos for two. One issue, it came with this TINY tray of cheese, cilantro and onion.  Like a tablespoon of each. For ten tacos. The homemade taco shells were 3" in diameter. You got ten of these for two people. The delicious sauce was supplied in ONE small dish. Not everyone likes sharing dirty spoons, so my biggest suggestion would be two servings of toppings and sauce for the $32 price, I mean really. Its sounding negative but I will tell you this, the pork shoulder meat, fork tender, was the single best piece of the pig I have ever had. Worth every cent. We had lots left over. No toppings left, because well, most stuck to the spoon. The pumpkin bread pudding was good, lots of crunchy bits that we couldn't see so was worrisome at times. This is AZ, you know. The street corn is also worth the visit. Spicy and hot with cheese and sauce soaking it. You have to try this. So, my advice to make tis the best night EVER, have lots of money in your pocket and no bills due. Sit outside and book early (you will need reservations which you can make on their website), and ask for extra toppings if you need them, do not be shy. And do not waste this place on a so-so date. Save it for "the one".  Great wait staff, really A-1.
3	I came here around 9pm this past Thursday night. I was annoyed because after waiting 45 minutes, the hostess said we would be seated in a few minutes, but she forgot about us. After another 15 minutes, we went back again to the desk after seeing other parties seated ahead of us, and they realized they forgot and quickly sat us at a table inside that was empty for the entire time we were standing there. Hungry and frustrated after 1 hour, I'm docking them 1 star.Once we were seated, the food was great. The elote corn was really good, it was this sweet cream butter (tasted almost like caramel) on top of the cob, cut in half. The crispy pork with cola lime glaze was also really good- little pieces of juicy pork, sweet with a nice smear of this nutty paste inside a lettuce wrap. These were the 2 best dishes I would get again.The guacamole was pretty standard, they put garlic, lemon, tomatoes, onions, cilantro and some cheese on top. They only use one avocado, for $12 I didn't think it was worth it. The mission fries were skinny fries served with two sauces- we couldn't finish this, but they were good fries and filling.I'll probably come back for the food, but hope the front desk service improves or they start taking reservations.
5	The Mission is an upscale Mexican place with a great atmosphere and ambiance.  We waited for a table at the bar and while waiting ordered a bottle of "Slingshot" Cabernet.  The wine was quite good and our wait was short.  We headed out to a small table outside (the only downfall was that the tree was shedding leaves a bit).  The weather was perfect and the service was even better.  We had the table side guacamole for an appetizer and it was delicious.  I had the Florida Grouper for dinner and the boyfriend had the Chorizo Porchetta.  The plates were beautifully decorated (I know that's not important...) and the food was full of flavor and cooked perfectly. The Grouper was perfectly seared and the Porchetta had a delicious flavor of their chorizo.  We were too full to order dessert but the dinner was just plain delicious.  A++. Perfect date night.
1	How does anyone consider this over-priced slop good Mexican food. May want to try actually going to MX or just come out to NYC.
1	This place epitomizes the word overrated. The food was a bit too "fusion" for my taste. We ordered the scallops, grouper and duck confit, and all were underwhelming. Too many flavors going on, no cohesion. We also ordered the skirt steak tacos. The handmade tortillas were quite good, but the steak tasted smokey, almost like bacon. Nothing like I thought or was described. Our waitress seemed like she just started working there. Whenever we asked her questions, she answered awkwardly with hesitation. At the end of our meal, she didn't ask us if we liked the food. I'm surprised that she is working in fine dining. Seems like she would be better fit at a sports bar.Maybe I am spoiled from living in Portland, but, overall, I would not recommend this place.
1	Swanky ambiance, pretty waitresses and the place was packed. That's usually a good sign. Unfortunately the best part of the meal was the nachos at Bootleggers down the block while waiting for our table. The food at the mission did not come together for any of us. I had the duck confit with mole .... It was weird. More like fried chicken with overly sweet plum sauce. The meals were a little too all over the place for my liking. Drinks were ok. Very overrated and underwhelming. "Broken plate concepts" for sure...
5	We went for Dinner there on wednesday night and I have to say it was one the better experiences I have had. The restaurant is part of an existing mission on the left. The interior is just the way I love it, dark, cozy and cool.We chose the outside patio, since the weather was perfect. our waitress Nicole was courteous, knowledgeable and gave us advice on the drinks and the food.We started with spicy margarita, fresh lime juice, good tequila, agava and a dash of jalepeno. Yummi - but be careful, they are strong!We shared an appetizer of Crispy Pork & Cola Lime Glaze - excellent.For dinner I had the Grouper, which was a near perfect 10. My friend had Salmon which was great as well.We enjoyed some white wine from Austria - great recommendation by Nicole.The one thing we did not eat, but wished we did, was the table side guacamole. Oh well next time, since I will be back for sure.
5	Not quite sure where to begin. One of the best restaurants I have ever been to. The food,Service, and owner were unbelievable. The best trained staff I have seen in a long time. The spice combinations the chef uses are phenomenal.  This is a must stop if near here. We had everything from duck to the filet ..... Unbelievable.
5	Restaurant is beautiful. Food can be pricey but is very good. Service was okay. I Recommend a reservation.
4	There are 800+ reviews at "The Mission" for a legit reason, the place is really good.You can come here casually and chill on the patio or go inside for a more classy, intimate environment. This restaurant truly provides an amazingly tasty experience and from what we were told, hosts a renoun chef. Now take what I'm saying with a grain of salt, I am not hispanic so if you are looking for 100% authenticity it might not be here However, this food is still amazingly tasty. Definitely a bit pricy, but for a tourist you should definitely come by here if you are in Old town scottsdale.
4	Great brunch.  Flavorful food.  Nice margarita selection.   Brisket sandwich is awesome.  Homemade guacamole.  Yum.
5	The Mission is such a fun, delicious spot! I went there for my second time on Saturday night and thoroughly enjoyed every minute. We got to sit out on the back patio in the beautiful evening weather that was decorated with little white lights. Once again I wish I remembered our server's name because he was on point. He greeted our table and shared with us some restaurant and personal favorites without missing a beat on the ingredients in each dish.I started with the white wine sangria which was good, grapefruity in my opinion but I still liked it. Our table ordered the table side guacamole and the crispy pork & cola lime glaze as our appetizers. The table side guac is a MUST. They make it right there with about 12 ingredients (I think that's what our server said). It's fresh and creamy, just the way guac should be. The crispy pork & cola lime glaze was amazing and recommended as a restaurant favorite. It was something you can only find at the Mission, which I find important. For my main dish, I ordered the Tecate Skirt Steak tacos and my boyfriend got the Pork Shoulder Tacos. The little corn tortillas they prepare are yummy and in house, which is awesome. My steak tacos had a nice grill smokey taste to them. They serve three small, street style tacos but they fill you up quicker than you realize. I recommend ordering a side with the tacos however. My boyfriend and I split the grilled street corn appetizer off the cob as our side. That corn might have been my most favorite dish all night. The pork shoulder was succulent and prepared perfectly.One of the gentlemen I was with called the place "froo-froo Mexican." I have to agree, it's upscale Mexican but don't let the deter you from trying it out because the flavor profiles and combinations are unique and phenomenal. Be sure to go when you're willing to spend some money so you get the full experience of The Mission!!
3	Great drinks, great ambiance, beautiful restaurant.  Everything looked delicious as we were waiting for our table. We pumped for some tacos.We ordered guacamole, which was the best we've ever had.  We ordered the duck empanada, expecting a bite or two for each of us.  What came out totally killed our appetite and we promptly got the check and left.  The serving was huge. So rich, and so big.   We couldn't finish it and had no appetite for anything else.  Something has to be done about that empanada.  The server should have told us it was as big as a giant size taco bell burrito.  It should have been 1/5 the size.  I don't mean to sound like my dad here either. He is famous for wanting to split 1 oyster among 4 people and then get the check.  Would com here again but that duck empanada just killed the night for us.
5	Great place , sat on the patio the Guacomole was really good The Grouper and the Duck were excellent, then had The French Press. We had a fantastic server Jake I highly recommend this place. Great atmosphere, great food and personal service.
4	PROS: Fun, romantic environment, very intimate and cozy (great place for a third date or special occasion). Very helpful and attentive service. AMAZZZZZING PUMPKIN BREAD PUDDING!!! I don't know if it's just seasonal, but anytime of the year it would be a treat! We had the MAHI MAHI TACOS and the SHORT RIB TACOS. Both were savory, but much smaller than we expected (think medallion size), and the short ribs could have been more tender. They were a bit dry, but still tasty. CONS: TABLE-SIDE GUACAMOLE. If you have a low tolerance for spicy flavors, definitely get mild or not spicy at all. We ordered the medium, and it was wayyyy to spicy, practically inedible for us. The PORTION sizes were far too small and the food was expensive for what was on the plate. Also, the MIMOSA was ok, but was a bit strong. I was expecting more orange juice with a splash of champagne and maybe a strawberry, but this was champagne with a splash of orange juice.
4	08.30.14Cute spot for brunch. A dark contrast to the blazing sun outside. Great cocktails (and the waiter is extremely knowledgeable and can recommend some delicious drinks).Must order: tableside guacamole. Just do it.If you like steak, order the Tecate Marinated Skirt Steak. Make sure you add an egg. They may throw in an extra egg, just for kicks. Accept this gift.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-mission-scottsdale?select=m4ERxBHYvOyp4rsMGkjorw#m4ERxBHYvOyp4rsMGkjorw
5	Had my 32nd bday party here on the elegant outside patio. Everything from the menu, service, food, wine list  and ambiance was perfect. I absolutely loved the table side guacomole !!!!! It's a must have and I could have eaten it for a meal and been happy.
3	Sat at the bar...great bartender, very friendly. I am a fan of sitting at the bar at most establishments whenever possible because I feel the service is better. Plus, if I am solo, I don't feel so awkward. The guac was decent. The short rib tacos were very good but tiny. My bloody mary was nice and spicy, just like me. The espresso churros I got to end the meal were a more generous portion and where quite good. I liked the decor of The Mission also. I would give it a 3.5, however I am rounding down to 3 because of the price (yelp should consider half-stars).
4	We had a really wonderful dinner here....and not only because our waiter could easily have been a model... he was lovely and sadly I've already forgotten his name. I digress... While I was in town for a conference we heard this place was awesome. On a side note, the bathroom is super cool... We ate out on the patio & they are so nice they even set down cloth napkins for us to set our purses on (is this an out west thing?) Anyhow, we all ordered various specialty drinks and we were all pleased with out choices. We started off with the quac, which they make table side. It was delicious and the chips were also good. The quac is spicy because they do put jalapenos in it if you like (which we did!). I had Mahi tacos because after the quac and late lunch I wasn't particularly starving. The tacos were delicious. If you are starving, this would probably not be enough food for you, but perfect for a light meal. My dining companions were also pleased with their meals. The service was great and we never felt rushed or hurried, and they had just the right amount of attentiveness. I would eat here again if I ever roll through town again.
5	Quite honestly the best restaurant I've been to in Scottsdale.  The service, drinks, and food were all phenomenal.  Will not disappoint.
4	There's a reason that there's 800+ reviews averaging 4 stars...it's quite a dining experience, especially sitting in the outside patio section trimmed with beautiful white lights. We had a group of 7 and our waitress was menu knowledgeable and provided great recommendations (including tequila!). The guacamole was out of this world...but the entree portions are a bit small...so don't come here super hungry...or be ready to drop quite a few pretty pennies
5	The avocado margarita changed my life, It really isn't the first thing that jumps in my mind when ordering a margarita...but I have to say it was one of the tastiest blended rita's I have guzzled....yeah no lady like behavior going on here.   This place is a must experience when visiting the Southwest.  They do a wonderful job executing southwest cuisine with a modern twist.  also don't leave without trying the Elote.
4	The food was amazing. Had the guacamole and the shrimp tacos. The pablano grits are amazing. I will definitely be back.
5	Love The mission!! I have been to mission probably 10 times and everytime is great. Love the decor. Primarita Margarita is my favorite cocktail there. Less calories, but delicious and fresh. The guac is delish and my favorite is the Tecate steak tacos. Best tacos I have ever had! Ok, so there is only 3, but don't let your eyes fool your stomach. There is so much perfectly marinated meat on those 3 tacos it is the perfect amount. We went on Thanksgiving and Tom the manager made us feel especially welcome and appreciated. Usually at end of dinner I have the French Press coffee, but only at The Mission because their blend is so delicious. It's like drinking cinnamon chocolate coffee. Mission is more expensive than most Mexican restaurants,  but you can tell the food quality is extremely important to them. I have no problem paying a little more for fresh, great quality food. It's totally worth it!
4	First time visit and I'm a fan! Tried a variety of margaritas--all were good--especially the avocado. Sample several dishes and there wasn't a bad one in the bunch.  The short rib tacos really stood out.  The only drawback were the desserts.  I wasn't overly impressed with any of them, and we tried them all.  All in all, the best meal in town!
5	Went here when some of my friends from NYC came to visit me on a recommendation. And we were all very pleased. The decor is beautiful. The food excellent. Try the corn it's delicious. I had the short ribs. They were perfect!  Dessert was great! A very good experience. A bit pricey but well worth it I promise.
4	During a recent trip to Scottsdale, a few friends and I tried to make last second reservations here. Of course they had nothing available since we tried to reserve it at the last minute.  So we rolled the dice and just headed over to see if could wait it out.  We ended up waiting about 45 minutes for a table.  Not bad overall.  We started with the chips, salsa, and guacamole.  Their guacamole is absolutely delicious.  Not cheap though.  And they prepare it right at your table so you can determine what goes in, and how spicy you want it.  One friend and I shared the pork shoulder with flour tortillas.  It was delicious.  I also ordered a mojito which was also very good.  We sat out on the patio and it was a beautiful night so it was perfect.  Service was also very good.  Food is a little pricey for what it is, but in the end you get what you pay for.  Overall a very good experience.
4	My wife and I went on a Friday night and made a reservation for 2 at 8:30 at about 4:00 that same day. I looked at the menu on line and it is pricy for small plates, but so the trend goes. We stayed in Phoenix for this trip and wanted to do some shopping and Old Town Scottsdale was recommended so the search for good food began. The Mission is pretty along with all the people that work here and many of its clients. Being from LA and in our 40's we didn't feel out of place;LOL.The service was good although not outstanding, and the food was great but not a WOW experience. We had Squash tacos, Mahi tacos, Grilled Romaine Salad, Made at the Table Guacamole, and most notable the Poblano Grits. It is what it is; ENJOY.
5	Wanted to try something new. Site seems tucked away in the touristy old town, which made me happy we discovered it. Atmosphere was great, had dinner and sat on the patio with the open sky and gas fire going. Service was wonderful. The guacamole was delicious along with the pork appetizer. We also recommend the beef skewer appetizer. We added the foie gras but didn't see it added so the waitress brought out a whole new app with it at no charge. The house margarita is the best I have had in old town. Everything tastes savory, fresh and delicious.
4	Great food and service at the mission. Was happy with customer service and atmosphere of restaurant
4	Great find new The Saguaro, which was where I was staying. Tequila selection was good and the margaritas are very well made by the staff of friendly bartenders. This review is only for the bar and I did not have a full meal here. The guac was probably the best I've ever had - something like 12 ingredients are involved in making it. Ambiance was also fun and somewhat upscale trendy with the Southwest/Mexican touch.
5	Wow!  A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!  Impeccable service, nary an empty glass.  No plates hanging around after we finished with them, promptly cleared.  Manager was making the rounds making sure service was flawless.And the food.  OMG, the food!  Hands down the best homemade tortillas I've had the pleasure of experiencing!  The skirt steak tacos and flat iron steak were divine.  We both loved the Mission fries too.  Unfortunately we did not experience table side made guacamole, but judging by the 2 women moaning in ecstasy next to us, I'd say it's pretty fantastic!Margaritas were delicious, and be sure to try the crispy pork cola appetizer.  Such unique flavors, you must try it.Word to the wise, we're from Seattle and "casual" means t-shirts and jeans to us.  Needless to say, we were the only people in t-shirts and jeans on a Thursday evening.  I'd kick it up a notch if you can.
4	We  both liked this place, but I definitely like it more than my wife. Fun outdoor patio, really nice but we sat indoors. We split the grilled Romain salad which was delicious ...Yum...  especially the black beans. Whatever you do, try the Grilled Street Corn, it was the best corn we've ever eaten! The Roast Corn Gordita were delicious too and the Marinated Jidori Chicken good. My wife's Mahi mahi fish tacos were really the only thing that were just okay. But the presentation of everything was beautiful and the service was excellent even though the place was really really busy on a Sunday night. The seating is kind of crammed and jammed in... it was a little like we were sharing conversation with both of the couples on either side of us so that's the only not perfect part of the atmosphere. But it's a lively place an we think it's worth a try if you like latin flavors.
4	This place is great!  I enjoyed the flavor of every meal on the table. Probably the best guacamole I have ever had. The only thing I will complain about is the price for what you get. It's very high for the quantity of food.  If that does not phase you then by all means this is a great place. Try the ghost pepper sauce!
2	It was on Christmas evening and was my first experience I had to spit out the food, literally.  The scallops entree arrived more than half hour after the appetizers and were extremely salty and completely inedible.  I had to return it but decided to leave the restaurant as I had no patience to wait for another half hour for another dish.  The tacos appetizers however were very good, so was the service.
5	We came for Christmas Eve and had a spectacular meal. The service was attentive but relaxed. We were not rushed through our meal as the other reviews indicated.  We would highly recommend the guacamole by the table and the glazed pork belly appetizer.   Margaritas were delicious.   A wow experience. I wish we lived around here so we could experience it again.
4	Wow, we received a recommendation for this place from a local guide and he was right - this place was the best. Table side Guacamole was the best... But you MUST try the chicken torta - its definitely on my top ten things I've eaten around the world.
1	If you have any kind of food allergies I would not recommend this place. I told the waitress I am allergic to Gluten, dairy, soy, corn and potatoes. I ordered the Salmon and since everything that came with it I could not have I asked if I could get Steamed Vegetables..she asked the Chef and said they only had Cod & green beans. I specifically said NO Butter. When I got my food the beans were covered in butter..I even had 3 other people confirm there was butter. The Mgr tried to tell me that "The Cod has a buttery texture" ..non the less I left hungry
4	Here's a new one.  Where is the best place to eat in Old Town on Christmas Day?  The answer:  an old white church in the middle of town.On December 25, the doors to the Mission swung open at 2 pm, and not a moment earlier.  The crowd gathered outside this rustic old building immediately swung into action, darting inside to secure a table in the much sleeker and un-Church-like confines of a trendy Latin American restaurant, where the only thing that's holy is the tequila selection.  Indeed, the Mission boasts a most impressive interior, with beautiful furnishings that are aggressive but tasteful, contrasted nicely with antiquated style of the building itself.  Waiting for a table would hardly be a punishment on this festive day, but with a reservation, we were seated promptly.The Mission is and always will be a successful restaurant, I think, because it serves truly first-rate food and drink.  There is no debating this.  Each dish that was brought out, from the duck empanadas to the crispy pork belly, packed enormous flavor into perfectly-textured bites.  The portions were sizable for appetizers, too, ensuring that you could create a tapas experience for yourself without going home hungry.  The cocktails were also delicately prepared and delicious, and in many cases inventive.  Because this restaurant has the food and drink down to a tee, it has the potential to be a five-star powerhouse for years to come.  But I hesitate to anoint it as such due to some conspicuous flaws in service, which should be easy to fix.  On at least five different occasions through the meal someone on staff attempted to remove a plate before we were done eating.  The wait time for drinks was also too long, perhaps owing to the cocktails' complexity, but also perhaps to the need for another bartender to churn out drinks for a thriving and busy restaurant.  Above all else, though, the service was friendly and generous, complementing well the warm and inviting vibe this space gives off.  Next time I make a southwest sojourn, I will gladly return.
5	The Mission is located in an inviting building adjacent to what looks like a Spanish-style church. You walk in through the outdoor patio, which looks cozy with a roaring fireplace. It was a bit too cold for outside, so we opted for indoor seating. It was packed on a Monday night! We put our name down and was told it could be up to an hour wait. The high-top table in the bar looked so inviting that we decided to eat there instead. It gave us a nice view of the place, which had wonderful chandeliers set low over the dining tables. The overall feel was intimate and romantic, with a rockstar edge.The waitress was phenomenal. Extremely knowledgeable about the menu and passionate about the restaurant. I was thoroughly impressed. Service was excellent.We ordered their award-winning Blood Orange margarita and the guac to start with. A guy came to the table and made the guac right in front of us. It was a nice touch, but I wish the experience was more interactive. He didn't ask us anything beyond how spicy we wanted it. Other Yelpers rave about the guac. It's okay. :)For our main dish, we shared the mahi mahi tacos and the pork shoulder. The mahi mahi was perfectly fried. I found myself wanting a sauce of some kind on the tacos. I ended up adding the sweet BBQ sauce from the pork dish. Not the ideal combo, but it worked! The pork dish looked amazing. My companions said the meat was very moist and the self-built tacos were delicious. We also ordered the Grilled Street Corn and Black Bean Puree. The street corn is a corn on the cob topped with a rich, spicy, creamy sauce. It was the favorite for all of us. Very, very good. The black bean puree also packed some heat and was tasty. We were too full for dessert, and so we waddled away, happy and content.
1	Service is slow and the meals are uninspired. Please see the photo of the marinated Jindori chicken as takeout for $28. What a ripoff.  I am pissed just looking at the small size of it. There is less than a drumstick amount of chicken.
4	Street corn was expertly executed. My husband was getting over a cold and we needed to be careful about how we shared dishes, so we took the server up on her offer to have the corn served off the cob. That was probably the way to go with this dish as it was creamy, flavorful and super easy to share. There's no way anyone sane would pass this menu item up.The duck empanadas were good -- the portion was massive for an appetizer item, so good value there. One of the sauces on the plate was too sweet but easily avoided in favor of the more preferred alternate sauce.We also ordered the salmon entree that was an extremely appropriate serving size. Not "tapas" small but not generous enough to take home -- which we appreciate considering the ridiculous portioning Americans have become used to...Lastly, the bread pudding was fantastic. The pepitas and pomegranate seeds gave just enough texture and acidity to round it out. So yum. Service = friendly, attentive and prompt. Only bad side was being seated next to the water & plates/flatware station which is always distracting...maybe they should just remove that table from the floor so no diners need to feel they're in the way of the staff.
5	Awesome upscale Mexican with super cocktails. Make sure to grab a reservation. We've been to town twice and they always seem to be packed, even on weeknights. Try the aguacate margarita and table side guacamole!
5	What an amazing dining experience!! My girlfriend and I shared the best spicy guac I have ever had... Jamar was such a hospitable server with amazing menu knowledge. The grouper with paella reduction was a seafood lovers dream. Rich and beautiful. Thanks for a memorable dinner Jamar!!
5	This was really a great experience from the food to the service. Are waitress was very knowledgeable about every item on the menu. She also was extremely attentive to everything we needed. Can't say how impressed I was. When we walked in we were greeted by the Owner. Who actually seated us as well. Every dish we picked out and that the lovely waitress also picked out and sent to us was some of the best food we have ever had. Strongly suggest the table side guacamole. Spicy is you can handle it. The fish dishes and the beef dishes were to die for. We will be back for sure next time in Scottsdale.
5	Came to The Mission recently for our company holiday party and had an amazing experience. From the ambiance to the service to the food, everything was top notch. I was the first to arrive in our party of six. We had a reservation on a very busy Sunday evening and the table was ready and waiting for us in the back of the restaurant. I was greeted right away by our waiter. He came over and took my drink order and brought it out very quickly.I was able to have a good look at the menu before the rest of the party arrived and good thing that I did because everything looked and sounded so good. When the rest of my party arrived, we decided to get table side guacamole and it was very fresh and delicious. I decided on the short rib tacos and a side of street corn for my entree and both were extremely good. The short rib was melt in your mouth good and the three tacos were perfectly sized. The street corn was served in a spicy chipolte sauce and I could have eaten it for days. I also asked if they had a spicer salsa and our waiter said that he could bring me out a sauce made with ghost chile. I went for it because I LOVE spicy. I knew to use it sparingly and it gave me the zip I was looking for to both my corn and tacos. Two of the people in my party were vegetarians and ordered the butternut squash tacos and absolutely loved them as well.The manager/owner also came around to our table to see how we liked our dinner. I though that it was a great personal touch. He was very nice and attentive. Our service was outstanding.I will definitely be coming back here soon. That street corn is enough to bring me back for sure and I would love to try many other items on the menu. Highly recommended.
