4	I love this cute, quaint restaurant. You can even catch belly dancing here on the early weekend nights! The food is amazing. Be sure to try the thick hummus and the Shawarma. Even the drinks are unique. I had one of the best glasses of lemonade (it was extremely fresh tasting and it had a pleasant aroma) and was unlike anything other lemonade I've ever sipped.There's also a market inside the restaurant where you can pick up a pound of Feta.
5	I love this place.  It's run by a Lebanese family who are just really really nice.  The hummus is awesome as is the tabouleh and labni.  My favorite though is something they call "garlic dip" which tastes like some sort of avatar of garlic came up and punched you in the mouth and then french kissed you while you were passed out.  Bring breath mints, but don't skip the garlic dip!  They have a buffet for lunch on the week days which is pretty good.  I like the gyro pita and the falafel pita.  Hell, I like just about everything I've had here.When you're done stuffing your face, go check out the market.  They have some awesome stuff if you're into mediterranean food, some halfway decent teas, fresh olives and feta, halal meats, the whole deal.
4	I hemmed and hawed over whether Cafe Istanbul was a three-star or a four-star joint, but the belly dancer pushed it over the top. Four stars.But let's take a step back. I don't actually like belly dancing, really. I knew these girls in college who got really into it. They were the kind of girls who wore anklets and gushed about how they had studied abroad in Chee-lay and actually used the term goddess when they weren't talking about salad dressing. I'm from Oregon, so I probably knew dozens of these girls. I am not one of them. No, the belly dancing is awesome for an entirely different reason -- it makes my gay friend very uncomfortable. This amuses me to no end. While he tries to avoid eye contact, I smile at the dancer encouragingly, using my best "come hither" look. She comes to the table, gyrating just inches from my friend's mortified face. I am gleeful all night. They also have food. It's Lebanese, and it's pretty good. In addition to the standard "stuff in a pita" fare, they have some interesting dishes -- like a pizza-esque item filled with ground lamb and spices. Yumm. In terms of Middle Eastern food on Apache, I prefer both Haji Baba and Tasty Kabob. But I'll definitely be back. Just as soon as I can trick my friend into it.
3	I was not super impressed. I had lunch with some co-workers with high hopes. I was really disappointed. The hummus had no flavor, the pita was hard, my gyro meat was yum but the sand which had no lettuce, tomato and the sauce was scarce. I prob won't be running back. The people were super nice so that would be the only reason to do so.I am going to stick with Pita House in Old Town.
5	I've been here a bajillion times because I used to live up the street. I've tried every type of meat and all of the vegetable dishes.  The falafel is a little bland, but if you cover it in their garlic dip it doesn't matter.  Other than that, everything is fabulous.  The first thing I ever ate was the baked lamb sandwich and it was divine.  I just had lunch there yesterday and I'm salivating writing this review and thinking about it.The restaurant is very nicely decorated and the family that runs the place is super nice and friendly.  I can't believe how empty this place usually is, especially since Pita Jungle is across the street and parking is impossible over there.They have a lunch buffet but I've never partaken.
4	WIN.I've been here a few times and every time I say to my dining partner, "damn this is good".  Their food is excellent and homemade.  The waiters are very friendly (family run spot) and knowledgeable about their food and ingredients.  I highly recommend the chicken kabob, lamb kabob, and garlic sauce... YUM!For gluten-free diners, steer clear of their lentil soup and their rice, both items contain small wheat noodles.  Shame too because the soup is fantastic.  Also while you're there don't sleep and order a lemonade, it's crazy good.
5	This place is great if your looking for a nice middleastern meal, and also mid-eastern atmosphere, it has taken off since oasis moved, and they have revamped the place, i would highly recommend it, its very authentic, and if your looking for "Halal" "Kocher" food they have it as well! The owners are lebanese and cook in true lebanese fashion! You can also sit down and enjoy tea and a nice Shisha *Hooka*
4	I've been here twice now for the lunch buffet and the second time I even brought a friend who was a foodie and both times it was great. They have a great selection of dips on the buffet, a few salads and many warm entrees to choose from. I recommend taking a little bit of everything and if you follow my rule, you won't be disappointed. Everything is absolutely delicious and you'll have fun guessing the spices in the various dishes. If you're in the mood for some tasty middle eastern food, I would really recommend it. It's a little short on ambiance, but with flavors like that, who's looking anywhere but their plate?
4	Awesome chicken shawarma sandwich!  However, it came with fries, w/c were crispy and delicious, but the grease and flavor almost brought on nausea (sorry for the visual).  I hope management will allow me to substitute next time.  Noticed bags of pita for take-out in the deli section- Good Bread pita and Al-Hana whole wheat.  They do not contain *, so I'll be taking some home next time!I'd prefer not having the deli counter visible from the dining area, though (so glaringly bright!).  Put up a divider of sorts, and this venue could easily attain great-for-a-date status!
5	I really adore this place. They've got some of the best lentil soup around and all of their chicken dishes have been perfectly seasoned and very, very juicy. I recently got the kabob plate and it came out so tender and juicy it was falling apart on my fork. Their hummus and garlic sauce are both very good as well and the service is quick and friendly. Last time I was in, I noticed they expanded their dining section so the place is a bit bigger now, probably to accommodate the increase in customers from the park-and-ride light rail station right in front of their restaurant.Do yourself the favor. If you're heading on the light rail and feel hunger strike, stop off here and enjoy a nice meal. They have good lunch specials around $7.50 for a full plate with meat, hummus, garlic sauce, pita, and tabouli. Mmmm!
5	The restaurant is very good. I particularly like the Sanbusek, and the Kafta, Grape leaves, etc. Very well done.The real star is the upstairs Hookah lounge, if you're into Hookah. Very loungy atmosphere, couches are very comfortable, and the Hookah has the best flavors. The belly dancing show is alright. I'm not that much into belly dancing but it adds some extra middle eastern flavor to the atmosphere. I've been there once and certainly it will be one of my favorite destinations.
4	Good Chicken shawrma, got the lunch portion which was very reasonably priced (7.50 I think).  Although the waitress gave me rice instead of the veggie option, the meal was still well worth it.  Good for the $$, will be back for lunch again.
4	We've been going here for years, and we went again last night. This is the hands down best place to get Chicken shwarma in the valley. My friends turned me on to Cafe Istanbul a few years ago and even though they moved away long ago, we still go. My mother flew to town this week and the only place she mentioned having to go to while here is Cafe Istanbul! Some nights there is a belly dancer, and you should always order the lentil soup!
5	Great food, great prices, great hookahs, great shisha selection... Nuff said... but really, if you live in Tempe and have a hookah hobby, do yourself a favor and visit this place.  You will be pleasantly surprised by all the hookah gear they carry.  If hookah isn't your thing then come for the food.  Their chicken shawarma sandwich with fries is delicious and affordable.
5	After last night I asked myself, "Why have I never been here before?" It was a slow Thursday night but the service certainly wasn't. I hate when I go into a restaurant that has six customers (your party being two of them) and the service is ridiculously slow (see my review on Casa Philipina.) My friend, who brought me into this quaint eatery last night, is pure Pakistani. She raved about how amazing this family owned cafe and market reminded her of home and how they served the best lentil soup and grilled lemon chicken. I was impressed. Extremely. The soup was fantastic, the pita bread was warm and begged for me to dip it in a mixture of hummus and cilantro. When the dish came out I stared at it in awe and proceeded to dig in! The rice and chicken was abundant! The chicken was seasoned to perfection and juicy, the hummus and garlic paste was a perfect companion. My friend then had me share a mango juice and baklava with her and I was in heaven! I'm also into hookah so I was impressed with the hookah selection and tobacco! Very reasonably priced!
5	When Pita Jungle is insanely packed, just walk across the street and I promise you will better food at a cheaper price.  Their hummus is absolutely delicious and I love their lamb!  Perfectly seasoned food and a great price!  Hit this place up over Pita Jungle and you won't be disappointed.
4	I went to this place to get my first Hookah. Really good prices on hookahs and shisha. Better prices than online. The staff are pretty cool guys.
4	Was just there for dinner, based upon some of the other reviews on Yelp, and because I live only blocks away and had never been there before.  I would highly recommend the Lemon Chicken, it's extraordinary.  I had the Kofta Kabob (lamb), and it was tasty though not over-the-top amazing.  The lentil soup was good, perhaps a bit too much black pepper, but still really nice.  I give Pita Jungle a slightly better rating for its garlic dip, but it's still worth ordering here.   The mango juice (blended with ice) was delicious.  The service was more than a bit lethargic, and one of our dishes came out about 10 minutes after the first one.  Realizing that, however, that late dish was comped (without our asking) by someone who I assume was the owner/manager, which was a nice response to the situation.  I assume they were having an off night, and it wouldn't prevent me from returning.   In short, I recommend.
4	Along the Metro line in central Tempe, you come to this fairly small building with a hookah shop in the front (I kid you not), and a restaurant in the middle, & another hookah den or something in the back!  I dropped in (down, but hungry anyway) for the lunch buffet, & started with a delicious non-vegetarian lentil soup, kept nice & hot.After the soup, the serving table is about half cold choices, ranging from common salad  & deli items such as potato salad, cole slaw, & so on, to tasty exotic treats.  There were good spreads too, for your bread, which is in a basket there by the soup, covered up with a green cloth napkin.  Over in the hot section, today, they had Lamb with Mologie, Yogurt Katfa (with lamb meatballs), Chicken Kafta, Chicken Stroganoff, & more.  On both sides of the serving table some items were labeled & some not.The service here is friendly and the food is delicious & different (spectacular if you hit the hookah first!).  Either way, try it!Lunch buffet:  $9.45
5	Always good food here.  And, you can take home several types of feta cheese, baklava, grape leaves, etc....The lentil soup is one of my favorites (always choose soup) along with the halibut.
3	Overall I thought this was a pretty good place.  The prices were very cheap (about $8 got me appetizer, dinner, and a shared dessert) but the food didn't blow me away. The pita was pretty hard and the hummus was on the bland side for me. Great falafel, lentil soup (for sure choose the soup over the fries), and baklava though.
5	This place has been on my "to try" list for about 10 years, and after a Saturday afternoon game at Tempe Diablo, we finally swung by. The meal was delightful. We ordered a small hummus, the falafel plate, and the "istanbuli combo:" chicken, lamb, and kafka kabobs. Everything, including the lentil soup and salad, was fresh and loaded with flavor. The falafel might be the best I've ever had.All for 23 bucks before tip--some serious bang for your buck. Service was very friendly. We will definitely be back.
3	I'll start off by saying I prefer Haji Baba's less than one mile away.I went for lunch with a friend for the buffet.  I think $9.99 is pricey for the size and selection of the buffet.  I also determined that I am not a buffet person.  Having tiny bites of such a variety of foods caused me to feel sick the whole drvie home afterwards.  The buffet does not have any hot vegetarian items.  Instead the kitchen will cook you 4 falafel and bring it out while you are eating all the cold items, soup and pita bread that is vegetarian.I ordered the mango juice and it was expensive and just okay.  I much prefer a mango lassi at an Indian Restaurant.This restaurant wasn't bad but I won't be going back.
4	We found this place due to its proximity from the light rail.I'm a huge fan of Middle Eastern food, so I was thrilled to start our pub crawl off with some tasty food and hookah pipe action.Because I planned on being out late, I thought I would indulge in a Turkish coffee....HOLY CRAP! It was HUGE.  I mean, seriously, it was like 4 regular Turkish coffees in one freakishly large cup. Didn't stop me from drinking it, but it was too strong for some of the others in our group.We then had a sampling of various appetizer type dishes, and I was quite happy with all of them.  I would have liked it if a few of my friends would have been more adventurous, but hey, they found chicken on the menu and ate that.After we ate, we smoked some hookah and watched hilarious Arabic tv.  Have no idea what was going on, but would have killed for subtitles.  I'd like to go back and check out the market for items I can't find at the regular grocery store, and I will be back again for more eats and hookah.
5	I love Middle Eastern food and am constantly in search for a place that can cook a meal as well as my Nana could. There are many great places nearby but this place was really great. We went there for the lunch buffet which was small and oh so authentic. We all loved it! The prices were great which made this place even better. There is also a nice little market and hookah to smoke if you're into it. Lastly, the location is great. While I love pita jungle, I say beat the lunch crowd and head over to this place. We sat down and ate a quick, delicious buffet lunch. You won't be disappointed.
5	This low-key cafe has excellent service with super friendly help and delicious food. The baba-ganouch and hummis were flavorful and plentiful. The lentil soup is absolutely the best ever. Go with the recommendations of the wait staff, they know what they are talking about. Yum :)
4	I used to eat here several years ago in their other location and when they first moved into the current location.  It was always good food, it just somehow fell off my Mediterranean food list with so many choices around the Tempe area.  But, I made sure to go recently and I was reminded why I enjoyed it so much before.  It also made me wonder why I haven't chosen it more often for this style of food.They were doing a buffet but we could also still order off the menu.  I don't know if they do this often or if it was just a welcoming back to ASU type of thing but we chose to the buffet  to try some new dishes.  It was all very tasty.  Of course there was some pita and hummus and then some rice.  They had a stewed lamb dish and one that was stewed chicken.  Both were very flavorful.  THey also has a rice and chicken dish and a rice and lamb dish.  With all of the meets being bone-in, they really infused some great flavors.  There was a custardy desert that the server said said was made with rosewater, it was very sweet.  I typically don't like custards for texture reasons so I am not one to judge their quality.  I just wanted to give everything available an honest try.  I usually try to keep my portions under control and always leave a place with leftovers but this food was tasty enough for me to go back for 2nds.  With all the great Mediterranean food in close proximity it's hard to stand out, but this place is worthy of being in the rotation.
4	I am a huge fan of Cafe Istanbul and I will say it immediately so you know this may be a bias account. I buy all of my coals, shisha and most of my hookahs from here. Their extremely wide selection of Shisha brands - Starbuzz, Havana, Al Fakir, Layalina and more is the widest selection in Phoenix.No I dont work for them. I just like this place alot.Pros: Upstairs isolated comfy air-conditioned with couches Hookah smoking area..you can take the food from downstairs and bring it upstairs and smoke and eat. Totally legal and legit. The amazing selection of shisha, hookahs and hookah products is one thing BUT the menu is really special. I absolutely adore shwarma (lamb) and it is really hard to find it skewered right off with pickles, tomatoes..its all kinds of yummy goodness.The lamb is great..they also have a lunch and dinner selection..so like lamb in pita for lunch but a lamb plate with rice and extras for dinner. same lamb just more of it. So food is awesome, hookah is awesome..so why only 4 stars when Im a groupie?Con: Sometimes due to ASU student changes their service can be a bit temperamental. new staff dont know how to do things and in the winter or summer it can be annoying especially being a regular. When my favorite waiter leaves to go home to Indiana and the new person takes over...well I dont feel all that special right then.  But thankfully the more I go then they know me and its all good.Also even though the menu is really fantabulous..it is not the best pita place in the entire world..it has other focuses besides pita..hence pita jungle across the street is probably better at pita's but they dont have hookahs..this place mixes original food with a fun hookah experience.
3	I haven't tried all their dishes yet, but usually when I like something, I tend to stick to it.  Their hummus is uhmazing!  Perfectly seasoned, I order this every time.  Their chicken kabob, whether in plate or sandwich form, is juicy and delicious.  I love their simple lentil soup too!  I don't care for their kefta kabob.  I usually love their rice, but the last time I went there, they were serving a yellow colored rice, but before it was just white.  :(    Other than that, it is decently priced for a quick lunch or casual dinner!  I looove middle eastern food, and only eat here, Byblos, and Middle Eastern Bakery Deli.  Mmmmmm!
4	This all around one of my absolute favorite places to go whenever I have the energy to make it out there.  It's not far from where I live, but you have to understand, I'm incredibly lazy.  If I can get away with it, I'll pick up the remote control with my foot so that I don't have to sit up.If you can, make it for lunch.  Their lunch menu is, I wouldn't say "cheaper," but... you know, it's pretty damn cheap.  Ah, le mot juste!  Their hummus is damn good, I loved the shit out of their lamb's tongue when I had it and they serve good, strong, kick-you-in-the-ass Turkish coffee.  I asked the lady who works there what a great dessert was and she steered me toward this stuff that was like baklava but it had custard in it.  Holy shit, it was incredible.
4	The chicken shawarma is stellar. I get it to go at least once a month, substituting veggies for the rice. Slightly pricey, but you get a lot of food and it's very consistent.
4	I've only been here once so far, and when I did go, I got the falafel, which as I understand it is the "safe" choice. My boyfriend went for the lamb's tongue. Yeahhh, I grew up in Maine, and this country girl is going to need a bit more time acclimating to the big city before she will put another animal's tongue in her mouth. I'm good with "safe."Regardless, the falafel was delicious. Best falafel I've ever had. Every other place I've had it has been kinda hard and dry, but at Cafe Istanbul, it was moist all the way through and very tasty. My boyfriend reports that his tongue was delicious as well, but I'll just take his word on that.I'll definitely be visiting this restaurant again, especially since it's so close by, I'd be stupid not to. Maybe I'll work my way up to the tongue. The service was efficient, and not much more than that, but I'll take efficiency over friendly ineptitude. The cafe itself is pretty cozy inside and overall it's a pleasant dining experience.
4	Very good food ~ always consistent ~ good buffet at lunch ~ not cheap but very freshly prepared with great care. Clean facility with friendly staff. Owners usually on site ~ lots of pride of ownership. May the owner continue to experience abundance. Blessings :) KC
4	I visited Cafe Istanbul for dinner on a Wednesday evening. The weather was nice so we sat out on the patio. Just a view of the parking lot, but outside is good weather is always better in my opinion and the metal chairs were comfortable enough with cushions. Friend and I ordered and shared a variety of appetizers and they were all very tasty. I had moujadara, lubieh bezeyt, garlic dip, Haloumi cheese pie, and fresh mozzarella with tomato (sort of a middle eastern caprese salad). The spicing on the lubieh was excellent. The garlic dip was pungent...just the way I like it. My friend had the chicken shawarma with rice pilaf and salad. The rice was flavorful and she said the shawarma was excellent. Service was spotty but not terrible. Portion size was decent, pita bread was fresh and warm, Turkish coffee was well done. I love middle eastern food (must have been Lebanese in a former life)  and this is the best place I have tried in a while. All in all I can't wait to go back and try a few more things like hummus and falafel and babaganouj.
4	= = = = = =  THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET  = = = = = =I've been enjoying this place from time to time for a year & a half now since the last review, & I'm pleased to report that it's still excellent!  Mike C. & I stopped in for the lunch buffet today & although the courses served vary from one visit to the next, it's always a fun place to enjoy a Middle Eastern buffet lunch, & it's one of only four such buffets in the Valley.  Princess Mediterranean Market (Friday only) & Saba's in Carefree (Sunday only) are excellent too!A couple of today's treats here were delicious fresh pitas, completely covered with sesame seeds, to fill with your choices of three flavors of hummus, & lasagne made with cream sauce & lamb.Lunch Buffet is served Monday through Friday 11-3 & the price has increased a little, to $9.95...  It's worth it!     :-))
4	Yay I am a fan of Cafe Istanbul. The food here is quite different then any of your typical buffets but it is also very tasty..They did have meatloaf that was real good and not quite middle eastern as well as lasagna made with lamb and cream sauce {not Italian} . I am not a big salad eater {rabbit food} but here the salad stuff is 5 stars. So for a great change in buffets I recommend Cafe Istanbul..
4	I have been at this place for its fine hookah smoking and its fine Middle Eastern food. Ate the garlic dip hummus with the warm pita, very tasty indeed.  I have tasted the chicken schwarma sandwich, again another tasty delight on the menu. Oh, and for the hookah, delicious arrays of aromas, my favorite is the sweet melon but I urge you to try the pumpkin pie. The coals were lovingly tended to and the woman who was tending was very thoughtful and made sure all my smoking and eating needs were always tended to. The shisha never got harsh and as a result I had a fun relaxing time. Definitely a high recommendation. About the only negative is the lack of a wi-fi but since I'm always prepared for this, it wasn't that big of a deal for me, at least not enough to not recommend this place to others.
5	My favorite Mediterranean food so far in Phoenix. Food made by a real cook and very tasty. If you like pita jungle for it's Mediterranean at all, this place will really beat it.
4	I have only checked out this place for the lunch buffet which is delicious.  The warm bread was the best part of the meal.  I will have to order something off the menu next time.  I bought some Hookah supplies as well so +1 for combining 2 trips :)
4	I have not tried everything on their menu.  The grilled lemon chicken is amazing, and some of their deserts (pastries) are amazing.  My problem is with the service.  A couple of times I have been charged the wrong price, other times "lunch" prices seem to end at 3, while other times it ends at 4, and the lady (maybe the owner) is not very friendly.  When I have been charged dinner price at 3PM (instead of 4) or been charged incorrectly, it has been by the owner lady.  I am a regular here because the food is great, and the servers are friendly, but the owner lady doesn't offer the best customer service or fair pricing.
5	*DISCLAIMER*: I will be rating this establishment for Hookah only and as such you should know that my comments reflect that.For Hookah, honestly this is the best place in the Arab Quarter (the stretch of Arab restaurants and establishments stretching down most of Apache and the surrounding area). I have tried nearly all the other places (hubbly bubbly, Harem Nights, King Tuts) and compared to all of them I can sincerely say that Cafe Istanbul is the best among them.Reasons:Hookah: Wide variety of flavors both Starbuzz and Al-Fakher (important for those who are tobacco purists wishing for either the straight UAE brand or the more hip sugarier flavors) and they will mix whatever you ask. They use natural coals (not the instalights) which allows for a "smoother" smoke as it were. They also carry much more in stock in terms of their brand.Staff: Generally speaking, very polite and very helpful, they will turn your coals as often as possible and accommodate a lot of requests. One simply need to follow the rules of common sense and be equally respectful.Ambience: Now this part is  particularly personal, but I have likened the ambience to being similar to that of Jabba's Palace or the Cantina from Star Wars, which to say the least, is amusing by far. Generally comfortable seats and couches, but I prefer the more quiet ambience of the outside balcony; in either case, you're bound for some great people watching, especially on wilder nights as they cater to a lot of the local arab community. Definitely not a "Club" hookah scene which definitely makes it feel smaller and more of a nicer atmosphere.
2	I have never really enjoyed Cafe Istanbul. From the attitude from the staff (catch them on a bad day and they're downright rude) to how insanely difficult it can be to even get new coals, I'd just rather go somewhere else with my friends.
5	Great shisha and other items...friendly service; will definitely be trying the food soon. Gyros, baked lamb- sounds amazing.
4	In the interest of full disclosure the only thing I every really go here for is the lunch buffet but wow, what a great buffet! I believe the buffet itself is about $10 and for that you get a wide range of vegetarian items and as with other items on the buffet most of those get changed out over time so you get a rotation of various dishes as you come back. They also have hummus and baba ghanoush (like hummus but made with eggplant instead of chickpeas). There is generally at least one dish with red meat (today it was a tomato based stew with eggplant and either beef or lamb) and usually two dishes with chicken.I generally get iced tea to go with the meal and one thing to note, they do not serve alcohol so if you want to go someplace where you can also have a drink or two, this would not be a good place to go but if you just want a place with really good Middle Eastern food (the owners told me it is really Lebanese cooking but I'm going to just generalize and say for most of us, when you try it, you will think Middle Eastern). Of course, you can walk a block or two to 4 peaks brewery, in the same area, and have a drink or two before or after you your meal. One really nice thing about this place it is right off the Apache stop on the light rail and right across the road (same side of the street) is Pita Jungle so a wide range of good food options right off that light rail stop.Bottom line, I've never had anyone I've taken here NOT like it and everyone who has gone has wanted to go back again. I like it for lunch during the workday because it is quick and you have a wide variety of regularly changed out tasty food options, so I recommend you give it a try if you have the time. :-)
2	Disappointed! I must have caught this place on an off day, I am willing to try it again maybe at the hookah lounge during the evening. The falafel pita was good and the my dining partner enjoyed the gyro. We had ordered the garlic dip to start and we were immensely disappointed. It literally tasted like garlic mayonnaise. While I know some garlic dip is made this way, I was a expecting fresh, lemony potato or bread based garlic dip. Needless to say we hardly touched it, I wish they would have specified this in the menu so that I would have saved my money for the hummus.
2	After a long day of busting my ass I wanted to find a place where I can unwind by indulging my taste buds. I have a few spots near Tempe that are trustworthy when it comes to fulfilling my desires, but its always better to expand your circle of friends. I decided to do just that.Mexican food, pizza, burgers are all great, but sometimes you just want something that's not run of the mill. I wanted gyros, but like I said I wanted to try something new because I've been to Haji Baba far too many times and Phoenicia is a bit too pricey for me.A gyro sandwich plus fries for $5.99 sounded like a really good deal...except that the gyro was very sub par. I was expecting something that was sliced fresh off the rotisserie, and instead got what seemed to be frozen meat cooked on a grill. If I wanted that stuff, I could have made it at home. Thanks for the offer, but I don't think I will be coming here again.The food wasn't completely inedible, and the service was certainly pretty good. That's probably the only reason I gave it a 2 star rating. I'm not into hookah, and I don't mind the smell, but it didn't add to the experience. Although, if for some ridiculous reason I did want to smoke hookah, this place seemed pretty cool because it looks like they are the hookah kings of Tempe, never seen that many hookahs in my life.I don't think I will be returning here. Probably better off trying Haji Baba or Phoenica.
1	I don't think they should be calling this place Istanbul Cafe, there is nothing Turkish about it! The name is so deceiving...
4	Pretty good but over loaded with garlic.  Nice atmosphere and friendly family operated business.  5 year customer.
5	AWESOME and inexpensive.  Don't let the humble restaurant side fool you, the food is first rate and staff very friendly.
4	Good decent turkish style kebab and shawerma joint.  The service was ok, they have a decent sized dining room but its kind of dingy inside and needs a facelift. I prefer the outdoor dining area, its more appealing. Parking is plentiful and there's a middle eastern grocery store next door which is convenient.
5	Best Chicken Shawarma EVAR!!And their lemonade is crack. I'm pretty sure there is not actual crack used in the making of the lemonade, but it's addictive as all get out. So, I used to go to Arizona every year in the spring for work. And I'd go to Cafe Istanbul a few times during my stay. I did this for seven or so years. I've been gone for six, but when I came back this year and walked in there, the owner recognized me right away, welcomed me back, and made our dinner feel very homey. The food is every bit as good as I remember. Everything I've ever had there has been fan-freakin-tastic. I think I secretly travel to AZ just to have their chicken shawarma. It's totally worth the 1800 mile trip for me.
5	I love cafe istanbul! They have a really good variety of sheesha and everything you need for your at home hookah needs. The guy who works in the hookah store is really nice and is very knowledgeable about hookah. He is very generous as well. Their food is really good also. There isn't an extensive list of choices but their schwarmas are awesome. I personally like the chicken and for about 6 bucks for a good sized schwarma and fries you can't go wrong.Their hookah lounge is upstairs and you enter from the parking lot. They have good choices and are also very nice. They were doing deals that women got free hookah on tuesdays (not sure if this is still going on). All you have to do is bring a girl with youand on a tuesday and bam! Let the awesome deals begin!
5	Nom Nom Nom!A few of my girlfriends and I got a case of the tummy grumbles last Thursday night and decided to hop in the car with no destination in mind. I had a bunch of indecisive girls in my car, so what did I do? Took charge and hoped onto Yelp. We found Cafe Instanbul nearby and all agreed to try it!I've been wanting to try this place for quite a while, and I'm so glad we finally ventured over because it is as good as it gets. Hummus? Yes, please. Pita bread? Homemade, served fresh and hot! My friend and I split the Veggie Combo and we both loved it.After dinner, we made our way upstairs to the hookah lounge. The restaurant closed at 10 but the hookah lounge stays open until 12 or 1am, not really sure. The place was pretty busy, but we found seating and got a couple hookahs and relaxed for a while. The price is right. The food is fantastic. The service was great. I'll be back for sure.
5	Cafe Istanbul is a place that you need to familiarize yourself with before you can appreciate it.  It is popular for its lunch buffet (which, we found out yesterday, is temporarily closed), which always has a wide selection of salads, sides, meats, and other entrees.  If you want to try a little bit of everything, the buffet is a good option.Where Cafe Istanbul really excels, however, is their menu.  Sometimes it takes discipline to order off a menu when you have a buffet in front of you, but it actually might save you a little cash, and you have choices that are simply not available on the buffet.Lamb tongue sandwich?  Yes, please... Theirs is a little better than Haji Baba's lamb tongue sandwich.  Baked lamb over seasoned rice?  Incredible.  Humus, babaganouj, ma'anek (delicous lamb sausage) on the appetizers menu... all winners.And sometimes I go here just so I can have that delicious soup (make sure you put some sriracha in it).Fair warning: on some days, the service can be really bad.  Sometimes bad enough that, despite the great food, it is enough to discourage me from going there.  But it's a little easier if you go into it with that expectation.  This is a more recent problem, so hopefully they get that worked out... The people who run the place actually seem really nice, though.
1	The service was not good. Four people in the store and we stood there for 10 minutes until I The website is out of date with prices and portions
5	As good as it gets for middle eastern food in Arizona.  The chicken and/or beef Kabobs are always TENDER and JUICY, the rice is fluffy and appetizing.  Not a fan of the lunch buffet although sometimes they have decent options.  Hummus is great, Baba Ganoush (Eggplant spread) also really tasty and their Fatoush is always flavored/seasoned well.  I have eaten at every middle eastern restaurant in Maricopa County and this is the best place.
4	love it!!I love their babaganoosh and the rice...oh amazing rice!! it's great that they care enough to serve the vegetarians like me some Falafels. Service is friendly, food is good. go there, you won't be disappointed!
3	Greatl place to have a hookah But do not come if ur trying to enjoy sunday night football with a hookah. Who doesnt have  NBC...I thought that was a basic cable channel???
4	Great middle-east style kababs and very reasonably priced. There is hooka service in an outside patio.
5	This is one of the best places out there. There food is amazing! I would recommend this place to anyone!
4	Had the $9.99 lunch buffet which includes iced tea, soda, whatever.  Buffet had at least 3 salads plus usual leafy greens, pitas (which were not as warm and pliable as I would like - only false note), tiny little meat pies, rice, kofta meatballs with potatoes in a sauce, lamb and green peas in another sauce, chicken-mushroom-red peppers in another sauce, chicken-eggplant in the yummiest sauce, another ground meat-rice casserole that I skipped and fish in a lemon-tinged tomato sauce.  Fish was supposed to be grouper which seems a bit expensive for this kind of buffet, but it wasn't catfish/tilapia or the other usual suspects but thick and meaty and altogether yummy.  Every dish had a distinctive flavor.  Hubby and I both ate way too much.  Dessert was "hunny pudding" which seemed to be the usual smooth rice-based pudding with ground pistachios and orange blossom water flavoring--what's not to like there?  Can't comment too much on the service because it was a buffet but it was friendly including table visit from chef/owner.  Can't believe I've never been there before.  Definitely will put this on my when-in-Tempe list.  More interesting than Pita Jungle.
5	Love.
5	I have heard people compliment this place because of the good food at reasonable prices.  The truth is, the food is the only authentic tasting middle eastern food in the Valley (and yes...the prices are really reasonable).  My recommendations:  Chicken Kabob (Juicy and tender chicken breast WOW); the Hummus is amazing and so is the baba ghanoosh (if you like eggplant); the Falafel is crispy on the outside and moist on the inside...no real complaints...will eat here anytime I want middle eastern food PERIOD!!!  BTW the lunch buffet is $10 all you can eat with a soft drink...if I worked closer I would definitely have that 2-3 times per week...5-6 meal options (chicken, beef and fish) as well as a variety of salads and desert.
2	This place was not good. I dont understand how it has so many good reviews.  I had the veggie platter/combo that comes with all the dips like hummus, tabbouli, etc plus some falafel an dolmades.   The pita was not good - just the flat cheap they buy.  I miss the doughy round pita freshly baked in brick ovens. My fiance's mousaka was disgusting, served almost like a soup.
5	Amazing as always!!!!!
5	Great food, great location and the the waiter was very friendly and nice. I loved the food. and I was full with the combo platter.
5	Shwarmas, man.  Do it.  Then wash it down with strawberry juice.  Ohh and the hookahs are fun.  The staff is friendly and service is quick.  I feel like Haji Baba is more popular, but I don't know why because place is sooooo much more delish.
4	= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =After their summer break, Cafe Istanbul has reinstituted their delicious Middle Eastern Lunch Buffet, so I darted over here today, joined by Mike C. & Jackie C.This excellent feast included lots of cold salad & other items, Lentil Soup, & a number of other hot dishes including two of beef, two of lamb, and one of chicken.  It was all very good!"So where's Star #5?" you ask.  ...Glad you asked that!     :-)*  There was no soap in the men's room (until I asked) & some of the food items weren't labeled.With that said, this is an excellent lunch buffet & I'm eager to return as they do vary the selections some from day to day.  Also, the service is friendly and the price hasn't increased since my last Update 2 years & 5 months ago!     :-))
4	Overall the wife and I had a good experience here. We ordered the baked lamb entree and the istanbuli combo (lamb kebob, chicken kebob, and beef kebob). The lamb dish was super good. Craving it now thinking about it! The istanbuli combo, however, wasn't as pleasing. The chicken and beef kabobs came out burnt - Completely! To the point of inedible - dried out and charcoaled. However the waitress was able to replace the burnt kebobs and got us some freshly cooked chicken. Nicely recovered. But lost a star for even presenting burnt food in the first place. The baklava was again a saving grace. It was so delicious! It was freshly made that day so we lucked out. So so good!! They also have free wifi and hookah - didn't try the hookah yet. I definitely would recommend this place. -- keep eatin'
5	I went here for dinner with my girlfriend and her mom,  the food was amazing, and the service was excellent. I only wish our server had told us his name so I can properly thank him. After dinner we enjoyed some hookah. They have endless flavors. It was brought quickly and was prepared with care. It was a wonderful experience. Even though it was slow the server was polite and made the experience top notch.
1	I used to work here. It is the worst priced/managed hookah lounge I have ever been to. Do you know their employees make 4.75 plus tips? So usually they make less than minimum wage??? The hookahs haven't been changed in years, the management won't change them, this place isn't going anywhere.
2	I had heard that this place has the best falafel in the valley, so, naturally, I had to check it out. I had recently discovered The Greeks Grill and their amazing falafel, and I had to see if this place could one-up them. I was beyond excited for the falafel, but when I walked in, I already knew I was in for a letdown. The service was bad from the start; curt, unhelpful, disinterested. We ordered the baba ganoush, which was alright. Nothing special, but we were hungry. The falafel came and I eagerly took a bite, only to have to force the bite down with water. The falafel was bland and not well prepared (resemblant of mush), and they overcompensated with the hummus and pickles to try to make up for the flavor. Now, I'm sure they prepare some of their food well, given the amount of positive reviews they have from other Yelpers, but I will never be heading back there.Needless to say, we left and got some yummy food to cleanse our taste buds. Definitely sticking with The Greeks Grill for all further falafel excursions.
5	This is a cool little spot in Tempe that offers seemingly authentic Mediterranean food at very reasonable prices. They offer hookah as well. You can choose to dine in their dimly lit cafe or take your order to go. Either way, $5.99 for a schwarma is a bargain, the staff is kind, and they even threw some fries into my to-go box without asking at no extra charge.I'm completely satisfied and see no reason to complain.
4	One of the few places outside of my house that you can get good food and hookah in one setting. They offer a buffet (which I have never tried), hookah, dine-in, take out, a small deli, a hookah shop to get your personal supplies and outdoor seating with misters for summertime comfort (if you can get that in Phoenix!). They also have a hookah lounge that is open later than the restaurant upstairs.I am a regular customer and Olga, Mike and Ronda are always very nice and helpful. Since I cook Middle Eastern food at home, I tend to pay extra attention to restaurants offering similar foods. Their hummus, babaghanoush and falafel are ok. I can eat the hummus and not complain or turn it away, but my friends keep telling me that it is not as good as mine. The falafel (when I had it) was bland, but cooked perfectly. I like the falafel at Haji Baba's better.Their chicken shwarma has always been stellar. I love it. My friends love the gyro meat there. I've never had over-cooked or under-cooked meat here. The flavors make your taste buds cheer. Their Turkish coffee is always delicious and made to my taste.  I have a new favorite recently: Fattoush with chicken. Yummmmm. A little heavy on the dressing usually, but still yummy.Their hookah service is usually wonderful. Coals are always refreshed, but I noticed if a customer isn't quite familiar with hookah maintenance, they don't turn the coals for them.Sometimes, the service is slow there, but since I know it isn't the case on a regular basis, I let it slide. There hasn't been anything that screamed "Don't come back here!" and I find myself meeting friends there all the time. Great hangout and chill place.
4	I had the chicken & lamb kabobs - I don't like the thought of lamb to begin with and theirs was especially gamey.  Their humus was really good and all their food looked and tasted authentic.  The restaurant is very casual and you can smoke hookas outside in their front patio area with misters.  The patio area faces the parking lot so you might have to breath down some car fumes while you eat tho.  The patio area is also usually filled with a bunch of young foreign guys smoking hookas but is never been rowdy or loud when I've gone.
4	Get the chicken schwarma and a hookah and sit outside. Great food. Good hookah. Come for lunch, you won't regret it.
4	= = = = = =  SO SAD, SO SAD!  = = = = = =Cafe Istanbul has discontinued their Weekday Lunch Buffet.     :-((
