5	There's just so much to like about Someburros.  Their tacos are heavenly--crispy on the outside, with juicy shredded chicken or beef on the inside.  Their rod burro is another of my favorites.  It's a huge burro filled with chorizo, beef, refried beans, onions, and chile sauce served enchilada style with melted cheese on top.  If you can't finish this monstrosity of a meal, it heats up well as leftovers.  Their chimichangas are also very good in a similar vein.  They are stuffed with meat, deep-fried, then served with enchilada sauce, guac and sour cream.  If you're a vegetarian, their veggie burro is very flavorful and pretty filling.  I don't know what they put in their refried beans, they're so addictive!   I think the only thing on the menu that I'm not a big fan of is their enchiladas.  They were just so-so, but with all the other food on the menu being so tasty, who needs enchiladas?
5	pretty darn tasty messican food, and almost fast enough to be called fast food. but this aint' no filiberto's. this place is packed at lunchtime every day of the week.the tamales are delicious - that's my measure of good mexican food i think... anyone can produce a good bean and chees burrtio, but if you can kill it on a tamale, you know what the eff you're doing!
5	Someburros has this dish called "Pollo Fundido" which is basically a deep-fried chicken burro slathered in their "spicy cream cheese" mixture.  It's so bad (for you), and sooooooooooooooooooooo good. I recommend ordering it with refried beans on the side instead of the standard rice.
5	Bean burrito, extra cheese.  Side of rice.  I have dined at Someburros for a huge chunk of my life (15 years?), and only once have I ordered anything different than that which is listed.  They're exceptionally generous with the cheese when ordered like this and the beans have tasted exactly the same (good) throughout the years.  There's a consistency at Someburros that is to be admired, for sure.I am especially fond of this location on Baseline and Mill in Tempe.  Being a hop, skip, and a jump away from Kiwanis Park, there is little better than a breezy Sunday playing basketball and later venturing a block down the road for some great American Mexican food.
5	Fantastic veggie burittos, wonderful cheese quesadillas and great salsa and chips.  We ate there regularly when we lived in Tempe and we make it a point to stop by every time we head back.  The drive through window is a nice plus!
5	Bean Tostada. Side of rice, small Diet. This was my mantra for years at lunch time - I  used to go for lunch almost every day, and still go frequently. My whole family loves it. The beans and rice are killer - so fresh and homeade - I am hungry thinking of them. The chips can be not as good if they aren't hot, but normally are really good and salsa often has a slight kick that is perfect. We have tried it all - tacos - the shredded beef is SO good...tostadas, taquito's, burritos, enchiladas...etc...never have i had a bad meal here. Its also fast, and inexpensive. What's not to like?
3	I expected more due to the glowing reviews here on YelpI got the Pollo FundidoIt wasn't bad, but certainly wasn't the best Pollo Fundido ever.I thought the salsa was good, but a little too thin.  I would have liked to have a chunkier option as well.The ambiance was flourescent and a bit cheesy.I dunno, I just thought that I'd really be wowed by the food, and I'm a bit disappointed.  Oh well :(
2	I LOVE burritos.  I LOVE tacos.  I LOVE mexican food in general.  However, I do not LOVE this place.Why?1.  Greasy.2.  Kind of tasteless3.  Nothing really great on the menu4.  The salsa is blandPeople I used to work with absolutely loved this place....I don't see why.
4	Someburro's kicks ass.  It's a nice middle ground between the standard *Berto's and the more sit-down experience.Pollo Fundido and Borracho Burritos are awesome.  Service is quick. Beaners are bean-y.  There's nothing spectacular about this place, just really good, solid food served hot and quick.Dig it.
5	Amazingly good Mexican food for the price. The atmosphere is cafe style with a comfortable feel - much nicer than most of the taco shops around town. The salsa they give you with the complimentary chips is amazing! The taco and tostada were perfect, the rice and beans dead on.A great lunch destination in south Tempe.
5	cheesy, but great greasy mexican food. this place has my favorite hot salsa in the valley. love their veggie burritios and chips! super affordable.
5	I promise you.  I.  promise.  you.  These are the best burritos (note: calling a 'burrito' a 'burro' is dumb and only prevalent in PHX) in town.  They are bigger than a baby's arm and have very moist chicken throughout.  The 'Crudo burro' with rice and beans plate is CRIMINALLY INSANE.  Their salsa comes in a squeeze bottle, which i love because of the regulatory physics behind squirting delicious red salsa onto a burrito bite-by-bite.  They also have churros, which is ALWAYS a plus for me because I'm crazy about them for dessert.  Prices are slightly steeper than your typical neighborhood Mexican joint and they DO have a drive-thru, which you must call ahead for, then pick up at the window.
4	The Mill and Baseline location is excellent. Service is fast and friendly, prices are reasonable and portions generous.  Their veggie burro is excellent with big fresh chunks of avacodo, mm hmm. Their chips and salsa are also better than most casual taco shops. You can order ahead and pick up at the take out windows.
3	Ok, I've been to Someburro's a thousand times, and I like it...I really do...However...the problem that 990 out of those thousand times I've had the Pollo Fundido, simply one of the best fast guilty pleasures that you can experience.  However, after eating it, I feel like I've just dug another inch closer to the grave...or shaved another couple of days off of my life.  As I age...I'm trying to eat healthier, so here I am at Someburro's trying to find something healthy that doesn't give me visions of the grim reaper, and that gives me the near orgasmic feeling that I have when down the Pollo Fundido.  So far, I haven't found anything else on the menu that fits the bill.  I've tried the veggie burro which is probably the healthiest thing on the menu, and it's....eh....ok.  The avocado in it is great, and I haven't seen them put less than fresh avocado slices in it.  I once tried the taco salad, which was WAY less than satisfying, and actually kind of gross.  I mean, you take some actually healthy stuff and surround it in a bowl of fried whatever...I'm also not big into shredded beef or the machaca.  The chicken quality is ok, but has a good portion of dark meat in it.  It's good because it's marinated so heavily, though I'd imagine that the marinade does not add to the health quotient.On the bright side, this place is decent for kids.  There are inexpensive options for little ones. We get the quesadilla's for the boys, who pretty much just pick over the quesadilla waiting for the go-ahead from mom to dive into the Churros.  By the way, the Churros are no bueno, in my opinion.  The kids like 'em cause they are doused in sugar, but they aren't doughy...they are crunchy crispy and fried...fried...fried.  I feel pangs of guilt as if I'm poisoning my children when they eat those.Some of you reading this are probably thinking...if he's trying to be healthy, perhaps he shouldn't be going to Someburro's in the first place....and you're probably right.
5	I have been eating here since my jobless just moved out here from CA and don't want to go to college just yet days.The quality of the food has remained consistent throughout the years.  I have had everything on the menu at least twice.The chips are always fresh, the salsa is spicy but not to bad, the burritos are great (even the red sauce ones, and I don't like red sauce), the staff is always polite.They open at 10:30 AM, so, its a little difficult to say its "breakfast" food, but yeah, I guess I could eat this for breakfast.They do have a "drive up" window - but its for phone orders only!
3	Good burritos.  Bad salsa.  How can you mess up salsa?  Chips is a course unto itself and you don't have any good salsa?  Shame.  For shame!
3	Pretty pedestrian Mexican food. The tacos and taquitas are fried and greasy, but I like them anyway. Also, the restaurant is bright and busy at lunchtimes, and the staff seem friendly. However, the other reviewers are right ~ the salsa is boring. There are better Mexican food restaurants, but Someburros! is a good place to get a quick lunch bite.
4	Yes, Julia T's review may be boring.  But, it didn't stop me from heading over to someburros.  Good thing!  She was spot on!  Nothing more I can say above what J said... Take a look at her review!
4	Being a native Phoenician, I have a junkie like addiction to mexican food.  I find Someburros to be quite satisfying.  It is not a _bertos clone, so don't go expecting carne asada like you're used to.  It has a more authentic menu, that isn't all that authentic, but more so than _bertos.  The Pollo Fundido is indeed delectable and decadent.  The three way burro is scrumptious and may I suggest a cheese crisp with green chiles, which is my personal fav.  It's a bit more pricey than _bertos, but well worth it.Call in your order and they have a pick up window.  You can't beat convenience.
4	You have to love the shredded beef tacos and the pollo fundido.  This place has one of the best shredded beef tacos in town and the hot sauce is a perfect compliment to the tacos.
4	This place rules, my favorite fast mexican place. I get the veggie burro, it is bomb. Avacodo, beans, salsa and cheese. Salsa is good... Overall, great place to grab some good, quick grub.
4	I'm out in the field alot for my job....so you can guess that if I am anywhere near a Someburros I will stop for the Vegi burrito.  Fresh avocado, pinto beans, onions (which I really can't eat, but will), fresh pico....wrapped in a fresh tortilla with salsa is oh so yummy!  So anytime I think, oh goodness, I've got to drive to Tempe or Gilbert, I think, hey I can stop at Someburros for my Vegi burro...it suddenly brings a smile to my face :-)
4	I think I've been to all five locations. Love the tacos, but my favorite is the Pollo Fundido. The chips to start are great and did you know if you put the salsa bottle down to fast it'll shoot salsa straight up in the air? Try it.
3	Got the veggie burro a few times, and each time I got it, the less I liked it.I know my tortillas, and it seems to me that they are using the old school ones with TONS of trans fat. (still awaiting an email response)Only thing I really liked was the salsa.Meh, I will pass on this place in the future.
5	They have killer shredded beef burritos. Also the chips and sauce are delicious.
2	My husband likes them, I don't.  He likes the bean burritos with cheese and sour cream, but at around five bucks each and nothing exciting, I would definitely go elsewhere.
3	Got info on the tortillas, they are full of lard and trans fat. So for anyone concerned with living with a healthy heart, please be warned.Still love the salsa! :)
4	Two words: Pollo Fundido.Wear your fat jeans or sweats and go eat one.  Then go home and take a shower, unless you like to smell of grease..Love this place.  Never disappoints. .   If the line is long, call the take out line and order while you wait.  Your food will probably be ready by the time you get to the counter..
4	Directions:Get Someburro's Plain Nachos (no meat)Have them leave off the tomatoes and JalapenosGet a side of their green sauce.Something about the giant tostada rounds with yummy beans, orange cheese and the best spicy green salsa anywhere is very pleasing. I wish it was closer now.... Mmmmm!
5	This is another place on my regular lunch rotation.  I have been eating at Someburros for years frequenting the locations in Gilbert and by Chandler Mall as well as this location in Tempe.This is deli style.  You go to the counter and order, they give you a number, and then bring the food to your table.  The restaurant is always clean and well staffed.  This location, though, is a little smaller than the Gilbert or Chandler Mall restaurants.The food at Someburros is on par with any good Mexican restaurant in the Valley, but it is fast and inexpensive.   Most adult meals with drink will cost about $8.  Kids cost 1/2 that.  I usually get one of the burritos.  Lately the Crudo Burro is my favorite.  It is shredded beef with SPICY tomatillo sauce.  Do not order this unless you can handle spicy food.  I also like the Rod Burro and the Poncho Villa.  I really like the rice, as well.  Someburros also has large party platters.  A number of times we have purchased party platters for a gathering at our house.  Our guests always devour the food and rave about it.  It is a relatively inexpensive way to cater a party.Someburros is a great place for lunch and a relatively inexpensive way to feed the family.  If you have not tried it, definitely check it out.
2	I ate at Somburros for dinner around 8:30 or 9:00pm.  The place was not too busy.  It was clean and brightly lit.  I was greeted by a nice young lady behind the counter who too my order.  I had the #1 combo a chicken taco, cheese enchilada, with rice and beans.  With a medium soda the check came to just under $9.  A small tray of tasty chips was included.  Not cheap.  Mexican food in Tempe has to be great just to stay in business.  There is so much competition.  So my two stars would probably be three in another town, like French Lick Indiana.  It's a real town without many Mexican food places.   The taco was just ok.  A little on the small side.  The corn tortilla was fried in old oil which gave it a burnt stale taste.  The chicken was tasty, and the lettuce was crisp.  There was a little cheese in there too.  It tasted cheesy.   The enchilada  sauce had a burnt taste and was dark brown.  I'm not an enchilada expert but I've had better.  This cheese enchilada was flat and I could not taste any onions.   The rice and beans were average.    On the bright side the food was hot.  I didn't find Someburros to be a very good value.  I have had much better tacos and  enchiladas at full service restaurants for less money.   I'm going to keep looking for some great tacos.
4	Ok, but not as good as San Tan Marketplace one. I had the "poncho villa" and it's basically a red chili burro. Was a little to bitter for me, but wife loved it.  Next time I'll stick with tacos & enchiladas.
5	When you move away from the town you grew up in, you inevitably have a favorite food that you can't find in your new city.   I miss the hell out of Someburro's shredded beef chimichangas.  Fried crispy shell, slightly spicy red sauce, juicy shredded beef, and cool sour cream is my perfect meal.  I don't need any beans or rice to take up space in my stomach; I need all the stomach room I can find because the chimichanga is huge.    I was recently back in AZ and the first place I went to eat was the Someburro's that is down the street from where I grew up.   I was instantly put into a state of bliss with my first bite; it was just as good as I had built it up in my head.   Sure I was stuffed after I was done, but I had to finish it since I only get one every couple of years. Thank you Someburro's for being consistently good all of these years!
3	Run of the mill place.  More authentic than Chipotle and Chevy's.  It is similar to Filibertos.  The food is on the bland side and a little pricey for what you get.  I am still not use to the Arizona style of Mexican food where part of the ingredients of a burrito (burros) are served outside of it as a garnish on the plate!  It is nearly impossible to insert it in afterwards, espcially if you get a wet burrito.
4	Oh ACK someone elses totally incorrect assessment of the situation prompted me to write a second review as a retort. This place is totally dis-similar from Filbertos. PERIOD.
2	I had high hopes as a Coloradan in Arizona after I read all the other reviews on Yelp. My husband and I ordered the tamale, taco combo plate with green chili. It was the blandest food I've ever eaten, and it was swimming in cheese. There was no flavor at all in anything on the plate. Even Chipotle is better.My husband had avoided this place because its name is so stupid. Well, now we know the food is on the same level. We went because they offer a drive-through window if you call ahead. I think that's the best thing I can say about it.
2	had the bean burro. can't really mess up beans, but their hot sauce is too tomato-ey and not spicy enough.
4	This place has amazing chicken flautas. I love, love, love them. The rice is especialy flavorful. It's nice that you can sit down in a casual environment but they still bring the food to you...the serve complimentary chips and hot sauce, but their "veggie" salsa--really just regular salsa is delicious instead but you have to pay for it. The guacamole is just okay...it's pretty much just the mashed avacado with nothing else in it. Very reasonably priced. If I could make one suggestion it would be to include all white meat or at least offer it as an option. The meat in the pollo fundido is kind of iffy.
4	Pretty good! I had one of their special burros with a spicy beef and it looked small but it was very filling. One downer is they didn't have any agua fresca. Not sure if this is always the case or they ran out. I would definitely like to go back and to try other dishes.
5	This is the standard in Mexican food. It's take out and it's not too fancy, but it certainly gets the job done. My parents went to ASU and lived within a stone's throw Someburros and I have 'grown up' on its food.
1	Gross.I love Mexican and New Mexican cuisine, but this is just the most bland, arterie-clogging mess.  I've been here three times, and each time has been as bad as the last.  Sadly, they're very close to Solo Cafe, so I've made the poor choice to eat there after a day of studying on occasion.  I always regret it.No flavor, lots of styrofoam packaging and plastic utensils, microwaved cheese, and no spice to it.  Save your money.
3	Surprised to see a couple of negative reviews on this place.  Ok, so its not mindblowingly spectacular.  But, if you expected culinary brilliance from a place that is located in a glorified strip mall and serves salsa in a ketchup bottle, you should probably reevaluate your expectations.  I always enjoy a good ol' fashion Bean and Cheese Burrito or the Chicken Avocado Salad.  I love their spicy salsa and usually use the salsa instead of dressing on the salad.  We have used their catering service for a couple big family parties and everyone always enjoys it.
2	OK i have try-ed this place 5 times now and every time it was bland, no taste. but i think that's the way it goes in AZ, people that grew up here have no taste they just eat where and whatever is there and like it lol Cervantes on mill/southern is fresher and taste better!
3	Overall this place isn't so bad for a quick mexican food place. It's not like eating at a restaurant or anything like that. The food portions are pretty great and sold at a fair price. I really liked their salsa and I felt it was nice and flavorful. I'd say this place is a small step up from Filbertos.The staff here, however, were really rude. They seemed to want to rush everyone around.
4	I get to eat at their Chandler location whenever I'm in town visiting friends. It's a nice change of pace from the Mexican food you find in California. The open face cheesecrisp is a great one to share and the taquitos and guacamole are my favorite. The atmosphere is nice and it's always clean. This is a great place if you're looking for a quick and delicious lunch.
4	As a midwestern transplant I have come to appreciate the greatness of having a good taco shop in the neighborhood. I live close to Someburros so it is my go-to place when I need a taco quick.I've been going to Someburros for quite a while and never had anything that I didn't like. Their tacos are solid, tostadas are good, rice and beans are good - really everything on the menu is worth eating.But this past weekend I tried a menu item I had not tried before - the beef and potato taco. It's midwest meets southwest and my Minnesota tastebuds were jumping for joy with the first bite. I know it sounds weird to have potatoes in a taco but seriously this thing is awesome. Ground beef with a little bit of taco seasoning, bits of potato, cheese and lettuce stuffed into a hard shell taco - yum!!This discovery may be dangerous considering the proximity to my house.
2	Um, thanks yelpers for the LIES! So i woke up from a nap today and me and the little child growing inside of me NEEDED a burrito. I told the bf to get on yelp and Someburros showed up with tons of reviews and a good amount of stars.We arrive at Someburros and I see a good number of people inside so I'm thinking there's hope.. I've finally found a good mexican place in Arizona! But HAH! was I wrong.... let me break it down for you:-I ask the girl if she has what I've been craving.. a big carne asada burrito. You know, the kind you can get at all other normal mexican restaurants? She says "oh we don't have carne asada here, we only have shredded beef and ground beef". (UH wtf?)-we order a shredded beef burrito with some kind of sauce, then we ask what comes in it.. the girl says "just meat and sauce". We ask if we can put anything else in it and she says no. We look at the menu and all of their burritos have basically nothing in them!- We realize that their burritos are basically giant soft taquitos, so we order this deep fried chicken burrito thing that's on sale on Wednesdays because it looked like it had the most ingredients in it. -The chicken thing comes out, and for being "on sale" for 5 dollars, it was pretty small for the price.I left full, but unhappy. It's definitely better than that nasty Filibertos, but at least Filibertos has carne asada!! If anyone knows of a good place to get a burrito, PLEASE send me a message.
2	TWO BIG THUMBS DOWN! I do not know if it is just me but arizona does not have good mexican food. Someburros should not even be classified as mexican food to be honest. maybe its because i'm from California, and we got all the good mexicans. a burrito here consist of beef or chicken wrapped in a tortilla! with nothing else! no way hombre! and they don't even have carne asada, its ground beef. luckily i was there on the right evening where they had a chimichanga for $5 that came with a little more than just meet. and the only reason i ate it was because i was starving and then it was still only "ok".recommendation- keep driving till you see taco bell
2	Not a  fan. Filabertos is definately a whole lot better and has better prices.
4	We frequent Someburros quite often.  We always order El Pollo Fundido everytime we got because we know it's going to taste good everytime we come in.  I've ordered other things on the menu and always go back to Pollo Fundido.  They make the food super quick even when they are really busy!  It's always clean in the dining area and the bathrooms too.  Everytime someone visits from out of town i take them there and they like it a lot.   We've gone to their other locations and it's always consistent as well.
4	Okay, so, my best of friends lived next door to this place for a couple years and would always tell me that Someburros was just "Okay" at best. On the weekend before they move away, I come to visit and they finally take me here. I feel like my friends were holding out on me, Someburros is delicious.
1	Someburros food is quite flavorless, to the extent it doesn't seem possible. The pollo fundido simply tasted like a bland fried tortilla with chicken that had the right texture, but no taste to speak of.It is really a miracle that they could made such boring mexican fare. Even the hot sauce, which had the right color and a tad bit of heat, lacked evidence of taste that it may have come from chili pepper.The one redeeming feature of this place is the staff was very pleasant. But the food certainly is not worth the visit.
4	I really like their shredded beef tacos and machaca.Although, I keep forgetting to tell them "No papas en mi Machaca por favor!Reasonably priced and each location I have visited (3 so far) has been doing great business!I am a fan.
4	What make Some Burros is their hot sauce. What usually makes my friends and I crave Some Burros is their hot sauce. As with all Mexican restaurants, their hot sauces usually vary and some are different. I don't know how well I can explain their sauce other than it's red, it comes with your food, it has lots of pepper seeds, and it's just the right amount of hot. We go through a TON of it. I don't understand why they have a bean burrito, plain, you have to add cheese...but when you add the cheese...yummers. Their tortillas are nice and soft but thick and strong at the same time. When I ate meat, I discovered their Shredded Chicken and bean burrito. Holy cow! Most juicy and tender chicken ever...so delicious with beans and of course I added cheese. It seems like a crime to even put sauce on this particular burrito it's so good. The rice here is good. I usually don't eat crunchy tacos because of the oil and shell but they don't serve them soft here...and let me tell you...their shredded beef taco is yummer-ee-no! Enchiladas good, quesadilla good, chips and hot sauce, yeah yo. Overall, standard Taco shop prices, consistent food, good quality, hot sauce it great, and plus one for having a pick-up window for phone orders.
4	I love the pollo fundido and baraccho burrito. Super no frills, yummy Mexican food. Decent prices. Clean and quick, lots of choices. Go for 5 dollar fundido Wednesdays!
4	Decent mexican food.  It is pretty good when you need a change from Chipotle.  Good deals, good food.
5	If I'm in Tempe and I want a mean bean and cheese burro, this is the place I'm going to go.  To me, there is no better place to get one.
2	I have been to Someburros a few times now... and I have to say I am not too impressed with this place on this trip I ordered the Crudo Burro - (Tender machaca beef combined with a spicy, light green tomatillo sauce with beans. The beans had no flavor really I covered them with salsa the burro had way to much extra tortilla but the meat in side was really good could have gave me a pile of that on my plate would have been a better meal... So I am not sure if I will go out of my way to revisit this spot.
4	Not only does the veggie burro rock my world, but the chips and salsa make my life complete. I easily eat here 1-2 times a week (as embarrassing as it is). It's the perfect place for lunch with the outdoor seating so you don't get that food smell on your clothes for the rest of the afternoon.
1	Not all burritos are created equal, but Someburritos is just "plain" nasty. I thought the idea behind the burrito was more than just meet in a tortilla, which makes this a literally PLAIN burrito. if i wanted a large taco, i would have ordered a large taco. the taste was bland at best, their hot sauce is more of a tomato sauce than anything else.  I probably should have read some reviews before ordering. Everything including salsa costs extra... I literally walked out without eating. Service was what you would expect from a burrito joint, nothing stellar.
4	Perfect place to have a quick bite to eat if you're in the mood for Mexican food, and the chimichangas are delicious!
3	I like to go through the drive thru, but i have eaten inside before as well. If you are inside they give you lots of chips, on the to go orders ,no. I got the green chili bean and cheese burro with rice and beans.  It is ok ,not the best. But it is very  cheap.       It is a quick meal when you are on the go.    I would rather have spicy and tasty, however i am sure i will go there again at some point.
4	Its been over a year since I have had someburros and man I had forgotten how much I really like their red chile sauce, it's the perfect blend of spices and heat!  We had a retirement party at work and Someburros catered the event, there was green chile & red chile mini burros, taquitos and even black bean burros for our veggie lovin friends at work.   It was a great little spread, plenty of chips and hot sauce, sour cream & even guacamole.  Good job Someburros! It was perfect for the party!
3	The chips and salsa are great in that they're free but the taste really isn't great, so I rarely eat them...But I do SO love the Pollo Fundido! Chicken is tender inside...ample jalapeno sour cream and a little bit of cheddar--YUM.
3	I like Someburros.  It's nothing fancy but they have good mexican food and quick service.  The red sauce is tasty.  I would't really travel out of my way to get here, but if I  I am near by I head in.
3	Their claim to fame seems to be the pollo fundido.  To that I say, I've had better.  While inexpensive, the fundido was a little salty and could have used more flavor, but all and all, not a waste of time. :). Salsa and chips are free for eat ins, and the salsa is yummy.  As for the best pollo fundido, I recommend Julio G's in Scottsdale and PV.
4	This place was super busy, but the food was good as it always is. Not much else to say, just go eat there!
4	Someburros may be my favorite Mexican place in Tempe. The enchilada I had was very good and the refried beans excellent. The shredded chicken and shredded beef in tacos were very good as well.My reason for really, really recommending Someburros is the honesty of the staff. After finishing our lunch and trying to manage busing the table and assisting my 91-year-old mother I left my New 32 gig iPad on our table. After realizing my mistake fifteen minutes later and returning to the restaurant a staff person smilingly assured me he had it. So I had a very tasty lunch and my faith in the kindness and honesty in people restored at the same time. Thank You Someburros! You are a great organization.
3	While some people swear by this place I cannot.  The food is decent clean New Mexican fare that is very average.  The restaurant itself is clean and is considered sit down fast food.  The price point is just right with meals between $5-$10 and free chips and salsa (Chipotle should note this!)  3.5 out of 5 stars for fair priced clean quasi Mexican cuisine.   I will stick to Polliberto's for Mexican food.
4	Oh Someburros...you are better in my memory than in real life...but Oh what memories....When I was in high school and lived in AZ my best friends and I would get Someburros all the time...it was where the entire universe was discussed and unfolded. Sometimes we would just get chips and salsa to go, but being there was better.Recently, I had Someburros on a trip to Phoenix, and was able to introduce my husband and baby to the joy that is Someburros. Not much has changed. I still love their salsa, which is really an amazing hot sauce. See...as soon as I get back to MN I dream about it!Things I love include the cheese enchiladas, the chicken burrito, and more recently, the chicken burrito with jalepeno cream cheese. But really, it's all good. And cheap. And a thousand times better for your memory and well-being than Taco Bell.
4	Some Burros is pretty darn good. I usually keep it simple with a carne asada or machaca burro. My friend and I ventured outside of the usual burrito/enchillada and tried to Mexican Pizza. It was pretty friggen bomb. AND it's cheap too! I would recommend ordering ahead because it takes a while and the guy servers can be a little creepy. Other than that this place is pretty good.
4	Solid 4 star American/Mexican food.  The take out drive through is super convenient on those busy nights.  My favorites are the rod burro and the borracho burro.    The tacos are good too.
3	The food is not bad, it wasn't the greatest.. I went to a different location years ago and thought it was really good, so came to this one and the food is not the greatest, but not bad either.  The place was pretty clean so that was a bonus.  I just didn't like the attitude of the girl who took the order... but what can you expect from teenagers, really?Probably won't be back in anytime soon but will always give something a second chance.
2	Honestly, not that exciting. I heard a lot of hype about it from ASU friends of mine but I wasn't impressed. It was just your run of the mill Mexican food. And I didn't like that you ordered at the counter and got your chips in a paper gravy boat. The whole concept of the resturant would flow so much easier if it was set up like a regular sit down Mexican resturant.But appreantly it makes wonderful hangover food. I dunno.
4	I have never been disappointed at this place. Great food!!!
5	The food is tasty and very reasonably priced!  The service is almost always good and fast, and the outdoor patio is nice when the weather cooperates.  Everything we've gotten there is good, but I'm partial to the beef and bean burro- it's on the way out from the Kiwanis Rec Center and nothing is better after a hard workout!
1	It had been years since I'd been to this location, and I will not be going back! Called in the order to be a quick pick up, ended up waiting at the window for 15 minutes for the staff trying to figure out how to split the check on two debit cards! Was treated very rudely by staff member Michelle & "manager" Sara, and upon getting home, the food was made incorrectly! Veggie burrito was just a bean and cheese. Thanks for the memories Someburros but your rude staff and inability to get the food right means it will be another 10 years before I give you my business!
5	Someburros is an excellent fast, great quality Mexican food. It could honestly make the cut for a food network show for fast food,fast service delicious Mexican with that blonde spiked hair dude, Guy.Try the pollo/shredded beef fundido or the classic tacos... Mmmm. The hot sauce is not for the faint heart, it's awesome.
4	The pollo fundido always seems to be the special when I go in. Always great. Lunch time is crazy so be prepaired but what great restraunt isnt.
1	If any restaurant were to rate a 0, it would be Someburros.  Between slow service and not being able to make a custom order, the white girls that run and manage this restaurant need to take a lesson from some Hispanic folk who run a home-owned operation.On arriving at the Someburros location in Tempe, 4:00 PM on Sunday afternoon, I observed about 1/3 of the tables had someone sitting there...all eating or waiting.  There was one person at the counter schmoozing with one of the order chickies...not placing an order, just speaking to her in a quietly nasty nasal voice.  The other chickie was bouncing between the drive-thru and the phone, while first girl flirted obliviously...I stood at the register for 2 minutes before chickie who was flirting realized I was ready to order.  She meandered over and asked what I wanted, for here or to go.  Being on the guacamole burrito quest, I let her know I wanted to order a custom burrito, specifically that contained guacamole, bacon, cheese, sour cream and raw onion. 4:04 PM I have a receipt for the order.Chickie created a 'burro' that was a Bacon&Egg Burro (3.85) with no potatoes, no egg, add  guacamole (1.35), add Sour Cream (.96) and onion (.15) for a total after tax of $6.89.  Chickie asked me if I wanted salsa and marked my receipt.  I moved back to a position in proximity to the delivery station.  Orders older than mine moved out through the line.  Several large orders made their way out and folks received them to carry home.  4:16, I am called...I picked up my order and headed out to pick up the Valley Metro Limo.Once at home, I opened up the burrito I received based on my order.  This was a 10" tortilla with cheese, sour cream and raw onion.  The meat I received had no visual resemblance to bacon.  It is a most unusual preparation of meat.  There is gristle in addition to fat and chunks that are bigger, have different consistency and remind me strikingly of ham.  There are pieces that feel and taste similar to bacon...just hard to know what it is I am eating.Most glaringly absent: guacamole.  I picked up my receipt and called the restaruant.  Michelle answered and asked immediately if she could put me on hold.  I asked how long she expected it to be and only heard a click in reply.  2 minutes later, Michelle picked up again and asked if I could hold.  I asked if I had to and she replied "Yes" before making the phone click again by putting me on hold.  2 minutes later, Michelle picked up again and told me to "Please hold" and pushed the button before I could reply.  When Michelle picked up for the 4th time, I cut her off before she could say "Please Hold" again by asking if the manager was available.  She said she was, laid the phone down (without putting me on hold) and went to get the manager.   Next, white girl Sara picked up the phone and asked how she could help me.  I shared that I was in about 30 minutes prior and ordered a custom burrito.  She said she remembered, and called me by name.  I told her the burrito had no guacamole and she asked me if I could return to the restaurant so she could give me the guacamole.  I advised I was riding the bus and the next round would not be available for over an hour.  She told me to hold onto the receipt, write her name on it, and next time I was by, she would give me a portion of guacamole.  I asked if the restaurant was busy and she replied that it was steady.  "Is it reasonable, then, for me to have waited 6 minutes and been put on hold 3 times?" Sara said that the girl running the phones may have been a bit overwhelmed and that it would not happen again.I am certain it will not happen again as I highly doubt I will waste my time returning to a hispanic restaurant run by white girls.
2	I live close to this place and I love burritos, so I thought this place could be a Wonderful match. Instead, I'm a more die hard qdoba guy than ever. These burritos were sub par, the prices were a bit much, and service was poor. I am a big supporter of local businesses but I won't support mediocrity. I'll pay more for quality, not to stick it to the man.
3	I've been going to Someburros over 20 years. It's standard "Americanized" Sonoran Mexican food, but it's tasty and quick. Their salsa is ok - not spicy enough for my taste, but it's much better than anything I get in Las Vegas. At least there's a little bit of heat. It's definitely a step up from Taco Bell, but that's about it. Their carne asada street taco's are probably the best thing on the menu.
1	This was our first time going to Someburros.  I've heard lots of people talk about it, but until recently had never eaten any of their food.  We recently went to a party where we learned that the party throwers had ordered all of the food from Someburros.  We were loved the hot sauce and decided that we had to go in and get some for ourselves.We went on Sunday afternoon and only ordered chips and hot sauce to go.  The chips were stale - had to toss them in the oven when we got home.  The hot sauce IS tasty.  The service is horrible at this place!  The server was annoyed by our questions, was unfriendly and seemed unhappy to be working.  We felt like we were bothering her rather than her being willing to offer up good customer service.  Despite the close proximity to our home, we won't be going back to this restaurant.  Rather, we'll be going to Chili's for their bottomless chips and salsa when we want a quick chips and salsa snack fix!
3	Horchaita was good as well as the free chips. Fish tacos were decent but it's still fast food.
3	Someburros is one of those places that gives me pause. I've had poor food here before, but it seems to be specific items (their chicken), as other items are quite good.This is definitely a gringo place. Everything starts bland, but you get a very nice hot sauce to put on whatever you like. They make a perfect quesadilla, but they call it a folded cheese crisp. (This is a nitpick, sure, but a cheese crisp should, I don't know, be crispy.)Every meal comes with chips which are tasty. Their enchiladas can be greasy, but I'm not sure if that is a complaint or a good thing. I enjoy their ground beef and potato tacos, but again they are hella-bland. Keep the hot sauce handy. The beans and rice in the combo platters are solid winners.The North Scottsdale location uses ceramic plates and honest to god metal cutlery, but this Tempe (Mill) location uses foam plates and plastic cutlery. In my mind, this says a lot for the location. Neither method of serving/eating food impacts the flavor, just the atmosphere. I imagine the Tempe location may save a little money on washing dishes/cutlery as a result.In the end, Someburros is good if you want Mexican food, at a good price and are in the area. I would go only a little out of my way to eat there.
3	Ok, we used to *love* this place.  But over the years it has gotten more and more inconsistent.  Different cooks? Dunno.  They have mixed up to-go orders a lot. Sometimes the burritos are small, sometimes medium sized.  Soooooo, when they get it right, the food is good.  But I'm loosing my patience with their sloppiness/inconsistencies.
4	I would come here again for sure! I had an enchilada and a taco and both were really good. I went here based on other peoples reviews and I was very happy. Awesome horchata as well ! :)
3	My husband and I have been looking for good Mexican restaurants since we moved here last year. We have gotten food from here a few times now. There are pros and cons. They have a drive thru which we have used every time to get our food which is nice and convenient. I have only ever had their cheese enchiladas which I do like. My husband likes their taquitos. Their rice is also good. What I don't like about this place is that they charge you for tortilla chips AND they charge you a separate price for salsa (hot sauce)(for to-go orders at least). Perhaps it is because we have only done to-go orders, but the chips have always been cold and in need of a lot of salt, and that is saying a lot for me because I am not a fan of salty food.  I would recommend giving them a try, but if you taking it to go, buy your own bag of chips.
3	Went here with my family. Was not impressed so much. Place was not that busy but still took forever. Even saw our waitress talking with some guy at the counter while we had to wait. Food was ok but had better as far as Mexican goes. Won;t be back any time soon. Sorry.
4	Wow, it's really been 7 years since I first reviewed Someburros! I'm still a big fan of the rod burro, but it's such a big meal that I usually only get it if I'm starving or sharing it with someone. Some of my current favorites are the cheese crisps with guacamole or with green chile, the veggie burro, the chicken and bean burro, and the tacos are still quite good. The salsa is still nicely hot and spicy, and the addition of carne asada, fish, and breakfast adds to their menu variety. While I appreciate that they're branching out with new foods, the fish tacos that I tried when they first introduced them to the menu were really not very appealing. They were overcooked, bland, and super oily. Hopefully they've perfected their recipe since then!The outdoors seating is nice when the weather is not too hot, and they don't mind if you bring your dog with you to sit outside. Sure it's not gourmet dining. But when you're hungry, craving a fast, filling meal for a reasonable price, Someburros is a good choice!
4	The horchaitas are the best ive tasted... So far.
4	I am a big fan of Someburros, I have been coming here for a long time and I am sure that some of how I feel about this place is that it holds good memories for me. They are always friendly here, it is casual, and you can just sit and talk and eat chips.
2	Meh. It was really nothing special. I should know better than to stray from America's Taco Shop.
2	Only ate here once.  The service was nothing to write home about.  The food is very lackluster--tastes like they buy all of their ingredients in the "Mexican" section at Restaurant Depot and throw them together to fool the gringos (whom, I might add, appear to be the ones here on Yelp who gush the most about the food).  Not "authentically Mexican" and not all that delicious.  Not the worst I've ever had . . . but don't go there believing the hype--you might be just as disappointed as we were.
4	Oh Pollo Fundido where have you been all of my life.I have never actually eaten here until recently. My company always gets party trays from here for our holiday open house and they are always very good and very popular with the guests and employees.One day last month a coworker says we should go to this place for lunch. They are having a special on their Pollo Fundido. What is that? Oh it is really good. You should try it. Ok. Let's go. Hope it is good. We get there at lunch time and the place is hopping. Pretty busy. Get up to the counter after a little bit of a wait and say the secret password to get the deal. Food comes out just a few minuets after the order is placed and it is back to the office to eat.First bite: WOW THIS IS REALLY GOOD! Mmmmmmm. How did I not know about this. My coworker tells me that Someburros Pollo Fundido is good but another place makes it better. Better than this? I don't know if I could handle that because this is really good. I have had it a few times now and it is still just as good as the first time. I don't know if I will ever get to try anything else on the menu because the Pollo Fundido is so good. Maybe one day.Why are you still sitting there reading this? Get over there now and order one. Do it. Right now. But it is after lunch. So go anyway. It can be a second lunch or an early dinner. But they are closed. So sit outside of the door and wait for them to open. Just get over there and try one now. Right now. Go. Pollo Fundido!!!!!!
4	We have been eating here for over 20 years.  This is a order at the counter kind of place and the food is quite good.  The veggie burro is a favorite for several in our family, and of course the cinnamon crispies disappear off the table very quickly.  The wait staff is always friendly, and the whole place has a family atmosphere, and people who eat here are just friendly.  Mary Sanchez helps with the tables and cleans up and always makes you smile she is so enthusiastic.   I see others complaining in these reviews that it is a gringo place, but the cooks are not, most of the wait staff are not and and most times at least half of the customers are not.We have  several Mexican food places we like, and Mexican food is a little like love, it's in the eye of the beholder.  This is just good family food, nothing fancy.
1	I ordered a cheese enchilada combo to-go. It took about 25 minutes. They were not particularly busy, maybe 10-15% capacity. Several people were seated and served while I waited. No priority for to-go orders.
4	I went here for the first time yesterday with the boyfriend. He grew up going here and loves it. Its a cute little restaurant and PACKED. The staff is very nice and everything is quick and clean. I forget the name of what I got but it was chicken with cream cheese melted over top. It was huge and delicious and we also got a cheese crisp with guac, which you cant really go wrong with that.I also had a horchada which was yummy and the perfect dessert. I'd definitely go here again since they have the more mild Mexican for me and it makes the boyfriend happy. Make sure to text the little thing they have on the flyer since you get a little freeby perk!
5	This place is great! The service was really fast..!  My girlfriend and I got our breakfast burritos just minutes after ordering.  The Diablo breakfast burrito is one of the best I've ever had!! Staff was real cool.. Nice and tidy looking place.. Am definitely hittin this place up again soon!
5	Love this place! Their beef taquitos are my fav and my husband loves their breakfast burrito (eggs, bacon, cheese, potatoes). I would highly recommend this place. The pick up window is also a nice option if you don't feel like waiting.
4	Decided to take a break from Chipotle and check out this local chain. We got a few different burritos and tacos. I'm a sucker for good Mexican and this was pretty darn good. I mean it's semi-fast foodesque, but not so much as Filiberto's. I've only had my meals to go, so I can't comment on the dining experience, but the staff has been helpful and I like it when they include lots of sauces! Arrriba!
2	Got a taco salad today for lunch and it was pretty good up until I had seen how much water was in the bottom. I attached a picture of how watered down my taco salad was. It ruined it for me. The only thing that was really good was the top of the taco shell. I'm glad they wash the lettuce but I guess they don't bother with trying to get as much water out of it as possible before putting it in your food.
2	I got the Mexican Pizza because Abby D. said it was good, it tasted like freezer burn. I would give 1 star buuuuuut they give away free samples of their party burros and taquitos, and those were good!
4	Since I work right around the corner from this Tempe restaurant, this is a go to place for weekday lunch. But you better get there early, because the small restaurant fills up fast. Good, fresh and tasty Mexican food. I usually get the chicken/avocado salad and then add a lot of the red chili sauce. You have your choice of dressing too, and I go with the jalapeno ranch. They have a drive through for take out, but you have to call ahead.
5	We have been regulars at the Tempe and Chandler Mall Someburros for years.  A family owned restaurant with old family recipes.  You order at the registers then they bring you the food, so it isn't fancy but, it is delicious. The prices are super reasonable and the usually have a daily special.My kids love the bean burros or chicken taquitos.  I love everything from the big burros, pollo fundido (like the sauce on the side), tacos, tostadas.  My favorite are the refried beans. I am not a big fan of the rice but my kids like it.At our annual Cookie Exchange with my Tia's we serve the mini-burro platter (red, green and bean).  My family is Mexican-American and they eat the eat them up.
3	Counter people need to know what they are serving. Three different people were clueless when I popped the "white chicken " question. Finally, they said it was white meat, but a chicken burrito at this place only contains chicken in a tortilla for 4 bucks. Nothing else is inside - that is not a burrito in my mind. I ended up with the egg, onion and potato breakfast burro, which was small, but pretty good. Everything was well cooked and it wasn't as huge as some other places breakfast burros. The hot sauce was watery and had no taste, but the mild was better with more flavor and still a small bite. Chips are not included to-go. This is some sort of americanized mexican food despite what they tell you on website. Might be back for breakfast again, which is great that is served all day.
4	Food is good, very inexpensive...quick.  Service is fairly good.  Pollo Fundido is awesome, their taco's are good, great guacamole!  Love the churro's too!
4	I miss this place so much!! I just moved to Colorado and I want a sombreros here!
2	The one fantastico thing I can say about Someburros is, the hot sauce is wonderful. Otherwise, they aren't very good at getting orders right, and if you try to order something custom, they will immediately become annoyed with you and rude.  My child, like most kids, will only eat very plain items.  I've been going there for some time and have been trying to customize simple orders for her...For example, mini chimis with no toppings, but they still can't ever get it right.  I finally tried to eat there at the restaurant with a family member, and they couldn't even make her the right item she ordered.  So when she told the server that it wasn't what she ordered, the server actually talked her back into taking the item he brought out.  The couple sitting directly next to our table had the exact same problem...ordered one thing, got another.  Cesar is a big part of the problem.  He is rude and shouldn't be waiting on the public.  Stick him in the kitchen where he can be rude to the other employees, not the patrons!!! Adios Someburros!
2	Waited for 20 for an average breakfast burrito. Average at best. Definitely nothing special about this place.
2	If i could rate the food and service separate, the food would be 4 1/2 stars and the service 1 star. When we moved to the area, I was so excited to be fairly close to a someburros cause I love the food. The first time we visited, the girl at the register barely acknowledged our presence, let alone looked up at us, as we ordered. When we pointed it out to the manager on duty he apologized, and we were treated better.  However, the young lady was upset and glared at us our entire meal. In the end we wrote it off as a one time, bad day. The second time we came, they got my order wrong and when I had the nerve to ask for it to be corrected, I was greeted with annoyance.  Once again I pointed this out to the manager on duty and he apologized profusely.  This time we walked away with a gift card. The next time we came in, I of course used the gift card and the manager recognized me. I can assume that is why that visit went off without a hitch.  However, this time proved to be the breaking point. My birthday was a week ago. I tell you this because I got an email from them today regarding their new birthday special. Since my birthday was a week ago I assumed it was one of the regular emails were they were offering me a free entree because it was my birthday and it was just late. However, as we learned from the  rude manager on duty, we read it wrong, and it was only an informational email,  and therefore we would not be getting any discount.At no point, did the manager apologize for the misunderstanding or try to hide her irritation that I did misunderstand.  Customer service is a huge part of my eating out experience.  It's why i don't eat at fast food restaurants often.  As I told the manger, there are plenty of  places to get good Mexican food  around there, so we won't be going to Someburros again anytime soon.
3	This place used to be so much better. I would come in from DC and my whole family would go here and get copious amounts of tacos. They are decent but with so much competition you need to stand out to survive. The beef tacos were ok but lacked serious flavor. The breakfast burrito was uninspired and was kind of soggy. The green chile salsa was very bland as well. The portions are large and the normal salsa is quite tasty but overall there is better Mex to be had.
1	I was looking for some good Mexican food and found someburros on yelp so my family went there for dinner. The food was good, but my fiancee and daughter end up getting possibly food positioning. They were up all night and the next day in the bathroom.
3	We've been eating here since 1992. It isn't the same since Renee (the manager) moved to the Scottsdale location. The food is still good, but we used to feel welcomed when we went in...everyone knew our name and our family. Now we go and we are just another paying customer.
4	I like Someburros -- pretty basic but good, fast and cheap.  What more can you ask for?
3	Tried this place for the first time the other night. Ordered to go and was really surprised when I got to the restaurant and the line was just about to the door. I ordered a bean tostada, rice & beans and the vegetable salsa and guacamole. The bean tostada was not impressive at all. Very plain. But, everything else delicious. I loved the salsa. I will definitely try something they're more known for next time.
5	Best green chili on the market. I want to be buried alive in Someburro's green chili.
4	I have been coming here since I was a little kid. Everything I have ever tried was great. Would highly recommend trying it out. Great hot sauce although don't eat a whole bottle because you will pay for it later !
5	Best bean burro in town for me, love it with guacamole.
4	Saw the article about the "magical" burrito and decided to finally try this place.  It seems a tad pricey for what seems to be a taco shop, but the employees were friendly and I am guessing by the amount of time it took to receive my order that they are all made to order.  The main issue that I had was I had also gotten 2 chorizo, egg, potato  burritos and added cheese, can't really recall any potatoes, but there sure were A LOT of egg shells in my burrito.  The Fundido burrito was pretty good, better with their hot sauce, and the chicken chimi with red sauce was good.
4	Great fast serve Mexican.  All made fresh.  Love the El Diablo breakfast burrito and their beef tacos.
5	Idk what these poor reviews are about. I love the staff and the food is on point. They are always gracious, even at 9am when I show up. I grew up eating nothing but Mexican food. The borracho burro is a must try if you like green chili.I come here almost every Thursday. Definitely a good weekly treat. Also, the place looks fantastic since the remodel.
4	My mom is obsessed with this place, I think mostly because of the huge bags of tortilla chips that she eats for days but anywho the only thing I ever order from here is the chicken or cheese red sauce enchiladas with rice and beans. I do looooove it and sometimes if I'm in the mood for their meat quesadilla/cheese crisp. Other than that I don't really like anything else. Their little containers of red salsa is eh and the large container of chunky red salsa is so gross! I don't know why my mom orders that too all the time but it's flavorless and it just has the wrong ingredients for red salsa.I gave it a 4 star because I love my same exact meal every single time.
4	I love Someburros, although I have to admit I always order the same thing (combo #1.) The chips and salsa are fantastic. If you like it hot order the salsa verde sometime. Combo #1 includes: cheese enchilada, taco (choice of chicken or shredded beef), and beans. I like to smother the whole plate in Someburros red salsa and then dig in! Everything tastes fresh and comforting. The restaurant on Baseline and Mill is my favorite, but it's small and can get crowded. The place is always neat, clean and friendly. It's not a fast food joint, nor is it fancy dining--somewhere in between.One last note: you probably won't see it on the menu but they do serve bottled beer.
5	Someburros is Amazing if you are ever in a hurry and want fast but delicious and authentic Mexican food then look no further! The pollo fundido is huge and delicious the carne asada very authentic and the chorrizo is my personal favorite you can get it in almost anything!
4	Super fast friendly service. Great hot sauce.The bean burrito is REALLY good. It's almost like dessert. The fish tacos are pretty good too.What else do you need?
3	Soooooo good! Love this place for fast and cheap but yummy Mexican food. My favorite is the carne asada tacos but my boyfriend never gets anything but the pollo fundido.
4	Good quality fast food Mexican lunch for a reasonable price. It's consistent and it's clean. I like that they have gone green with real plates, silverware and glasses. Free chips and salsa when you dine in. The salsa is actually hot sauce and I like it.  I had the No. 1 combo which is a taco, cheese enchilada, rice and beans. It's served very hot, meaning right out of the kitchen It's not a fancy restaurant, but it's 10 notches above a Taco Bell.
1	Two out of the last three times the quality was very poor....burro with very little meat and enchiladas with very little cheese...and they skimped on the beans and rice too......called to complain to management and received comps for next visit but really disappointed in recent visits.
5	Fantastic food!  Cool atmosphere. Seems to be pretty popular. Small place. Great selection. Sauces are fantastic!  Might be some of the best food I have ever had!  Would go here again in a heartbeat!
2	Went here for lunch today. The staff was friendly and retaurant was clean. I made a food order to go for co-workers. I ordered the Pancho Villa. Presentation looked good. It tasted decent. My friend also ordered the Pancho Villa and we both commented on how the there was layers of the tortilla. Its like they use extra large tortillas and quadruple wrap them to give a little girth. So if you peel the layers away its really not that big. Every thing tasted ok but didnt blow me away. With Mexican restaurants being a dime a dozen I probally won't be back. Sorry.
