3	Decent food with a laid-back atmosphere. The burgers are very good, and the Brewer's Club is excellent (if you like focaccia). Stay away from the non-standard stuff like their Mexican or novelty sandwiches. I've been disappointed every time I tried to venture into that territory. The main dishes are generally pretty good, with my personal favorites being the Hazelnut Crusted Chicken and the Meatloaf. It's a great place to have lunch uptown. When the weather is nice you can sit on the patio and people watch. It's a safe place to bring non-adventurous lunch guests, as the food and atmosphere will have them feeling right at home.
4	It's spring, a warm breeze, you want to sit on a patio somewhere and have a beer, a good meal and hang out... this was the over whelming recommendation and they delivered.  I think Jennifer's review from aol was right on is stating "Rock Bottom Brewery is the Tom Hanks of Center City dining -- all-American, unassuming and very, very popular."I went with a client and this spot has a little something for everyone (even home brewed root beer for those that don't drink - an excellent selection btw).  I sampled the burger and made me question my selection, however, I had to try the fish tacos because of the way they were served.  Side note, the only item I've ever loved on the taco bell menu was the double decker tacos because of the soft and hard shells... well this is the way their fish tacos are served, only with cheese holding the blue corn shell to the soft taco wrap.  I've had better fish tacos but this is still something I'd order again.  Lunchers tend to take their time and the service is always attentive, not pushy and generally very accommodating to the diner.  If you're in uptown and want a good beer (summer wheat and stouts were excellent), some americana fair or just a good spot to bring a client, this place is a great selection.  Enjoy
3	first off, me and my wife went here many times since moving to charyork [since everybody here is from nyc!!!]lol.  the fist two times the food was great! let me recomend the spicy nachos!!! omg! the best! in charlotte! and the shrimp and grits! southern perfection! but the 3rd times the charm! were in the hell did they get there waiter staff from the circus! these guys and gals have no sense of whats going onin the kitchen. if better give your waiter or waitess step by step directions on our food! but for the money and qulity of food rock bottom gets passed on the chop block!
2	I visited Charlotte and decided to go here, cause it was crowded. The wait was 35-50 minutes. I really didn't know what to choose --- so i end up ordering Beer Battered Fish and Chips (os os) and the ribs and chicken combo w/ fries (os os). There was nothing really special about the food. Charlotte doesn't have much to offer when it comes to food =P
4	It's rock bottom, you know what you're gonna get. We have this in DC and San Diego. Friends kids loved the pizza and fruit cup. Most even stayed on the table and not on the floor. this was a major accomplishment.  The milk and apple juice must have tasted great as well as they both had refills.I had the Hawaiian Chicken which was really tasty, pineapple, rice pilaf and green beans.  Next time maybe something not "chainy", but this did hit the spot. no wait at around 7pm on a Monday. outdoor seating too - a+
3	not thrilling, not disappointing.  RB is average across the board.  Try the Hazelnut Crusted Chicken.
4	Ate here the other night and would TOTALLY go back. Very spacious, awesome bar and outdoor seating available. I had the Hawaiin Chicken dish - you have to try this, it was incredible! They chicken was so juicy and cooked perfectly, with pineapple sauce on top and rice pilaf underneath. I am craving it again as I type this. It is also very cool to walk into a place and order your beer by saying "red, ale, amber, port" etc. I will definitely be back.
4	Better-than-average bar food with a great atmosphere. It's kind of a standard place to find yourself in nights out uptown...you won't expect to have your socks knocked off by anything, but you also won't have a bad time. It's spacious, too, so it's a great place to start the night off with a big group of friends. It's a decent place to bring kids as well...the menu is pretty diverse in terms of bar food, so it's good for families. My favorite part of this spot is the outdoor seating. You don't get a much better outdoor seating experience...you're right in the heart of uptown at one of the busiest intersections. It's fun to sit out there alone and just observe what happens. It's also a great venue for events. I attended a work-related party here, and the service was great. We all had a good time.
3	So I ate here for lunch & it was my 1st trip to the place. If you are to head here, it seems better suited to be a dinner or late night visit.First off, this place encompasses half a city block...well not really, but it is pretty huge. We decided to sit outside on the patio, but the inside looked huge, with a large bar, 2 pool tables, & several seating areas. The place wasn't too packed, but it was after the lunch crowd hour so I'm sure we caught it at a light time.As for the menu, while very good, it's just a little heavy for a lunch menu. Maybe I ordered something a little too filling, but from what I saw on the menu, everything was more suited to the dinner crowd. If they had lunch portions, then I think this could make it a little better place to grab lunch. The food was great though & I'd definitely consider going back for dinner next time.The one thing I regret not doing was ordering one of their beers. I've heard how good some of them are & was planning on ordering a pint, but my meal was too filiing & I couldn't see myself downing anything else.I'll be back for dinner here next time, & remember to order my beer before I eat my meal.
3	We like this place for casual lunches and dinners. It's right in the heart of downtown and it's huge--lots and lots of tables, along with a huge bar and plenty of outside seating--so it's pretty convenient for all sorts of days and times. It gets pretty crowded, especially during the lunch crunch, but because of its size, you'll never really have to wait all that long. My girlfriend lives for their fish tacos, so if that's your thing, order away. I like their burgers and sandwiches--great club sandwich, good fish and chicken sandwiches, good reubens, great chicken finger sandwich. Roch Bottom features a lot of standard pub food, done up a little nicer than the options you'd find at most places. Though it's original, Rock Bottom has more of an Outback or Applebees feel than a pub. Not a bad thing. They've got a great selection of beers, many of which are, obviously, their own creations. Try 'em all. They're really good.
4	Stopped by here during a recent swing through Charlotte on biz. I was looking for an relaxed "Pub-food-plus" type of joint with good beer and in Rock Bottom, I found it. The bar staff was helpful and generous with samples from their 8ish original beers. The Brown Ale is delicious (and award winning) and my favorite of the group.While Rock Bottom features beer, they hang their hat on food. The nachos were loaded with fixin's, and the chili is chunky and decidedly above-average. It's a relaxed, inviting and warm destination for anyone looking for an afterwork drink or evening out.
4	I like Rock Bottom.  It's in a great location Uptown and offers a good American menu in a nice, casual setting.  I can always count on great food and great service.   If you want a "light" meal, they have an abundance of salads to choose from.  I'm working my way through each of them, but I haven't had a disappointing one yet and they're each very filling.  If I'm a little hungrier or craving a hot meal, I tend to go with the Blue Crab Stuffed Chicken or the Hazelnut Crusted Chicken.  Mmm... they're both melt-in-your-mouth good.  Then I usually wash them down with whatever brewed-on-the-spot beer they have on special, preferably something light.  Rock Bottom is a good place to take eaters that don't like to experiment with gourmet food (but you can still find something gourmetish yourself!), out-of-town guests, or even a date for a nice, casual get-to-know-you meal in nice surroundings without any pretension.  It can even serve as a great standby if everything else Uptown is too crowded or you can't decide where to eat.  You'll never be disappointed.
4	Great location in Uptown. Awesome to sit outside and people watch. The menu at any Rock Bottom is semi boring, but if you just want food one step up from Friday's (read: just order a burger and you'll be happy), then this place is good. Fun for after Alive After Five downtown. The bathrooms at this place are pretty cool-- you get to see all the brewery things in the back. Even though it's a large restaurant, I'd try to make a reservation or at least call ahead if you know you are coming-- sometimes the wait here gets just a little north of uncomfortably long.
5	We had a large group eat here on Friday and a few of us returned on Sunday. The food was great and so was the service. If you go ask for Phillip to serve you. It has a fun atmosphere.
4	Very conveniently located at the top of the Blue Line, just a short block and half over to Tryon, you can't miss the Rock Bottom facade. I was meeting a friend for a semi-business lunch, so I wasn't able to try any of their house brewed beers (they server Kaliber, but they don't have their own non-alcoholic beer). The back of their lunch menu is all booze - 11 different martinis and 4 different margaritas and a whole bunch more. Definitely a full bar here!I had read over the previous Yelpers before going, so I had one of their salads - the Goat Cheese and Hummus. It was a huge scoop of hummus (at least a cup, maybe more) with a dressing tossed salad on top of sliced flatbreads. Way too much food, the hummus was sharp and tasty with just enough garlic that it was delicious but not so much that I was worried about my breath heading back to the office. Maybe there could have been more goat cheese, but that's just me complaining because it was good!My friend had some sort of cheese topped grilled chicken with fries. While it was good, I absolutely won the competition. ;-)A very pleasant experience. I'd have no problem going back here if I'm Uptown.
4	This is a great  stop for a meal if your going to a Bobcat's game or any event at Time Warner arena.They have covered garage parking for just $5 and a menu that just won't quit. They've got something for everyone.Try the Mahi tacos, two fresh and flavorful,  crispy tacos, covered with a soft flour tortilla...the flavor screams at you...!If it's busy, you can get a game of pool on the two billiard tables or sit at the bar and enjoy on of the many big screen plasmas. It's a five mimute walk to the Bobcat's and the Blue Line Lynx with easy access stop to Panthers.
5	Great Place, great beer and the Fish Tacos are kick ass!!!
3	Checked this place out while on vacation. They had pretty decent food but the atmosphere was very chain restaurant like. But great beer!
4	Looking for the perfect Mojito???  Well look no further!    Rock Bottom has by far the tastiest Pinapple Mojitos.   I stop by Rock Bottom atleast once each time I am in the Charlotte area.    What brings me here? The mojitos and the apple bread pudding.  The steaks, wings, shrimp are good -- but not the reason that keeps me coming back.  Note:  You can park in the parking garage and get your ticket validated for 2 hours of free parking.
3	I tried all their beers; the seasonal was OK, stout was great.  Rest of them were not good IMO.  Food is so so - not really worthy of 3 stars and wait time was long but it was a Saturday prom evening so it's OK.  They got the third star from me for the service; waitress was great and once seated, service was extremely prompt and courteous.  I guess they made it a point to train their staff in explaining their different brews so that was nice.
3	Pretty good, not bad, but nothing I would crave or get excited about so, a solid 3 stars in my book. Friendly service and seemed like a good place for huge groups (there's no way any one there could have missed the giant family reunion here where everyone wore the exact same patterned clothing in shirt or dress form!) Food was good, pretty good pizza (too thin and floppy for me), jambalaya was pretty good, spicy, and was made with orzo pasta. Parking didn't seem like too much of a pain, there was a lot across the street and a garage attached to the building. Overall, it was pretty alright.
4	Our first time visit today. Food was very good and service was great. !
3	You definitely don't want for choices with the Rock Bottom menu.  They cover all sorts of ground in the American/Tex-Mex/Americanized Ethnic food types.  But of course, most places with big menus have lots of food that is between pretty good and pretty mediocre.  I had an okay bowl of chili, my guest had a chicken pot pie  that she did not care for.  Burgers and sandwiches are solid.  We all loved the excellent, addictive fries: they're the thin snacky types full of potatoey flavor.Oh man and I tried the seasonal beer - a bock - which was a pretty good deal.  We figured that it was 25% more beer than the standard serving but at only 12.5% higher cost.  Anyway the brew was a knockout.  Don't drink it on an empty stomach, but do drink it.
3	This place is okay. What I like is their own unique selection of beers they have to offer. Since they brew theri own on site and have many different "flavors" to choose from this makes this place above par for actual bar food fare. Their hops have a bitter taste so I wouldn't say their crafted beers are for everyone, they would best be enjoyed by IPA lovers.Their bar food menu is alright, their fish tacos are pretty good. This is a good last minute place to check out a brew a snack and catch some updates on your favorite sports on their flat screens strategically placed through out the bar.
2	I'd have to say it was no where near an awesome experience. We tried to order a pitcher of the IPA and the waitress stops us and is like do you like IPAS? do you know what your ordering? i was like yes i like IPAS im capable of ordering a beer like a grown up. maybe next time be like hey our ipa is exceptionally hoppy compared to other ipas, is that alright for you? After finally ordering a pitcher of beer (there were six of us, so four of us had one beer) the waitress tells us that it is such a high gravity, she says 9% that if any of us have more than three she'll have to start figuring out who the DD is and maybe cut people off. Not only was it an uncomfortable comment, but we looked back at the menu and the beer was only 5.7%. Needless to say none of us wanted to order another round of drinks. Then when the waitress brought out our chili, she told us that the green onions looked nasty and she didn't feel comfortable serving them. I was kind of grossed out by that point. Couldn't you have just lied to me and told me you were out? I don't wanna hear about nasty things in the kitchen, it made me really not want to eat. Luckily the food was good, however the service was reason enough not to return.
3	Rock Bottom Brewery is decent bet for food and drinks in Uptown.  While I haven't had a bad dish or poor service, Rock Bottom seems to be a variation on a theme: a classy Americana pub with dressed up pub fare and dark paneling.  I agree with Stephen K.'s summary of Rock Bottom but there are some highlights to the menu.  I've had a pretty awesome quesadilla and enchiladas to the tune of $12-14 and a hearty pick-your-own toppings cheeseburger.  I love carbs, so in this aspect, Rock Bottom does not dissapoint.  The chicken fingers are so-so.  However, the fries evoke memories of your middle school cafeteria (thin cut and taste like veggie oil).The staff are very friendly and professional; they actually make sure you're doing OK unlike wait staff at most sports bars.  I've never been treated rudely or indifferently here-I would vouch for the service any day.  What then, is the "selling point" of Rock Bottom.  Duh, location!  The outdoor seating gives view to a long stretch of Tryon St.  Rock Bottom is an awesome place to people-watch or grab a reasonable meal before launching an evening Uptown.  Rock Bottom is casual but not trashy, a pub that resorts to being a sports bar, and a stopping point but not a destination. If you've exhausted your rotation of Uptown restaurants and hangouts, at least add Rock Bottom to your list.
4	This is almost directly across the street from The Fox and Hound...and suffers not a whit in comparison! Huge menu, both in food and ale. A little *too* big inside-makes for a lack of intimate conversation, but if you want to enjoy a group outing... very nice indeed. On the whole, the staff was knowledgeable and friendly. Waiting times are sometimes longer than I care for...My only beef with Uptown dining is the absolute dearth of parking. This has the advantage of being across from a good-sized parking lot.
4	This place was great! Their menu is HUGE - which can be a good and bad thing. Good if you know what you want. Bad if you're totally indecisive like me. =) There is such a big variety, you will definitely find something you like and if you don't you're not human. Luckily, I had a friend recommend the fish tacos so I went with that. It was a hard taco wrapped in a soft taco with melted pepper jack cheese, and all the regular taco garnishes. Was fantastic. A little on the spicy side for me, but I'm truly a baby when it comes to that so don't go by my spicy judgment. Also, I want to add that the server was extremely nice by letting me only get the tacos. I didn't want the extra rice & beans so she took a couple dollars of the meal price and just gave me the tacos. Obviously Rock Bottom is known for their beers and they definitely had a great selection to offer. I tried a few =) but ended up really liking the Brown Ale the best. They were packed when we went but we didn't have to wait too long for our food and our service was on point! Clean place too. Would definitely hit up this place if I'm ever back in Charlotte again. =) Go try it!.
2	Nothing here really blew me away..  Yeah, it's pretty cool that they brew their own beers and they are located on Tryon but... eh.  This spot is one step above an Applebees.  Dont get me wrong, I kinda like Applebees.  Just dont expect anything amazing.  I would suggest sitting outside and enjoying a nice day.  That might make it a little better.  I would also suggest you try the artichoke/crab dip.  That was rather delicious.  I would say, give it a try but know.. There are much better places in the city.  Enjoy!-Ian M.
2	The only really great thing I can say about Rock Bottom is their location, it was perfect right before going out on a Friday night, but that's it.  Their menu is WAY overpriced, with nothing really great on it.  I just got the nachos (found as an appetizer) and my friend got the burger.  The nachos were overcooked and semi-stale.  The beer was decent, it's just draft beer here.  Service was good and the atmosphere was fine.  But I don't think I'll be going back anytime soon.
3	Rock Bottom Brewery has a great location and huge space, including bar area and indoor/outdoor seating. I've been a few times for lunch during the week and twice for dinner. It gets pretty busy at lunch time so try to arrive a little before noon or around 12:45pm in order to beat the lunch crowd rush. I've not had a problem getting a seat for dinner. And I've always had great service. The menu is huge (literally) with tons to choose from in terms of beverages and food. The fish tacos are good and the chicken picatta was okay but I found myself scraping off the extra sauce, and the green beans that came with it were overdone and soggy. I did enjoy the french fries. Where Rock Bottom falls slightly short is the prices. They're frankly too high for this type of establishment (in my mind it's similar to Applebee's or Outback). And as always, parking is a little tough uptown. Ultimately, if you're looking for somewhere to go and the other uptown restaurants are packed, Rock Bottom is a solid choice. Just don't expect to be overwhelmed.
4	For the most part, your average "American food" type of restaurant. I can't comment on their beers as we didn't have any. The menu was pretty extensive but we'd viewed it online beforehand and knew what we wanted. Hubs got the seafood cobb salad which was HUGE and he enjoyed every last bit of it. I ordered the hazelnut crusted chicken primarily because I noticed before we went that a few reviewers here on yelp recommended it. It was reallllllly good! Also HUGE portions that hubs had to help me eat. the chicken itself was really tender and juicy and that crust and sauce are delicious. The cheddar mashed potatoes were good, as you'd expect, and even the vegetables were yummy. We also had the jalapeno spinach dip which was not that great. I mean it was fine, but out of all the spinach dips I've tried in my life, it was not on the top 10. The atmosphere is nice, it's pleasantly decorated and clean, nothing special. Seems pretty large, probably good for groups. The booth we sat in was really spacious and comfortable. Our service was quick and adequate, although our specific server seemed like she'd rather be anywhere else but work that night. She wasn't rude, just did the bare minimum and spoke very quiet and without any energy. But she was quick and got our orders right, which is really what matters. I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here but if the location and timing was just right, as it was for us last night, I would go again.
4	You'll know when you've hit it.(Ba-dum crash!)
4	Love the patio here, if it's nice out and you are a big fan of people watching (like me), then it's about as good as it gets.  The bar area is nice as well and spacious which is something sometimes overlooked by other establishments.  Give me room to drink and socialize!  Anyway, I've been here on multiple locations both dinner and lunches and never been disappointed at all.  They have a great selection of food (online menu is available), from shrimp and grits, to great sandwich's, steaks and seafood.  I will also tell you the service has never been bad, for me at least.  Always prompt and never lacking. Bottom line for Rock Bottom is......you can't go wrong here!
3	I go here maybe once or twice a year since they have a BOGO coupon in the Citipass book but that's really the only thing enticing me to go. They have a nice patio area where you can sit back, relax, people watch and enjoy some humdrum food. Only complaint-random, crazy people screaming about Jesus and the noise from the Gold Rush and other CATS buses. Last time I went, our server was very sweet but it took almost 30 minutes for our lunch to make it out. I ordered a chicken sandwich and french fries-were they killing the chicken in the back?? I kept watching servers go by with other peoples food, practically salivating over the plates of french fries since I gave it up for Lent and just wanted one fry to make me happy. Thank God I didn't order their fish tacos (which I've heard are fantastic) because they probably would have had to go catch the fish to make it)I heard they validate parking which is a pretty nice touch if you don't live or work in the Uptown area. You have to park in the parking deck either below or on the side of RB.I like it for after work drinks as well but besides that, as Stephen K said, easy to enjoy and easy to forget.
3	Nicest patio downtown. There are much better wait staff downtown. Get the beer or wine. Stay away from cocktails. Food = pedestrian.
4	Beer! Free parking! Great place to have some good brew. Great bar food.
5	didnt eat.. the pilsner was hopped to perfection along the lines of an ipa- brilliant
3	Rock Bottom probably has one of the best locations in uptown. Right on Tryon St. with a large dining area and excellent patio for people watching or watching the cars go by.I don't remember what I ordered I think it was some sort of BBQ chicken and ribs. The food was pretty average, I didn't get to try the beer but I hear it's quite excellent. It's not that the food is bad, in fact I quite enjoyed my time here, but the selections available and food that came out were just not quite memorable. Maybe I would even call it boring.I'd come just for the great atmosphere here. When you go to the bathroom you can see all the behind the scenes brewing behind a large glass window! The parking is free too which is nice, more to spend on food!
3	I ate here for brunch today. I had the three meat omelet. I thought it was pretty good. Portion sizes were pretty big as I suspected they would be. Service was pretty good too. We arrived shortly after they opened and were the only customers I believe for the first few minutes. I've eaten at Rock Bottoms in different cities and enjoyed my experiences with them each time. I would recommended this location. As an extra bonus they validated our parking which is always a bonus!
5	Great location downtown Charlotte, nice menu and wonderful Hand Crafted Beer Selection.Sports bar atmosphere with quite a few TV's located around and a few Pool Tables too.
2	A disappointing experience! I have been to Rock Bottom several times before this trip. The pizza always seemed decent and the microbrews were okay too. Nothing special, but the location and atmosphere has always been nice.The insert menu excited me when I got here...Oktoberfest...was here. I love German food and I love Oktoberfest beers. I mean...love...really love Oktoberfest beers. The German Burger: half a pound of meat with some cabbage, mushrooms, Swiss, and ketchup....on a fresh pretzel bun. Sounds great, right? Wrong! It tasted like a big meat patty...no flavor...nothing! Just plain boring.The Oktoberfest Sampler Platter: Some type of "Knackwurst" corndog...which tasted pretty much like Pronto Pups at any northern state fair...not bad...but not warm in the middle. The fried corned beef and cabbage things were nice...but seemed pretty Irish to me. This also came with a fresh Bavarian pretzel with a variety of mustards...nice.Now here we go! Rock Bottom describes their Oktoberfest beer as Full-bodied with a classic sweet flavor, Rocktoberfest is an award-winning Oktoberfest-style beer that is rich with a toasted malt character and finishes with a subtle crisp hop.Now...if I was allowed to swear here...I would. In what world this beer is toasty, malty, finishing a tad hoppy...or award winning is beyond me. This beer is Budweiser with some caramel food coloring. This beer had no personality whatsoever! I can say that it finished nicely...by having no taste at all. Great job! I'm glad a terribly sub-par meal only set me back sixty bucks...I'd probably need a second job if I decided to eat somewhere with good food.
4	There is a wide variety of food choices here, from salads to pizza. Steaks and seafood, Mexican to Cajun. Something for everyone, and great beers on tap all brewed in house as well as bottled beers and a full bar. The servers are friendly and efficient, they know their menu. An excellent choice out side of the box is the "Bistro filet", ask for the Ale sauce on the side. My all time favorite is the Shrimp and Crab tower, with avocado in it and Pita on the side.
3	Rock Bottom really is not the bottom.  They do have an incredible location, right on Tryon Street.  If the weather is right, then the patio is nice, but can be a bit of a pain because of the traffic.  Nothing quite like sucking down some exhaust while you are trying to enjoy your meal.  Still it is nicer than someplace that has nothing, and uptown really does not have that much traffic most nights.On the inside, the place borders on an upscale Applebees.  It is not that they are particularly nice or memorable, and that is the real issue here.  Because of the location and the opportunity, they have the potential to be so much more.The one bright spot is the service - Steve-o-reeno helped us out when we hit up the place for a night out with some friends, and he definitely made an average visit into a fully enjoyable one.  If he is around, make sure you ask for him.
2	Ate here on a Saturday night for a friend's birthday. We had a party of approx. 10 people. We were seated in the back corner and given plenty of space for our party which was nice, considering it was primetime on a Saturday night.That was pretty much when the good things I have to say about the restaurant end. Our server, from beginning to end, was slow. I would post his name, but I don't know if that's against Yelp rules. I ordered a honey dijon chicken sandwich with french fries. The fries were mediocre at best (not hot, plain tasting) and the sandwich was pretty poor. I don't know how you can screw up grilled chicken, cheese, bacon and honey dijon sauce. The bottom of the bun was completely soggy and the sandwich as a whole was bland. Our guest of honor (the birthday girl) ordered a steak which she had to return because it was almost raw inside. She had asked for medium well. Several members of our group DID, however, like their food.Going back to the service, several members of our party waited several minutes for drink refills. Also, we had to flag our waiter down for our checks after waiting close to (if not more than) 20 minutes. Even after we gave him our checks and credit cards, he took close to another 10 minutes to bring them back. Our best guess is that he knew he was adding an 18% gratuity to our checks because of our party size, so he took his time doing everything. I seriously considered crossing out the 18% and leaving 10% and noting on the tab that the service didn't warrant the 18%, but in the end, I opted against it.Definitely will not return.
3	I went to the famed Rock Bottom the other night, Friday Dec. 2, 2011 to celebrate a good friend's birthday.  We ended up getting there around 7:45pm on a Friday night to find the place very alive with people, both young and old, carousing, socializing and being merry.  My friends and the party I was attending were stationed in the bar area, to the left as you walk in.  Though there was a jumble of people standing around drinking and talking, a server promptly noticed we were new to the scene and took our drink orders and provided us with a menu to look over.  I ordered a "light lager" for my girlfriend and a "Brown Ale" draft for myself.  Draft beers were running $4 per pint on Friday night; which certainly isn't bad, but isn't a deal by any means. As evening turned into a chilly night, the people I was with found a few tables in the bar area and placed food orders.  I ordered, the BBQ pulled pork sliders as an appetizer, and some sort of lobster and shrimp rolled into a black corn enchiladas.  As a devout BBQ lover, I found the sliders to be an extreme disappointment.  The BBQ was border-line cold and there was very little BBQ on each of the sliders.  As for the enchiladas, the appeal of my meal was more in the uniqueness of the dish than its actual taste.  It's not that the enchiladas were bad, they just left me wanting more.  My girlfriend got the steak with mashed-potatoes and green-beans.  I thought the steak was above par.  My girl friend said it was cooked to her specifications.  Overall, I felt the food was good not great, and the BBQ sliders were not up to BBQ code.  However, Rock Bottom offered the perfect ambiance to enjoy myself and my friend's birthday in splendid fashion.  The service WAS GREAT!  I wish I could recall my server's name, because I would love to give her a shot-out.  Despite the chaotic atmosphere that reigned throughout the bar, she was prompt, polite and accurate with everything.TIPS: *Nice, classy atmosphere, *Nice seating area outside  *Parking can be found by turning either way on 7th street, including in the garage attached to Rock Bottom itself (KEEP YOUR TICKET!!  BRING IT IN WITH YOU!  ROCK BOTTOM VALIDATES PARKING, SEE THE HOSTESS.)  *Stay away from the BBQ Sliders  *Great, friendly service  *Good for parties or pre-gaming before going out somewhere else
3	Went for lunch and it was OK. Food was mediocre and there was a nasty smell where we were sitting. Smelled like dirty mop water.
3	My coworkers brought me here for my b-day lunch and the restaurant was aight.  Since it was pouring outside, the restaurant was a little dank (but then that could just be how the place normally feels).  It took awhile for the waiter to stop by and ask us for our drink orders, but amidst good company, that didn't matter much.I ordered from the holiday special menu- chicken pot pie.  The food was incredibly hot and I spent the rest of the meal washing down chicken bites with my ice water.Regardless, Rock Bottom gets an  A+ on convenience.  My client works upstairs so we did not have to walk far to get here.
2	This place has a fantastic outdoor patio and makes for a great place to sip back and enjoy a few beers. We split the brewer's feast and particularly enjoyed the southwest egg rolls with a roasted jalapeno ranch dressing. I enjoyed their winter seasonal and their Sweet Magnolia brown ale. However, they didn't make my top favorite beer selection and other than that I really didn't find any of their brews to be that great. Overall, I'd recommend going elsewhere with a better beer selection from multiple breweries. Of course, much of this review reflects my distaste for chain restaurants and breweries.
2	Meh, indeed.  Decent beer and excellent service. But it's chain food and it didn't do much for me.
2	My boyfriend and I went here hoping for better-than-average bar food and a good home brew while in Charlotte, but it was just meh. We were told we would wait for 20 minutes which seemed ridiculous as there were open tables all over the restaurant and bar and finally got seated in one of these open tables after 40 minutes of waiting. The $10 calamari was a very small portion, the sauces were obviously not made in-house, and the pieces of calamari were TINY! We both ordered mediocre salads and didn't find their brews to be anything special. Would have rather spent $50 elsewhere.
2	Went here for a pre-show meal. We were looking forward to the beers, and fortunately or unfortunately (depending upon your viewpoint), that was the highlight of the meal. I ordered the ribs, which were dry and not that hot. Also they were not that tender. Their sweet sauce, however, was good, but no sauce can make up for poorly cooked ribs. My wife had the chicken pesto pasta. While that was decent, it wasn't exciting either.Sure, the plates were "sizeable." But PRICEY for what you get. I mean, we could have gone to Aria Italian nearby and gotten a MUCH better quality of food for LESS than this place! I mean, we went here thinking we would get a good value. Unfortunately, it's more than a lot of other comparable places in Uptown.Too many other choices in Charlotte to come back here.
4	Let me just say, the5 times that I have been here, I have LOVED it!Went here for the first time with my boyfriend. We went during the week, and they had some kind of trivia going on(it was pretty fun & entertaining) For an appetizer, my boyfriend ordered a caesar salad, which was really good! I ordered chicken quesadillas which were MIND BLOWING!! I mean OMG, they were soooooo good! I had never eaten sour cream or avocado before that night, and now I eat it all the time when I get the quesadillas.  Next, my boyfriend ordered a burger(with cheese, ketcup and mustard. PLAIN I know.) He ordered steak fries that came out more like potato wedges. He thought his burger was so-so. I tasted it, and it was dry and overcooked. The wedges were salty as well. I ordered a steak(medium well) and fries. Now that was 10 times better than my boyfriends plain burger. My steak was juicy, seasoned well, and cooked to perfection. I couldn't have asked for a better steak! So kudos to the cook! My fries were normal fries which were just as tasty(once again better than my boyfriends) lol.I have been back to Rock Bottom 4 times since then, and now that I live up the street from it, I plan on becoming a weekly regular! I always get the chicken quesadillas, and have even tried the chicken nachos. Let me tell you that the nachos coming in a heap PILED up on a plate, with cheese, olives, tomatoes, and other stuff. They were sooooo good! Me and my friends couldn't eat it all.Also, my boyfriend ordered the ribs before, and he did not like them WHAT-SO-EVER. But then again, he was comparing them to the ribs at Firebirds so yea. He also ordered the cheese pizza, and I must say that I have gotten better pizza at chuckie-cheese. I don't know if my boyfriend just has a string of bad luck at ordering at Rock Bottom, but his food is NEVER as good as mines. I have ordered the burger before(cheese, ketchup, mustard, lettuce, bbq sauce, medium well) and it was DELISH!I recommend Rock Bottom to everyone to try out for themselves!
4	Been to Rock bottom multiple times, just as always had a great time. Our server was Donna, great server and she knew a lot about the beers.The manager was walking around checking in on tables so I asked him for his suggestion from the menu. He suggested the Chicken Parmesan pasta with the "Smoky Mountain" pasta sauce and a side of marinara.It. was. amazing. Perfect recommendation. Had a great time. We'll definitely be back.
2	This place has a decent menu, it's executed pretty well, and they (of course) make their own beers. Too bad it's often packed to the rafters with "former frat boy turned middling banking executives who still listen to DMB on the side". I'm happy to eat there if I happen to be uptown and the crowd wants to... but I try to avoid it whenever I can.
5	Yes! Yes! Yes! If you are weak at heart...don't come here! Cause you wil experience multiple foodgasms!!! I was a fan before they changed the decor, and now it's that much better! My favorite app is the Artichoke and Crab Dip! 0_0 with the crosctini bread! OMG! Every entree has been deelish! They have it all from burgers, to salmon, to salads! All homemade...and we haven't even gotten to dessert yet (Which is also killer of course!). Seriously! Make sure a bed is near by after you waddle out of there! lol Melissa was our sever last night and she was super cute and super helpful! Great food! Great Service! Clean and Modern decor! Free parking! Descent Price! You just can't go wrong with this place! Complete and Utter Satisfaction! Guaranteed to please! Every time! ;)
4	I have been to this place in the past before they remodeled.  I enjoyed it.  I like the fact they brew their own beer on site.  You can tour the facility when there is time.  They are introducing new menu items and I was able to preview the new items.  I really enjoyed them. I will definitely have to go back.
5	57 dollars for two steak meals and plenty of beer is not a bad price at all. Being in the center of downtown you would think there prices would be higher but they have some amazing choices and beers for a good price. I enjoyed there red ale more then there brown but both where great and my wife said that her kolsch was well made also. Ive been here several times and will be returning several more.
2	I have been here on numerous occasions with a variety of people and the one thing I must say about this place is inconsistency.  You can go there one night and have great food and service, whereas you could go there on a totally different night and experience the complete opposite.  The same goes for the food.  Some dishes are awesome (shrimp and grits, stuffed chicken) while others I would definitely shy away from (pizza).  If you are a beer lover, they have some good brews which are actually crafted on site.  The beer can be better than the food more times than not and I would recommend people to go here for that more than the food.  The Southern Flyer is great for pale ale folks like myself.  If you give this place a shot, prepare to roll the dice because you don't know who you will get, or what the food will be like when it comes out.  The one thing you will be guaranteed to have if you are so inclined is a nice brew made on-site.  Can't beat that sometimes...
4	I had the beer sampler here. For $6 I got to taste 6 pretty good beers.  We had the jambalaya and it was decent. TBH, I have no clue what great jambalaya is...service was pretty good.
5	I recently visited Charlotte this past weekend for the race and needed a casual good food experience. I reviewed Yelp but most of the Downtown spots were noted as dressy or trendy attire establishments. From a 5 hour ride most of us were just comfortable in jeans and tees so nothing to dapper. The concierge at the hotel recommended the Rock Bottom so we gave it a shot. The place was excellent with its open air styling and the drinks were on spot. We ordered the southwest eggrolls as a app and started to order another plate of them and then we remembered we had more food coming! They were that good. I ordered the 14 Ribye with bourbonzola topping. Couldnt have been a more delicious and tender piece of meat. . The seaon veggies and chedder mash were no second. Everything on my plate could not have been anybetter. Check it out . It was worth the visit. And the house brews seemed to hit the spot with the guys that were with me.
4	We came on a Thursday and ordered the beer sampler and Southwest egg rolls. - Happy hour extended! Great Waitress! It ended at 630 but she was kind enough to let it slide. - Egg rolls taste more like a flauta. - Sample 6 beers. 3rd one is too hoppy. 1st and last are the best. good deal for $7. - Lots of TVs. Big party friendly.- Just like SD and SJ.
5	Absolutely delicious! Ordered cherry glazed, hazelnut-crusted chicken. The vegs? They didn't overcook carrots! Yay! My teen ordered avocado chicken sandwich - it's BIG and avocado, were ripe and fresh! Nice service! Go. I almost died there... so was my teenager daughter (she was picky but she loved her order very much).
3	Location hurts this place. It's fun to sit outside and watch what North Tryon has to offer the first couple times going here, but it loses its luster. No complaints, but nothing stands out here.
3	Typical sports bar. Caught the tail end of happy hour. I got the Rocktoberfest seasonal ale and that was pretty good. But i ordered a side of fries to munch on and it was incredibly tiny :(
4	A friend and I had dinner at Rock Bottom on a Saturday evening prior to attending an event at Spirit Square.  The bright red signage makes it easy to spot (we parked at the 7th St garage and it was a short walk).  Surprisingly when we arrived at 5:45, there was already a 30 minute wait (Bobcats game, Panthers game tomorrow, a few other "events" in addition to the small venue concert that we were going to were going on).  But true to what the hostess said, exactly 30 minutes later our buzzer buzzed.  Lovely restaurant, although very dark.  And when walking to the restroom, I though I was being led out into an alley, it's a hike.  Wide selection of menu items, it was hard to decide what to get.  Comfy seating. We decided on the Jalapeno Spinach Cheese Dip which is served with tortillas to start with.  It was DELICIOUS.  Creamy and cheesy, the tortilla chips held up to dipping without breaking and they weren't overly salted.  The dip had a little bit of a kick to it without being overwhelming.  Very good start.I ordered the 2:00 am burger, which is a burger topped with a fried egg, cheese and bacon, with a hashbrown underneath and mac n' cheese as a side (mac n' cheese is an upgrade from the fries side, so you'll be charged a buck for this - it says it clearly on the menu, so no big...).  The burger was meh - not bad by any means, but lacking flavor.  I ended up asking for some ketchup to try and do something to it.  The bun held up well to all of the toppings though, so I didn't even up with a soggy mess on my plate that I would need to eat with a knife and fork, so points for that.  The mac n' cheese was very good.  Nothing fancy, but well done.  The food was more of a 3.5, but our waitress was amazing, great service even with a packed house, so I will go with a 4.  If another Spirit Square event comes up, I would definitely eat here again.
3	Oh man oh man! Another review, and this time from the well known Rock Bottom in downtown Charlotte. I came here with a friend who wanted some of their beer as well as their food. And sadly, I wasn't impressed. Inside though they completely changed the outlay of the dining area from the last time I came here, which was about 2 years ago... They added ramps as well as new things to look at and admire, such as the glass between booths and some paintings. But, overall it's all the same with the looks and what not.I had two things from the menu: Fish Tacos (RB Taco) and the Southwestern Chili.Now, the good first. Southwestern Chili. It was awesome, I felt like it was very good and chunky. However, I wish the portion was just a wee bit bigger just because it was so tasty!Another plus was the service. My friend ordered a steak and it was a little overcooked, the waiter completely understood and took it back to get another steak cooked medium rare. It was fast and I believe even the manager came up to fix the problem. They offered a soup or whatever, but my friend declined (I was wondering why he didn't get me another chili!)Now the bad. Eating the Fish Tacos was like grabbing a handful of seasoned salt and then eating it. Every single bite was just a burst of not just salt, but just sodium with a little heat kicked in, but that was probably from the amount of salt and it made it seem spicier. After drinking water, it was still stuck in my mouth. Kick back the salt Rock Bottom and pull out that flavor of the fish! After all, it is a fish taco.Overall, not bad, food is average. Service is pretty good though. Next time though, I'm sticking away from those tacos.
4	While I am not much on chain restaurants, Rock Bottom is certainly a place we will be visting again.  My boyfriend and dining partner in crime is a huge beer lover.  Rock Bottom offered a great variety that he was pleased with and the brewery atmosphere is really cool.  The spirit and wine offerings were also pretty good with a solid variety of wines and the usual spirits (with some fun cocktail options).The menu is huge and offers enough to please anyone.  Our server was extremely sweet, quick, and very knowledgeable of the menu.  She passed the test when she offered solid beer recommendations with food pairings.  The food was surprisingly good.  We tried the southwest eggrolls to start (holy carbs and cheese) and then split a salad with flat bread pizza.  Once we finished dinner we moved to the bar...which I made a note on to visit for game days.  Spectacular set up with plenty of seating.  The gem of this place is actually the bartenders.  I'm sure that it's no surprise that if one sits at a bar, they are most likely going to chat with the bartenders.  These girls were hilarious and carried on great conversation with us without seeming imposing - which is the key to a great bartender.  We were enjoying the atmosphere so much we moved our evening plans to Rock Bottom and had friends meet us there.  Good food, great service, great drinks...we will definitely be back.
2	I have mixed feelings about Rock Bottom. I enjoyed the inexpensive beer sampler. The main reason we went  here though was for my fiance to try a specific burger. Unfortunately that burger was "86'd"... as was her second choice. We weren't told that until 10 to 15 minutes after ordering, which delayed our dinner. Otherwise what we got was OK. We went for a second time with some friends to watch a Panthers game, and, again, it was just OK. i tried a third time and not only did our food take a long time, but it was clear that mine was made first and had just been sitting out because nothing was warm. Three strikes and you're out in my book. I will not be going back. If you do go, I recommend going when it isn't busy (as it was with my first and third experience).
4	Yummy! 6 of us ventured into this Uptown Charlotte restaurant around 6:30 and I was a little worried that it wasn't very crowded for a Friday night.  We were able to get a table right away....... And lucky for us....... everyone of us LOVED our dish. I had the Fish and Chips which were made from fresh Haddock perfectly battered and fried.  It was served with an excellent Apple Slaw that awakened the senses in my mouth. The Commissioner loved his drink and my glass of wine was hearty and full bodied. His dinner was an excellent adult version of Mac and Cheese with Bacon and Chicken.As we were leaving the place was starting to get busier and busier. So stop in if you are in the neighborhood.  Well worth a visit.
3	Good beer, tried their Rock bottom IPA
4	I went to Rock Bottom with a few of my friends and i will say for a restaurant and micro-brewery my Long Island Iced Tea was sufficiently strong and was quite a treat. We were seated quickly for a Saturday night with no reservation and there didn't seem to be much of a wait, unless you had a larger group of people. We tried to call for a larger group previous to this date and there apparently is a cutoff time for calling ahead for larger groups.Our service was very good and easy on the eyes which is always a pleasant factor when dining, considering the people who can be spotted in various North Carolina locales. Our food was fresh and nicely seasoned. I had the jambalaya which had a good amount of spiciness for a creole type dish. On the menu there were various other choices like macaroni and cheese, vegetables, pretzels for appetizers, etc. I will return to Rock Bottom for both food and for drinks, hopefully catching a large table before they are all taken up.
5	great food and great atmosphere
4	I've visited Rock bottom many times, but recently went after the remodel. The restaurant looks much better. I ordered the southwest turkey burger (awesome) and my husband ordered the chicken tacos (awesome)! The service was superb! I think the remodel improved the dining experience.
3	As I work in the immediate vicinity of Rock Bottom's, I dine (or take out) there at least once a week. The food there is glorified over priced bar food. It is almost impossible to spend under $10 for lunch there.That said, the sandwiches are reasonably good, as are the fries. Some rave about their mac & cheese, but I wasn't impressed. Gluey and tasteless.I've had to send back burgers on more than one occasion to get it to the ordered temperature. I do like their chicken sandwiches a lot. A nice sized portion with tasty options. The salads are also quite good, but too big. I'd be happy to pay half price for half the salad.Overall, good, not great.
3	They've remodeled the inside of the restaurant and it looks great! The beer is great and the service really good. The food is overpriced. It's good food, but not worth the $$. I'd prefer to grab a beer here and eat somewhere else uptown for the money.
4	A very nice brewpub - a recent and extensive renovation provides great atmosphere.  Blue cheese bacon burger was excellent.  Their brews are very well balanced and enjoyable - something on tap for everyone.
5	Get to the Chase:Pros:1) Fantastic ribs! Succulent, juicy, and came right off the bone2) Exceptional service (I think I saw our waitress spend half the time on her hands and knees wiping off crumbs and food that other customers left under their table)...I have never seen a restaurant where that happened...not only that she was always genuinely smiling and making sure we had fresh water3) Fantastic beer selections (would highly recommend the beer sampler)4) First time I actually LOVED coleslaw...perfect balance of slaw, mayo, and tangy sweetness (accented by the freshly cut slivers of apple)5) Desserts do equal justice to their delicious entreesCons:1) None
3	I like bottom but I like there older menu better. For example I miss the sausage meatloaf vs the new turkey one they replaced it with. Doesn't wow me like the other did. They lose a star with this updated menu.
4	I never go uptown just to eat here, but if I'm already uptown I come here frequently.Their beer is OK and they have all of the bases covered to suit beer tastes.Their menu covers many styles.  I had the shrimp enchiladas the other day and it really hit the spot.I've been here with groups and have received good service and the checks have always been accurate and the food is always served with a smile.Parking is convenient in the lot right below and they validate.
4	The waitress was awesome. Thanks Victory for telling us your secrets. Rock bottom is a really good chain. the difference is in the service when visiting one of these places.
2	I wasn't impressed with this place. The menu sounds really great& the waitress suggested I get the chicken bacon Mac & cheese, but it was disappointing to say the least.
2	Go here if you enjoy waiting in the lobby when there are tons of open tables and being rudely treated by the hostess!  The food is just ok bar food.  The beer is awesome I will admit and the servers are pretty attentive.  I would rather drive down to Myrtle beach or Atlanta to it's sister restaurant Gordon Biersch.  The food is much better and the people who work there will treat you much better.  If you really need to go there to enjoy the beer, I'd eat elsewhere and then just sit at the bar.
3	Visited Rock Bottom at about 4:45 on a Saturday.  Was surprised at how busy they were but we were still able to be seated quickly in a large comfortable booth overlooking the street.I started with the Summer Honey Ale.  Meh.  I think I was expecting a bit more of a sweet/honey flavor.  I wish I had tried one of their other beers.  It comes in a large glass (I think bigger than a typical pint serving).I had the stuffed poblano peppers.  I was curious (dubious?) so I asked my server.  She said that the filling is awesome and that the bites with the peppers had a kick.  She was spot on.  I really enjoyed the cheesey, chicken-y, chorizo-y filing.  The rice around the peppers was good too and it definitely seemed like a hearty portion.  Eventually, with sweat running down the side of my face, I scraped the remaining filling out of the second pepper and just ate it.  I enjoyed my pepper bites but was ready to stop the heat.Our group shared some of the ice cream sandwiches.  Childish?  Yes.  Tasty?  Surely.  The plate comes with three ice cream sandwiches made with chocolate chip cookies, some strawberries, and a bowl of chocolate sauce.  My only wish was that the cookies were a bit softer.  In texture and look, they were over done with just lent additional difficulty to eating the messy treat.Our server was very good and took excellent care of us.
4	yumm yumm yumm... Rock Bottom has some great food and the atmosphere is really cool. I love the fact that you can view the brewery and the beer sampler was fantastic! I don't have one bad thing to say about this place. Every one was very nice, they gave us time to actually enjoy our appetizer before our entrees came, and the food tasted absoutely amazing! I will definitely be back soon!
5	Had lunch here with my girlfriend and her young boys after Discovery Place.  I had the Mac and Chicken - awesome.  She had the ahi tuna salad - which she said was delicious too!  It wasn't crowded at all - service was pleasant and the boys gobbled up their buttered noodles.  I had the Rock Bottom IPA - pretty good beer.  Overall we were very happy with our experience.
4	3.5 stars.  Nothing special, but everything was fairly well done.  Went for a lunch meeting and had the southwest salad.  The jalapeno ranch was made in house and was great.  The baguette on the side was a nice touch.  Service was perfect: attentive but not hovering.  We were able to get in and out quickly.  Other diner thought the ahi tuna salad was good as well.  Tuna was perfectly done and contained a good sized lunch portion.  Other meals (chicken avocado sandwich and bacon cheeseburger) looked uninteresting.
5	Food was AMAZING! Fresh and cooked perfectly! You could tell that everything was cooked to order, my caesar dressing was defiantly home made! Service was great as well and food was reasonably priced! Will come back again on my next trip to Charlotte!
4	Service is great. Outside seating in mild weather is awesome. Chicken Mac and Sausage Mac were both great. Veggie pizza was fresh and yummy. Beer sampler was fun to try!
2	Their beers are really good, I just wish the food was that great too. I ordered the bacon chicken mac and cheese, which instantly got my mouth watering just thinking about it. I ate a little bit, but I didn't want to finish it. Way too much pepper or spices, and I could hardly taste the cheese. It would be better if they didn't label it as a mac and cheese, because it didn't taste like that at all to me. It came with a slice of french bread on the side, but it was plain. No butter on it or any on the side. Kinda weird.My sister raved about her hazelnut crusted chicken, but I wasn't too impressed by that either. I ended up just drinking my dinner, which is just fine by me! :)
4	Food was good, a bit overpriced for the quality / selection. They have a make your own pizza for the kids which is great and provides some entertainment. I recommend ordering it first thing though bc it does delay the rest of the order while they make it. Would go back but would like to try some non-chains in the area too. Very close to discovery place which was nice as we only had to walk a block for lunch.
1	The food was rock bottom. It was so disappointing that  me and two my friends could not finish our meals.
4	Great lunch!  Sat at the bar - busy spot - they have lots of take out orders.Bartender do an ok job keeping up.Salad was delish!  A little too much arugula , so I removed some and it was better.Will look forward to coming back next visit to Charlotte
4	Visiting from out of town we happen to walk upon this place. The food was good and the service was great. The menu itself has a lot for everyone. We did sample the beer it was good just a bit warm for my taste.
5	We were ivisiting from out of town and went here on a Friday night.  We had good service and great food.  We both had the chicken/sausage gumbo and it had just a little kick to warm us up on a chilly night.  Also went for the beer battered fish and chips which was also great.
4	Great food & craft beer.My husband is a craft beer guy and he loved the 6 he tried. I went for the food, had the Veggie Burger which had black beans and was amazing! Had the tomato soup as well, interesting, but also good. ONE negative, though- NO WHOLE WHEAT BUNS?! What restaurant doesn't have whole wheat bread alternatives these days?!
4	A cool place to hang out in downtown.  The food.is very good.  You cannot go wrong with the fish and chips.  I enjoy the beer.  Most of beers are brewed on site.  The only problem is the staff turns over very quickly.  Parking is free if you park in the deck under the restaurant.   Make sure yo ger your ticket validated.   Sign up for the rewards card.  It is not nearly as good as the previous perks card, but it can be uses nationally.
4	Good service and great food. Only draw back was no fault of restaurant. We were seated next to some screaming children. But the restaurant found us better seating.
5	I had a fabulous time sitting at the bar on a busy Saturday. Meredith is an incredibly attentive bartender, regardless of her busy surroundings. Great beer. The food was pretty rockin'! Get the Mac and cheese!
5	FiNALLY! A restaurant in Charlotte that makes up for all the bad ones. Their burgers are to die for. BEST BURGER IN CHARLOTTE! I had the Bacon Mac N Cheese which was really good but wow...my husband had the bourbonzola burger and it was delicious. The appetizers are good too plus if you go to the Blumenthal Center for the Performing Arts and take your show ticket you get a free appetizer!This is one of my new favorite places! Thank you, Rock Bottom, for restoring my faith in Charlotte restaurants!
2	first off, we walked in for a bigger table (6) and watched the manager, who didn't address us at ALL, make the host who had an injured arm put together 2 tables and rearrange the chairs without any help. The manager even made eye contact and still couldn't even say hello to us or the 2 people behind us waiting as well.  The server provided great service and the beer was good. The food was another story. The burgers were over done and the personal pizza was burnt on the bottom and missing cheese from a whole slice. I made pizzas in a deli for a few years and I must say I don't know how you can do that but there's a first time for everything. The house salad was 90 % white and 10 % green, weak! All in all the pizza got replaced and taken off the bill but was that enough to entice a return visit? Maybe for a beer.....
3	Beer - Many choices and micro-brews (I dont drink beer, but if you do, there is lots here)Salads - MehBurgers - GoodWine - MehCoffee - MehSoup - So/soTex-Mexish dishes - were actually okStuffed bell peppers - actually quite goodThis isn't my kind of place, but we stop in for lunch now and then because it's downstairs from where we work. When you walk by outside, the smell of the brewing is so strong!I say A-OK, because it's not my style, but it is a good micro-brewery with burgers, fries etc. The stuff you expect. Lots of seating and service is A-Ok. They have a nice patio as well.
1	We went for lunch on Sunday Afternoon.  We sat there for ten minutes and nobody acknowledged us or came to our table.  A waitress passed our table two times and chose not to make eye contact with us.  Servers congregated at the hostess stand.  We walked out and still nobody noticed.  This used to be my favorite place uptown.  Really disappointed.
2	Went here for a bachelorette party of 12 girls, we had a reservation, waited 10 minutes to be seated, was seated a four different tables that we had to asked be pushed together.  We then sat at least 15 minutes before we were greater and our drink order was taken, but the drinks took almost 25 minutes before arriving.  When our drinks did arrive, the server ran off before taking our dinner order, more time passes... we order and our food comes out pretty reasonably ~15-20 minutes.  When the food did come out three orders were missing completely, our server did not bring our food and was nowhere to be found, we sat waiting until finally she came by.  At this point we've been here well over an hour.  The manager comes by, gets the food out, says that there would be a free round of drinks for the whole table.  I didn't receive the drink promised by the manager and when I asked the server I got a look, this was the first and only time I asked her about anything!?  She brought the drink as I was returning from the restroom and said that an entire bottle of wine would be brought out due to the issues, we explained that we had other commitments that it wasn't necessary.  Then the manager threw in two bottles of champagne, at this point, I'm pretty sure he knew that nobody had a great experience and was trying to save face.  In the end, the manager was great at covering up for the lack of service we received but with so many options in downtown Charlotte I would chose another place next time.
2	After two recent visits here, I can honestly say I am torn on my review, but overall I know I have had better. Most recently, we arrived shortly after 12 and were seated indoors, because the patio was full, and it took our server over 15 minutes to take our drink order. We started off with the spinach artichoke dip and chips, which arrived 5 minutes before our food. Before I get to the food, the appetizer was cold and came with about 10 chips. Being there were four of us we asked for some extra chips and some salsa. The chips were warm, however the salsa, stay away, unless you like Pace's from the grocery store. Really, are they kidding serving store bought salsa???On to the food.  We ordered a good variety, stuffed peppers, chicken enchiladas, burger and chicken sandwich. The chicken sandwich was burnt and you cook smell the burn! The enchiladas and peppers were so spicy we had to ask for more water. Only positive, the fries, great seasoning!As for the service, I wish I took her name, but our waitress could have given two sh...about being there and you could tell. No refills, never saw her, except our order and bill, and very blah! Not sure we would return anytime soon.
1	Bad service and mediocre food served cold.  If you have a large group and want to get together for lunch you would be better off bringing a bag lunch and meeting in a park.  We made reservations but it took 30 minutes for our order to be taken and the food didn't show until an hour later at which point we all had to get back to work. And, the food was cold.The kicker is that this  wasn't the first time this has happened.  A few weeks ago we all got exactly the same horrible level of service with cold mediocre food.If I could give negative star rating I would.
1	My girlfriend and I were part of a friend's birthday party of about 12 adults on a Thursday night. It was not especially crowded (no wait) and we had reservations.1. Nobody took our drink orders or brought us water for over 20minutes.2. When they brought out all the appetizers, ours was not among them, because it was never put in. When it finally came out, it was clear the nachos were rushed and they were not especially good.3. When the entree came out, we were brought the incorrect dish, at this point I had more than enough of the place, so I told them to forget about it and bring the check.4. Everyone had finished their meals for nearly an hour before the checks were sporadically brought out. After all the checks were brought out, we had to pull the waitress aside and specifically ask for her to bring ours.5. During this whole time, there was no one who looked like a manager to be found. Everyone at the table was clearly upset by the service, yet management never showed its face.This was, by far, the worst dining experience I have ever been a part of and I would not recommend this overrated establishment to anyone.
5	My wife and I went here last weekend, it was really good.  We were just going to sit at the bar and have a drink but someone ordered pizza next to us and it looked awesome.  We ordered a pizza and new people sitting next to us started asking us about the pizza.  The food was good, the bar tenders were nice and the beer was good.  We will be back.
2	Went last night with in-laws for mother in laws bday.We always have loved the place and it is our go to place when we have something to celebrate and even when we don't.  Walked right in, we're seated, server was pleasant. Mentioned it was for mother in laws birthday and she was nice about it.Ordered drinks and an appetizer. ..This is where things went slightly pear shaped. Server came back and told us the appetizer was delayed. No big beal, things happen. Food comes and as always, was completely wonderful. Chicken fried chicken for three of us and my wife had the sizzling peppers. More pear shaped, waitress was no where to be found for 20 minutes. Wife was out of beer and spicy food minus drink.....she waited. Finally I got up and had to get another server to get a refill. She started with "I am not your server...." but said she would take care of it. To her credit she did. Manager comes over, very nice, apologized for the appetizer and days she will cover it. Server shows up and is rather standoffish. Not rude per se but moody. Not sure if it was my stunt with the beer or the manager but either way not our fault. More waiting for desert, more drinks, something and then the server does show up with the bill no questions asked, not a thing.The rating is not for the appetizer,  like I said things happen. It was not for the lack of drinks, it was for the apathy. At least come by and check on us, tell us the app is coming, but the server seemed to say, "the app screwed my tip so why try". If the place was hopping I would get it, but it was early afternoon. Anyway long story short: great food, apathetic service, use to be a go to place even with the hour drive but we may be finding another one.
5	If I could design the perfect all-around restaurant, this would be it! Casual, but not too much. Wide range of food: from wings, to burgers, steaks, salads, fish tacos, and a ton more. New and clean inside, with an awesome bar area as well as private tables. I also love their outdoor seating, both the front and back sides. I've been coming here for almost ten years now, and still love it. The perfect neighborhood restaurant, whether you want a full steak dinner, or just wings and beer with friends.
5	I had the 2AM burger and it may have honestly been the best burger I've ever had! I also love their patio seating outside and the bar around the back. My only complaint (which isn't Rock Bottom's fault) is that homeless people approached our table 3 times during our dinner to ask for either money or some of our water.
3	Came here for lunch on Memorial Day. They have an outside seating area that is covered which was a huge plus and it is located really close to 7th Street Market. I tried a flight of their beers and they were decent but nothing special. I would recommend the red ale or the double IPA. We had their nachos to start which were ok, it is a huge serving that comes with salsa to dip. I had the veggie tacos which were good, they had a crunchy shell covered with a soft tortilla which I actually enjoyed. It came with a side of rice and beans. I really liked the black beans but there was something about the rice that had a bad after taste. My husband ordered the veggie burger and fries. I tried the fries and I liked them but didn't try his burger. He said it was good but again nothing special.
3	Average bar food, nothing to write home about. Corn tortillas average salad. Average...just average. Go support a local place that offers something different
3	This place wasn't bad.  If you live in Charlotte and have tried the other local beers in the area, check this place out.  If you're from out of town and want good local beer, I'd recommend somewhere else.  While the beer was good, it wasn't memorable.  The food was good, but again, nothing super memorable.  The waitress was friendly and attentive.
5	My Husband and I took my son out for dinner and we all LOVED it!  My husband had the bacon mac and cheese. He said it was the best he had ever eaten!  My son at the veggie tacos and also loved them.  I had one of there salads and was very happy with what I received.  Our server went out of his way to make sure everything was the way we wanted it.  Looking forward to going back soon!
4	This place has a mixed Menu..I had the 2am Burger which was very delicious and I was extremely full afterwards.  It had Bacon, hashbrown and a fried Egg for the topping. ..hence the name 2am. My Mom had the Fish and chips which were also tasty.  The sauce that came with it I could of skipped. The Fries are regular shoestring fries and nothing spectacular. They do bring Malt Vinegar to the table to doctor them up. We watched the World Cup game so it was a bit busy however our food was out in 15 minutes and yes the fries were hot!.  The waiter was helpful with the menu items and very pleasant.  I will definitely be going back to try the Stuffed Peppers which came highly recommended.
2	I have been to several Rock Bottoms including Denver, CO and this one was less than impressive. I'm new to Charlotte so I've been waiting to try this Rock Bottom out.  Went on a Sunday afternoon around 5pm. I took my young son with me so it was just dinner no alcohol. The restaurant wasn't very busy so we got seated right away.  Our server (which I didn't get his name) appeared about 5 minutes after we got seated, got our drinks and then we ordered.  We didn't see him again until after our food was brought to us. We only saw him twice after he checked to see if we had our food, and one of those two times was to hand us the check. The food was so-so.  My son had a hamburger which was delicious - my chicken bruschetta was fair but cold and the broccoli had no butter, seasoning, nothing.  It was over priced for what the meal consisted of. I gave two stars because  I was disappointed mainly with the service more so than the food. I've never had bad service or a bad meal at the Rock Bottoms I've been to in the past so was expecting the same high standards that I'm used to.  Might try again, but it will be a while.
4	I am never disappointed with their beer, food , or service. I have visited Chicago and Long Beach and now Charlotte always great and consistent.
2	The beer was pretty good, but the food was a real disappointment.I have always enjoyed the beer at Rock Bottom and miss their location in Atlanta (Buckhead).We sent back the guacamole because it was warm from sitting under a heat lamp.I had the pizza and it was mediocre at best.  The wings were fine, but nothing special.  The restaurant was busy, but wasn't packed.   Our food took a long time to come out.  We were sitting near the kitchen and could see a number of items sitting under the heat lamps for 15 minutes.  It seemed like the kitchen was putting the food out fast enough, but the servers weren't getting the food to the tables.
5	Ok another one with as many check-ins I have for this place that should be my review. If this was Boston than Rock Bottom would be my Cheers. What can I say about this place. Lets start with drinks.The beer is made in house. I love the beer the current brew master has been doing a great job. I look forward to tapping part of the new brews he has made. The Bartends are freaking awesome and very cute(always a plus at a bar). They are super friendly and makes the best drinks in the world.  Food is awesome. I love the apps and whatever season menu item they come up with. This summer they had a luau with a pig roast. I was great. My favorite item off the menu is the steak cooked texas fire style. Trust me when you smell it you will want it. The salad are really great especially if you are on a diet. So to sum it up great drinks, great food, awesome and cute staff. Why are you not there now?
5	Just got back from a week long trip to Charlotte with my girlfriend and of all the places we went to, this was our favorite by FAR.  EXCELLENT beer, food was delicious, steak cooked to perfection, wait staff was attentive and polite.  Just a great experience! If you're in Charlotte, got to Rock Bottom!!
4	This is one of my favorite all-around restaurants. Good food, good service and it has a great atmosphere. Casual, but it is not too laid back. It is perfect for family and friends. It has great outdoor seating.
4	I had the Tuscan Chicken Pasta. It was very well seasoned. My son-in-law had the Cajun Pasta, being from Louisiana it wasn't very spicy, but good nonetheless. Pleasant atmosphere, good service.
5	Came here for lunch after a field trip with my students. Great service, great staff, great food!
2	This place was great for atmosphere and large groups but the food actually sucked.  We ordered from the happy hour appetizer menu and our server was pretty slow and forgetful. She brought one of us crab dip that was cold (supposed to be served hot), then took forever to bring the drinks back. I asked if the southwest egg rolls were very spicy before I ordered, she said no and low and behold I get them and they are spicy.  The drink (margarita) was very strong and not sweet enough. Overall they get a D for food and an A for ambience and location.
2	Came in with a buddy of mine to a familiar place that always delivers during my travels. We sat down, not too many clients in the restaurant and service started out well with our server Imani. However, it became evident that either we were placed in a section different from the areas she was working as we kept seeing her less and less or I can just ignore my guest because I think I'm cute and smile and everything will be okay. At the end of our meal, which was very good, she offered us dessert, we opted for another beer which never came. We would catch a glance here and there of her for the next 20 minutes and finally she came over and asked if I beer made it to us. Did you bring me my drink? Then no, I have not gotten my beer. She would look for it right away, but I asked her to just close us out as it just wasn't nice to be there any longer, no excuse, no apology, just said okay, smiling away and walked away to what I hoped would be a quick return with my bill. She again left for another 10 minutes. When she returned I asked her what exactly happened that our drinks never made it to us? Was someone else supposed to bring it, did she forget? She said that someone else usually brings it, she was helping out the bar by bringing our drinks, someone must have taken it, oh my god, i'll just smile at these guys and everything will be fine.... no.... i just want good service. The server who was on our side was taking care of all his clients, bringing them drinks so im pretty sure I was getting the run around. I asked her who the manager was and she said Michael and again walked away. Pretty disrespectful attitude to have in a customer service environment. Next time I come to Charlotte I need to stick to the many many other places with great food and folks that want to take care of their clients. My opinion is that the food here was darn good and consistent, the beer is excellent, the service which is the most important, was "rock bottom".
5	Amazing habanero shrimp appetizer, awesome Southwest egg rolls, and the fish tacos were amazing. Next time I am Charlotte I will stop here.Did I mention the beer was pretty darned good too
3	Here's the Deal...Just stopped in for quick bite to eat while I was in town... I had the grilled chicken sandwich with avocado and it was good!.   Service was very friendly and helpful with menu choices.  The place has nice outdoor seating & plenty of TV's and bar space... I'd try again when in the area.
5	The best steak I have had in my entire life. The spicy buttery sauce on top that steak OMG! I crave it daily, but my pockets can't afford it. Awesome atmosphere too.
4	We didn't order a meal here, this review is just for the bar and an appetizer.Never having had any Rock Bottom brews before (they don't have any in our state), we started with a flight of the basics and then ordered pints of a couple of others. We didn't have a single bad beer out of all of them. Granted, not all of them were amazing, but they were all at least good.We ordered the soft pretzel appetizer, which really hit the spot. It came with two huge pretzels and a delicious dip. If you're a fan of soft pretzels, you'll want to get this.The bartender was really friendly, talking to us at length about Charlotte and his previous residence Greenville (both places that we are considering for a future move), and we really appreciated the time he took to chat with us.It may be a chain brewery, but the beer here was a fair sight better than at least one or two of the local breweries we visited during this tour of the Carolinas, so that says something!
4	Lately this has been Sunday football watching spot for my friends and I. We normally occupy one of the long bar table in front of 4 TVs (3 more on the other side) for hours. With that being said, there are hits & misses but overall I am a fan of being a fan at Rock Bottom.Service is typically of acceptable quality. They can be a little slow in checking in, or filling water, but on the other hand we are there for a long time. Food is actually pretty good. They also have game day specials on wings and nachos etc. Half nachos ($6) is good portion, but is without meat, which you can add for $2. They offer their own brew for beer (in case you don't know). They have beer special for Sundays as well. I can safely say that you can't go bad with ordering anything. I had a lobster & shrimp enchiladas and that was good.Park is free, they validate for the garage under the restaurant. Be careful, my 1st time visit this season ended up charging me money to get out of the garage because the validation barcode was unclear (good news is I got my money back after contacting the parking garage office with proof of my validation via cell phone pic)The only disappointing thing for our football watching days is: BY GOSH, stay on top of the game scheduling. We all know there are a new round of games kicking off at 4pm, so get the remotes ready and change over the moment 1pm game is over. PLEASE managers on duty??
4	Very good beer and food + a truly relaxing and comfortable setting = four stars. Prices were OK and the location is great if you are in or near center-city CLT. I had the Cajun Pasta & my wife had grilled shrimp with Mac/Cheese. YUM!
1	First time here , only thing nice about this place is the location. The food from the frozen baked wings , bland Mac and cheese , tasteless stuffed brisket burger , and let's not forget the pepperoni pizza that Sam's food club can do better . This has to be the worse bar food for game watching in Charlotte, NC .
4	Food is good, beer is amazing! Highly recommend stopping in if you're in the neighborhood.
