3	Good Quality, Good Service, Affordable Prices, Great Selection for American Comfort Food.  Not bad prime rib either.more later...
4	love the 50's style feel with the pie counter & cabinethigh back boothes with formica table topsvery clean & comfortablewaitress, hostess and drink guy were friendly enough but once we placed our order they were seldom seen.menu was extensive but no pasta & they were out of rolls & ribsdrinks were a little slow comingseemed a little under staffedgreek fries were crispy and very flavorful(italian seasoned) & cucumber dressing was cool & smooth not too overpoweringsalads were fresh & crispy with blue cheese crumbles in the bleu cheesebiscuits were a little dry & not enough gravy-bacon was way way greasy-too much to even eatprime rib was incredible-spiced just right-(lots of pepper) -melted into strands when soaked in the au jus. baked potato was hot & cooked all throughporterhouse was cooked perfectly med-very tender melted in your mouth-charring was done to perfection & made the steak that much better. veggies( julienne sliced carrots & broccoli were steamed & ok)potato was good but plain-no saltbanana cream pie was good-very little banana-but cream & ala mode were very smooth and sweet.they had coke & mr. pibb, the iced tea was a little watered down.this diner looks great with the modern spin on 50's diners and the enormous pie cases right in the door. the menu includes breakfast, lunch and dinner. mexican & american continental. over 40 differents cakes & pies. the service is a little slow-more worried about the big tables. the food is pretty good -the size of the prime rib is unforgettable-melissa will be up @ 3 a.m. with the "meat sweats" after that feast.they have great steak specials-under $8 for steak & shrimp and of course steak sandwich & steak and eggs too.for a casino cafe it's better than average-prices are fair and food is better than most
5	i kid you not.. jerrys nugget is the best , trust me i would not be sitting here waisting time writing a review if it was not true.. what i love about jn is the atmosphere always clean, and the people are great and freindly , well some but i dont go for the people , i can careless , if they act stupid than i can also act stupid.. but the breakfast is always fresh , eggs always hot bacon is made to order not sitting under a dam lamp.. i never have any complaints out of all the upscail hotels. jerrys nugget has the best food.. yes its in the middle of north las vegas but its ok north las vegas police dept. is always there getting there grub on. 247..  but anyway just check it out .. and let me know how you enjoyed it.. bacon &amp; eggs scrambled md soft with chedder , wheat toast and hashbrowns.. yummy 4 yur tummy.. also try the milk cake its the bomb..
5	The current 24-hour special $7.89 dinner is half a pound each of steak and king crab legs with soup or salad, choice of potato, and bread or garlic bread. You can also choose a pound of king crab legs for $9.89. Both dinners are delicious, a super deal with excellent service in a very pleasant restaurant. We had the homemade soup both times -- vegetable soup with a tantalizing broth and creamy clam chowder, both delicious. The steaks were excellent strip steaks cooked just as we ordered them, tender, and really tasty. The crab was outstanding. The baked potatoes were large and done to perfection. We were amazed, agreeing that a person doesn't realize how different potatoes can be until eating really good ones like these. The excellent garlic bread was crisp and buttery with a touch of salt on the crust.Jerry's does all its own desserts, and the bakery case was extremely tempting. We had no room for dessert but certainly would have liked to try their beautifully presented version of strawberry shortcake or any of their delectable looking creations.Jerry's Nugget is about 12 blocks north of downtown on Las Vegas Blvd. It is easy to get to and definitely worth the trip.
5	I love this place. I love the food, the service & the attention to make sure everything is okay.Yeah.. it's just a 'coffee shop', but it's more than that. I've been here 3 times now and on my last trip I went twice it was so good.Their plates are so huge you need to share. We had the prime rib here for the first time and it was melt in your mouth good. The nachos and the breakfast I had were also great. The pancakes don't disintegrate when you put syrup on them, so that's a good sign! ;)I seriously love this place & will always make a special trip out. If you can, try the coconut cake, it is so good.
5	The burgers are fabulous. Favorite is the fire burger. Gyro salad is large and flavorful. But the cakes! The cakes are worth the trip alone. Sour cream cheese cake and the Jerry's Frost are my favorite. Service is excellent and is very diner-like. For a refill on coffee, our waitress actually dumped out the cold stuff before adding fresh. And, my sister and I said we were going to split a cake slice. She cut it in half for us on two seperate plates.
5	This place is a hidden gem.  It's the ultimate late dinner hangout.  It is well worth the drive for the strip.  Their menu is gigantic and the food is delicious and cheap.  Their servers are friendly and really attentive without being obtrusive.  I didn't go in the casino but everyone looked like they were having fun and it seemed really relaxed.  This place is super family friendly and the booths are big.  It has cute decor and it's bakery section looks yummy although I didn't try anything from there this trip.
4	This is a hole in the wall diner.  We loved the food but more important, the service/server and attention was amazing!! This diner is located in the NORTH part of Las Vegas in the Jerrys Nugget casino.  The location looks shady, but the diner was just the opposite!  It was welcoming, open and bright.  They did not have the surf and turf special that attracted us there.  But I had the steak and crab special.  It was a good deal for the $10.  It came with a salad... you need to try the creamy italian as previously recommended!  A big piece of garlic bread, mashed potatoes with gravy, a good size steak and a few foil wrapped crab legs.  The mashed potatoes were good, the steak was grilled nicely, however the crab legs were salty.  My husband had burger with steak fries.  They were both good.  We finished it off with a slice of carrot cake.  It was huge!  Food was pretty good however the service and carrot cake was excellent!!  It was well worth the $25 bill!
5	Been  coming here ever since i can remember, with my parents, and now with friends.The food here is awesome! Cheap and plentiful. Everything is made fresh, and to order.This is definitely one of Vegas's unknown secrets.
5	Without a doubt, the finest diner that I know.  I first came to Las Vegas in 1994 but my first visit to Jerry's Famous Coffee Shop was in 2004 and I enjoyed the aged decor.  It was newly redecorated in 2008 which updated the look while keeping the 60's feel.  I just wish that I had visited here sooner.The first thing you see is the desert case full of homemade desserts with special mention to the famous strawberry ring.The servings are huge so be careful, any of these plates are good for sharing.  I love the machaca and eggs for breakfast, also nice homemade biscuits are a good choice.  My dinner highlight is a perfectly cooked prime rib, complete with the coloured plastic steer indicating the doneness of the meat.The wait staff are extremely competent diner servers. I am always impressed with the professionalism and enthusiasm of the coffee shop staff.  Every restaurant should strive to serve like this staff.Jerry's is usually my first meal when I come to town and I hope it remains a tradition for many years to come.
5	I love this place.  Just wish that they still had the horseradish roast beef melt with au jus.  Best comfort & greek !!
4	This place has a cheap and good resturant. Especially for breakfast. It's not pretty but the food is surprisingly good.The breakfast burrito was killer.It's just off the strip.You won't be sorry.
5	We gamble here every time we're in Vegas but until I read the reviews we'd never eaten in the coffee shop so this time we did.  We had breakfast about 1am one night. I had the chorizo, scrambled eggs & refried beans with tortillas and salsa. It was very good and way too much food. My boyfriend had the Machaca & eggs with the same and he loved it.For dessert for had the Blacout Cake which was too die for.
5	Wow, who would think that this great cafe would be in North Las Vegas? Definitely a hidden treasure.  Mamie was our server, and she was excellent. The Prime Rib was fantastic, definitely as good as it gets!Thank you to Therese for a friendly greeting.
3	November 17, 2011 - stopped in for breakfast on the way to Valley of Fire. It's been 10 years or more since we'd been in Jerry's Nugget - I must say, the entire casino is much cleaner, nicer than it used to be (it was a dive). The coffee shop is totally re-done from how I remember it. Breakfast was just average, but very inexpensive - less than $14.00 for the two of us.
4	Still excellent service and greeting from Therese. Great value. Great portions.
5	Nice Place, great prices, since it's in North Las Vegas it has it fair share of ghetto customers but the staff at night is great! There late night steak special is only $6.98 and there desserts are better than any hotel and casino even on the strip!
2	I've been coming here for years with good to great service and great food. Today me and some good regulars left Jerry's Famous Coffee Shop with some SALTY ASS BALLS. YES... SALTY ASS BALLS.  There was definitely some miscommunication going on and we came up with the short end of the stick. "Don", our waiter takes our order. We would like the Famous Prime Rib. "We are TOTALLY OUT of prime rib". That statement says that there is no more in the vicinity. Weird because how can they be totally out when it is only lunch?  We order beef ribs, the surf and turf, and steak and eggs.  Less than 5 minutes later, the salads come out and the gentleman next to me orders the thick cut prime rib from our waiter, Don.  Interesting... We get told after inquiring that the prime rib was not ready when we ordered it a few minutes ago, but IT'S READY NOW BITCHES!!!We felt like we got bamboozled and the management wouldn't do anything to set things right. Don looked at his times on his receipts and said that the couple ordered it a good fifteen minutes after our orders. No sir, you typed that order in much later from when you actually "took" their orders.   However long it takes to bring in a salad was when you took their orders Don.  It wasn't 15 minutes. At least your late ass ticket gets to cover your ass. In the end, the management would not make things right with their paying regulars. Management gives us a comment card. PASHAAAAAAH!!!???!!!  I'm giving a very low rate because of the management. The food is great here. It really is. The "waitresses" and "bussers" are great  here too. Don is new and has RUINED our eating experience at one of our favorite lunch eateries. I'm going to miss this place...
4	We finally made it over to check out the dessert selection at Jerry's Famous Coffee shop! I was in the mood for banana cream pie, they were out so we settled on a chocolate cream pie. A slice of pie is $4.50 so we decided on a whole pie for $15.00 which is 7 large slices. I like that they pre-slice the pie, very convenient and will avoid the mess of cutting it on your own, also the slices are equal size!Mmmm this pie is yummy for sure, love the chocolate whipped mousse like cream filling and the white whipped cream they use is also tasty. The crust is flaky and tasty as well as the generous garnishment of shaved chocolate! This is a generous and rich pie, well worth the $15 bucks!They had the old school style refrigerated glass cake and pie display case and a spinning display. That was a blast from the past for sure.We selected from what they had already made. They had a strawberry shortcake cake with strawberries so large on top. I just could not bring myself to paying $36.00 for a cake when it is not even a special occasion. It sure looks delicious and I think next time I will get a slice to test it out first, I am sure is worth the money as it looked Divine!You can call ahead for a special pie or cake request.All cakes and pies are homemade on premise out of their bakery.The options are mind blowing and all look Amazing!I can not wait for the next opportunity to try other pies and cakes!Cakes...cheesecakes...pies galore all from scratch!CAKES...angel coconut cake, banana cake, black forest cake, black out cake, boston cream cake, carrot cake, chocolate fudge cake, chocolate mousse cake, chocolate peanut butter cake, frost cake, Hawaiian cake, German chocolate cake, Kahlua cake, lemon white cake, m&m cake, marble cake, mango cake, orange cream cake, milk cake, Oreo cake, peanut butter cake, pineapple upside down cake, strawberry torte cake, strawberry shortcake cake, tres leches cake.CHEESECAKES...blueberry, cherry, chocolate, fruit delight, lemon, macadamia, peanut butter, Oreo, plain, raspberry, sour cream, Reese's, strawberryPIES...apple, banana, blueberry, cherry, chocolate cream, banana cream, peach, lemon cream, pumpkinMmmmm yum for sure a great place to get a birthday cake and you can view the menu online and see the options from chocolate gonache to butter cream frosted cakes etc!Delicious baby!I have been missing out all of this time, I wish I had known sooner about this wonderful bakery!
4	I went here for the first time a few weeks ago and I was very impressed as was my family.  The diner has a really clean, old school look to it.  The menu is huge and everything we've had has been delicious.  My dad particularly love the eclairs!  You can gain about 10 lbs looking at one they are ridiculous.  This our new go-to place for breakfast or dinner.
4	To be honest, I did not gamble in the casino. I did, however eat a magnificent prime rib meal at Jerry's Famous Coffee Shop. For around $20, I had a 28-30oz slab of succulent, and savory prime rib, with mashed potatoes, chicken soup, and an unsweetened iced tea. Not only was the restaurant spotlessly clean, my waitress was super friendly, and the food was perfectly made to order. The bone-in prime rib must be the signature item on the menu. It was perfectly juicy. Everyone who visits Las Vegas should order prime rib in the coffee shop today. Take Las Vegas Boulevard North into North Las Vegas, and look for the giant Jerry's Nugget Oil Rig sign on the western side of the road!
5	I've been coming here since i was a child, about 27 years now.  They have a great clam chowder on Fridays and their prime ribs are just great.  The dessert selection is also great.  Being opened 24hrs is a big bonus.  Most places that are opened 24/7 usually have pretty bad service and food quality isn't too high.  The Coffee Shop at Jerrys though is another matter.  Many times my wife and I have gone there for a cup of coffee and a slice of pie or cake.  Most of the time I get their fried zucchini with a side of ranch.  Absolutely amazing.
4	A perfect way to end a night of partying / gambling / debauchery is by having some dessert and coffee at Jerry's Famous Coffee Shop at 4 am. It's a hidden jewel in North Las Vegas. Open all night, full menu available, classic Vegas coffee shop vibe. Gotta love it!
4	Prime rib.  It's a great deal.  Very good.
4	this is our old stand by for the best prime rib in Vegas. been coming for years. went on a monday daytime. got seated quickly. we had this really cool and amazing waiter. I forgot his name but he had cool groomed eyebrows and his hair was brown and teased up on each side. he wears a Ankh necklace. he was very attentive and accommodating. he had  only been there a year I heard him tell the other people sitting in the booth next to us. the food was amazing as always. I hope next time we go he will still be working there. If you go you must seek this guy out, you will get great customer service.
4	I was craving prime rib, so the hubby & I went here for our birthday dinner. Almost didn't make it to the restaurant due to the stench in the casino. This is definitely one of the earlier casinos on the north end of the strip. We made it to the cafe & almost didn't stay due to the age & state of the furniture/decor. Hubby talked me into staying. The clam chowder was delicious! Portions are large. Prime rib was so-so. Oh, the waitress kept coming back before we ordered to let us know they were out of rare, then med rare & so forth. We ordered before they completely ran out of prime rib altogether. Waitresses (one was new) were really nice & attentive, too. In fact, all the staff was so friendly! We didn't have room for dessert, but they ALL looked AMAZING!
4	Old School Vegas combined with East Coast Diner fare. When you walk in you are greated by giant pastries and friendly waitresses who have worked there forever.  The portions are huge for the price and the prices are what made Vegas famous.  There are always specials.  The food is always good and surprisingly fresh.  The price, value, and diner feel are great but ultimately even free, bad food is bad.  Luckily Jerry's delivers above average comfort food from meatloaf to dolmathes.  Another plus is it is close to the door so you avoid most of the smoke.  I have tried the taco salad, meatloaf special, and more and while I have never walked away saying it was the best ever, I have enjoyed my meal.  I even won a 25 dollar gift card once.
4	Let me say from the moment we saw our waiter (think Thomas Dolby circa Europa and the Pirates) I knew this was going to be special. The menu is all over the place. Mexican. American. Greek. Prices super low. Two of us ordered prime rib in different sizes. Perfectly cooked. I really scored ordering Greek spaghetti, meatballs and the most amazing lemony Greek fries. They were out of the meatballs so I substituted a crazy delicious chopped sirloin. There was so much of it that I actually shared (not something I'm known for) and still had plenty for my selfish self. We all were so happy we spent quite a bit of time handing over heaping forks full of food across the table. The only bad spot was my boyfriend ordered a strip steak that was so dry rabid dogs would have walked across the street to avoid it. He'd ordered it medium well. It was a brick. When we mentioned it to our waiter (best waiter ever) he looked genuinely pained. Here's where the problem came in. The cook had the temerity to say he'd cooked the steak correctly and the manager backed him up. Rather than go all Julia Sugarbaker I let it go. If I have one tip for Jerry's it would be this: if you have a table full of happy people and there's only one problem, fix the problem. This is Vegas it's what we do. Don't tell the customer they're wrong. If that hadn't happened, I'd gladly give this place 5+ stars. I will be back and highly recommend it to anyone who wants a really good, well priced late night meal. Btw, Jerry's has really cleaned up. Good job.
2	I have been going to Jerry's Cafe for over 20 years for one reason, the carrot cake. Today was no different. At the end of a good meal (always good food) I inquired about taking home a piece of cake. Our server went and checked to make sure there was some available. Sometimes they don't really have certain bakery items which I understand. She came back and said they had some so I ordered a piece to take home. We'll to my surprise I opened the box at home to discover it was a piece of SUGAR FREE carrot cake! I have never been so pissed off about this Cafe ever. The server lied and took advantage of me ordering it to go knowing that I would not notice until later. Watch out when you go there. You may get servers who sell you what they have not what you ordered and not tell you. By the way the sugar free carrot cake is terrible. Such a bad oily aftertaste I had to brush twice to get the oily taste out. I give them 2 stars because their food is good and this is the first time I have been taken advantage of at Jerry's.
4	Food was outstanding service was even better. Highly recomended. We had the steak and lobster for 9.89 and it was very good. Jill was our waitress and she was great
4	Just had dinner there. The 9.50 steak & lobster was great. The desserts were good to. My date had the prime rib & huge salad. Good value & quality. Uri was a great server also.
4	OK. I wrote a bad review about this place a while back because of  a certain waiter and afterwards, the management that handled that certain waiter. That person has not been seen working the coffee shop since then. The homies can safely eat at Jerry's Famous Coffee Shop again. YEEEEEEEEEEEH!!!My three favorites from this place: Breakfast Steak & Eggs: Always cooked consistantly. Basic NY Steak, over easy eggs, and hashbrowns. Always on point.Prime Rib: I've had every single size portion that they serve. Thick cut if you want a big lunch. Double cut will feed your family, or just YOUR FAT ASS.BBQ Pork Ribs: ALL DAY!!!Friendly staff. Gangster desert area around the entrance. Will be coming back for more on lunch breaks. EYE LIKA!!!
4	I am a regular at Jerry's Famous Coffee shop and after daily visits with my gramps i can easily say that the food and service at Jerry's goes almost unmatched through out the city. My gramps has been a regular for 30+ years and can not stand to eat anywhere else and it took me a while to understand as i weened myself off junk food, after about a year of Jerry's food i began to feel a lot better and even lost a good amount of weight eating their healthy options. Though they do have healthy food, i can also easily get stuck on their pancakes and other sweets. It can get quite crowded and sometimes the wait can be long, but it is most often worth the wait.  Also if you have a chance to try Jerry's Lobster Benedict, DO IT. Best eggs Benedict dish i have ever had, as long as they do not forget the avocado :]
1	Gosh I can't find words to describe the bad feelings for that lunchSo on Dec 30th 2013 I went to Jerry's Nugget restaurant with a coworker.I ordered Philly Cheese stake and she got some Greek food.In my plate I find a 20 inch hair :((((((( and called my server to tell her about that and she gave me this look like it is mine or something reminding that I am a guy with short hair. The manager an older guy comes out and all I was expecting was an apology or at least a comp on a food that I found hair in it and have not finished and I was even ready to pay for the other dish. He comes with this real bad attitude  and asked me to pay fully for the dishes that I even have not finished and when I start arguing about he threatens that he will call the security on me. I work in down town and I would each and every one of my friends this story :( so unhappy
5	Since moving to Las Vegas in Dec 2013 I've been to Jerry's numerous time and had the best service from a gentleman named William he is a server there and is always on his game not to mention the attention he gives as your server very out standing excellent job William. Not to mention hats off to the chefs that kitchen is by far the cleanest kitchen I've been in here in Vegas and I've been in a lot delivering produce.
4	Items Selected:Strawberry Ring - Choux, Bavarian Cream, Whipped Cream, Glazed Strawberries, Chocolate ShellJerry's 50th Anniversary Almond Nugget Cake7-Layer Carrot CakeBread Pudding CakeMonte Cristo with Hash BrownsButtermilk BiscuitCoffeeLargely incapable of sleeping in on weekends and having thus taken it upon myself to explore the Vegas 24/7 dining scene after my morning run a somewhat atypical Sunday would mark my first visit to North Las Vegas, home of Jerry's Nugget - a casino having celebrated its 50th anniversary just three days prior - and Jerry's Famous Coffee Shop, the 24/7 retro-modern eatery within.  Decidedly different from the Luxe resort-casinos of the southern strip but featuring a gritty sort charm it was just after 5:00am when I arrived at Jerry's and with a skeleton crew catering to just six other patrons in the large space service was expectedly accommodating with coffee kept brimming throughout as a somewhat slow (likely understaffed) kitchen prepared hot dishes allowing me to focus first on pastry - a collection of over fifty options baked in-house featuring cakes, pies, danishes, donuts, and more.  Beginning with the famous "Strawberry Ring" it should first be stated that for a choux-based pastry baked at least 8 hours prior to remain crisp and buttery beneath two types of rich cream speaks volumes to the quality of kitchen and with both textures and flavors aplenty the dish proved wonderful, a lightly sweet take on the Paris-Brest with a portion big enough for two or three more than justifying the $6 tab.  Working slowly through the ring with frequent coffee refills as I awaited my sandwich it was with some disappointment that when the Monte Cristo arrived the flavors would only prove average, the fried bread shining while proteins and cheese proved meager in both taste and portion, but propping the dish up with a touch of real maple syrup it should be said that at $1 each, the biscuits at Jerry's are worth seeking out - an excellent rise and good layer separation beneath a crisp, buttered top.  Taking the rest of my order to go, a veritable bargain at $5/slice, suffice it to say that while Jerry's may not be the best choice in town for a sandwich I'd be hard pressed to name a better choice for cake as each of my three selections shined; the anniversary cake a sort of dulce de leche with buttercream and frangipane vying for top billing over a delicate crumb, the bread pudding featuring two layers of rich pound cake topped with lightly sweetened egg custard and a bruleed top, and the carrot cake dense with cinnamon, nutmeg, carrots, raisins, and walnuts beneath thin ribbons of cream cheese frosting - the best I've found in the city to date and a contender for the best I've tasted anywhere in years.
5	Don't judge a book by it cover or in this case its location! Absolutely amazing service & food! Our drink never went empty and the food was great! A must try!
4	I've lived in Las Vegas for 35 years, but for some reason, never ate there. Until tonight. My girlfriend, my daughter, and I, were seated relatively quickly, despite a very busy Friday night. The shrimp cocktail, onion rings, and mozzarella sticks, were large and very good.The chicken sandwich was very good, the prime rib was excellent, as was the New York strip. Service was prompt and friendly. Cost was inexpensive, particularly in light of huge portion sizes. They must go through a LOT of doggie bags!A common error in many restaurants is incorrect meat temperature. Here they got medium and medium well perfect.No hint of frozen foods. Everything tasted very fresh. The veggies were a bit under-seasoned, but easily corrected at the table with salt and pepper.Desserts are insane. Huge, fresh, awesome. Highly recommended!
2	Honestly, I'm not even sure what rating to give Jerry's Famous Coffee Shop.  I'm not going to lie, their food is decent and their mozzarella sticks are pretty damn delicious!  But the experience I had there about a week ago was a little disturbing. My family and I decided to go have breakfast prior to catching a movie and chose Jerry's.  We ordered and got our drinks quickly, but the waitress we got was pretty bad.  Right off the bat, she seemed nervous to take our order.  We figured she was new, but the woman was literally shaking.  She was very nice, but again, was so nervous that it made us a little uncomfortable- she was just taking our appetizer order, after all. We were being polite to her- so there was no reason for her to have looked so shaken up.  So anyways, we order our appetizer and she forgets the plates. No big deal- she went to get them, but it literally took this woman about ten minutes.  Again, we let it slide, whatever.  So she takes our actual order once she gets back with our plates, still seemingly nervous, but the ordering of our food went semi-smoothly.We waited... and waited... and waited... and I kid you not, it took about forty-five minutes for us to get our food.  Pretty ridiculous especially when you have to wait with moody and hungry kids. Once we got our food, the order was totally wrong.  My husband ordered a simple bacon cheeseburger and somehow was handed this HUGE plate of barbecue ribs.  We were also given an additional breakfast we didn't order.  So we asked her to leave the extra breakfast so my husband would have something to eat since we were all on a tight schedule and would have to leave soon.If that weren't enough, ten minutes into us eating- I hear this little scream coming from both of my kids.  They pointed towards me which made me look back-- and what do I see? An effing cockroach!  Safe to say, that alone took ALL of our appetites away.  This was also enough for my husband.  He told the manager about our experience, he pointed out the cockroach- and didn't make a big deal about it, considering he didn't want to disturb everyone else's experience.  Granted, the manager was very apologetic and "took care of us" by not charging us for the drinks and the barbecue ribs we didn't eat nor order.  Woah.Let me make it clear that we didn't care whether she "hooked it up" or not, but this experience changed how I feel about Jerry's- cause everyone knows, where there is ONE roach, there are THOUSANDS!  Gross!  Which is why I don't think we will ever be going back. Farewell awesome mozzarella sticks!
3	I stopped in at Jerry's for breakfast this morning.  I haven't been here since the 1980s.  In walking through the casino, I was surprised at how much nicer it seemed to me than it did years ago.  Since it was morning, ti wasn't very crowded with people at slots and there wasn;t a lot of smoke to bother me.I looked at the menu carefully, checked the Yelp reviews, and then ordered huevos rancheros.  I got the eggs over easy and I opted for corn tortillas.  Jerry's was very quiet.  In a short time, my breakfast was brought.  When I ordered, my server asked if I wanted mild or hot salsa.  I chose the hot.  Jerry's doesn't know hot salsa unless someone put the wrong salsa in the small dish she brought.  There was a large serving of refried beans with some taco chips in the beans.  The eggs were done correctly and the entire dish was covered in chopped fresh tomatoes and lettuce shreds.My server, Mamie, was very pleasant and competent.  She was back quickly with the coffee pot to refill my cup.  The breakfast was large, very filling, and good but there was nothing that would make this stand out above other huevos rancheros I've had.I would like to go back sometime in the afternoon and get their strawberry ring for dinner.  It looked so good in the front case as did many of the other pastries including GIANT eclairs.Jerry's is A-OK!
5	the fried zucchini and o-rings were amazing!!! that batter is to DIE FOR!I had Prime rib which was very pleasing. but the server that we had just made my night. He was very personable and attentive. I wish i could remember his name. I think it was like William...Walter. i'm sure it was a W-name lol. Iono he was a sweet black guy. I'll be back for sure! :]
4	Location and ambiance sucks, but you can't beat the prices for some good quality prime rib!
5	Outstanding is just one word I would use. Good service and the desserts were just excellent. The staff in the coffee shop have each been here for years, which says a lot. our waitress was attentive as well as personable. It's not located in the best part of town, but it's safe enough. This place has been located in this area since 1964. Mob era and if this town was still run by the mob I'm sure we'd have a lot better customer service and way better deals then they have now with the cooperate douchebags of this era. Just go eat there it's that good. I promise you you'll enjoy every bite you stick into your mouth.
5	They wowed me! The Steak & Lobster special $9.89. The steak was high grade and perfect med. rare. Nailed the lobster in cook and seasoning...,but it's the little things I notice. Food served fast. Condiment bottles clean, new and not married or watered down. Great dessert array. Chowder chock full of clams. I see the large assortment of menu items are higher than most coffee shops, but the quality is there so it's worth it.
2	Came in for breakfast on a Saturday morning at 9am. It was pretty empty so I was expecting pretty decent service. I got a simple breakfast and the food was decent, however I was only seen twice by my server, and I waited over 20 minutes to get my check and then another 10 to get my change. I'm a very patient diner but the service here was a real bummer. :(
4	We stop here for meals passing through.   Sweet D's been a customer for decades.   This  trip she had a 1/4 lb burger.   I ordered spanikopita.  It had a garden's worth of spinach, fresh tomatoes & cucumber, feta and lots of tzatziki.  Huge.  Fresh. Delicious.
4	My family and I have been coming here for at least 10 years.The prime rib is usually excellent and you have the option of ordering it "blackened". That option is delectable as well, but can be quite spicy for some...it varies on the spiciness scale. Some days it's hot, other days it's not!We usually bypass the desserts even though they look tasty spinning around in the front lobby.The service varies as well. Many of these waiters and waitresses have been here for a looooong time. There has only been one person that has been consistently bad and (if it isn't packed with customers) we request to be seated in some other section if we see that person there. Otherwise, the new and old waitstaff are pretty friendly, efficient, and know the menu items well. Ordering is relatively easy and food usually comes out pretty quickly.Avoid the place on holidays and you're likely to have the best experience.
4	I was recently telling a friend of mine about Lawry's The Prime Rib and how good it was.  And he said the best he ever had was at Jerry's Nugget.  I'd never heard of the place, but I met him there for dinner one night.  When I drove into the neighborhood, I thought I'd taken the wrong direction.  It is not in a good neighborhood at all, in North Las Vegas.  Needless to say, when I pulled up in the parking lot, I was beyond skeptical.  I walked in and it was basically a dump with rather seedy looking clientele.  However, when I walked in the coffee shop, I was quite surprised.  The food looked incredible.  And it smelled great.  I ordered the Prime Rib.  They had three sizes.  I got the small one, and my friend got the medium sized one.  The small one was enough for me.  The medium sized one looked like the size of one served on The Flintstones.  It was HUGE!  I could have eaten four meals off of it.  But it was definitely top notch prime rib.  The service was ok.  They weren't overly friendly.  But I definitely love their food.  And the menu is huge.  I highly recommend it.
3	So we showed up Sunday evening, based on great yelp reviews and a friend who's a local, all raving about the prime rib (the house specialty).  My wife ordered an avocado burger with fries and I ordered the prime rib.  A few minutes later, the waitress came back and said they were out of prime rib.  We almost left, but I asked what their next best specialty was - which the waitress said was "Jerry's Famous Porterhouse."  I decided to try it out - what a mistake.  While it was tender enough, the flavor was bland - just like my wife's burger.  I had to dip the steak in horseradish just to finish it.  The service was friendly enough, but the food was exactly what I'd expect from a coffee shop.  Don't be fooled by the reviews here - this place is nothing more than a coffee shop (and an average one at that.)  Maybe the prime rib really is THAT good, but I probably won't ever come back to try it - it's too much a hassle to go that far out of the way into a seedy area only to find out the one thing I was looking for was sold out.UPDATE: The VP of Operations of Jerry's Nugget contacted me through yelp and explained their process, including how hard it is sometimes to keep enough high quality prime rib vs. wasting food.  His response was personal (not a form letter), and I will definitely be giving Jerry's (and their prime rib) another chance when I get into Vegas again.  Raising my rating to 3 stars for the WELL ABOVE AVERAGE customer service.
4	I first came here in the late 80's. Prime rib, fish , it's all good. A refreshing break from the insanity of the strip. Of course we being somewhat insane ourselves ordered the 40+ oz prime rib for our first timer friend. It was a great night! It's all still good. Staff is great! Outstanding value and so easy to just be here. Enjoy.
4	I share my namesake with this Casino and I love it's old Vegas feeling of aged gambling (and carpets).  It's good and smokey and plenty of drinks to go around for free if you are sitting at a slot machine. Tip the waitress $2 and she will be very grateful and return every couple of minutes to make sure you are still ok. Great original location to play slots or just sit back and people watch in the lounge chairs.  PLAY AT JERRY's!!!
3	Food was two stars. I got the Greek omelette which featured large blocks of feta cheese that had neither the taste nor consistency of anything approaching cheese. I had to douse the thing with hot sauce to taste much of anything. Toast was overly buttery, I don't know why diners feel the need to do this so often. A lot of items on the menu were super overpriced. My companions similarly complained about the food and it made us all feel gastrointestinally displeased.Service was four stars. Refills on the orange juice plus consistent and responsive servers. Being that this was off the strip, I didn't expect top notch quality, but the wait staff prevented this place was from being pure oblivion.Two star food and four star service averages out to three stars...right?
2	sorry but my ny steak had no flavor.. i had to use steak sauce.. but it wasnt dry so i guess i should appreciate it.. even though i got med rare and it was more like med.. typical diner i guess.. cheap.. so cant really complain that much right?
2	This meal only reminded me why we had not been here in so long. A half pound guacamole burger ordered medium with cheese was served well-done with brown guacamole and a limp piece of cheese that was still cold.  Server offered to re fire but we were in a hurry. . The. Turkey club had 2 thin slices of Turkey and 2 pieces of bacon. The there was more lettuce and tomato than meat. . The only good thing is they still serve great steak Frys, thick and crisp. . Guess we'll stay away another year or so.
2	If not for the ambiance which was laid back and the wait staff who were very friendly this would be a one star review. Food was bleh. First the coffee was terrible. I took one sip and left it. For a place with coffee in the name I was very disappointed. Most diners have reasonable coffee, not this place.Then when it came to the food it was bland with nearly no flavor. Not sure why there are so many reviews praising the food. Be warned.
2	We came here in search of prime rib. They were out except for one serving. We had 12 people. It was not good. Sadly the best part of everyones meal was the free salad.
4	Jerry's is an institution and has many fond memories for me and my husband. His entire family grew up in Las Vegas, and he has been coming to Jerry's since he was a child. When we started dating, he was excited to share this experience with me, and we have brought both relatives and friends to sample the food. Generally when we come, it is for breakfast- I love the breakfast skillets, and the chicken fried steak cannot be beat. I'm also a big fan of the sandwiches and Nachos.Plus, 5 dollars for a huge slice of homemade cake? You can't beat that.  Admittedly, it isn't a great area and I do get a little nervous driving through the neighborhood at nighttime, but we have come for dinner once or twice. The Prime Rib is high quality for a price that can't be matched. The soups are also made fresh, and the garlic bread is made daily. It is just hard to find another restaurant at this price point that puts this level of care into their food. Two "secrets" that I highly recommend taking advantage of: one- if you have a business card, bring it. Jerry's does weekly drawings, and give out 10 (!) $25 gift cards each week to the winners of their business card drawings. Number two- ask for a tour of the kitchen! The owner is proud of the operation and the cleanliness of the kitchen, and if you ask, a staff member they will happily show you around. The kitchen area is not only huge, it is immaculate. If you have any doubt that Jerry's runs a clean operation, or makes their own food, ask to see it for yourself. So leave your pretensions at home, accept that the casino itself isn't necessarily where you would hang out on a Saturday night, and get ready for some quality food at a great price!
