4	Before I begin, let's put this in perspective, ok? Dickey's is a chain, and I don't particularly care for chains. Two years ago, we visited the Dickey's up on Shea, and had an immediate adversion to the place. The brisket was tough, the sides were mediocre, and the people that worked there looked like they could've cared less...about anything. Today, I visited Dickey's for the second time, but in a new location, close to home. I was starving, craving ham, and wanted to check it out, you know...in case I contracted a hangover some day and needed some immediate BBQ relief (this is kind of a joke).I had the 1 Meat Plate, with ham, and tried the BBQ beans and cole slaw for sides. Pretty good. Better than the other BBQ place I recently reviewed close to home. Not as good as Joe's in Gilbert (no where near Joe's perfection) but pretty damned good. The line is substantial since their opening a few days ago, and the place is small, but nice personnel that are eager to please, and pretty damned good BBQ...I'll be back...
5	Awesome Dickey's!! Friendly staff, amazing food, and nothing beats free ice cream!!
5	I have always felt that chain restaurants should be reviewed in category all there own because they will never be able to compete with a restaurant that produces a fresh product. With that said, I would rate Dickey's as one of the best chain BBQ restaurants that I Have experienced. The art of a chain restaurant obviously starts in the kitchen with the ability to mass produce a product in one location or  standardize a recipe and distribute in another location with minimal effort for the staff, requiring a lower pay scale to support the almighty bottom line. From what I could see they use a vacuum sealed bag product that merely needs to be reheated. However the art is in fulling the taste buds and creating the illusion of freshly made product. This was accomplished! The second part of a successful chain that is control-able is  the staff interaction and presence with the customer. For this I give Dickey's in Scottsdale a ten+. I was there on the 4th of July; working holidays is always the worst part of the restaurant industry. The staff showed no signs of animosity towards being there on a holiday. To the contrary the staff added to my holiday experience! I also enjoyed the unlimited self sever BBQ sauce bar with whole dill pickles and soft serve ice cream! Well done Dickey's and staff!
5	I have always felt that chain restaurants should be reviewed in category all there own because they will never be able to compete with a restaurant that produces a fresh product. With that said, I would rate Dickey's as one of the best chain BBQ restaurants that I Have experienced. The art of a chain restaurant obviously starts in the kitchen with the ability to mass produce a product in one location or  standardize a recipe and distribute in another location with minimal effort for the staff, requiring a lower pay scale to support the almighty bottom line. From what I could see they use a vacuum sealed bag product that merely needs to be reheated. However the art is in fulfilling the taste buds and creating the illusion of freshly made product. This was accomplished! The second part of a successful chain that is control-able is  the staff interaction and presence with the customer. For this I give Dickey's in Scottsdale a ten+. I was there on the 4th of July; working holidays is always the worst part of the restaurant industry. The staff showed no signs of animosity towards being there on a holiday. To the contrary the staff added to my holiday experience! I also enjoyed the unlimited self sever BBQ sauce bar with whole dill pickles and soft serve ice cream! Well done Dickey's and staff!
5	At first I thought I had made a mistake but as i continued eating my Pork Sandwich the more I realized it was down right delicious and much better that I had thought.  I loved the Pickles that were in a huge jar next to the drinks, while mild it too was one of those items with each bite it got better.  There is no question that my wife and I will be back, again and again.  The staff was very friendly and made it a pleasure to have lunch there.
5	3rd Visit within a week.  We have been so impressed with the food and staff that we took a friend.  We tried something different and once again were very happy that we did. No Question we will be back, and soon if I have anything to do with it.
4	They have great food, I got the beef brisket sandwich and it was delicious it was a great blend of beef and BBQ sauce, unlike most places they don't drown ur food in BBQ. Also the beef was moist and juicy. On the side I got Mac and cheese, it was good but nothing special. Overall this place is great and if ur looking for someBBQ this is the place to go.
1	Yikes...I won't be going back.  The ordering system is confusing. The staff also seemed confused. The food was very bland and pretty tasteless.  THIS PLACE IS NOT EVEN IN THE SAME LEAGUE AS HONEY BEAR'S NEAR THE AIRPORT!! Skip this bland chain, and go to Honey Bear's!
5	My Wife and I have been to Dickey's 4 times now, and that in less that two weeks,.  Each time it's something new.  Had a nice conversation with Andrew and learned about Dickey's and I tried the Chicken and enjoyed it.  Very tender as well as moist.  With a little of the Dickey's Original BBQ Sauce made it even better.
5	This is truly some great barbecue!!!  My family and I have eaten there 4 times in the last two weeks (It has only been open since 6/21/2012).  Every item we try is wonderful!!!  I would suggest the Baked Potato Salad, waffle fries and the onion tanglers.  For the meats, go for the brisket, pulled pork, ham and turkey.  You have 3 choices of BBQ sauce, Original, sweet and spicy.  They are all good.  The meats are juicy and they come without sauce added so you can add as little or as much as you want.  With your meal you get all-you-can-eat pickles and soft-serve.Kids eat free on Sunday when you dine in.
2	I recently visited Dickeys and observed the food staff and overall exp , The food is way to over priced . There was two of us and THE TOTAL BILL was about 40 dollars . The food portions were small and they tried to make it better by offering half melted ice cream and pickles . The staff was amazing and very upbeat but that about it . Lower prices equal more reoccurring customers .
4	Great BBQ!   The staff are friendly and love the free ice cream.  Only problem I had was the sweet tea, It had a funny taste to it, it was either old tea or they aren't cleaning there tea brewer.   I'll go back and try it again.
4	The bf found out about this place through fliers that were dropped off at his job.  We are foodies and fancy ourselves connoisseurs of bbq.  We've been to Joe's in Gilbert, have visited Phil's of San Diego many times, and before it closed I've enjoyed The Oklahoma Line in OKC, along with dozens of others.  The only reason I'm mentioning these other places is to show that I've had good bbq and have a bit of knowledge regarding the subject.So two days ago, my bf showed up at home after stopping at Dickey's for some carryout after work.  This was our first time to try it.  He had the chicken sandwich and got me the pulled pork sandwich.  As this was to be a snack, we didn't get any sides, although he did pick up a couple of the free jumbo pickles.  We were both pleased with the moistness of the meat and the bbq sauce had a good flavor.  All in all, good enough for us to make it our dinner choice for tonight.  The restaurant is the corner shop in the shopping center at the intersection of Thomas and Hayden in south Scottsdale.  Run by 3 graduates of the Scottsdale Culinary School who have spent the last 7 or so years working at the Fairmont Scottsdale Princess as chefs, it's not a large restaurant, but cheery inside and clean.  It has a Subway type of set up where you start at one side, giving your meat order and move down the line giving your sides order and then move down the line to the register.  Our order for tonight's dinner is as follows:  The bf must've really been pleased with his chicken sandwich the other day  because he ordered it again with a side of coleslaw and a side of bbq beans.   I was eager to try new things, so I ordered a 2 meat plate with brisket and polish sausage along with sides of  fried okra, fried onion "tanglings" and jalapeno beans.   I also ordered a slice of pecan pie that was packaged in individual containers at the register.  For drinks, they have heavy "big yellow cups" in different sizes.  I like that alot because they're reusable and not just thrown into the landfill after our meal.  The brisket was so tender  and moist.  I wasn't sure how I'd like the polish sausage because other places who serve hot links or sausage have disappointed.  But this was actually good.  I tried the original bbq sauce along with the spicy bbq sauce and I prefer the spicy bbq sauce.  It has a kick to it, which is what I prefer.  The fried onion tanglings and the fried okra were good.  These are similar to what I've had elsewhere.  When I ordered the jalapeno beans, I envisioned beans that would be similar to the Wilbur Beans that they have at Famous Dave's.  I was expecting bbq beans with a sweet flavor that also had the firey spice of the jalapeno.  Not what I got at all.  I think typical bbq beans use pork and beans for the base, but these jalapeno beans used ranch style beans for the base.  So there was no sweetness whatsoever.  They were good, I also like ranch style beans, but since I was expecting something else, it was hard for me to be overjoyed with them.  It's totally my own fault for expecting Dickey's to be like other places.  If there was anything about the food that I didn't like, it was the pecan pie.  It wasn't awful, but it was obvious that they store these pie slices in the same refrigerator as the onions.  The heart of the pie was yummy, but the crust of the pie had the taste of onion.  As far as the portions go, I was satisfied and I'm no punk.  I can put down some food, and I had to get a to go container.  I thought I would be able to finish it all, but in the end, I was miserable....and so delighted about it. My bf was also very pleased with his meal.  He also preferred the spicy bbq sauce, even though he mixed the original bbq sauce into his coleslaw and bbq beans because he liked it so much.  I had some of his bbq beans and liked them very much, maybe because they were closer to what I was expecting my beans to be like.  The drinks are free refills, of course.  The jumbo pickles are free.  And complimentary ice cream cones after your meal.  The prices were not more expensive than any other bbq restaurant that I have visited.  BBQ is not going to be as cheap as a spaghetti dinner or Mexican food.  Quality meat has a bit of a higher cost. This is not the best bbq I've ever had, but it's good.  The staff is super friendly and attentive, which is how I came to know about the history of the three owners.   I'll probably be back again in a few days.  I like this place alot.
4	Walk-In:  The smell alone took me right back to my childhood in Atlanta going to amazing pit bbqs with my family.  If your clothes don't smell afterwards, they aren't doing it right.  I've been to the Dickey's at Scottsdale/Shea and the food was good but I wasn't blown away, and the service was kinda brain dead.  This new Dickey's at Hayden/Thomas is way better.  Entrees:  I usually get pulled pork or beef brisket sandwich(both great), but went for the chicken breast this time, everything is always good here.  If you are confused about ordering (as a previous reviewer was) think of it like Chipotle: you pick a meat and pick how you want it served, pretty basic, and the employees were more than helpful and friendly (at this location).  Can't wait to try the ham and sausage too.Sides:  I was excited to try the 'Baked Potato Salad' side, but it was just a cup of instant mashed potatoes with melted cheese and chives on top : /   Mac & cheese is always good, fried okra is a nice southern touch, green beans are super watery and flavorless, waffle fries were better than the onion rings, i just wish they offered hush puppies, that would rule!Extras:  Like most places, it's the little things that make a big difference.  Kids eat free on Sundays, they offer free jumbo pickles, free soft-serve vanilla ice cream, free refills (get the big yellow cup!) and they offer their sauces on the side, which is great because there's nothing worse than getting a soggy, drowning bbq sandwich, or a dry, bland one with barely any sauce.  I highly recommend the spicy bbq sauce, i like to mix it with the sweet sauce, so good.  Check Please:  Sure, Dickey's isn't as cheap as the Sonic drive-thru next door, but it's fairly priced for much better quality.  This location is a lot smaller, but offers booths, tables and 2 flatscreen tv's, there were several families there, take-out was quick, service was great, I will be back for sure.
5	This place is really awesome!  I love the pulled pork sandwich with the coleslaw topper and my husband loves the ribs,  They have a really good selection of plates and sandwiches and a lot of different sides to choose from.  They also have free ice cream.  The staff is always very nice !!!!
2	Seriously?  I was disappointed after seeing so many great reviews.  It's like fast food BBQ.  It's ok of you want something fast, but its not true bbq.  Tough and spongey chicken.  Brisket was ok.  I've been to many bbq places where there is actual bbq meats being cooked right there with their personal bbq sauces and seasonings.  Plus the bbq sauce seemed watered down and it was just lightly squeezed onto the chicken.  Not even sure the chicken was bbq'd.
5	We ordered BBQ for a work party. They gave us a good deal and the food arrived on time. Everything was great!
1	Are you kidding me?  I was disappointed after seeing all the good reviews. It is fast food BBQ. If you want a McRib and McDonalds is not Serving them go here. Do not go here if you want real BBQ. This place sucks!
5	I went here with  a friend a few weeks ago and loved the food! I got the brisket and the ribs with waffle fries and onion tanglers! I don't know why i got two types of fried sides, but they were all AMAZING! They have BBQ on the side and I tried the Spicy one which was delicious! They even have FREE pickles and soft serve! It was so much food, but after climbing I scarfed down most of it! :) Everything was just so good!! Even the small piece of bread! :) I will be coming back here again very soon!
4	Tried this place for lunch on Monday. They had the $2 special BBQ Chicken Sandwich. I was expecting a tiny slider style sandwich but it was as big as any sandwich you'd find at McD's. The chicken had a nice smoky taste to it and was moist and slathered with good amount of sauce. The dickey's sauces are also delicious, with sweet, spicy and regular. I'll have to try their meat plate combinations next time. To finish off the meal, try the free vanilla ice cream! Can't go wrong with free! Tip: If you subscribe to their VIP club beforehand, you'll get a coupon for free Large Dickey's Cup!
5	Both times Ive been there, lunch and dinner, they had lines out the door... Free Ice cream, excellent meat, sides, and rolls.  Gotta try it to believe it... Dont throw out your yellow cup, refills are only 99 cents on future visits!
5	Pleasantly surprised. Delicious food, excellent service. Dug the free ice cream and pickles.The employees seemed to care, be excited to be there, and want you to enjoy the experience. Funny thing, they didn't work on tips--and i'm not even sure I saw the pre-requiste tip jar either. We'll be back for the fall off the bone pork ribs, and spicy bbq sauce!
5	pretty decent flavor and fresh ingredients. A good neighborhood restaurant.
3	Not that bad for a chain. I prefer their Texas style brisket and the pulled pork. The Jalapeno beans are pretty good too. I haven't had them yet but the baby back ribs looked amazing. I also really like their spicy BBQ sauce!
4	I hadn't been to a Dickie's since the one in Chandler (at Rural and Chandler Blvd.) closed. We had a GroupOn coupon. It took a while to decide what we wanted because they had so many choices but the servers didn't get upset while waiting for us to read the options.I got the brisket and hubby got the ribs. We had the original sauce which we both liked (I don't like anything spicy). Our service was truly exemplary. They asked at least 4 times if there was anything else they could get us. All the employees seemed to know how to do a great job and accomplished that.What amazed me was how hot the sides stayed as I ate the brisket. I got the potato casserole and green beans with bacon. When I looked at the beans, I didn't expect to like them as they were way over done but they had a good flavor. The roll was still warm by the time we were done eating (can't eat wheat). All in all we had a great experience and will definitely return.
4	Im giving 4 stars because the owner and staff were awesome when it came to customer service. The food though was 2 stars. Maybe it was an off day, not sure but I order a sandwhich and said I didn't want pickle or onions on it. It came with both, which was irritating. The fries tasted like nothing. I will go back because of the service and hopefully they get the food right.
1	Jalapeno beans were too watery.  Ribs were very salty on the hard outter layer of meat.  Chicken was ok..  I liked their sweet bbq sauce.  Maybe I'll try the pulled pork next time.  The prices were kind of high for what they offer.  The free ice cream had a weird greasy texture.
4	Been here before in other cities around the country. Mostly, it is the same quality food all over. At this location, I cashed in my free Birthday sandwich and I chose the Chopped Brisket, which I usually get. This version was good as usual, chopped up right when you order, placed on a bun with pickles and onions and there ya go. Always lean and not much fat involved, it is a solid choice. Oh yeah, free ice cream cone on these hot days always a plus too.
3	It is what it is.  If you've actually had good barbecue, don't set your standards too high.   It's a chain barbecue restaurant.  I've had the ribs and the smoked turkey from here.  It is what it is.
5	I am from the South- so I know good BBQ. I went to Dickey's with some co-workers during our lunch break. I had been dying to try it and now I am so glad I did! They have daily deal specials- Fridays you get a 1 meat plate with two sides, a drink, and a roll. I got pulled pork of course, the mac n cheese, baked potato casserole, and sweet tea as my drink. On our way out the door we got some of the free self-serve ice cream and it was delicious! When we returned to the office, we ate like we had never seen food before. I thought I had died and gone back to Alabama for a second. Everything tasted AH-MAZING! I ate every bit of my meal and the tummy ache from being full after it was worth it! Dickey's is about 3 mins. from my house and now they have a loyal customer. If you want good BBQ- go to Dickey's! (Also, ask for a rewards card if you think you will be a frequent buyer)!
4	I think Dickeys is the bomb. When I first discovered this place I came like several times in one week. I didn't realize it was a chain at first but I think it's pretty damn good for a chain. You get a TON of food regardless of what "plate" you get. The beef brisket is really good but the pulled pork is my fave. The best sides in my opinion are the mac and cheese and the coleslaw. I got the fried okra several times and wasn't a big fan but maybe I just went on the wrong days because I gave it one more try the last time I went and it was really good. They have 3 different types of BBQ sauce: regular, sweet, and spicy. The spicy is my favorite but they're all really good. This is a great place to get takeout and to go in and sit (it would be even better if they delivered...) and if you dine in there's a little froyo machine. They run Groupons a lot and when they do I buy several! Also, this is a good place to go when you want all the fatty sides and a roll and all that stuff but I've been doing the slow carb diet and you can come here and get the meat plates without any carbs or bad sides (they have green beans as a side). Get a yellow cup because you can keep bringing it back. But maybe you should keep it in your car or something because we have about 15 of those cups and every time we get there we realize we forgot them....
4	Excellent food for a reasonable price. I had the racecar sandwich and it was fantastic. The only complaint I have is that I wish the sides were larger. If you like spicy food, I highly recommend the spicy bbq sauce. I'm sure I will be going back many more times.
2	Down we go as I tried the turkey. Ya know those Jenno O turkey breasts you always see in the store? - well it appears Dickey's bought a bunch of them and put them in the smoker and then charged us $5.50 for a large sandwich. The turkey is not good breast meat, it tastes more of gelatin you find in the Jenni O world. BBQ sauces all all watery now, saw some forms of fly hovering near the dirty meat cutting area as well. The pickles are good though and you can stock up on fake plastic silverware on the to-go orders. I will only visit a Dickey's in the south from now on - that chain food just seems to always taste better in BBQ country.
3	3.5 stars.  I admit I was pleasantly surprised by the pulled pork.  Decent flavor, minimal fat, and served without sauce, a big plus for me.  As for the sauces, the original was my favorite.  The sweet and spicy was too sweet, but if that's your thing, it's a good sauce.  The Virginia style ham was quite good, too.Where Dickey's falls a little short for me is on the sides.  I do like the barbecue beans and the green beans with bacon.  Although I wish they had corn bread, their dinner rolls were quite good, but stale by the next day.  Apparently, they are changing their bread soon, though.  However, I did not care for their potato salad.  It's a mustard-based salad, but aside from that, it had the consistency of mashed potatoes.  I think I got one bite with some substance.  And the mac and cheese has way too much cheese.  I like it cheesy, but this was swimming in it.  Overall, good for a quick meal.  I've actually gotten their meat before, and made my own sides, too.  It can be a little slow, but all the employees are super friendly.  The free soft-serve ice cream cones are a nice touch, too.  But don't take it outside, it will melt before you get to your car.
5	Went there again today! It was fantastic. A huge pulled pork sandwich,Baked Beans, Baked Potato Casserole, and soft serve! Portions were generous- I have left overs for dinner! :)
4	Man, these folks are super!! Cant say enough good about htis place
5	I was so excited to write a review for this place. Like I've mentioned in previous reviews, I'm a fan of the little guys. Especially when it comes to BBQ.  I've had Dickies several times, mostly catered for corporate events, and I've always been less than impressed. It was never that is was BAD, it just wasn't great. This particular location BLEW MY MIND!I had a bad day at work, and wanted BBQ and this was close to home. My husband and I split a family picnic with pulled pork, mac and cheese, and beans. The pulled pork was the right amount of dry, with tasty little chunks of candied sauce. The mac and cheese was wonderful, I could taste the cheddar. I didn't ask if they make it in house, or if there is another company but I LOVED it.The Baked beans were okay, a little too spicy for my taste buds. My  husband and father LOVED the beans, said it reminded them of chili.  The manager told me it came from an outside company, so the beans technically aren't even theirs to rate LOL Did I mention free ice cream? I didn't have any, but my mom made herself a rootbeer float and was happier than I had seen her in ages LOL  It's neat to see a resturant giving stuff away for free! My parents only got sodas, and didn't eat - so being offered free ice cream twice by the manager was awesome. Spent quite a bit of time talking with Andrew, the General Manager - who told me, himself and the two owners are all culinary school graduates with backgrounds in fine dining.  They stated a majority of their rubs/sauces come for corporate - but they enforce clean kitchens, and 24 hours marinations.  I don't know what the differences is, but it's working.Andrew, you run a great resturant. We will certainly be back.
4	Great place for BBQ in Scottsdale. Free ice cream, kids eat free on Sundays! 4 star GO HAWKS!
5	The big yellow cup says it all! Lip smackn, finger lickn.... Mmmm good food! Friendly service too. My family loves coming here. My favorite is the pull pork sandwich. Kids get a solid helping, and we always make room for the FREE ice cream. Looking for comfort food? This place is it! Succulent ribs. The meat falls off the bone. Nice choices of BBQ sauce, from regular, spicy or sweet. Our family has ordered Dickeys full thanksgiving meal last year.awsome! We'll do it again this year.
4	What can I say? Dickey's is a staple BBQ joint in Texas. If you like thick cut brisket and BBQ sauce, Dickey's is worth giving a go.I prefer my brisket sliced (hearty and delicious), usually with a side of jalapeno beans (spicy!), mac and cheese (a good, standard side), waffle fries (fried deliciousness), and their spicy BBQ sauce (yum!!!). The turkey is also pretty good. Regular BBQ sauce is the way to go if you don't want your meal too hot. Rolls are decent; the bread for the brisket sandwich is really good.I can see this kind of BBQ not being for everyone, but if you like Texas style BBQ, give Dickey's at least one try.
5	We used Dickey's to cater our rehearsal dinner. The food was fabulous and so affordable! They also supplied the plates, napkins, and plastic ware. We chose to have the beef brisket and pulled pork, the mac n cheese, the baked potato casserole, and baked beans. We also had them cater dessert which was delicious. Loved the food, loved the price!
5	They also go above and beyond on service.  I showed up at this store thinking I put in a catering order and my mistake I placed it at a different store, they had not problem hurrying up getting me all the meat I needed and canceling the other stores order for me.  Thanks guys.
5	If you love BBQ, you'll love Dickeys. The best part, aside from the friendliness of their staff, if the quickness. Yes, if you go in during mid-lunch or Sunday evenings, you'll experience a line. A line is a good thing! It means people want to eat there! The Westerner is my personal favorite with brisket and honey ham. Enjoy some soft serve while you wait, dine in or take out, but always enjoy. It's not every day you get good BBQ in Phoenix.I'm a fan!
5	We eat here often and the service is always very good. I prefer the Big Barbecue sandwich, which is even cheaper if you vine on Mondays. Cole slaw topper is a must. Also try the fired okra and then finish off with free ice cream! Definitely recommend!
5	Last night, I had the privilege of traveling with friends to this restaurant. I've missed pulled pork sandwiches more than ANYTHING in the world, so I entered the place extremely excited and a bit under the influence. Pulled pork sandwiches? GIMME GIMME GIMME. I can never get enough of them. Last I'd had them, I was at my grandmother's funeral after-party.They have so many options, and all of them are barbecue-licious. Of course, I chose the pulled pork sandwich with macaroni & cheese and barbecue beans as sides. This was my first course, anyway. I sat down to eat with my dearest friends and, much to my delight, I was at once stolen away to the land of purple food faeries and euphoric fluffy clouds, all drenched in barbecue sauce.Trust me when I say that that's a good thing.After I finished this course, I simply had to sample more. I went up to the register and asked the polite and serviceable employees what kinds of assorted desserts were available. They told me they had pumpkin pie. And that was it...I ordered the pumpkin pie and, ravenously true to my nature, I scarfed it down in less than a minute, feeling God return to forgive my soul its agony with every bite.Shortly after, I glanced at my friend and grinned at a very special prospect. I was going to order another pulled pork sandwich. We left and went to the dollar store, then I returned not more than ten minutes later, insisting on another pulled pork sandwich.The staff happily obliged. In hindsight, I probably seemed like a weirdo. I am a bit of a weirdo.But trust me, Dickey's Barbecue Pit is worth it even if you have to deal with weirdos like me!
1	poor serviceI was waiting in line,  and when the manager got to me, He addresses me as "Buddy" and tells me I have to wait because he was too busy with orders.  He didn't really care about the people in line that had already been waiting.  I just went ahead and left.  Too many good restaurants with excellent service in the Scottsdale area
5	I am orig from memphis Tennessee and have tried some prior bbq joints. This is bye far one of my favs. I had deep fried okra, mac and cheese and bbq pulled soo good I was expecting for some lack luster drive threw mc d's bbq kind of establishment. However I was rather shocked, very good food flavors where all there, bbq sauce was really good, even pork had a nice taste to it a little spicy but beats dry or un flavored. Will be heading back for shure ..
4	Good stuff.  It's a national chain, so the menu items, sauces and meats should be consistent from one location to another.That said, what they offer is tasty, authentic bbq.  Yum!They even offer big, goofy yellow plastic cups with discounted refills for repeat visits.You can't go wrong with Dickey's BBQ.
5	My boyfriend and I love this place.  He says the beef brisket is the best he has had.  I love the spicy sausage.  The fried sides are way too salty but the meat is so good I don't care.
5	Excellent bbq!! It's rare to find a place that doesn't drown the meat in sauce, so it's a treat to eat here. I can never get just 1 or 2 meats, so I tried the pulled pork, brisket, polish & ribs. Don't make me pick a favorite- they're all delish! Each was so juicy & flavorful that I didn't even touch the sauce. Service was quick & friendly too. Thanks Dickeys!!
4	Back up the ladder and a nod to the free Big BBQ sandwich ($6 value) offer available through the email club. Went back to pretty much what this place is known for I think - the brisket. You can get it served two ways and I chose chopped this time. Served plain with a few pickles on a white bun, the meat was pretty much perfect, no fat, nothing. The sauces contain alot of artificial ingredients, lately an issue for me, and all three sauces kind of taste similar. You only need a dab if you choose the brisket. Too bad the other meats are not up to brisket quality, but now at least I won't wait til my birthday week to return again.
5	Love this place the food taste awesome the service is always great.  Only downside is they ran out of ribs. Which I guess means they're so darn good everyone wants them. Yum.
5	Love this place bbq its always good. Nice to be able to get some good bbq quick and easy just like texas. My dautgher and I love having a daddy daughter day and hitting dickeys. Free Ice cream ROCKS.
5	Quite possibly the best BBQ I've ever had -- and I lived in the Carolina's, so that's saying something!Try the brisket. It's awesome!
3	Pretty good BBQ. Service was friendly. I really loved the spicy BBQ sauce. We sampled the pulled pork, ham, brisket, spicy cheddar sausage, and ribs. It was all tasty but our favorite item was the ribs. The fried okra was good too. The only disappointing part was the soft serve ice cream. It tasted artificial and was a little "off" in consistency. Overall a good experience. Id go back.
2	Brisket is good.  Service isn't all that. Pricy in my opinion.  Small side $2.25. Med $5.75!  One size soda cup $2.25.
4	Had the beef brisket and chicken breast with a ceasar salad. Brisket is tasty and full of flavor chicken was juicy and tender. southern sweet tea was refreshing on this hot day. This is a great lunch combo. Enough for two but I managed to finish it myself. And they have free ice cream. Cool little lunch spot. I'll  be back for more.
4	Pleasantly surprised. Good meats and sides, was higher quality than I was expecting. Friendly, helpful, tasty. They took the time to find out if their sauces were gluten free so my husband could enjoy.
5	I'm a regular and yesterday as I was dining there for lunch I  thought this place is so good I'll have to put in a good word.  I doubt there are any better ribs in town and the hot sauce on the side adds to the delicious experience.   The sides are better than expected,  I like the fired okra and potato thing.  .Overall, very good for lunch or dinner and not overpriced.
4	The staff is so polite  funny and they make a genuine connection with the customer. I absolutely love this place! I am from Houston and we are home of the barbque....This
5	Loved it!I ordered online for a company lunch.The food was hot & ready at the scheduled time.Very good. Everyone loved it!
5	Good stuff
3	An above average fast food BBQ place, Dickey's does right by their turkey and polish sausage, but the main events of the brisket and pork  are just passable... A bit too pm the dry side. Service has been mixed but not offensive, though it's confusing to be told they have run out of one of their marquee meat options at 11:30am...Overall a solid option for a quick nearby BBQ fill, though there are loads better options around the valley (hello Little Miss BBQ)
4	The food is solid 4*s. Service and organization are top of 5*s. Well set uo, helpful & friendly. I had pulled pork & sausage with barbeque beans & fried okra, pecan pie & unseetened tea. Everything was well prepaired & tasty. Pricing is realistic. I mistakenly was expecting less quality & service.
5	I wanted to try something new with my husband during his lunch break. I love brisket and thought I would check this place out.  It is delicious! Got Mac n cheese with my meal and it even tasted great. Not too many places have good Mac n cheese. My husband thought it was okay. I will be back in the future. It is a little to far from my job which is a bummer.
