4	We were driving down Dobson Road one day when this restaurant caught my wife's eyes.  Since I am a sucker for a good bowl of Pho, we decided to stop by and give it a shot.  The restaurant looks modern and pleasant.  We were promptly seated and served with drinks.  My wife ordered Hai Nam Chicken Rice and I went with a bowl of Pho with all the fixings.  The Hai Nam Chicken Rice surprised me since I rarely see any Vietnamese restaurant that have this, especially in Phoenix area.  While it does not look like your normal Malaysian/Singaporean chicken rice, it is tasty enough to satisfy your curiosity.  Easily the best in the Valley for now.  The Pho is good but not as good as the one at Dragonfly Mesa.The second time we were there, we ordered Vietnamese Beef Short Ribs and Bun Cha Ha Noi.   The Short Ribs is tender without being charred, my wife likes it.  Bun Cha Ha Noi is very good and I highly recommend it to anyone who never tried it before.  Just Google the dish and give it a shot, you won't regret it.
5	I was refered to Pho Ao Sen from a family friend in the East Valley. So my brother and I stopped in last Saturday and tried it out. My tummy is very glad I did. The whole make up of the restaraunt was very well put together. Very nice compared to the ghetto ones Im used to (Da Vang - Phoenix)Now onto the food, I ordered one of their rice plates. I forget what its actually called but it came with grilled pork, egg, shrimp, rice, veggies, and this square thingy. My brother ordered the Pho. My dish was very very good and I highly recommend it. I cleaned my plate and my brother slurped down his soup. Next time Ill order the Pho. As far as prices, they were ok, but I wasn't going to complain. Clean, fast service, and good food, what more can you ask for. Cant wait to go back......
5	Another gem hidden in a strip mall facade.  Great food, low prices, efficient service (too efficient? Better be ready to order when you walk in!)  Try the Bun Cha - you won't be sorry.
4	This restaurant is 1 of my very few favorite Vietnamese restaurants in Phoenix area. One of their main selling point for me is the restaurant is extremely clean and nicely decorated. Also, I never have to wait too long for the order to come out. The food is cooked in a way to please a wide variety of patrons. I've seen Vietnamese, Chinese, Koreans and Americans.Even though the Pho noodle soup's flavor isn't as authentic compared to what I have had before, it is still decently good. Rice tends to be a bit dry, but their sauces and marinated meat are delicious. My most favorite dish here is #22 (Bun Bo Hue). It is one of the best in AZ. It is a different kind of rice noodle soup with more texture and flavors. Those who never had any other kind of Vietnamese noodle soups other than Pho might not quite enjoy it at the beginning. But if you're adventurous and willing to try a new dish, I highly recommend this one.
4	I am a pho lover.  I have been here a few times since Pho Ao Sen has opened and this is one of the nicest  pho restaurants I have been in!  And I believe their pho is some of the better in the valley.  The broth is clear and there is always a large ammount of goodies in my #19(rare steak, well done flank, tendon, and tripe)  I think the one thing I have noticed is the broth is not as salty as some of the other places I have eaten, to me this is not a problem, but the difference.. less MSG maybe?  I would highly reccomend Pho Ao Sen to anybody!!  Oh, and the icing on the cake is I live 2 blocks away!
4	THE LOWDOWN: Quick, tasty, and definitely worth the amount of money they charge. One star off for the state of the bathrooms.According to my Vietnamese girlfriend, the pho isn't exactly authentic, but it does say something when she insists we keep going back. The food comes out quick, the staff are friendly, and the decor makes for an intimately friendly dining experience. A great place for a quick lunch or a long, drawn-out dinner with friends and/or family.Of note is, of course, the "pho-nomenal" (as advertised... I couldn't make it up if I tried, honest) pho which, while considered basic, is done very well, and comes in different combinations of steak, flank, tripe and tendon to your taste. Also worth ordering are the spring rolls, which come out looking like a work of art and tasting pretty damn good. The iced coffee, while a tad overpriced for the amount you get, is sufficiently strong and sweet, and provides for a satisfyingly refreshing conclusion to your meal.Somewhat disappointing, however, was the Bun Bo Hue, which was way too herby for my taste. The curry also left me somewhat disillusioned - no kick, and not much of a curry taste. These two options aside, you should be happy with everything else. Nonetheless, that's half a star knocked off.The other half of the star that's missing is due to state of the male bathroom. The floors are generally as clean as a restaurant bathroom can get, but every time I go in there to wash my hands, it looks like somebody's puked in the sink. Every single time. I don't know what it is, I don't WANT to know what it is, and it puts me off my appetite... until my pho arrives, anyway.In conclusion, Pho Ao Sen is definitely worth going to. You won't be disappointed. Just consider bringing some hand sanitizer or wet wipes.
5	Uhm, I've never used the words hip and trendy in the same sentence as the word pho before, but this PHOnomenal restaurant, true to its own tootin' is a downright hip and trendy pho restaurant! There, I said it. The place is immaculate. Never taken a date to a pho restaurant before? Here's your chance. Affordable eats, chill ambience, and did I mention the food? Totally up to par. It's like going to your favorite hole in the wall vietnamese restaurant with the yummy food and foregoing its tacky decor. Ta-da! Pho Ao Sen AZ.
4	I don't care what time of the year it is, I love soup. And one of my favorites is pho. I went there the first time with David R because he loves pho as much as I do. He may be more asian than me though he isn't. The decor wasn't like most of the pho places I've been to where it seems like they want you to get in, eat and get out. Cozy atmosphere and a water sculpture.  I oredered the #19 which had rare steak, well done flank, tendon and tripe. Everything came out very quickly. The steaming broth was nice and clear and was less salty.  Let's see, it's 12:33 right now, must be time for pho!
5	NICE!Good Pho, beautiful environment, attentive staff, delicious (non-dairy, w00t w00t) deserts, great prices..... really, the whole package.  I was never a big fan of Pho until I found this place and I have been probably 10x's in the last 6 months.... always for Pho.  It's excellent.For $6.50 you get a huge bowl of wonderful Pho soup, rice noodes, and beef with a large of plate of been sprouts, basil, jalapenos, and lime to toss in to taste.  They're open 7 days a week starting at 10am every day, do yourself a favor and start your day with a bowl of Pho, especially after a night of drinking, you will not be sorry.After your bowl of Pho you will be super full, but do not let this stop you from indulging in a red-bean slush with jelly and coconut milk... holy crap it's amazing (and dairy-free).  Go there NOW!
5	Man, their Pho is really addicting. I eat here about once a week, that's how much I love it. I'm impressed every time. The decor is super modern and sweet, friendly and attentive staff, and most importantly the pho makes me want to cry (good tears of course) it's that good. Every time I leave I can't wait to come back.
5	Pho Ao Sen is one of the rare Asian restaurants who truly get it--that what draws people is not only having fantastic food (which they do), but also creating the *right environment*.  With trickles of water, strings of jazz, and a comfortably lit and set-up interior, it serves basic Vietnamese fare, at the basic Vietnamese fare that we have come to expect and love.  It's not pretentious by any means, but comfortable and welcoming.  The food is filling, delicious, and definitely satisfying.
5	girlfriend and i always stop here on our treks to lee lee market.  If you haven't tried pho (pronounced fuh) , this is a great spot.  Basically its a beef soup thats a thousand times tastier than campbells.  its served with a plate of crisp and fresh veggies, like bean sprouts, jalapenos, basil, etc,  that you can throw in the soup.   i recommend using the spicy sauce that has roasted garlic in it instead of sriacha.   we also had the lemongrass beef salad which was equally good.  Everything is fresh and tasty with great service.  make sure you take dobson for the easiest entrance as pho ao sen is facing west!
4	The happiest Vietnamese place that I have been to in Phoenix. The accompaniments like the Sriracha and Hoisin sauces are neatly arranged on the table, the decor is warm and welcoming.The Pho is probably the best in the valley and the Bun is good too. Among the beverages, the Thai ice-tea is especially good, better than the tea at the Thai places that I've been to. Average price of the entrees is approximately $8.29 and the helpings are huge. The reason I give it 4 stars is because we had to change places as the back area was a little smelly.
5	Double Yum!  Pho Ao Sen is a pretty place to get Pho and other Vietnamese dishes.  A big group of us went so we could try a collection of items.  It was pretty chill when we went since it was after the typical lunch feeding time, but I heard this place is pretty popular so it's probably a lot busier on weekends and evenings.  Here's a smattering of the things listed according to my favorites:1.  Marinated Fried Chicken Wings-  These were phenomenal... marinated in a sweet and tangy sauce and then fried.  When you bite in, the juice from the marinate seeps out.  Just try it and you'll know what I mean.2.  Grilled Pork Spring Rolls-  I typically don't order spring rolls in restaurants since I like to make them myself at home, but these came with a really interesting mango type sauce that I have never had paired with traditional Vietnamese spring rolls.  That was what made them so unique and delicious!3.  Vietnamese Beef Curry-  Not a huge portion, but just enough to satisfy a hungry girl.  The beef was tender and seasoned nicely with a hint of star anise.4.  Pho Dac Biet Bo Vien-  Actually I ordered pho with just rare beef, tendon, and tripe (you can kind of pick and choose the meats you want if there are certain meats you don't like).  The meats were fresh, the pho broth was clean and tasty, but lacking some of the spice flavors that I'm used to... couldn't tell you which ones.And for drinks:  Try the Che Thai (coconut milk over ice with mixed fruits--jackfuit, palm seed, jello strips, and coconut jelly)  or the Che 3 Man which is coconut milk with mung bean, red bean, and some other mystery bean.  A little on the sweet side for me, but still yummy!Pho Ao Sen has a great atmosphere... fresh, bright, and stylish, but still serves comfortable Vietnamese food in an unpretentious way.  Great presentation of dishes and overall nice experience.
4	My friend and I were driving in Mesa when he suggested that we go to a favorite Pho place of his. I agreed because his choices are pretty good and I was hungry ( as usual). We pulled up to a strip mall and I normally don't care how a restaurant looks like, but I thought this joint looked good. New and modern. Now I was afraid of the food. Normally my friend goes for taste and not looks. And Asian restaurants have one or the other. But, this place surprised me because the food was not bad. I ate the Bun Bo Hue which was spicy and not watered down. It had most of the required nasty stuff (pork blood) ,but no hock. Had to take away a point for that. Overall I like the place and will be back.
5	This is my new favorite Pho place! Very beautiful decor, great menu and plenty of delicious drinks too. They also have different bowl sizes which a few other Pho places in the area don't offer.
4	YUM!  Finally, a place we like.  This place is really clean, pretty, and contemporary :)...unusual for a Pho restaurant right?  The original location is in northern Cali so we were totally excited to get there.  The menu is very simple but enough to satisfy your taste buds.  Oh, the restaurant is away from the major street hidden behind other shops so be patient.*Food = very good-chicken wings = YUM YUM YUM. You should really try it at least once.-Spring rolls = I never had it with such a nice aroma-Korean bbq = I don't know why my bf ordered this at a Pho place but it was good.-Pho = to be honest, it was a little bland BUT good.
4	Good pho is usually a trade-off: good soup for a less-than-desirable atmosphere. OR, what's worse, a  "cool" place for crappy, msg-laden pho.Pho Ao Sen manages to deliver both great pho and a clean, trendy atmosphere. The pho is flavorful, the toppings (bean sprouts, mint, basil, etc.) are fresh, and the meat is quality. These things sound trivial but most places f it up pretty consistently.Have I gone to heaven? I dunno, but I'm going back there tomorrow!
3	The restaurant has a nice ambiance and average service.  When we ate there for dinner it wasn't packed but it was crowded enough- with all Asian people.  The menu does not offer any vegetarian fare.  I asked and was told they do offer the lemon grass rice noodles with beef made vegetarian.  I was told they use a vegetable protein that looks like beef and tastes like beef but is not beef.  I was a bit hesitant but ordered it.It was actually really good.  I was afriad of getting sick later because it really was beef and I have been a vegetarian so long but I did not.  They must have told the truth.  My dinner with a glass of water and tip was less than $10, I believe.  Inexpensive!
4	Bf and i went today and the pho was REALLY good.  You really didn't have to add anything to the broth to make it taste good because it was already perfect.  4 Stars because we had pho and some spare ribs, and all the meat that we had was a little tough.  And it was completely dead, so I didn't really like the ambiance.  It was all awkward trying not to slurp noodles too loud because there wasn't that much sound going on lol.  And after we got our meal no one stopped by to see if we needed anything really, and when we were done we just kind of sat there and didn't know if we were supposed to walk up to the counter or what.  But other than that it was really good.
4	Went last night after reading all the positive reviews of fellow yelpers and we were not disappointed.  To start, we ordered the egg rolls and the Vietnamese spring rolls.  Egg rolls were light and crispy with a very tasty pork filling.  Spring rolls with shrimp were average.  For main courses, we enjoyed the house special Pho, #15 (which three of us ordered).  The broth was flavorful and the ingredients tasted fresh.  The Korean spare ribs were tasty as well (other reviewers cued us in to this).The service was fine.  When we arrived at 6:30, we were the only ones in the restaurant and had the place to ourselves until almost 8pm, when several other groups rolled in.  Our food came out quickly and it was piping hot.The ambiance is nice and somewhat upscale while the prices are very reasonable. As the website pictures show, it's not your typical hole-in-the-wall pho restaurant filled with the sounds of slurping noodles.  If this is what you're used to, you won't find it here.  But, if you're up for a nice quiet spot to go with friends or if you're looking for a more romantic dinner, this is the place. The consensus among all five in our group: we would definitely go back.
5	This is definitly one of my favorite places in town. The selection on the menu here is smaller than most Pho's around but this place is definitly more upscale than most also. They bring the food out beautifully plated so everything looks real upscale and tastes excellent.  The downside is they don't have some of my fav things but I have learned to like some new ones. Service is very good also. I have tried the house special pho, the curry, and the spring rolls. One of my  friends ordered the combo plate,  it looked really cool the way they plated it and he said it was very good. Everything I ordered was very good and I look forward to going back and trying some more things.
4	I've been to at least 50 Pho restaurants.  I tried the Hue version of Pho and I like spicy (hot)  but it was a little overpowering to enjoy the flavor.  The quality was there but I still prefer the regular Pho and wish I had ordered that.  Probably the nicest atmosphere in a Pho restaurant I have come across.
4	Above average Pho. The chicken they use is kind of grizzly and nasty in my opinion. Establishment is super nice and clean.  Awesome atmosphere without a doubt.BIG BONUS: lots of hot Vietnamese women working in the kitchen.
1	Not a huge fan of a restaurant that has "PHO" in its name and it runs out of Pho on BOTH visits.  The other non-pho items were ok.  The service is awful.  Don't plan on going back.
4	This is one of my favorite vietnamese food restaurants in the Phoenix area. Me and my roommate used to come here all the time, and the #22 (Bun Bo Hue) is my fav! But I haven't been here for almost 3 months since my roommie left the country  :(Their menu has changed from the last time I was here, they added some pictures, and more importantly, prices have increased!!! I remembered #22 used to be $6.95, now is $7.95! However, I think it's still reasonable!We had the #4, Spring Roll for appetizer, and I ordered #22 as usual and my friend had the signature pho, I guess is #15, but might be wrong..The food presented nicely, and tasted good! #22 is a spicy version of pho, with a different kind of rice noodle. These noodles are bigger and shorter than the regular pho (but not as big as udon), the soup is very spicy, and kinda of messy to eat (so many ingredients and little pieces of chill). If you never had it and can handle spicy pretty well, I recommend you to try #22!
2	Eh, the pho was only alright. I prefer Dragon Fly's #39
2	I came here because of the reviews off of Yelp, but the hype for this place is excessive.  First, this place is overpriced.  I don't mind paying extra for something that is worth the price, but the Pho here is mediocre.  I should not have to add a large amount of "Cock" sauce just to flavor the dish.  Second they have a small selection of Pho dishes and the wait staff is slow as hell.  This could have been resolved by having additional wait staff on the clock, but I guess the management was trying to save money.  Lastly,  the portions are small in comparison to most Pho restaurants.  I had finished my meal in about five bites.  I am guessing the ownership is probably  business oriented and not food oriented.  "Make everything seem special, and the rest will fall in place."  That kind of idea does not work in a restaurant setting.  The only reason I am giving this place two stars is because the restaurant looked nice, but I know now if I want good Pho at a good price the restaurant should not look like an art gallery.  I am also guessing most who have wrote reviews for this place gave it such a high rating because of what the restaurant looked like.There is definitely better Pho restaurant choices in Mesa/Tempe/Chandler.
5	Hubby and I ate lunch here on Jan. 26 and it was wonderful! We had the light and very tasty spring rolls which were perfectly put together. We also had Banh Tam Bi- Rice Vermicelli with Coconut Milk Concoction, a very yummy dish with a lovely taste and a bit of crunch. We topped these appetizers off with the chicken soup (#21), which was unbelievably delicious and came with a large plate of fresh basil and bean sprouts that were so gorgeous they looked like they had just been picked from a garden. The soup servings were only $6.00, and so big that we had enough to take home for another meal today. A great experience for our first visit and we look forward to taking friends back with us!
4	This is my go-to place for pho as it has magical healing powers (I shit you not kids).  Any time I (or my lunch buddy) have been sick over the last year or so we head here quick like a bunny for the Pho Ga. Combine that with the coffee and you have open sinuses, a happy belly, and enough caffeine coursing through my body to make it through the rest of the day.I usually go for the pho tai chin or the pho tai but have eaten most of the menu without any complaints save one. My one teeny tiny complaint is that in some of the dishes the meat is not cleaned all the way so you get giant chunks of fat. Normally I have no problem with a little fat but this is a little much....Also a quick warning for the not-so-much-adventurous, if you order the Bun Bo Hue go ahead and order it without the congealed pork blood...
5	This place is pretty darn Pho-nominal... I would go so far to say that this is the best pho restaurant in the Phoenix metro area. Definitely not your typical hole in the wall Pho restuarant... the decor and service are great. I would recommend having the pho and/or broken rice plates. Pho Ao Sen's spring rolls are also amazing. Last but not least... the owner is hot.
4	I will brave the weekday rush hour to get here for my pho fix. I think that, for pho, the broth flavor is every bit as important as the meat. Here, it's well flavored even before adding in the "fixins". The tendon is buttery soft and the tripe is thoroughly cooked. Meat is fairly plentiful. The sprouts, jalapenos, basil, and cilantro served alongside the pho are always fresh, with nary a hint of wilt. Portion sizes are generous enough to make me feel like an absolute pig if I polish off my pho. Once, I ordered pho to go, figuring on eating it for lunch the next day. When I opened up the bag at home, the wonderful people at Pho Ao Sen had separated everything neatly. Meat was in a generic takeaway foam container on one side, noodles on the other. Broth was put into a huge foam cup, and bundled up in a plastic bag were fresh sprouts and all the other "fixins"! They even included packets of sriracha and hoisin sauce. It made me so happy ...And to top it all off, the place is clean, not squicky at all!
2	The soup was no impressive!! There wasn't a lot of it and it was very oily!! Not a lot of flavor but they did win my heart over with the amount of basil!! Maybe it wasn't that great because I got it to go, but with so many other good vietnamese places near by-I'll pass!
4	I ate here for the second time last night.  The $5 off $20 coupon in the Entertainment book sealed the deal.The restaurant has changed the menu a bit and added 3 vegetarian options to the menu.  The lemon grass rice noodles that I previously mentioned along with a vegetarian curry and vegetarian fish dish.The food was really yummy as was the iced Jasmine tea.
2	Nothing great about the food. Too oily. Decor is nice though.
4	Ordered the nuoc mam chicken wings, and the goi cuon.  Both really good but I think they used too much nuoc mam in the chicken wings.  Yummy bun Bo hue. It is misleading because normally this dish is like red broth warning you of its spicy content.  well, this place doesn't have that so I was choking on the broth when I sipped it.  LOL Thanks!  It tasted great!  I was surprised to find a fairyly large Vietnamese population in Phoenix so the food reflex that.  Service was good as well since we over stayed and they also didn't mind taking a pic of our huge family reunion.  They ran out of two of the 3 option for vegetarian food. So my parents both got the veg fish (soy based) with tomato sauce.  They liked it a lot.
4	I must say they really spruce this place up.  Makes my Vietnamese food taste better too I think :)  Not to say I dislike hole in walls, but Ao Sen really paid attention to their decors.  To the food!  We ordered an appetizer to start - had coconut milk and noodles, forgot what it was called, but like my friend said; "can you go wrong with coconut milk."  I order a #29 - I don't speak or read Viet, but it sure tasted dandy!  I was trying to be different and not order the "PHOnomenal" - maybe it was the feel of the place; it just didn't make me really want PHO.  Anyways, #29 was a pork/beef lettuce noodle wrap - fun and yum!  Chances or return very high...enjoy!
5	Ever since I left San Diego for Arizona, I've been looking for a Vietnamese place that has my favorite pho dish, pho bo kho.  For some reason, no one around here seems to have it......except Pho Ao Sen.And let me tell you, it's not just the fact that I haven't had it in a year that made it taste so phenomenal.  The broth had that nice thick heartiness that this stew-like pho should have, full of flavor.  There was ample meat, just the right amount of rice noodles, and all the sides were very fresh.Also, the nuoc mam chicken wings were a fantastic appetizer.  Crispy, hot, perfectly seasoned and just the right amount of spiciness.  Nom.This is now my regular stop for pho in the Phoenix area!
5	Coming from San Jose, aka Little Saigon, I always thought anything out of the bay area was just ok. Except my mind did change over the last year or so when I started going to Pho Ao Sen with a co-worker. This place is just awesome! The broth is always the killer feature to set  pho-restaurants apart, and this place has always been consistent. Customer Service is always great, and people are always greeted with a warm smile from the owner who's very personable as well as the staff.Definitely a must-go if you have the urge for Vietnamese food in Arizona!
5	They have prompt service and their food comes out fast. I have never had the pho, but I always order the vermicelli noodles and the shrimp spring rolls. The atmosphere is also very nice.
5	Just when I thought I had been to ALL the best "Pho Joints" in Phoenix (I believe I have eaten in a total of 13!), up pops this one, which was listed (ranked) only as the #5 Best Vietnamese Restaurant by the Arizona Republic. The Arizona Republic got it wrong; the Pho was "ambrosia." Very aromatic, nice amount of meat and delicious! Not only am I ranking it #2 and only slightly behind Dragonfly, it is by far the best looking and best appointed Restaurant of any of the Pho Joints I have seen. Also, it is run by a gorgeous Vietnamese young lady who does ALL of the cooking and is usually there to greet you! GREAT, I mean GREAT Springrolls complete or start this trip to "Pho Heaven!" - Best Springrolls in Phoenix! On my second trip I had the Chicken Wings, recommended in The Republic as "delicious," equally PHABULOUS and have had them often since!
4	This place is such a gem!!!! I love all the food. I bring my out of town guests all the time and they love it. And when my family/friends from seattle came back for visit, they say they must visit Pho Ao Sen at least once. No wonder, because the food is fresh and yummy, service and ambience is very nice! Good job! The other day , I saw FOur Sheraton Hotel van dropped off some of their tourist guests to this restaurant. I bet they also have same opinion with mine. I go there for the soup, appertizers and DESSERT!
4	i love that this place is literally around the corner from mi casa. so convenient for when i need to get my fix for vietnamese food. this is prob the most legit place that i've tried for viet food so far. its very clean. service is great. food is good. the goi cuon is pretty good and the bun cha hanoi is also very tasty. i will definitely be back to try the pho. i'll probably be a regular here during my stay in AZ. =)
4	stopped by to get some take out for dinner. the bun bo hue was actually pretty good. i might be stopping here at least once a week afterall. =)
4	I ordered lunch from here for my wife and I a few days ago.  The service was excellent even though I didn't actually sit and eat.  I just ordered, waited for the food then left.  The place is very nice and you can tell that it was recently remodeled.  They did an excellent job at it.I think this was actually my first Vietnamese food experience so I wasn't quite sure what to expect.First, my wife and I split the Pho which is some sort of soup.  It was unique and excellent.  Full of flavor and spice.  I would definitely order it again.  Then I had the short ribs as my entree.  They were excellent and full of flavor as well.  Next time I'm going to be more adventurous and order something that I don't know how to pronounce.  Everything on the menu looks very good and now that I know that this place serves up some quality foreign cuisine, I will definitely be back.
5	Oh that's where I left it!  Years of neglect, conformity, discomfort has dulled it.  Lack of attention has made me nearly forget it existed in the first place.  I should've gone shopping with it more often, dressed it up nice, took it out around the block so people knew it was part of my life.Ah, Vietnamese food, cornerstone to my soul growing up.  How I've missed you, and how wonderful it is to find you again.I was born Vietnamese but grew up denying it.  I'm happy to report that Pho Ao Sen has helped me bring some Viet soul back in my life.  Although I blame my girlfriend for never wanting to go out for Asian food, I completely forgive her years of indifference for suggesting trying out Pho Ao Sen!I will say that walking in, I was incredibly nervous.  I've never been to a Vietnamese place that I loved if it had nice decor or great service.  Opening the door, you're greeted by a lovely water feature that is just the right size to catch your attention but not be too ostentatious, and everything is a lovely dark mahogany-colored wooden theme.  A sleek looking bar is the centerpiece of this nicely sized restaurant, ~70 or so I estimate it could seat.We were seated promptly, and courteously asked what we would to drink.  The missus stuck with water, while I indulged in Da Chahn ($3.00), a wonderfully tart, cooling, freshly made batch of lemonade.  Toni ordered Pho Ga ($6.75), which arrived in typical gargantuan bowl fashion, and also came with it an agonizingly tempting aroma (can't eat meat for another 21 days) that had me literally over her bowl, nearly overwhelmed by the rich scent.  My biggest pet peeve with any type of Pho is oily broth, and this was the 2nd cleanest broth I've ever seen, second only to my father's.  Chock full of chicken and suitably accompanied by traditional accompaniments, as soon as I am free to eat meat I will come back for this.I ordered the Bun Bo Xao Xa Chay ($9.00) Lemongrass "beef" (textured soy protein with the consistency and moisture content of beef) stir-fried in fresh garlic, sliced onions, and lemongrass. Served with rice vermicelli over bed of fresh shredded lettuce, mint, and bean sprouts, also with crushed peanuts aplenty.  A surprisingly tasty soy-based sauce mixed with something vinegary made a wonderful stand in for nuoc mam (fish sauce).  I ate about half and decided to take the rest home.  Remembering how it tasted, I broke that promise in about 3 seconds and wolfed the rest down.  This could go down so far as my favorite vegetarian dish of all time.Wow, just wow.  I love this place!  It's more expensive than most Viet places I've been too, but the quality of food, service, and decor more than build enough value for me to pay twice as much.  I am ready to bust out the my old bamboo hat that I've kept hidden over the years and wear it down the streets with pride.  Sure, scoff, stare, mock; I'm Vietnamese and proud of it because our food is absolutely amazing!  I'll never turn my back on it again!
4	Stopped in here today as I was in the area and it was kinda gloomy weather, perfect for pho!  I'm a fan of Pho Van down the road and wanted to compare this place.  I only get Pho Ga (chicken) and it seems that it always tastes pretty much the same no matter where I go, so all I can really compare/rate is the service and the "extras".  By extras, I mean the tasty goodness that you put into pho - like cilantro, onions, bean sprouts, limes, etc.Service was good, quick and friendly.Then came the extras.  A mound of bean sprouts (good start), 3 slices fresh jalapeno (good), 1 slice lime (so-so) but no onions or cilantro (bad news).  I asked the server for cilantro and onions.  She hesitated for a second, then nodded, but still seemed surprised at my request (wha?! what pho place doesn't give you cilantro and onions??).She brought my bowl of steaming hot pho, still no cilantro and onions, but I did see that there was a layer of cilantro and onions floating in the soup.  I guess that will have to do.I had to ask for soy sauce.  (Wha?! What pho place doesn't have soy sauce on the table??)SO, overall, VERY delicious (I don't think I left a single drop of broth in that bowl), but I was a little miffed by the lack of "extras".  For $6.75 though, a good meal and I would come in again.
5	This is my favorite place to go to for Pho. I do feel very uncomfortable when one of the girl always hits on me.. I could never actaully have a meal without her coming over and bugging me.The manager is very polite and very beautiful.
5	I have heard a lot about this place from my friends so I and my friend decide to check it out. The restaurant is hidden in the shopping center so if you don't pay attention you may drive pass it.The first thing to notice when I walk into the restaurant is the atmosphere and the decoration of the restaurant. In my opinion, rarely there is a Vietnamese restaurant with that nice decoration. The owner has done a excellent job to decorate it. The best view is the waterfall. The music is relaxing and bring me a family oriented feeling.Always when come to a restaurant, I will check the bathroom first (sorry but if the bathroom not even clean how they keep the kitchen and everything clean. My policy: bathroom tell all) and yes the bathroom is very clean. Now all is up the the food.I notice the way it work. The staff seat you , bring the menu, give you water and wait to take order. The menu look really nice with pictures. Since it is pho restaurant, I order #15. My friend go with #13 and we decide to split #30, #2, and #5.#2 the spring roll arrive first. If every restaurant have their best thing, pho Ao Sen have one too: decoration. Even the food also look nice. The thing I like about the spring roll is the freshness and the peanut sauce. I love it. The taste is so rich and sweet enough for savor. If just give me this spring roll to eat for live, I think I can live with that. The number 5 is excellent. My friend love #13 and he nearly finish it since it has a lot of foods. I keep digging in number 15 and the 30. I love them. The foods have finished nicely my expectation. I really harsh but this is the place that keep up with it. I will be a regular customer here.One thing though, they run out of the new appetizer, the coconut jelly. Shame, I want to try it but I am fine with the three bean desert.
5	Went here today for lunch and it EXCEEDED my expectations! We had egg rolls and spring rolls to start and they were perfect! I ordered #22 and was totally blown away by it. Not only did the food taste wonderful, but the chefs have excellent presentation of their dishes. This is one of my top 3 restaurants now of all time.The atmosphere is modern and sort of "zen-like" - they did a great job with colors, lighting, etc. Love the wall waterfall too!I will go back here again and again and will be sure to take out-of-town guests here. Love it!
3	Rare beef and tendon pho.  OK, not bad.  Beef not that great, and the tendon was middling.  A bit expensive, too.  2 1/2 rounded up to 3.  I won't be back.  There are much better places nearby, especially Saigon Pho on Alma School.
3	Went to go try their pho because of the strong reviews on here.  But when looking over the menu, I couldn't help but notice the Hai Nam Style Chicken Rice (#14).  I have traveled to Singapore once and their national dish is the Hai Nam chicken and rice and it was my favorite thing there.  This dish, sad to say will not make the expectations of anyone that has ever had the dish oversees in Singapore of Malaysia.  The chicken was dry and it did not come with the scallion/ginger/onion paste or traditional soy glaze.  The dish was not bad, but just ok.  I also had the appetizer, Goi Cuon.  It came out immediately, the plating was very pretty, and they were good but nothing extraordinary.  Could have had bigger pieces of pork I thought.  The server was very nice.  He came to take my order immediately and food was out very quick.  However, he never asked me how anything tasted throughout my entire meal.  While I would have never complained and I would have said everything was good and fine, as a server myself, it is important to ask guests how they like their meal.  I think it is an important part of the dining experience in consideration of guests' opinions.  The restaurant was very clean and I did enjoy the atmosphere.  I will go back to try the Pho as that was the original plan!
4	Pho Ao Sen really took me by surprise while on a trip to the East Valley, I decided I would use Yelp to help me find the best Vietnamese restaurant in an area that is known for having so many. I was skeptical since so many people are uneducated on the cuisine, the restaurant's website did not list many dishes that I enjoy, and there was much english spoken on the menu. Even their Bun Bo Hue required a special order of pig blood, and there was no mention of pate or ham hock. I chalked it up to an American place to get Pho, which is to Vietnamese as Spaghetti is to Italian. I mean, most American's eat it because it is "safe" and their brains are comfortable with it. Whatever, I tried it anyway. This place blew my mind! I ended up ordering a "safe" dish because that is all they had on the menu and it really wowed me. Bun Bi Cha Gio, which is something that I actually eat quite frequently was so high in quality and so different from what I am used to. The pork tasted so well seasoned and was very interesting, bean sprouts were amazingly fresh and plentiful, cucumbers and lettuce were crisp and delightful. Overall, the bowl was as if someone had hand picked the veggies and taken them directly from the garden to the bowl. The nuoc mam was a little disappointing after seeing the amazing quality of everything else, it was still very nice but not as flavorful as I prefer. When I make my own I use a Thai Chili in each batch, so I'm just used to a little spicier. Something here that is not so typical of a Vietnamese restaurant is the relative fanciness of it. They have done a nice job of making this a warm and inviting enviroment without it resulting in crazy high prices, such as you'll find at Cyclo. I was thrilled with the service, as it was the first time in ANY Vietnamese restaurant that I received a refill on my water without asking for it, and I've eaten Vietnamese for a LONG time. Overall, I can't give Pho Ao Sen five stars because the menu does not have all the great dishes that is indicative of the cuisine and favors to the safe bets for Americans. I understand their target audience and who lives in the neighborhood, but I wish they would not sell themselves short and stay true to their roots. I will absolutely return whenever I am in the East Valley, as I loved the experience.
1	I went here for lunch thinking that it would be the same Pho in Oakland, CA and boy I was wrong!!! The restaurant looked much nicer and modernize but thumbs down for the food.I ordered the rice plate with Chicken, shredded pork and egg cake. The only thing that tasted okay was the shredded pork. The chicken and egg cake were so bland, I had to put a lot of fish sauce which I hate.  Therefore, ended up not eating it. I ended up ordering a small Pho to be safe, didn't want to eat much carbs haaa.Boy the Pho was such a disappointment, the broth had no flavor. No thanks to this restaurant!
5	This place has become one of my favorite place to eat Pho! My favorite is Pho Bo Kho the beef stew with the choice to eat it with rice or noodle (I always choose noodle). The Pho Bo Kho is excellent and the best that you can find in Mesa City. They also have a traditional Vietnamese desert like red bean ice. It tastes superb. I really enjoy the whole dine experience and definitely one of my top list asian restaurant in Arizona.
5	Hands Down my favorite Viet restaurant in the valley, The Bun bo Hue is the best! great lemongrass layers in the broth, the pork blood is a great authentic touch, gotta have it.  I also get the pho noodles in this one, instead of the thicker vermicelli thats traditional with Bun Bo Hue, but i like the wasy the thinner noodles pick up the soup!  Also try the Beef stew with egg noodle!  WOW  my fave comfort food at this place
4	Food - Pho Tai Chin is pretty good. Banh tam bi is so good, but the portion is so small. I need to eat to orders as a meal. Price - $7 for pho is higher than usualSevice - okayComing from OC this is a clean Vietnamese restaurant that I can count on for flavor.
5	This place is so good. Lil pricier then most Vietnamese restaurant but its price is right for the freshness and delicious food there. One of my favorite place
3	I had a Pho craving so Laura A and I went for lunch.  The inside is done well very modern and a cool wall fountain.  It's quiet inside enough to talk without having a hard time hearing as I find in a lot of Pho places.The food is pretty good I only get Pho Tai at Pho places but this place has good Pho.  It is a tad pricey but only comes in one size which is large.  Laura got a curry beef which was pretty good as well.   For lunch this is a great spot and they have a check-in offer which helps too.
3	The food is good, but the service gradually gets worse each time we come back. They don't greet you with a real smile and you don't really get a feeling that you are welcome to eat here.This is the third time we came back, mainly because our favorite place, BlueMoon Vietnamese Kitchen, closed early today for the Lunar New Year. We figured that we should try Pho Ao Sen again and I can use my third Yelp Check-in to get the 25% coupon while I am here.My hubby ordered Thai Ice Tea, the waitress asked if he wants Boba with it, as a fan of the boba, he immediately said yes. However, when they brought out the tea, the yellow "bubble" has the consistency of a salmon roe. It was nasty to drink and have these things pop in your mouth.I looked and found that they called these "boba" balls Bursting Fruity Beads. NOT BOBA. You should not use the name boba when the majority of the market are expecting tapioca balls. Especially when you don't refer to them as boba on your own menu to start with. Just a word of advice. My husband could not stand the taste and texture of the "bursting fruity beads" so we sent it back without taking another sip, and told them to remake the Thai Ice Tea without their "boba." The waitress did not seem happy and said, that is "their" boba... Not a very good start for us.I love Pho, so my order was easy and fast, but when they brought out what my husband ordered, it was not what he had ordered. He wanted the Beef Curry, but they brought out Beef Stew. We both knew what we wanted to order before we got here, so there was no mistake what we would have ordered. She brought out his food and immediately walk away without checking with us how we were doing/what else we might need.We did not see the waitress come out from the back for a good while, but we can clearly hear her talking loudly in the kitchen. Since she is the only waitress on the floor, we kind of expected her to be more attentive.When she finally came back, we told her that my hubby ordered Beef Curry not Beef Stew, she tried to argue that he ordered the Beef Stew instead. Mind you, the Beef Curry is number 23 and Beef Stew is number 24. It is easy to be mistaken, but when he said he wanted 23 the Beef Curry and pointed to the item on the menu, that was pretty clear to me.At this point, the waitress did not seem pleased and kind of stumped off to the kitchen after my hubby told her that he wants what he had ordered. Overall, the food was good. Pho was large with lots of good ingredients, more than most Pho places would give you and their Spicy Chicken Wings are great too. But due to the lack of good service, we probably won't come back again.There are many other Pho places to try around Tempe/Mesa and we would rather have good service and a pleasant dining experience than not. PS: Our favorite place is still BlueMoon Vietnamese Kitchen. They always greet you with a big smile and checks on you often to make sure all is good. And when they made a mistake, they did not try to argue with us and even gave us a free Pho coupon!
4	This place is TASTY! Love the pho and spring rolls... awesome food and prices.......but one thing i had a problem with was when I order the appetizers. Make it clear how many orders you want. The last time I ordered 1 order of the 2 spring rolls, so my boyfriend and I could have one each, but the server brought out 4 and charged me twice. This also happened with a larger group... 2 orders came out to 4 orders.. i think the server counted the people and assumed we want 2 each.. anyhoo...its yummy and cheap, not a big deal. Peanut sauce is great on everything, I mean everything...
3	Delicious!  The restaurant appears clean and stylish (I was told to go to a dirty, hole-in-the-wall place to find authentic Pho...um, no thank you) and the waitstaff was very pleasant, although they seemed to be under-staffed.  The hot jasmine tea was fragrant and delicious--just the right strength.  I snuck in some Splenda (no sweetener in sight at the restaurant) which added just the right amount of sweetness.  We ordered the #4 spring roll for an appetizer.  It was incredible!  It had Vietnamese sausage, jicama, egg, cabbage (and some other veggies) and was wrapped in a translucent springroll paper, served with garlic hoisin sauce topped with chopped peanuts.  I could eat these spring rolls all day!I ordered #22 for my entree.  Holy cow was this Pho SPICY!!!!  The broth was incredibly savory, flavorful and rich--it was almost too much to handle.  I liked the thicker vermacelli noodles but I was not a fan of the congealed pig's blood that came with it.  The meat was tender but I found myself picking out some pieces of fat (I'm a health nut...but it was delicous!).  Pho is served with a plate of fresh beansprouts, cabbage, crispy onion, basil, mint and jalepenos.  I love how the hot broth tenderized the bean sprouts and cabbage during the meal!  My friend ordered #15, a perfect combination of meat and noodles, had much more meat than most Pho restaurants.  He ordered the steak eye round on the side and it came out just as he asked; the broth cooked the meat so it wasn't tough or overdone at all.  The only thing was his Pho didn't come out piping hot.  Next time I'm going to order something like this instead; the flavors in #22 burned my palate and I really was in the mood for broth with more clarity.  All in all, a very tasty experience, plus it was VERY reasonably priced!  An appetizer, hot tea for two, and two regular Pho dishes (which neither of us finished--I took the rest of mine home for another dinner) came to $24 (without tip).  I'm going to back to try the Bun (noodle and veggie dishes without the broth); I ended up splashing Pho broth on myself as I slurped up the noodles--I'm  not exactly a pro at maneuvering chopsticks and a spoon!
4	The Pho here is top notch and the spring rolls are out of this world! I am relatively new to vietnamese cuisine but have been to a few other places in the valley. This however is my favorite. Taste the pho and you'll know why they kicked our ass back in the war, the food was better than what the GIs had.
5	We're ex-Anise Customers (Anise was a classy place that recently closed). Pho Ao Sen is a great place in the Anise tradition. Great Chicken Soup (#21), Bun (#27), and Vietnamese Coffee!
5	The restaurant is clean and beautiful. Dinner was wonderful. We tried 4 of their VEGETARIAN dishes and they were DELICIOUS!!! Desert was yummy as well, I ended up buying some Che Thai to bring home for my family. The service was top notch, both the waiter and the hostess was very friendly and courteous. I will definitely come back again with my vegetarian friends. From the meat-eaters in our group, I hear the food is excellent as well.
4	Usually pho places are pretty dirty :( but I guess the dirtier the more flavor? :) But I was surprised because it is such a nicely decorated, clean restaurant!This place is yummy. The broth has a much fuller taste then others I've tried in the area. The meat is tender and delicious. The spring rolls are fresh and delicious and a good size. All in all it is delicious!
4	I lived in L.A. for 26 years and am addicted to pho.  So much so that I know the quality of the pho is 60% broth.  This place understands the basics.  The broth is always great. The one reason I didn't score it a 5, is because the broth has tasted differently every time I visit.  It is always good, just never consisitent.  I wish they could keep the quality at the peak level I've tasted a couple times before.  Some pho enthusiasts will applaud this fact because it proves how authentically home-made this soup is, and there's an argument for that.  A good broth takes 24 hours to prepare.  And might I add their meat is of great quality, representing the other 40% of the pie.  This is the only pho restaurant I'll frequent in the valley.
3	You know what? This place wasn't so bad! It's not as good as unPhogettable, but then again, I haven't found a place that is. The staff was pretty friendly.I had the #15. You know...the Pho with everything in it. Yes, even tripe and tendon. I'm adventerous like that. It was great, but I would've liked the broth to be piping hot. It was a bit cool for my liking. The redeeming factor was the meat. Lots of it. The spring rolls were really good too!I'm not sure if I would come back. Maybe. But unPhogettable was a better experience and won me over. Plus there are many other places to try still.
4	The Pho was delicious, the place was cute, and the prices were decent. Also, the service was amazing! The waiter offered to warm up my son's bottle. Good service goes a long way, so we will definitely be back!
4	This was my first taste of Vietnamese and this was a wonderufl introduction to the cuisine. The decor is very modern and classy without feeling cold or unfriendly.I did like that there seemed to be a lot of regulars in the place which bodes well, to me, that the food will be very good. The service was a little indifferent but fast and competent.The spring rolls were excellent and so far have been the best I've had. The bun was good, but after dining at Noodles Ranch, the bun there is better. The Pho was excellent; the broth was lovely and the cuts of meat were nice and lean and in the right size to enjoy without a struggle. The portions were very ample and my husband and I each got an extra meal out of them. The prices seemed very fair to me for how much food you get. I am looking forward to coming here again to try some more of their menu offerings!
5	I was surprised by how delicious and authentic this restaurant is. (Though I did not partake, you'll be happy to know that "cubes of congealed pork blood are available".) They have done a wonderful job decorating the space, so you don't even know you're in a strip mall. They were very accommodating when we requested to have certain dishes made vegetarian, and the service was prompt and helpful. Just beware, the portions are huge!
2	Decor - best your going to find for a pho joint. Friendliness - no smiles here. Spring rolls - all filler no flavor, the lettuce decoration, a bit much. Pho - where's the flavor? Where's the condiments- soy sauce, fish sauce, etc? BTW found two hairs in my pho bowl. Now for my nit picking I had to ask for a straw for my drink. While Pho AoSen has the look right, the broth couldn't be helped and the appetizer was less than appetizing. If your wait staff looks like they don't want to be there then why would I want to stay? Too bad lots of potential, great location, but even 25% offer off my bill wouldn't lure me back.
4	If you go here, get a gift card from restaurant.com. They always have specials so you get 50%-70% off the cards. It ends up costing you $3 when you get a $25 gift card to this place. So worth it.
4	i hadn't had pho in forever and my dinner date had never had it, so we went on yelp reviews and came here and i'm totally glad we did! the ambience is great- zen like and calming. we ordered the spring rolls- very good. i had the #22- bun bo hue. it was amazingly spicy and flavorful- the meat was lean and the portions were plenty. i had read a yelp review where the reviewer claimed the portions here were too small-i'm used to big food and i was fully satisfied. my boyfriend got the pho tai chin- also good but a little milder. the service is a bit meh but still good. i will be returning and thanks to my fellow yelpers on recommending another great place!
5	Really great Pho! Clean place and great price. One of my best Pho experiences!
4	Funny that a Vietnamese place was rated highly in Arizona. Thought mostly the Mexican restaurants would show up. The 25% off attracted me the most, but you only get that when you've gone at least 2 times and have checked in. Fail...It was a classy looking place, which makes you feel like it might be not legit. However, it was actually really satisfying!1) Spring rolls: so good! 2 rolls, cut into 4. They were filled up with noodles, lettuce, shrimp...maybe it was so good because of the peanut dipping sauce! A bunch of crushed peanuts mixed in..2) #1 Pho. The noodles were pretty legit, but didn't give too many. The meat was good too. Nothing TOO out of the ordinary.3) The chicken and ginger rice dish (forgot the name). This was different so I wanted to try it. It was surprisingly really good. The chicken was healthy (mostly white meat) over a bed of chicken-broth cooked rice. The best was the dipping sauce that was made all of ginger and other spices. The side of pickled veggies was a nice touch too.Great, reasonably priced food. I guess it's a great location too, near the community college. Yelp failed on the location though, it led us to the college.Err'body say," AAAA-ooo."
4	Yummy!  You will walk out of this place with a giant full belly, lol! We ordered the egg rolls and spicy chicken wings for starters. The egg rolls were really good and came with fresh and crispy romaine lettuce and dipping sauce. The spicy chicken wings were crispy and had a sweet and spicy taste- they were ok.  I then ordered the Bon Bo Hue to try something different and it was delicious! It came out with a nice plate of fresh bean sprouts, jalapeno slices, basil leaves, limes, and banana blossoms. The broth was so tasty and spicy. My hubby ordered some Pho and got a large and could not finish it because of the size--but he loved it. The atmosphere is really contemporary and clean--not what you usually see with Pho restaurants.
4	Great food and service. Very nice staff.
4	Stumbled upon this little gem a few weeks ago when I had friends in town looking for some vietnamese food. Clean and trendy atmosphere compared to other vietnamese dives I've been to. Food was excellent and priced fairly. I had the spring rolls as an appetizer, which was delicious. I followed this with a bowl of Pho, one of the best I've had in awhile. Staff was courteous and attentive. Will definitely come back!
5	Bah I arrive too early for the Happy Hour. The soup is so good. It melts away my cold. Yummy. Nothing best than a bowl of hot soup. Finally they have the coconut jelly available. The coconut milk top is a bit thick for me so my friend eat it all but he seems like it. I like the bottom. Cold, sweet, and soft. Never fail expectation in here.
3	Last night I tweeted asking for dinner recommendations in the Gilbert area.  I did get a few responses thanks to @ericeatsout and @lynnekingsmith, but we were actually pretty far out in the middle of nowhere, so we ended up finding our way to Pho Ao Sen on our way home instead.  The restaurant itself is clean and has an upscale feel to it compared to most of the other Vietnamese restaurants in town.  Service was friendly, but we found the menu a bit limited and the quality of the meat not amazing.  We started with the (#2)Goi Cuon- Spring Roll appetizer (minus the pork).  They came out quickly and were really good.  For our entrees, I had the (#7) Korean style beef short ribs and Jared went for the (#21) Pho Ga (aka Chicken Noodle Soup).  We both agreed entrees were just alright.  I also had a coconut juice beverage which I later learned came from a can.  Bottom line: Is this place "simply PHO'nomenal" as their tagline says?  Not so much... and we probably won't be rushing back anytime soon, but it was A-OK.
5	Living in central Mesa there seems to be hundreds of Vietnamese restaurants around...and I have tried a good amount of them. This place is definately the best I have tried. The food is always consistent and fresh. Highly recommended :)
4	Stopped in quickly to pick up lunch to go. The restaurant is small but beautiful. I ordered Pho Ga (#17) and had it within a few minutes. The prices are reasonable and the veggie ingredients (bean sprouts, spring onions, Thai basil) were fresh and plentiful. My next step will be to bring some friends for a dine-in visit.
3	Pros:Great Atmosphere/DecorFlavorful FoodCons: Rude StaffSmall PortionsA little overpricedThank god I had a Groupon for this place.  I would not return there.  There are a lot better places in the area.
5	1) Spring rolls are AWESOME!2) I love the their House Pho, it is super good (its the first pho listed on the menu)3) If you're not into pho the bun dishes are equally as good.The stuff here tastes fresh and is one of my favorite Vietnamese places ever. Definitely recommend checking it out.Oh and also this place is pretty cheap, its like $8 for a huge bowl of pho.
4	so the first step is admitting you have a problem right? I admit I drive by places that are right by my house and then I try them eventually and find out i have been missing out on spectacular food all along. (shaking finger at self)PHO HOW I LOVE THEE !!!!go here.get pho.love it.go backand repeatseveral timesa week.I do.
5	Wow. I don't eat a lot of Vietnamese food and haven't had pho for the better part of a year, but this place is fantastic. I had the #4 Bo Bia appetizer, the #22 Bun Bo Hue (w/o the pork blood this time), and a Vietnamese coffee. The appetizer was two rolls, each cut in half, and stuffed mostly with jicama.  While not overpowering, there was enough egg, basil, and sausage to provide a nice flavor. The entree came with a plate of fresh veggies to add to the soup, and I pretty much dumped the whole plate into my bowl. I was impressed that everything was so fresh, but there was no way I could eat all of that food alone, so I took about half the soup home and ate it the next day for dinner. It was still tasty.  Prices were very reasonable for the quality and quantity of food.I will definitely be back, but I'll wear a darker shirt to hide the little pho droplets that I know I'll get on it while slurping noodles from the bowl. The group behind me was drinking milk tea and I'm going to have to try that next time.
5	Love this place so much as they have the best Pho Bo Kho (beef stew)! Always comes for more! I always like to see their small water fountain that they had in the middle of the restaurant. Their service is very fast and the food taste great! I'm pretty sure I'll be back for more Pho Bo Kho!
4	My husband and I used to frequent this place before we discovered Noodles Ranch.  Although the pho is not as flavorful, it is still very good.  A good amount of meats (if that's what you ordered) and fresh vegetables as accompaniments. And for $6.75, a pretty good deal!  The atmosphere and service puts it above Khai Hoan and Pho Nhat (on University), and the price is comparable.  Only misses for us were that our spring roll wrapping was a bit over-cooked, but still yummy and generously stuffed, and the location.
4	Great  vietnamese atmosphere.  Excellent service.  Reasonable prices for good quality food. Can't wait to eat here again.
5	The food was great with friendly service. The spring rolls and pho were excellent with generous portions. Highly recommended to friends and family!
3	Came here on a Groupon whim.  I've been around the Pho block a few times, so I was a little surprised with how quickly the bowl was brought out after ordering.  Maybe all the other places I've frequented were really busy, but Pho Ao Sen served me in record time.  It was ok.  Not my favorite, not my least favorite.However, the thai iced tea boba was a completely different story.  Down in the depths of Davy Jones' Locker, lurked bits of fruit and liquid filled balls that popped when bit... not the traditional spheres of tapioca I've grown accustomed to.  If I were the captain, it'd be walkin the plank... or swabbin the poop deck.Argh.  Had to make a Boba Tea House run to get the taste out of me mouth
4	First off, I am not a Pho expert, so am reluctant to go higher than a 4.  With that in mind, we really liked the dishes we had at Pho Ao Sen.  My wife and I share #15 (a combination pho, listed as the house favorite, with thin rice noodles) and #22 ((Bun Bo Hue - the spicy dish with pork blood pieces and egg noodles).  I liked them both a lot, though I tended to favor the spicy dish.  My wife preferred the thinner rice noodles.  We both had medium sizes (as priced on the menu) and it was plenty to fill us for dinner.  We also had a dish of the chicken wings appetizer, which had chilies on it, but were far more sweet than spicy.  My son had the Hai Nan Chicken Rice, because the Singapore dish of this same name is his all time favorite.  The dish was on the small side, compared to the pho; the chicken was nothing special (though many in Singapore rate this dish based on how juicy the chicken is); but he really liked the spices in the rice, which was quite different from Singapore/Malaysia.The place has a pleasant, modern, sit down restaurant atmosphere. Employees were all Vietnamese the night we were there, and they were all very attentive.  I had a restaurant.com coupon, but I would probably come back here again even without one.
5	I live in Tucson and stumbled upon this going home to the river. My boyfriend looked up good places to eat around where we were on yelp and this lovely gem came up.THE SPRING ROLLS are the best spring rolls I have ever, EVER had. they aren just filled with ice berg lettuce and flavorless, The ones we get (i think its the 2nd spring roll choice) have shrimp, mint, sprouts, noodles, and romaine. They are beautifully displayed and have a great peanut sauce (according to my BF because Im allergic) for those who dont want/cant have peanuts ask for FISH SAUCE, they are very accommodating.I recommend number 21, Its a chicken based Pho and its absolutely scrumptious. I love the fresh fixings that it comes with yummy!I'm a HUGE fan of the THAI TEA (highly recommend it!) very replenishing after a long hot day out in the river and super cold and refreshing!THE BATHROOM:very clean and spacious. The decor is lovely and they even have hand lotion :)
4	The spring rolls are cool and fresh.  The pork chops are dripping with just the right amount of grease.  The pho is excellent.  Black licorice broth, mmmmm.
4	I hesitate to review this place because I've only eaten one dish here: #31, the vegetarian lemongrass beef vermicelli (bun). It's damn good and does a great job satisfying my Vietnamese cravings. Bun is one of my most favorite dishes, but since becoming a vegetarian, my choices were severely limited. I simply can't bring myself to try any other dishes because this one with fake beef is so good.I'm bummed there are no vegetarian appetizers, however. Most other places offer a tofu spring roll along with the pork ones.All my omnivores like or love the meat offerings. In fact, my friend that introduced me to Pho Ao Sen drives 25+ miles from Desert Ridge and eats here more often that I do.
5	Good Food, Great presentation.  the atmosphere is nice enought to take a date.  The hostess Teresa is really friendly.  I suggest the pho of course, and the chicken wings and if you still have room the che thai dessert #19 I think ......sooo good.
4	Was quite good xDThough the prices were a little bit higher then the other pho shops in the area this place more then made up for it with its cleaner look and higher quality
4	Good service, very clean, and one of the best tasting bowls of Pho in the East Valley.
4	Quite good, but the food doesn't stand out too much from other pho places. Admittedly I haven't been to many in the valley, but I have been to half a dozen in Tucson.Went here with the family after I bought a restaurant.com gift card. The decor was really cute and fit well with the theme of the restaurant; there were a lot of Asian people too, always a good thing. It is a tad on the expensive side from what I remember. I got the small size Chicken soup-based pho, tasty and filling, with a side of egg rolls. Perhaps I will have to visit again when I buy another giftcard.
4	What a gem in Mesa! I was referred to this place via Groupon, but I will be back real soon. I had the egg rolls and Pho - FANTASTIC flavor. My friend ordered the spring rolls and vegetarian dish (#31), which was equally wonderful! The restaurant is very clean, contemporary music playing, and staff welcomes you with a smile. If you like Vietnamese food this is definitely worth a try OR if you never have this would be a great 1st try!!!
4	The  location itself was very clean and the decore was very attractive and tastefully done. Now to the good stuff! The  pho was very flavor and the all the usual suspects of bean sprouts  lime basil etc were very fresh and the ingredients were fresh and of good quality.  however I wish there was a little more anise in the dish and the  broth was a little more oily than i like.  Although they did not have the meatballs added in one of the all meat combo's  which I  found strange, byou could add for an additional charge and was brought as a side instead of in the dish itself. :(  I did like  how they had an option to build your own pho. For the life of me I am having issues finding Vietnamese restaurants serving  fresh coconut milk  instead of canned. Sorry for the sidetrack add kicking in. Again I did enjoy my dish but am  a picky pho eater. The service was prompt and food came in record time! Nice as that is it  made me wonder how much was pre made and for how long? As the table next to me ordered the Vietnamese spring rolls and literally within seconds they were already eating them!! But I had to inquire and they both said they were delicious.   The waiter was very  attentive but not so friendly,but ill chalk that up to language barrier. The lady manager however was very sweet.  Overall very good experience ill be back.
4	I have visited this restaurant a couple of times. One thing that I had remembered upon my recent visit, was that the setup of the restaurant was nice. The price is reasonable; not too expensive, and the taste is good too. The servers were also friendly, and the food was ready fairly quickly. If you are in the Mesa area, or not too far from their restaurant, I recommend checking it out.
3	decent pho and Bun.the grill meat was terrible though. too much fat mixed in when they are cooking it in the skewer.need more spices to marinate the meat (skimming on the lemon grass)still can't beat best vietnamese food in san jose, ca.hands down. even the food is better than in vietnam it self.
4	Great Bun Bo Hue! Tasted wonderful--good mix of spices, a multidimensional heat. Nice peanut sauce for the spring rolls.
3	The broth is the most essential part of the pho and their broth compared to other pho restaurants I have been to is nothing special, if anything the broth is a little on the sweeter side.My primary place of choice for pho in Phoneix is KHAI HOAN in Tempe, due to its proximity to where I live (I go to ASU) and the quality of their broth (yummm). But Khai Hoan is closed on Mondays, and unfortunately I suffering from the flu and was absolutely in need of pho. Doing a quick yelp search led me to this high rated restaurant. The ambiance inside the restaurant and the plating of the food is amazing, which gave me high expectations of what was to come. The spring rolls are mediocre and the peanut sauce was not to my preference, it was too thick and did not melt around the spring rolls when dipped. The tendons in the pho was undercooked and had a rubbery, chewy consistency as opposed to that "melt in your mouth" consistency at khai hoan and other pho places. Their broth is not as rich as others, you can definitely taste the difference. The spring rolls albeit look amazing unfortunately do not taste that way. The cuts of meet were also too thick and not thinly sliced.
4	I've been to Pho ao sen twice now, the first time with a Groupon. The spring rolls are light and flavorful, and the Pho was delicious. My only very mild complaint it's there wasn't enough cilantro for my taste. Otherwise, lovely atmosphere and good service.
4	Pretty darn good!I usually eat at Unphogettable because that is my fiance's favorite place, but Pho Ao Sen makes my favorite spring rolls!  The presentation is fun!  I love the extra lettuce bursting out of the spring roll.  I also personally like the peanut sauce at Pho Ao Sen over Unphogettable.  The decor is nice.  The place is clean.  The service is good.  It's the most expensive Vietnamese restaurant I go to in Arizona, but not by much.
5	I wanted to review this place the first time I came, but I slacked.  In the two visits (yes two visits/ three dishes) I had the following:#14-Hai Nam style chicken rice.  Never had this before, well now I have and I want more!  A very fresh tasting dish with an explosion of ginger, yet not too overpowering.  The accompanying sauce is ok, but the dish does fine without it.#26-(charbroiled pork with vermicelli and egg roll).  Can't top this dish.  perfectly charred and sweet pork loin topped with cucumber, peanuts, cilantro, et al.  This dish comes in a big ass bowl, and I can tell you this dish is so good I could eat two bowls o' this junk. smack yo' momma good!#15-House PHOnomenal- decent broth, not too fragrant, a little stingy on the meat portions, but overall a good bowl of phoIf you like lechee, they have a drink pronounced hot-ee and it has little pearls of lechee juice and tons pf basil seeds!  Really refreshing! give it a whirl.good service, nice atmosphere, dope ass grub.
4	Was hard to decide if i wanted the soup or the bun. But the bun looked yummy and i had pho tai for lunch, so here i am.First off this guy is a bit hard to find. Cant see him from the road but it is around the corner from the grocery store.The ice coffee, for here, came in a sippy cup. Nah. A takeout cup, was premade before coming to the table. Omg tastes weird! Too much condensed milk and made with...real coffee perhaps? Very odd tasting. Not a fan.All asian clientel, save the dodo bird in the corner Playing "stump the owner." Hot tea is 2.50 here. Dont know if its loose leaf or bagged, but either way thats a bit excessive for hot tea.Both lacquered and takeout chopsticks at table, so thats a hit :)The broth here is especially good! Thick, juicy, good amount of veggieness and beeftastictitudeThe cha gio...suck. Sorry, but they are really bad. The filling reminds me of te pork pate in the fancy pork viet sammich. No mushrooms, noodles or anything tasty could be found in that roll.The bun...and its pork....was flipping great! I was very impressed with the bun. Te lettuce looked amazing, they had the pickled carrot and white stuff from your standard sammie, the noodles were great, the peanuts, etc. The grilled pork was good. At first i was afraid, almost petrified. The pork was all stuck together. It looked overly grissly. Good char marks but i thought, cant they chop this stuff better. I then realized the reason was that it had come off a pork kabob. Te flavors were great, all wonderful.The fish sauce was really a step down from what it should have been to complement the bun but the rest was so good that ill ignore it.Because this looks like an americanized place, and im an american boy, i asked for something special and got mint and peppers to add to my bun, i dont normally do that, but need to start doing so because bun is like 23% better with them!So...rolls get a 1 star, maybe 1.5 if u want to be generous. Coffee gets a 2. The bun and broth get 4.3s and since they are the main attraction i say that evens out to a 4. Just dont get those rolls...ull be sorry....
4	Yummy. This is my favorite place to go for Viet in Phoenix. I would go more often if it was closer to where I live. Service is sometimes lacking, but it's not fancy food, and the prices are great, so that makes up for it. Good thai iced tea!
3	Hubby and I got a restaurant.com certificate for this place, because I was craving pho. The last time I had any, was in San Diego in '08. We needed to spend a minimum of $35 per the certificate, so we ordered 3 appetizers to start: #3 - Grilled Pork Spring Rolls, #4 - Vietnamese Spring Rolls, and #5 - Marinated Fried Chicken Wings. Neither of us cared much for the spring rolls, but the wings were to die for. Soooo good. We were a bit disappointed that the appetizers came out at the same time as our pho, but oh well. We moved the empty plates aside and started in on the pho. Hubby got the #15 - House PHO'nomenal and I got the #17 - Pho Tai Chin, and we both upgraded to large bowls for $1 more. The bowls are huge and there is quite a bit of meat, which is nice. Our only complaint was that it wasn't spicy enough for us. Hubby kept having to add the hot chili paste in his, and I had to douse mine with Sriracha. I ended up having to get a to-go cup for my pho, and we had to order something else because all of that food didn't add up to $35. More chicken wings please!! So anyway, our entire total was $47 and some change, which included the 18% gratuity they add per the certificate, and after the discount we only ended up paying 22 bucks! Not too shabby. I would definitely return for the wings, and maybe to try some of the Bun, but I don't think I'd get pho again.
4	This was my first time for pho.  In fact, my friends don't even know about it because I texted someone who wanted to know where I was "eating pho" and they thought I meant to say "eating ho".  That's a term of endearment between me and a few of my friends.  This place is no more than 2 miles from my house, and I had never been there.  Wow, what I was missing.We got the pho with beef in it.  We had them leave out the tripe and the tendons.  Gross.  They brought us some herbs, lime wedges and bean sprouts.  This certainly wasn't the ramen my daughter, Princess Megan, has on a regular basis.  The meat was nice and tender and flavorful, the noodels were tasy and plentiful, and the broth, oh the broth.  Best soup broth I've ever had.  I had put some of the hoisin (sp?) sauce in my soup, which gave it a nice little kick.  Service brought this from a 5 star review to a 4 star review.  Really left something to be desired, but that in itself wouldn't stop me from coming back to this lovely place.
4	Good option for omnivores and vegetarians who want a tasty meal made fairly quickly.  I've had the chicken rice, and the vegetarian lemongrass beef with vermicelli.  The chicken rice was OK, but I've had better chicken rice elsewhere.  The lemongrass "beef" was excellent.  The faux meat was very tender and went well with the vermicelli, vegetables, and sauce.  The milk tea is pretty good, and comes with popping boba and coconut jelly.  Minus some points for putting bean sprouts in my meal when I specifically asked for no sprouts.
3	Decent pho place, non-threatening and great for first timers. It is clean, sleek, and lacks some of the charming grunge that my favorite pho places have. I had the pho ga (chicken) and I thought the broth was really rich in flavor.  I'd say the food is 4 star but the service is only ok. Every time I wanted something I had to flag down my waiter and ask. he wasn't around often enough to notice things like water refills, boxes, condiments. Great springs roll too--their peanut sauce is great!
4	This is the second time I've been here already this year. The first time was to redeem a Groupon on the day it expired and then again because it is close enough to walk to with Hubby and his two brothers visiting. The interior is very modern and clean. Each time Hubby had the #15 House PHOnomenal. Brother-in-law #1 had the #7 Korean beef short rib rice plate. He ate it very quickly and enjoyed the ribs immensely, but there were no veggies other than the pickled cucumbers and carrots in the fish sauce that was brought with the entree. I thought it the portion was a bit skimpy for the price. Brother-in-law #2 also had the #15 Pho to which he added the entire plate of bean sprouts, basil and lemon slices, and a dollop of hoisin sauce - no jalapenos though since he doesn't like spicy. Hubby declined the hoisin sauce and the jalapenos, but added everything else. He also gave me the tendons from the soup since he doesn't like the chewy, yummy delicacy.On the first visit, I had the #25 Bun with charbroiled pork (very tender), shredded pork skin and julienne pork. This rice vermicelli dish was delish, but the shredded pork skin and julienne pork didn't really enhance it. So, on the second visit I ordered the #27 Bun with charbroiled pork (again, very tender) and seasoned tiger shrimp. This was a much better combination. The Pho and Bun were very large portions. Neither Hubby or BIL#2 could finish the broth, altho that was the best part, I think. I on the other hand had no problems leaving my Bun bowl clean! Adding the fish sauce and pickled condiments to the Bun was essential and enhanced the noodles. I also added the chili paste condiment that was provided at the table. It's nice having the option of using regular size chopsticks or disposable ones and having the soup spoons and napkins, hoisin sauce and chili paste available at the tables without waiting for the servers. I do get a bit uncomfortable and try not to think if maybe a previous patron has touched or sneezed on them. All that aside, we enjoyed our meals. Yikes...what a way to end my review.  Oh, one more thing, service here is slow after your food is delivered. You may not get to see the waiter again without getting their attention. The server we had on the second visit was a gal who was very nice. The server during the first visit was a guy who was not very friendly.
5	First off this is probably the best decor I've ever seen in a pho restaurant....the inside is just nice. Service is very friendly n the waitress is not bad to look at either.This is what I expect when I order a large meat combo.....decent amount of noodles with ALOT of meat, this place did it right.
3	Not bad at all.  We've been on a bit of a pho-kick recently, so we've been trying a few new places.  Pho Ao Sen is right down the road from our house, so it's the closest one we've tried.  We had dinner there once, and we've done take-out Pho a handful of other times.When we dined it, they were a bit busy, and appeared understaffed.  They were pleasant enough, and certainly worked hard and fast to get everyone taken care of quickly.The pho was pretty good.  It's on par with most other places in the valley.  Good broth, I like that they use cilantro and green onion (which some places seem to skimp on -- just my preference to have more in there).  The spring rolls were mediocre.  They fell apart pretty easily and the quality was just OK.  Not bad, but I've definitely had better.The Vietnamese iced coffee was fantastic.  It's so simple, strong as hell and sweet.  It was great to end dinner on.  (For the record, my wife didn't care for it - it was a bit strong for her tastes).  The few times we've done takeout, the pho has held very well - they give you the broth separate from the ingredients and you assemble when you get home.  I was skeptical of how good take-out pho would be, but it worked quite well.  The broth was still hot when we got home and it had a very similar quality whether I ate it at the restaurant or at home on the couch.  We'll definitely return, but it's not my favorite pho in Phoenix.  It's just SO close to home.
5	Great pho and an amazing atmosphere.
5	Since I moved to AZ from CA I have tried several Vietnamese places, and until now was eating only at Pho Dalat.  I recently relocated near MCC so I decided to try Pho Ao Sen, and boy am I glad I did!Their food is fantastic; the meats being much higher quality than most local competitors.  I've tried three of the rolls from the appetizer menu, the pho ga, and two different bun dishes.  All were excellent.The atmosphere is very nice.  The service can be a bit slow like most asian restaurants.  The only thing lacking IMHO is a liquor license; I likey my beer with my pho!
4	One of the best Pho places in the East Valley.  They are generous with the portions, and the proteins are excellent quality.  I almost always get vermicilli noodles with grilled beef or pork and if I've been a good girl i'll top it off with some fried egg rolls.  The spring rolls come with a little too much bean sprout, but minor quibble.  Now if only they'd move a little closer....
2	I've been here twice. The first time, my husband and I were using a restaurant.com gift so we splurged. Their spring rolls are awesome and fresh. The dishes were full of flavor and you could really taste the herbs which were great. We enjoyed the thai tea and desserts. It was a first for both of us to try the bean desserts, super yummy.The second time I went with my friends. We had an order of spring rolls and soup. Two of us got pho and the other friend had the spicy noodle soup. When my friend ordered the house special pho, the male server said "that's that combo, you don't want that, this one is better for you." My friend asked what was the combo, and he didn't respond, just insisted she should change her order. Being confused she agreed with him. Regardless of the change, our food was delicious.So why do I give it only 2 stars?Their male server sucks. He never explains what he is doing, leaves you wondering what he went off to do when he leaves the table. The whole experience turns into a guessing game.On the second visit with my friends, I had ordered two desserts, but had asked him to hold the order on one, until we were ready to leave, as I was going to take it to home, to my husband, as a treat. He brought both of them at the same time. Usually this isn't a huge deal, but it's a frozen drink, and when it melts, it loses it's taste and quality. I felt rushed to finish my drink and finish the outing with the girls, as I wanted to get the drink to my husband in decent condition.Next, I tried to use the yelp check-in discount, showed it to him prior to ordering, he said, ok, but when it came to paying, he wouldn't give me the discount. He kept on asking me to show him the discount, so I showed him that I checked in, he grabbed my phone, pushed some buttons, couldn't figure it out and walked away. My friends and I were just looking at each other, wondering if he was going to get a manager to help, he came back a few minutes later and asked if I had figured it out. To which I responded, I thought that's what you were doing. I was so frustrated by this point that I said forget it, just give us our check please. He rolled his eyes and came back with the checks.My husband and I had the similar unpleasant experience with him the first visit. The ladies that work there are really nice, and honestly, they were the only reason I came back with my friends. I figured the male server was having an off day. I'm not sure that they have other servers, I wish they did. This would be one of my favorite places to go if they had better service.Pho Ao Sen, please, please, train your male server with some customer service.
4	Pho was ok... Could use more flavor...
2	If you live close by & money is not the issue, The place is quiet; simple decoration, good for lunch meet with friends. I ordered Shrimp noodle soup. Only two things in clear soup. shrimp & noodle, that's it. Bean Sprout & Basil was on the side, it was for you to put in boiling hot soup right before you eat, but the soup came out luke warm.This $9 Shrimp noodle soup dish is too bland to serve in restaurant.I can think of many other restaurant to spend this amount & get very tasty dish.
3	I went with my wife and her friend to spend a restaurant.com coupon.  I'm going to only comment on my food because I really didn't try theirs, although they seemed to enjoy it so they may rate it higher.Why 3 stars? 3 reasons: the service and my pho.I ordered pho tai (rare beef) and was pretty disappointed with the results.  Between having a Vietnamese wife and eating at so many pho restaurants I've probably tried more than 30-40 different variations of pho, so I at least have a reasonable idea of the quality.  There were certain herbs that did not come out with the pho that bothered me.  Also, it was by far the oiliest broth I have ever eaten.  To be fair the flavor of the broth was above average.In reference to the service, I'm used to Little Saigon where the service is very rushed and short with the customers, but this isn't Little Saigon.  This is one of very few Vietnamese restaurants in Arizona let alone Mesa.  The servers disappeared for much of the meal and the method of payment wasn't clear in the slightest.  Once again to be fair the server was very polite when he did come up to us.  I don't expect them to be hovering over us every second of the meal, but with only a couple of other people in the entire small restaurant they should be in reasonable earshot.Overall, I personally didn't enjoy it very much but my wife and her friend enjoyed their food, which is why it's not 2 stars.
4	The food is pretty consistent from visit to visit.  I love eating here because it is so close to my home.  I like to take my daughter here on walks for a late lunch.  The wait staff is usually pretty nice to us.  They don't even seem to mind cleaning up her baby mess when we leave.  I love their egg rolls, spring rolls and chicken wings.  I always have a hard time deciding between rice and noodles.  But I am always happily stuffed by the time I leave.This place has two personalities.  When the owner is there, she plays jazz and it's has a bit nicer atmosphere.  She is very professional, stylish and friendly. When she isn't there, a girl and a guy work there.  A little younger.  They play random loud music (top 40, rap....).  The guy wears tee-shirts and jeans.  He is a little unpolished (doesn't repeat orders, mumbles....).  So the experience isn't quite so nice.  But the food is always yummy.  And he is nice.  So we will continue to eat here.  So glad it is so near by.
5	We recently moved nearby Pho Ao Sen and dine there often. I love their food, the service, and also the atmosphere. My favorite's are the bun dishes, I always order the no. 26 with chicken instead of pork and they have a delicious vegetarian lemongrass beef vermicelli that I would highly recommend. Pho Ao Sen is a great place to dine with friends, mine have always enjoyed the experience.
4	I had a great experience here. Still not my favorite, but close. Service, and setting here trump my top spot. The Pho is delicious, but just half a notch below the best I have had- I will most definitely be back here-
5	Will definitely be back!
5	this pho place is probably the prettiest I've seen and super clean =] and the food is great! i love the bun bo hue and vietnamese coffee!
5	This place is amazing and my friends and I have been coming here for years! I have two favorites... The first is just regular pho with well done brisket. Simple but super tasty. My other fave is their #22... Bun Bo Hue. It's like pho broth but spicy and it comes with the thicker noodles. I also like their Thai Iced Tea.Their service is great... All the people that work there are really friendly. One of the guys there even remembers my order down to a T... Not just which pho I want but also that I don't like white onions(I prefer cilantro instead), and that I use a fork and not the chopsticks that are already provided on the table. I'm a little picky so I think it's really nice that he remembers.Try this place, you'll love it!
4	First time eating here.  I've always heard good things.  Had the bun with egg rolls and charbroiled pork (i think #26).  I was very pleased, although i was a bit bummed they don't serve beer. oh well. Next time, gonna try the pho.
4	Great place. hidden on side of a strip mall. I had Vietnamese Spring Rolls and Beef Curry. Atmosphere is great. Definitely worth a try.
5	Excellent!  It is not easy to be a foodie and vegetarian, but that is what I am.  So when I heard this place had vegetarian Bun (my favorite Vietnamese dish ever), I was very skeptical.  The Bun was excellent, one of the best I have had, and I have had it in several different cities and states.  The service was great, I wish they had vegetarian Pho, but no chance on that one.  The waiter was very honest about what they could make vegetarian and what they could not.  We will be back for more dishes for sure!
4	Phoenix/Mesa has some great Pho spots. Pho Ao Sen fits the mold.Pros: Well crafted egg rolls and dipping sauce. The large Pho (#15) is delicious and colossal. You get some good size chunks of tender meat and lots of noodles (important).Great ambiance and cool looking restaurant. Our waitress played a funky remix of "Putting on the Ritz" and when we inquired about it, happily wrote down the info.Cons:The flavor of the broth was great, but not stellar. I felt like it needed a pinch more seasoning (which I added - see tips below).I burned my mouth because I ate too fast.The parking was tricky. We got trapped in the adjacent bank parking lot trying to get there. Keep an eye out for that.Tips:Don't forget to wrap the egg rolls in lettuce and veggies.Add Sriracha and Hoisin sauce to the Pho for max flavor.Overall, wonderful Pho experience. If you live nearby, definitely check it out. It's just a tad far from me to break loyalty to my local place.
3	I saw many 4&5 star reviews so I was anxious to try this place. I found the service here good and the place clean, but the food was just ok. It wasn't of the quality where I would have to have it again. The pork in my lunch was tasty but very dry. The spring rolls were nothing special. My vermicelli and veggies were once again, average. I really expected something better based on other people's reviews.
4	The girly co-workers and myself decided to meet up here for dinner, I'm picky with pho. I love it hot and spicy! Not too much veggies..since it was all our first time, I didn't know what to expect. Cute decor and well spaced between tables, but it is pretty small, music is soft played, not too loud. Perfect enough to hear you and your party talk. We shared laughs and giggles till the moment we were waiting for came! I ordered the meatball Pho, love it! I think it was #20? However if you're not a fan of Pho they do have other items on the menu, don't let the restaurant name fool ya! :)
5	My FAVORITE Pho restaurant! Rare beef Pho is amazing and their broth has just a little something different from most of the Pho places I have tried. Way to go Pho Ao Sen! This place is a no brainer and a great place to take a date. Prices are reasonable, staff is friendly and the ambience is way better than your average strip mall Pho joint.
3	My wife and I were in the area and stopped by here for lunch last Saturday, after running a yelp search for something with veg options. Staff was nice and good atmosphere (some decent music), but food was just moderate.  I got the Com Tam Suon Bo (Korean shortribs and rice) and my wife got the Bun Bo Xoa Xa Chay(Vegetarian Lemongrass "Beef" Vermicelli).  I knew I was taking a risk with shortribs on the grizzle, and they did have some.  However, the marinade and glaze were pretty tasty.  My wife said the vermicelli and veggies were good, but was not fan of the fake beef.  The fresh made lemonade was excellent! All in all, I would say it is a decent place if you're in the area and craving Vietnamese food.
5	Best vietnamese restaurant in town. Good looking place, great food, great presentation.
4	Pros:-pretty decor-very clean -best sized portions for spring rolls that I've tried in the Phoenix area-Che Thai (dessert drink) is really tasty-Cafe Sua Da (Vietnamese coffee) is really strong and sweet, even a non-coffee-drinker like me liked itCons:-broth for pho was good, not SUPER flavorful but still a good meal-price is a bit higher than I would like, but not unreasonableI will definitely be back here and hope to try dishes other than the pho!
3	Prepare yourself for an authentic experience. Depending on your comfort level authentic may not always be a great thing. Staff very friendly and decor is pretty cool.
4	Oh finally a really good vietnamese place with the ambiance to go with. Service was excellent as well.I got the #13 combo plate and it was good! Comes with rice ( the more smaller seed rice) with a thin pork steak, pork kebob, sunny side up egg, some egg sponge (almost a quiche?), tiger shrimp, and cabbage. They got sone hot chilI paste to spice up your life. Also the vermicelli bowl was fabulous.....big bowl with tiger shrimp and pork....mmm so good. Oh and the spring rolls are your typical rolls....Definitly coming back.
5	I call this place "Pho Awesome" because it is simply that good. The service is great and the ambiance is nice too. Usually the Pho places that actually taste good are a hole in the wall. This place not only pays attention to the taste of the food, but also to the atmosphere. It's a dream come true.  I've gone there over 10 times. They have been consistent with flavor and portions since day one.
3	three and a half stars to Pho Ao Sen. It is a great restaurant. The decor is modern and has somewhat of a Vietnamese flare, and the restaruant is never too loud or crowded, which is good when you want to actually enjoy a meal. The pho is really good. So far, I've had their chicken pho and their spicy beef pho (which is the best out of them all). Usually, I order the spicy beef pho without the congealed pork blood... but who knows, it could be good. Their spring and egg rolls are pretty good as well, and come on a plate in a very aesthetically pleasing manner. The only couple of things that are keeping me from giving Pho Ao Sen a full four stars is that 1. Every time I go there, I see the owners/family that works there sitting on a computer in the corner and eating. I mean, eating and keeping busy while at work is alright, just not infront of customers. 2. The same owners/ family tends to watch over you while you eat, which is sometimes uncomfortable. 3. A lot of things on the menu are overpriced. Compared to Da Vang, another Vietnamese eatery in the area, Pho Ao Sen does not compare with the quality to price ratio. I do frequently go to Pho Ao Sen, however, it is not my number one choice when it comes to Vietnamese places. Not the best, not the worst, but still pretty good.
5	I absolutely love the food here.   I had the Bun Bo Hue- the Spicy Beef Noodle Soup and it was amazing.  Spicy but not too spicy.    The staff was nice and it is best to go before the dinner rush.I never tried Vietnamese food before and this place made me glad I did  give it a try.
2	The food at Pho Ao Sen was awesome five stars! But sadly it is no more. Pho Number 1 has replaced Pho Ao Sen at this location. The food wasn't nearly as good and many of our favorite items aren't on the new menu, Many of the items seem to have been replaced by Thai items. On this visit I was actually looking forward to some Bo Kho with a nice side of french bread. I am not sure about you, but I am the type that when I have my mind set on something it's set. In frustration I moved on to Pho,  I then found did not have any options for tripe or tendon. Maybe I was just ticked off that I wasn't getting Bo Kho, but unfortunately my first impression is set. Pho Ao Sen will be missed...
4	Great food, spotty service... You have to take charge of your check, ask for the check and then bring your payment to the register. If you just sit there thinking they'll come eventually your wrong! I've tried the Bun, pho, all the spring rolls, curry.. Delish :) Worth it!Update: I think this place changed owners :/ not sure if food will be the same
4	Good Pho, I would recommends it your looking for a nice Restaurant to sit down and have some Pho. The spring rolls are good as well but I've had better... The drinks they have are also good with the fruit bubbles in them. EDIT: New Ownership I think the Pho is better!!!!
4	The food is delicious. I've tried dishes from the Thai and Vietnamese menus and have always been pleased with what I've ordered. I work nearby, so try to stop in several times each month. I wonder, however, if this is a family run business, as the wait staff don't seem particularly anxious to be there. They speak very quickly, and sometimes very softly. There is no real keeping the customer happy feel. It's not rude, per se, just not friendly. No matter, the food is good enough & I leave happily satisfied every time.
