3	Decent hotel - decent food/restaurants - decent casino - everything is slightly mediocre - not bad for your first trip to Vegas - but it is a bit further away from everything.  If you don't want to be too overwhelmed with Vegas, this might be a good place for you.
5	Everything about the Stratosphere is actually farther than it looks. The tower is so tall you can see it from just about anywhere, and the journey to the top works just about  all of your anticipation muscles.  Allow plenty of time for the whole excursion, especially if you are walking, because once you arrive at the tower, the entry is also long and involved. You have to decipher the directional graphics to find your way upstairs to pay, and then wind your way through the mall-like maze upwards to drop your possessions into a locker, and then finally get in line for the disclaimer part. Then you wait in a line to ride the elevator to the actual top, where you wait in a ride-specific line. This wait is relatively long, and you get to hear all the details of your fellow thrill seekers anxieties. People are trying to be cool and psyched and/or talk themselves into or out of actually going on the rides. It's all good, and sets the stage for experiencing this truly creative use of outdoor public space. You need to be wearing shoes, (no flip-flops or bare feet) and there are cages to leave the little stuff in your pockets that you forgot about when you got that locker to store all the geegaws you bought in the mall on your way up.I really enjoyed the thoroughness and imagination of the ride design details. They have all the blinking lights and comforting features of classic well-made carnival rides, yet the context is sooo strange and unique. A normal view out of a very tall building is at least panoramic and static, if not also breathtaking and dizzying ...add to that the dynamics of motion, and eXtreme changes in direction, and let's just say this one goes to 11. Or 12. Or 15.
3	The rooms and suites here are affordable and although the location is a little off the beaten path, sometimes thats a good thing.
4	The rides were pretty darn cool.  If you are afraid of heights you will seriously pee yourself.  Well, maybe not pee yourself but you will at least do some peeing.  Perhaps on someone else, I don't know.  I just know this building is tall.  When we went, they were pretty lax about not letting you take things on the rides, so I took my camera and got a couple of interesing photos.I can't comment on anything else about this place (food, accomodations, etc.).
4	After Peak Oil / The Chicken Flu / The Next Ice Age / The Flying Saucers wreck western-civ and you're huddling in the ruins, cooking scavenged canned beans and fresh roasted jackalope, you'll tell your grubby offspring about the riding a rollercoaster on top of a sky-scraper on your honeymoon.They won't know what you're talking about, but they'll still be impressed.
2	Since the only real attractions here are the thrill rides,they should callit the Stratos-FEAR. I've never ridden on any of these rides and never will. But I enjoy watching other people ride them,and laughingat their expressions of horror as they suddenly are face to face withdeath. The rooms here are nice and you can always get cheap rateseven on a holiday weekend. Why so cheap? Because you're living in one of the scummiest dirtiest sleaziest neighborhoods in any American city. My advice is come here,go on the rides,puke and gocheck in somewhere else.
1	This place is a huge lawsuit waiting to happen.  With all of the issues they've been having with the operations of the rides, to the stability of the structure (which will rock and sway when the winds are 15MPH, which is considered to be light wind to Las Vegans), I'm surprised no one's been killed in this deathtrap.
4	Definitely check out the rides atop Strastosphere, the Screamer ride and the roller coaster! Amazing view and check out the observation deck too for $8 and $4 for hotel guests.
1	The location of this hotel is further than I thought and it's close to the older casinos on the strip but it was okay because we had a car. When we got to the hotel we noticed there was not a trashcan in sight. So we asked for one by calling the front desk. Minutes later a guy shows up and rudely questions "What's the problem?" WTF? We told you the problem so bring us the freakin trash can!! (I HATE bad service!)Secondly, we notice there is no exhaust fan in the bathroom so after showers, the bathroom is incredibly humid and stuffy. The next night, we noticed it was a bit warm in the room and came to the realization that the AC wasn't working. We made about 5 separate calls to the front desk for someone to come up (we were told that someone should be up within minutes and it was 115 degrees outside so we were irritated) It was after our fifth call when they told us we were getting a new room. Why didn't they just do that in the first place?The last one was the one that took the cake. My sister saw yellow stains on the sheets so she peeled off the sheets and slept on top of the inside comforter but above the top cover. She and a friend got bug bites probably because of bed mites or other nasty critters. I slept on TOP of the covers so my bf and I were not parasited. Someone I know took hotel management and its a standard that the comforters don't get washed unless a VISIBLE stain was apparant. That is soooo nasty!!!!!! I'm just glad I didn't find a pubic hair in the sheets. All in all, I wouldn't recommend this hotel. I think it would have been better if I slept in the car..
3	I've never stayed here and hope that I never will have to. It seemed divey. We came here to go to the top. My mom and husband are both afraid of heights so it was a blast for me. It's really funny being with 2 fraidy cats who are scooting along the wall and having heart attacks because you are hanging over the railing. The views are awesome. I didn't get to ride the coaster :( :(Bad location.
5	Hiccup, hiccup..."So honey what do you want to do now?" I ask, LOADED from all the free booze in the casino."We should TOTALLY go on the rides at the Stratosphere!""YEAHHHH!!!!"So we make the drunken, 1am trek to the scary spire of a hotel and head up to the top to partake of some scary ass stuff!  We opted to ride the X-Scream and the thingy-ma-bobber (Big Shot) that shoots straight up in the sky and then freefalls back down...repeatedly.   The X-Scream is seriously, HANDS-DOWN THE SCARIEST ride I have EVER been on...Picture:A car with like four seats placed single file, no sides to the car so you are sitting alone AND can see to your left and right.  It's like a teeter-totter....alides back and the tilts forward and SLIDES RAPIDLY down and OVER the top of the building and then it just stays there!  SO you are white knuckling in and trying not to look down at the little ants below you!!  Our ride person only thrusted us forward twice and then the ride ended and we got off...shaking.  And then we found out it was supposed to go THREE times and they offered to let us go again...and in unison my honey and I both said, "OH HELL NO!!!! lolWay to ruin my buzz by scaring it out of me!  But you no...now we can say we did it.TIP: Go at night instead of day.  A) You won't be as freaked by seeing the ground as much AND it's not as hot.
3	Great place to gamble and eat/play at the top of the tower, but bad place to stay at a hotel.
4	place is about as exciting as your grandparent's florida vacation slideshow...and just about as ghoulish.   anyhow, soso place to stay when housekeeping isn't trying to rape you with their pillow and cleaning service every 10 minutes...and not to mention all the random noises u wish were moans, least then there'd be a right to be loud.  alas, only thing that saves this place is there cafe called lucky's or what not.  great specials and their cobb salad was great.  plus, 3$ bloody mary to either get drunk or sober up.   i heart blasphemy...especially @ 3am
2	We got married here about 3 years ago, and man what a difference 3 years makes!3 years ago this place was energized, exciting, it had a fresh faced staff that spoke english.  We hardly recognized the rooms, which had been re-done to make them SMALLER. Condos have gone up in front of the Stratosphere blocking the view, and making the neighborhood even more unsafe and removed from the newer strip which is moving farther south.  It saddens me to give a low rating, and one extra star because it WAS a great place...but stay away.
3	While this hotel is "nothing special"- not very good looking visually, and perhaps a bit run down, this hotel was a decent budget accommodation.Price was 'good': with advance reservation they charged us $ 168 per night for a non-smoking king during the CES, when prices in Vegas are usually extremely inflated. The room was clean, no smell, the shower worked, the bed was firm and also had no smell; the staff showed a kind helpful attitude.Beware, there is a hidden fee of $5 ("resort fee") in addition to prepaid room charge. Also, even if you are guest of the hotel, you still need to pay ($6) to get to the Stratosphere tower. Why isn't this included into the hotel accommodation?On a positive note, this hotel allows you to pay 20 bucks and check out at 6PM if you so prefer. Isn't this a great option, if you are hung over and wanna sleep the whole day after? :)No problems or issues- all in all, a 'solid' 3-stars for this budget hotel.
1	Watch out for the dirt in your bed!I went to Vegas with my sister back in September and we were excited to be back in Vegas. We got there really early before check-in which is noon. We had to eat at the McDonald's a block or two down the street. Good price I guess but they make you pay an extra $5 a day for their little wack package they give you. You can only visit the tower, pool, fitness, and laundry room during certain hours. We didn't get a good view of nothing, just the backside. The sheets on my bed were dirty and it took them nearly an hour to change them. After viewing my sheet my sister wanted here change. It's smell awful in the casino - we didn't even spend a lot of time at our hotel it was so bad. There are better deals at better hotels.
3	for my first time to las vegas with some friends we decided to stay at the sratosphere hotel and casino. out of all the places to stay i think we just picked the stratosphere because it was a pretty darn good deal for the 8 of us. you have to remember at the time it had just opened and so everything was really new. can't say anything really stood out about the place it was nice and new but nothing special.my highlight of the entire stay at the hotel was while gambling with my friends we were asked if we wanted to be in a commercial and of course we jumped at the idea. we were given about $20 in chips to pump away into slot machines as kari wuhrer walked by each of us and went on about everything the stratosphere has to offer. well i was totally excited about all of this because i actually knew kari from mtv as a vj, the co host on mtv's remote control and she was in anaconda just to name a few. well he hung out with her and i later was lucky enough to go out for drinks with her outside the stratosphere. i'll stop there!! lolwell turns out the commercial was gonna be ran in the rooms so it was for those damn things you can watch about the hotel your in from your room! woo hoo i'm a friggin star!!! i do wish i could find that somewhere. come on you tube, hook me up!http://images.yelp.com/photo?id=wLBceoTXLzxS020dnX_bnQ&s=l
5	5 stars for the "Hot Shot" ride, and the view of the strip and the valley. Everything else about this hotel I'll pass on. You must ride the "Hot Shot". Scary as anything, but is awesome! I love it when the ride starts to hum and you grow nervous in anticipation just before you are fired into the atmosphere while your legs dangle over the edge. After you land safely and if your legs aren't jelly, get ready to dance to "Viva Lost Wages" as it plays on the speakers.
3	Staying at the Stratosphere was a pleasant surprise.   After reading some of the other reviews here I was expecting a pretty yucky place.   I was pleasantly surprised to discover this hotel wasn't that bad.   Don't get me wrong, the MGM and Aladdin still kick butt over the Stratosphere, but it is better than Fitzgerald's.   If you are staying here, plan on renting a car or taking lots of taxis because it is away from most things.   Eventually, the strip might make it's way toward the Stratosphere, but it's not there yet.   They charge everyone a $5 per night per room "Resort Fee" for access to the pool and the tower.   I never made use of it, but I wish they just would have included that in their fee.  The rooms are decent.   Expect to pay extra for a view of the strip.   The showers all seem to have issues.  Ours made a horrible screeching noise unless you adjusted it just right.   That was just annoying.   Our friend's room had a major leak in their shower head, but they got it replaced within a couple of hours.   Housekeeping was fast and thorough.  Will I be back?   Yeah, maybe, if there is a major event in town and the other hotels jack up their prices.   In that case, the Stratosphere becomes a bargain.
2	Maybe my opinion is slightly skewed because I actually appreciated how empty this place was compared to the other hotels the weekend of the NBA Allstars. If not for the relief from the crowds, I probably would have given the Stratosphere 1 star. I didn't make our reservations, but if i had, i would have spent the extra bit on a nicer, more centrally located place.Las Vegas really is all about location, location, location. A outlying hotel on the strip might as well be in another part of town. The stratosphere is no exception.The casino area is actually really small in comparison to most places, but it's not the best place to gamble anyways. Granted if you are staying here, there are some low minimum Blackjack tables that can be fun. But I'm a craps girl at heart, and the tables here just didn't have the good luck. The rooms are okay. You can tell it's an older hotel, the rooms don't look like they've been updated in at least the last 10 years. I've stayed in worse places, but in comparison to all of the other Vegas hotel room's I've stayed in, this place is a dump. The restaurant at the top of the world (what they call the place at the top of the tower) has a horrible ridiculous policy where they charge your credit card $50/person to cancel a reservation.. and I don't mean for a no show, or without reasonable notice, but at all.. Needless to say we didn't bother to make a reservation, let alone eat there. The main lobby bar is hit or miss. Some of the bartenders were nice, friendly, and helpful, while others were just downright rude and impatient. To me, this is a major pet peeve. When someone makes the choice to work in a service industry they should be friendly and outgoing. All in all, I doubt I would ever come back here again. In all my trips to Vegas this was the first time I've even bothered to visit the hotel/casino, and now I know why.
1	The worst Vegas I experiece ever if you book with this hotel.  Upon arrivial, it took us over 1 hour just to check in.  I complain to the front desk manager, name DAN.  He upgraded our room to a "players room" also promising us a jacuzzi tub for our inconvience.  He did give us the players room which looks pretty stardard. The jacuzzi tub he promise was no[t there.  We transfer rooms 3 times due to their maintanence of the hotel.  Horrible experiece.  Room was very ugly, housekeeping was very rude, and front desk is just unfriendly, unorganize.  They lied about upgrading the rooms.  Can not trust this hotel.   HORRIBLE!!!
4	I give it 4 stars not because its a 4 star Hotel, but because its a nice hotel ON the strip that gives you excellent rates, I have stayed 3 times here when on a low-medium budget and loved it, rooms are basic and clean, staff is really nice, one time at check-in I told the lady that there wasn't only 2 of us but rather 3 (they charge you for the extra person) she was really nice about it and didnt charge us.(They avoid this by just not giving you the extra room key)The casino is kinda small but nice, didnt really gamble that much anyway.I do however recommend having a car for your trip if staying here because it is a good 3 miles to Mirage (example), if you wont have a car then change your hotel.
4	It may not be the best casino & hotel to stay in Vegas, but at $37 and some change per night, it's amazing. Considering I paid 59.99 for crappy Days inn... I am going here again, and again and again.... and may be one of these times, I'd hide from my wife and goto the Pool :-) or watch Bite with her or even go on the rides.And you also get unlimited free rides on the tower.
1	Want to stay in Vegas...but you aren't so poor to sleep in a run down motel...and you don't have enough money for a good casino...welcome to the Strat!  This place is disgusting.  It is dirty, smells bad, filled with real lowlifes, and every place to eat is horrible.  I am giving one star for the rides at the top...but when you go...stand at the front door...grab your nose...AND RUN!!  Run right for the elevator to the top.  Something about the higher elevation that makes the horrible smell not so bad.
3	Last year, my friend and I discovered that we both had long weekends at the exact same time.  Ergo: vacation!  Together!  Somewhere!  Where?  Ahh!  I know!  VEGAS!  With three days until our departure date, we searched for an affordable deal via vegas.com for a hotel.  Our only standards were for the hotel to be on the strip so that we could walk everywhere.  Ergo: Stratosphere!  So cheap!  Unbelievably cheap!  How can this be so cheap?  We don't care!  We then rocked out to our "Cheesy Road Trip" CD mixes all the way to Vegas and performed sock puppet theatrics out of my car's sun roof. Anyways - check-in went smoothly, although the clerk offered us "the best view of the strip" if we paid $50 more for the weekend.  Oooooh, the "best view," huh?  How could we resist?  Pretty lights!  Pretty lights!  Shiny!  We found, however, that this guy's idea of the "best view" constituted a somewhat obscured view of the strip and a not-at-all-obscured view of the hotel's giant power generators.  Uhh.  Ok.  Pretty!  We slept and then set out for our full Vegas day, and decided to start by eating our weight in buffet food at the Aladdin (best. buffet. ever.).  We arrived at the buffet . . . an hour and a half later.  Because we discovered that while the Stratosphere is TECHNICALLY on the strip, it's basically at the ass-end, in what one might call "the boonies" of the Las Vegas hotel and entertainment strip.  It took FOREVER to get anywhere the rest of the weekend, whether we walked and effectively killed the bottoms of our feet or took cabs and effectively killed our vacation budgets.  However, we still had a good time.  Next time, though, I think we'd be better off staying at Hooters.  Long live beautiful plastic ladies!
1	I will not post my opinion, only facts, you make the call:1.  1 Hour check in line on Saturday (not Friday).  Concierge response: "Thats how it always is, I suggest if you want your room, you stand in it."2.  $20 Resort Fee hidden upon booking and levied on Check-In.  Resort fee includes free valet.  (A feature offered by ALL hotels in Vegas.)3.  Room reservation stated a view of the strip.  Room had view of the parking lot.  Stratosphere refused to correct the error.4.  Room had no closet or room safe.5.  12 Seats in Race-Book.  9 Seats reserved for VIPs.6.  $20 Minimum sports bet to recieve 1 free well drink.7.  Cafe levied $1 surcharge per menu item ordered for take-out.  TAKE-OUT, not delivery, TAKE-OUT.8.  Timeshare salesmen swarm at all entrances/exits.9.  Requested 2 pillows from room service.  Informed that hotel has "...run out of pillows."
2	So far away from the main part of the strip....I was stuck bored at the hotel. The room was small and I had a viewof the fan or some sort of air chute (received no sunlight) two feet away from the window. The buffet is pitiful with old salad and mediocre selection. The shopping center upstairs is dead with a bunch of gift shops and sleezy jewlry shops and food court.The only thing I enjoyed was the pool.
3	I'm really going to be echoing a lot of the other reviews, since I logged on to review the Strat after staying there for 3 nights and see a lot of other people had the same experience.The room itself was no better than your typical Best Western, Super 8, Travelodge, etc.  Hell even the last Travelodge I stayed at had a refrigerator and coffee maker, which this room lacked.  The view from our room kinda sucked since we were not on the strip side, but hell not every room can have an exciting view.  I was also a bit miffed that the windows did not open, but since the room had decent climate control I didn't mind too much.The casino was a standard casino... no different, really, from the Indian casinos I've been to here in Northern California.  We went to a lot of the bigger hotels along the main part of the strip in our sightseeing and noticed that all their casinos were very themed and a bit more professional looking than back at the Strat.  Although, the Strat did have the cheapest minimum Blackjack tables we found ($5) other than TI.  So being Blackjack players, we did most our gambling back at our home base for the weekend.The layout was pretty confusing too.  I usually got pretty turned around, but by the 4th day of our trip we knew generally where things were.  I also appreciated that the shops were on the second floor and we weren't forced to go through them on our way to any attractions, unlike some of the larger hotels.A brief word on the pool... it's on the 8th floor, which to us was a bit deceiving.  We assumed that it had to be an indoor pool since the hotel has about 24 floors.  Not true... it's out on what I assume is the roof of the casino.  Generally nice, decent bar, lots of family activities.  There's a volleyball net set up with water polo type balls floating around and a few basketball hoops set up along the side.  There was plenty of chairs, but not enough shade.  Wasn't the best pool we saw in our sightseeing at the other hotels, but it was definitely a better pool than your average hotel.We did decide, however, that despite the price we would not stay there again.  As I mentioned, the room was nothing special and it was so far away from the main part of the strip (like Janelle H said, it was way farther away from everything than we thought it would be) that cab rides to any of the other hotels ranged from $10 to $15.  We didn't do any real calculations, but figured we'd probably spent enough to cab fees to cover the cost of staying at a nicer hotel closer to the heart of the strip.We walked into all the other hotels and casinos saying "wow look at that!  this is great" and I don't remember any "wows" or "look check that out" going on when we walked into the Strat.
3	I am doing three stars, as I found that there are real differences in the rooms here.  If you do the "cheapest" rooms, you get a bare minimum room (like Motel 6).  On another trip, I had to upgrade to get in and it was a nice suite like room (kept thinking I was in the wrong place).  This is off the end of the strip, and the low price brings in a different level of customer.  When in Vegas on business, and going to be more in downtown this location is for me.
3	After reading other reviews on here prior to my trip, I was a little apprehensive. But since my expectations were so low, I was not too disappointed with the room. I was just thankful the sheets weren't dirty, which seemed to be the case with many people. Our toilet, however, was not working. Despite knowing this, I *had* to go, so I left two little pebbles in there if you know what I mean before we asked to switch rooms. I didn't think the neighborhood was that bad, but I also am not prissy about that kind of stuff. We walked dinner off by skipping the Deuce (the bus that goes down the Strip) and walking from the Wynn back to the Stratosphere, and I was never scared. It is a little annoying to be so far from the larger hotels on the Strip, though. Service was just so-so, although I was thankful we got a better room when we complained about our toilet. One thing that peeved me was that when my husband asked the bartender at a bar/lounge at the hotel for water to refill our water bottle, he CARDED my husband. For water. And it's not like the bar was super busy, either. It was like 11 a.m. and no one was around. So lame. I hate Vegas for many reasons, and this is just one of my many complaints about it.
4	Hotel prices don't lie. For $50 a night, Stratosphere gives you a room to sleep. The room size is quite large but it doesn't come with a lot of amenities. Well, you don't expect a lot with that price anyway. If you book a room here, make sure you're a heavy sleeper because the walls between the rooms are very thin. The last time I stayed there, I had to call the front desk to send security people to warn my next door neighbor because they were blaring the TV at 2AM.Thankfully my neighbor this time was very considerate.All in all, good value for the money. Considering how high the prices on newer hotel rooms are, I prefer to stay here and spend my money on trying nice restaurants and shopping (I don't gamble) After all, that's why you go to Vegas, isn't it?
3	this hotel is kind of ghetto!!  when my shuttle drove me here, there were a bunch of wannabe thugs hanging outside.. the rooms aren't the best and actually kind of small but it's really cheap!!  they have an adult pool which i didn't get to check out but it's nice that they have it!!  the casino is kind of scummy but it's a casino!!  this hotel is so far from the strip so be prepared to walk or take a taxi!!  for the price for a room, you can't really complain much!  i would stay here again but i like to be closer to the strip so i don't have to drunk walk as far..
4	The Stratosphere Tower is clearly visible from all over town. It clings right onto the northern end of the Strip though the taxi shuttle from the airport counted it as being downtown and charged me more!The main advantage of staying at the Stratosphere is the reasonable price for slightly above basic accommodation. For a single traveller like me, I would rather spend less on the hotel room (where I intend to spend as little time as possible) and put the savings towards a show, meal, etc. The view from the Premier Tower is quite nice but can also be quite rundown from lower rooms on other towers.Check in has always been slow with a long line. There's also a compulsory $5 per day 'resort charge', which gives free tower admission from 10am-1pm daily and a few other fringe benefits. The check in clerk tried to bully me with the fact that he didn't have any rooms in my class when I had pre-booked and paid for but I stuck to my guns and got an upgrade.The Stratosphere isn't anywhere as plush as some Strip hotels but I don't think you can expect that for the amount you pay. There are quite a few eating options though not all of them are open everyday. I enjoyed the buffet which fills you up. The overnight diner offers some very cheap meals with coupons readily available.There's an outdoor pool and spa bath on the 8th floor. Reasonable size with a volleyball net set up and basketball hoops and balls freely available. There's also a table tennis table and a bar in the pool area.The ride to the top of the tower is compulsory in my opinion, especially at night when the neon really brings the town to life. There are indoor and outdoor observation decks and yes, the thrill rides at the top of the tower do shake it, so don't worry - it's not an earthquake! There are also a lot of laughs to be had from watching the faces of the thrillseekers on the rides. I love roller coasters but even I was a bit worried at the look of X Scream and Insanity. They are certainly unique ride experiences because of the location.There are a couple of shows on - American Superstars, a tribute show which was entertaining and available cheap with coupons, and Bite which I didn't watch. There's a shopping mall with more down market but cheaper stalls than some of the lavish Strip hotels.I didn't find travelling along the Strip that bad - it's a 5 minute walk to the Sahara hotel and the monorail which has 7 stops along the Strip and takes 15 minutes to travel to the other end of the line at the MGM. There are Strip trolleys but these aren't as reliable due to the brutal Vegas Strip traffic in my experience.So I found the Stratosphere a reasonably priced base for exploring the Strip.
3	So the Stratosphere was where we ended up our last night in Vegas.  Before then, my dad had been footing our hotel bill, and we'd slept in luxury.  After he left, we had to fend for ourselves, and found an outrageously good deal on a one night stay at Stratosphere. So we took the cab right all the way to the end of the Strip, and hoped for the best.While it definitely isn't as fancy as most of the Strip, it was definitely worth what you paid for.  The rooms were reasonably sized and reasonably clean.  We weren't aware that nonsmoking rooms cost more, so we got stuck in a smoking room, which sucks because my husband is allergic, but when we got up there, it didn't smell like smoke, which was a pleasant surprise, because our hallway was disgustingly cigarette-smelling.Restaurants were better than I expected, and while you can definitely tell a difference in clientle and entertainment, it was fine.  No problem for a eight hour stay.
3	You can't complain if the price was cheap, right?  The casino isn't the best, but they have a little bit of everything. The dealers are definitely from their own world.  The walls between rooms are thin - you hear EVERYTHING!  And if they put you in a smoking room, believe me, it will be smoky. It was gross.  The poker room was small compared to all the other casino's, but there is definitely money to be made there.the room was spacious though and they have your Starbuck's and a cafe that is open all night. I would just say, you get what you pay for...
4	Milissa you don't look to high roller yourself, why are you going to roadside motels.  Anyway i have been to vegas 6 times and am going to be their this month.  2 trips ago i stayed at the statosphere and it was a nice stay.  I won 2500$ on a elvis slot, the dealers were nice and had a good time here.  The room was clean and the place was out of date but not dirty.  What the fuck you want for 50 bucks a night.  I stayed at the MGM and the pool was the thing i liked better, but i don;t come here to swim, its to party and gamble.  Both start at the stratosphere, i would not hang out here after 10pm but will stay here any day.
3	you know..this place is pretty good for the price we got it at..last week of december, peak season for nye patrons and we still got a nice king suite for $42/night..the only catch is the additional $5/day u gotta pay for valet on top of the tip they expect but u know wat..its not that badmake sure u have a car - dont stay here if u dont coz u can't walk to caeser's palace from here without hiking for 30 mins...so if u have ur own car ur good
3	I like Jarrods review. I booked a room there for 31 bucks and they gave me 2 free lunch buffets. Plus I had 2 free admission to the tower. The rooms were okay nothing great but nothing terrible about them except a small bathroom. All in all, I was satisfied with the price I paid for it.
4	I had a good stay during Jan 2008 CES show and took the advice below to ask for the Premier Tower (paid extra $10).My 8th floor room was clean, quiet and easily accessible from the elevator. Also, I was on the pool and exercise floor although I did not use either nor did I get my room serviced (Do Not Disturb sign during entire stay).  I may be different but I like my room messy with the lived in look - as my mother knows :-)I would stay here again as it is inexpensive, near IHop, Denny's, etc and a cab to center of strip is only about $7. There is a full service/menu Starbucks right at the elevator entrance.  The Stratosphere is not quite in the center of everything but I find that to be a plus since the central strip can be overwhelming and difficult to find a place to eat at times.  I did not use the several restaurants inside but they look good. I went to iHOP next door instead and ate a 7 pound omelet for $7.99, with toast. If you want to get away from the slot machines, smoke and insanity, go to the iHOP 1/2 block away or Denny's in the opposite direction.I felt this was a good deal given the other hotels were 60-70% more expensive. . Again, if you want to walk outside onto the center strip, pay alot more than $14 (ie, round trip cab ride).  I posted a several pictures above.
4	A little jaunt to Las Vegas, and low and behold, we ended up at the Stratosphere....we couldn't beat the holiday rate (under $100/per night).  Located at the end of the strip...we found it easy to get to and from, because of the handy monorail that is conveniently about a two block walk away.  Favorite thing we did at the Stratosphere...was stepping out to the Top of the World Restaurant (a rotating restaurants) for dirty martini's at their bar. Not for the faint of hearts or those who get quizzy with heights (my boyfriend :) but it does deliver the best view in Vegas! A romantic and unsettling cocktail lounge all wrapped in one. Biggest disappointment - not looking in the complimentary package that was handed to us as we checked in...as we drove home, we noticed that there were compliementary tickets to "Bite" and "American Legends" along with spa passes....Overall, the Stratosphere met our expectations...it was Christmas so with the holiday cheer around us, it made for a great time not matter what. I would stay there again...cool diner in the casino, friendly sports bar, and convinent shopping center on the 2nd floor.    Thumbs up.
3	The Stratosphere Hotel & Casino gets a 4 star rating - I'll explain.Generous compsLucky Blackjack tablesDrinker-friendly pool barReasonably priced roomsGenerous comps:This property values "moderately" priced play. In my experience, blackjack play averaging $50/hand results in 700 sq. ft. comped suites with a jacuzzi tub big enough for me and friends (if I had them). The other strip properties don't even make an effort at that play level.I have been offered comped tickets, travel, & suite accommodations including the 2007 NASCAR races at Las Vegas Motor Speeway & the 2007 Las Vegas Grand Prix.Lucky Blackjack tables:I get an awful lot of play without digging too deep into the gambling budget account. For some reason, the dollars don't disappear in a drunken haze like at other properties. Drinker-friendly pool bar:The pool bar re-opens in early March, probably to coincide with the arrival of all the NASCAR psychos OR because it's warm again, not sure which. Very basic bar with water-misters to keep you chilled out. There are two regular bartenders, Dick & Melody, that I've gotten to know over the years. Watch out for these two! Besides really good drinks, they're still on the hunt for a quality photo of the "moose knuckle". They already have the framed photo of the "camel toe" behind the bar and wish to add to the collection. In other words guys, go to the bar BEFORE you go into the water.Reasonably priced rooms:Years ago when I began visiting this property, rooms were less than $40/night and as far as I know, still remain in that price range. I don't care who you are...that's cheap in Vegas these days. Revision to rating:4 stars is too generous, so I'm taking 1 star away. Definitely a good value for the traveler on a budget or who doesn't need the glitz property to have a good time.
4	My company sent me to Las Vegas in summer 2007 for a trade show. Stratosphere was the hotel that my company chose. Nice staff, the room was okay. The bed was not super comfy, but I only slept total of 7 hours anyway when I was there.The Polly Esther club was a bit cheesy. I used the free drink coupon and the atmosphere of the club was a bit weird. The slot machines were pretty awesome. I won $200 from Wheel of Fortune and spent it right away when I got back to Portland.Stratosphere is a good deal for an affordable lodging in Vegas.
2	... I'm only 5'5".For the bartender to hear me over the din of noise and ruckus, I had to lean up and over the bar a bit.  That's when she made her move.  She was an attractive and curvaceous woman, maybe 5-6 years my senior at most, a half-drank Cosmo(?) in one hand... the other hand... firmly posited upon my derriere."Oh, hi... "  I squeak, a bit taken aback."Hey there... " she singsongs."... eh, you having a good time?" I query."mmmmmHmmmmm... I always do... you?""..oh yeah, yeah..."After some conversation and flirty banter, the bartender, either oblivious or desensitized to such comedy, brings my drinks over and gives me the tab."Let me get those for you, Hon..." she offered, gesturing to the bartender to put it on her tab."Oh, no, thank you I'll...""My treat" she protests. Pressed against me she says, "Come find me in a little bit, okay?" as she takes one last chance to let her hand wander.I never did see her again that night.  Perhaps she had caught some new prey...She treated me like so much meat.I felt cheap.I felt dirty.I kinda really sorta liked it... =)________________________________Oh, the actual hotel and casino?  For the SUPER CHEAP RATES you can get on southwestvacations.com, its really not that bad, if you don't mind staying way off at the end of the strip.  Don't let the fact that you can SEE it fool you, its friggin' far!  Cab fares will eat your budget up...The 7th floor saltwater pool is really awesome though.  I highly recommend laying out up there, if you stay at this hotel.  Nevermind the topless pool on the 21st(?) floor, its kinda *meh*.Poly Esther's Nightclub here APPEARS to be a jumpin place, if a bit gimmicky and un-Vegas-y in regards to chic and hype.There are at least two really good cover bands that play at the casino/stage/bar towards the back that kept me entertained as SE tore through a Hold'em tourney (never underestimate the pretty girl, she's a shark...!)My encounter with Lady McGrab-@ss happened at the main bar in the middle of the casino.... ah, Vegas, where "hey, i never get picked up on at home" happens.
3	Who ever feels pissed or cheated that they stayed at the Stratosphere, is more of an elitist douchbag than Obama.  Seriously, it's like $50 bucks a night, right on the strip.Sure, it's not as posh as the Venetian, or as 'showey' as the Mirage, but the casino is perfectly adequate, the rooms were just fine for the price, and there's a McDonald's right inside for all your late night burgering needs.When I go to Vegas, it's either for business, or a good time.  When I go to have a good time, I mean business!  Good place to stay if you're looking for value.
3	If there was any such thing as a "budget" Vegas trip - this is where you should stay.  Our stay was $99/night and included 2 show tickets.  Granted, the show (American Superstars) was retarded... but a show is a show.It's on the strip, but isolated on one side - so if you are going to Vegas for action, you'll have to cab it around to get where you need to go.  Cabbing it kind of sucks, and you'll probably spend just as much on cab rides as you saved on the room.  BUT, if you are coming just for gambling, then this is a great spot.  The casino is pretty big and fully stocked with all the tables and machines you would be looking for.  It's not crowded, and doesn't have the high minimums like the posh hotels towards the middle of the strip.  Even on Saturday Nights, there were $5 blackjack tables, and usually 1-2 seats open.  It also had a really good mix of people there, so playing the tables was always fun.The rooms were basic - nothing fancy, but if you were expecting more from a $99 room in Las Vegas...
2	We stayed here since I booked everything through Travelocity.  It was only $45 a night so I couldn't say no.  If I was in Vegas for vacay I'd recommend staying at the Bellagio or Mandalay Bay but I was ust cruising through and only gambled until 5:30am.  Ha.  Stratosphere wasn't that bad it just had a cheesy Casino and I didn't feel lucky there so we went to gamble at the Mandalay.  Still not very much luck but didn't really lose anything either.  The front desk sai that depening on how busy the rest of the strip is the same hotel room can go from $40/night to $400/night.  Glad it was a random Wednesday wit not much going on in town.  Our room came with free ticket rides and a ride to the top of the tower but we didn't have the time to mess around.  It was back on the road and another 9 hours to CA.  Oh one nice thing was that there is a parking lot across the street afiliated with the Stratosphere and there is always a security guard on the premises.  Although I couldn't park my car in the parking garage since I had a baby Uhaul (5' by 8') attached to my hip I had to park at the other lot.  Glad they had that option though, otherwise it would have been stuck in a bioch parking situation since they wouldn't let me valet.
4	I stayed here in the late fall one year on a trip. It's a nice hotel, naturally, but it also seemed more "fun" because of all the games, rides, and other attractions besides just the stores and gambling.We had a very nice room on the top floor - standard Vegas room, no need to expound. The hotel had a typical, grand pool with waterfalls, but a little unknown secret is that on the roof there is an adults-only pool with a cabana and a bar and topless sunbathing is allowed. Best of all - NO screaming, splashing kids. So, if you're a woman you get a nice, peaceful poolside experience. If you're a guy, you get a nice, peaceful poolside experience plus free boobies! If you are straight and have an XY chromosome then you are probably not reading the rest of this review and are already on Expedia. Hey, you may not con your girlfriend or wife into the topless revue but you can con her into the "adults-only" pool.There are also rides on the top of the casino which nearly made me chuck my cookies, i couldn't tell if it was the fear of heights that I have or the fact that 70% of my dietary intake was alcohol over the last 3 days. A new ride had just opened that spun you over the edge of the skyscraping hotel only a week ago, I (ethanol-soaked but still clearly lucid as to impending death) decided that a ride like that must be open a year at least before even the consideration of 'giving-it-ago'.The downside is that this casino is way off the Strip and it's farther in taxi fare and more of a hasssle getting around. I'd much rather stay somewhere directly on the Strip.
3	It was OK, not fabulous.  My husband said he had better sleep on the bed at this hotel, than at the Venetian, but I think it's because we only have 4 hours of sleep the night before.The front desk guy was a little snappy, because he assumed we were trying to check in early, until he actually let me explain that we were booked from the night before and checking IN late. (Dork!  Off with your head!)  Then he came to his senses, but still charged us $20 to check out late.  We got to stay until 3p, which was great for catching some Z's, so I guess it was worth the $20.Didn't explore the hotel, but the Bite show seemed interesting.  Then, my hubby said, it looked like a strip show with a cool theme (i.e., it's cheesy).  Didn't eat here either.
5	People that complain about uncomfortable beds and thin walls reeeally need to get a life! Your in Vegas people, why the hell are you sleeping?!?!My experience was great, 2 nights, no problems, clean, tidy, and extremely cheap. We didnt spend time in the hotel other than by the pool  during the day, (where i ate waaay to many chilli cheese fries, yum!) although drinks and food are a lot cheaper here than further down the strip.Great place to stay, period. Especially if you are on a budget!
3	Gotta agree with Sarah E.'s opinion.  You are in Vegas baby, get outta the room!  I stayed at the Stratosphere during my very first trip to Vegas a couple of years ago with a group of 5.  I had no idea how the place was laid out, so I was surprised to learn how far down the strip the hotel was.  We'd rented a car so the distance from the action was manageable.  From what I remember the rooms were fairly clean and large.  The restaurant downstairs was okay when you wanted something after staying out late.  And the restaurant at the top was nice as well at least for ambience's sake.  All in all I just think it wasn't bad for the money.  If you are looking for luxury then there are plenty of better choices for that in LV.  But for a clean, reasonably priced hotel room....I'd recommend the Stratosphere.
5	I loved the stratosphere. The casino was calm and the air inside was cool and less stuffy than the other casinos. My friend and I stayed here for  two nights and 3 days. When we got there after 9 hour drive, they did not let us check in until 1 so we slept in the truck. The rooms were great, had an okay view and very very comfertable beds. The bathrooms were clean and we had free tickets to ride 2 of their 3 rides each and a lift ticket up to the top. The view from the top of the tower was amazing at night. Also we ordered room service on the last night. We ordered a shot of henny and a crossoint sandwich with fries and fruits. The sandwich was my favorite of all time. It had juicy turkey meat, tasteful sprouts, creamy avacado, crisp lettuce, juicy tomatoes and the crossiont was to die for. I ate it in less than 20 minutes. The fries were also very good and fresh and so were the fruit. I would love to stay here again if we could not get our regular suites at bellagio or venetian. It was worth the price even though it was a drive from the strip.
5	I agree with "Sarah E". Stop complaining about the small stuff, hell you're in Vegas, most of the time you're not even in your room! AND I dont complain about free liquor!I loved the Stratosphere HOTEL; the front desk was very nice and helpful. Our room was a decent size, our bathroom was clean.I also loved the Stratosphere CASINO; there was 24 hour excitement. I hit several times on the slots, and the cocktail waitresses were surprisingly faster than the other casinos we went to that weekend.There's also several restaurants, and shops throughout the hotel, including a mall upstairs. With this being said, I give 5 stars to this hotel.
2	If you want to stay at a hotel on the strip stay away from the Stratosphere. It is the last hotel on the strip and too far walk to and from. Sure the place is cheaper then the rest but its not worth it.
2	No. N-O.  This place was awful.  We arrived at 12:45am on a Thursday night/Friday morning.  Thinking that not too many people would be there, we walked towards the check in.  "Hmmm... must be some sort of special event going on; what is that line for?" we thought to ourselves.  Oh, no, don't worry.  No special event, that is the CHECK IN LINE, roughly 25 people long, at 12:45am.  Patiently we waited.  And waited.  And waited.  I mean how long does it take to swipe a credit card and hand over a set of keys?  Well....fast forward to 2am.  We are walking into our hotel room.  Come on, if there is a line that long put some more people behind the desk.  The whole time we waited there were 2 employees checking in guests.Now, because we, my girlfriend and I, had work to do on Friday morning, we called in to have breakfast delivered at 6:50am.  The woman took our order, with rocky phone manners, and refused to allow the delivery to occur without first running a credit card.  I offered to give the credit card upon room service delivery, but apparently that just wont work. I also offered to read the number to her over the phone, again no success.  So I told her to send someone to get the card right then and there (roughly 2:15am).  Fine.  So they pick up the card.  No issues.  We crawl in bed and are peacefully going to sleep...until....the phone rings.  She now wants to know if she should bring the card back right away.  I politely ask her to bring the card with the food at 6:50am.  We turn back over to catch a few Zs before the rapidly approaching wake up call.  Just as we're falling asleep, the phone rings again.  This time: an emergency.  They are out of ham and she wants to know if I want bacon or sausage.  MAKE AN EXECUTIVE DECISION!  Or better yet, call me at 6:50 to let me know...don't call me AGAIN at this ungodly hour to ask me asinine questions.The room itself was completely mediocre, and we had the suite.  The place was clean, and it didn't smell.  For that I will add one star.   That is about all this place has going.  The casino is more so depressing than anything else.  There was construction going on - I think they were installing a new slot machine or something. Long story short - this place is cheap, and shitty.  Don't bother.  Its removed, and the service SUCKS.  Spend a few extra bucks and head somewhere else.
4	$35 a night? F**k yeah!!!  (On a Thursday night)Our room was HUGE! The pool area was decent. The casino sucked ass, but we weren't planning on staying there long anyways.Located at the end of the strip....  way too far from anything so expect to either drive or pay for a taxi. Payed $15 for a taxi ride to Rio, which is located at the other end of the strip, just to give you an idea of how much you'll need for a cab.Great place to pass out after a night of boozing it up at different hotels. lol (Seriously... make sure you hang out at other hotels... cause other than your own hotel room... this place SUX)The club at Stratosphere is called Polly Esthers and they also have an IHOP walking distance from the hotel.
3	If you want a cheap ($30/night) hotel and you're not picky about the atmosphere or location, then you should stay at the Stratosphere.   The rooms are decent: similar to a 3-star hotel, clean and perfectly fine if you just want somewhere to sleep at night.The location is not so good: it's located at the veryyyyy end of the strip, which means that you have to take a taxi, catch the shuttle, or go on the monorail to get anywhere else.  My boyfriend and I thought that we could walk back because the Stratosphere tower looked close.  Boy, were we wrong!  My recommendation is to buy an all-day pass for one of the shuttles.
3	I was told the rooms were inexpensive, and for all intensive purposes, they were just fine - comfortable beds and clean bathrooms.  They looked like any other nice-to-middle-of-the-road hotel rooms.  And when you're exhausted from a glistening night out, they will suit you just fine.Of course, taking into consideration the location, which seemed like it was almost in a neighboring city, the price of the room goes up when factoring in cab fare.  I spent $25 getting a cab from Stratosphere back to the MGM Grand, where I was staying.  Thus the price of the room increases.  Even so, that is still far less than at some other places on the strip.
2	THE GOOD: Ridiculously cheap rooms, speaking $35 a night. FAT TUESDAYS cheap giant everclear drinks....I may not remember much after that.  The beds were super comfy and it was clean.  Hairdresser Elvis.  THE BAD: No one included the $5 a night "resort" charge in the quoted price.  Only 2 staff members were polite to us.  One actually laughed at our friend over the phone, when she asked for more towels.  Far from the strip, but close to downtown Vegas, which we liked better. THE HIDEOUSLY UGLY:  The topless pool at the top of the hotel.  No bar and it was full of what looked like midwestern pro-wrestler guys.  And large...LARGE women wearing no tops and thong bikinis.  I guess if you're comfortable with your body, go for it?Not bad, but I'd prefer to stay somewhere more expensive, get a nicer hotel/staff, and save $$ on the cab fare.P.S.  Why do people take their children to Vegas?????
1	Total dump!  I'm sure some people are happy with it just because it's so cheap but it's not worth it at all.  It's located way off the beaten path at the very end of the strip.  The area seems completely unsafe.  The monorail stops nowhere nearby.  If you want to see the American Superstars show be prepared to wait on the same insane line as the tower attractions.  My girlfriend and I showed up 45 minutes before showtime and decided not to go to the show because the line seemed like it would last at least an hour.  The room was every bit as tacky as a run down truckstop motel.  All in all the hotel is very depressing.  I know people are always going to love something if it's cheap but staying at this hotel completely jips you out of having a true Las Vegas experience.  If you're going to be this cheap with yourself why even bother going to Las Vegas in the first place?  This hotel is shit hole and it's way too far from the nice part of the strip to even be remotely worth considering.  Avoid at all costs!
4	For the price, this place is nice.  I paid about $30/night for this place and expected really crappy service because it's a big hotel, actually it wasn't bad and they gave me a late checkout till 3pm for $20.  Not bad considering another place I stayed at was going to charge me for an extra night.  There's a shopping mall on the second floor where you can find a McD's for a late night cheap snack.  Overall this place isn't bad, I'd probably stay there again.
5	Review of the Wedding Chapel: The best. Everything flowed smoothly, was reasonably priced, and was very nice. I'd recommend the wedding facilities to anyone wanting a really nice Vegas wedding experience. We had about 25 people with us and they all commented on the quality of the food, service, and overall facilities.
3	Its so lame that everytime I go in here, pass by it, talk about it...I think of the old British lady that I played w/ in a poker tournament there where she flat called a raise and big reraise by me when I held QdQh and her Kc2c.  She obv flopped trips to knock me out.  So yeah...Stratosphere = K2.  This happened a jillion years ago and I connect the place w/ that hand! I'm so lame.
3	I came here both times to meet guests or new found Las Vegas friends.I like the location, right on the edge before descending into downtown. It was close to some folks I met at a nearby tattoo parlor. I have played a few slots and had a shot or two of Jose Cuervo. I really want to make it back for the Karaoke night.
1	We had a crappy time there, First we get there and they said our room wasn't ready, and was told to come back in a hour so we did and then we were told that it still wasn't ready and come back in an hour so we did then we came back and we were upset this time cause they told us it still wasn't ready, so they directed us to the manager and so she asked us if we wanted another room same type and on the different floor, so we said yes then we get to the room and it's a standard room and we reserved a oversized studio room, so we went back and then she finally gave us the correct room. and after all that she didn't apologize or anything. I don't recommend this hotel at all. we got the room at %50 off on the website and we thought it was a good idea but if u can put up with the crap they put us through then do it, lol
3	2 stars for being the place I rendez-vous'd with my BF after 5 long weeks of separation.  1 star for very comfy bed and bedding.  Your jacuzzi room offered no fresh air (a trend in Vegas, I noticed), and though it was rumored we were on a non-smoking floor, we dubbed the room to be Liggett-alicious from every angle.  Even the remote smelled like an ashtray.   Worst.  Conditioning. Shampoo. Ever.  Don't put it in your hair.  You'll be sad you did the moment it hits the follicle!  It's better off dirty/mildly greezy.  Yes, greasy with a "z".     I had to make a midnight trudge to the front desk when we wanted to rent a movie, since they would not use the credit card we had already booked the room with.  The only bonus of this stroll was seeing that yes, there are others who can look more haggard, more spent, more wretched at this time of night than I, a fact strangely comforting to my non-movie-viewing soul.  After a nice chat and some parlaying with the GM, he offered a complimentary late check-out and the privilege of keeping my room keys as a souvenir.  Buddy, I want your MILLIONS as a souvenir, and no strip of lucite is going to one-up that.  Food places in there were not tasty, overpriced, and had weird hours.  Starbucks on-premise is completely out-of-control and understaffed in the mornings, so prepare to go without or eat lots of sedatives before embarking on its' trail.   In-house shows, Bite and American Superstars, smelled like such weak sauce, we couldn't bring ourselves to take one little taste.  But maybe they're good.  And maybe I have a third breast/eyes in the back of my head/crapper made out of gold.   On the interesting side, we did get to watch an entire structure go up during our stay.  There's always new building in this city!  On a sizeable empty sandlot adjacent to the Stratosphere parking structure, we were intrigued to witness a bum build a whole shelter out of old mattresses and box springs.  The first day, he only had one mattress, leaned up against a tree at a slant, creating a lean-to of sorts.  By Day 2, a second mattress materialized, resulting in a tent-shaped domicile.  Random accessories began to appear, like a satellite dish and several chairs.   By Day 3, (the morning during which we had no running water in our suite) a box spring was laid atop the mattresses for a full-on condo.  A nondo, if we're going to be honest about it.  That was about the time I started to envy his fresh air a tad... which meant it was time to come home!  I missed you, San Francisco!
4	ive stayed here 3 or 4 times now. i really like it. the rooms are very clean and big. i have not had any complaints regarding the room. as for food ive only eaten at the mcds and the diner place. when i stay i usually dont hang out at the casino i go more on the strip as the stratosphere casino area is not all that. when you check in the wait is kind of long. also some of the employess are not that friendly. its not on the strip so the area is a lil shady but it is close to downtown where gambling is cheaper :) i will probably keep on staying at this place every time i go unless i have more money then ill be at the venetian, palazzo or the wynn
1	Horrible service, from check in to management to check out.  Lost reservation, nasty attitude.  I've stayed there before and met my fiance there.  We were planning on having our wedding here, but, lol, think again.Oh, and the manager asked me "What, are you going to give me a bad review??"  Yeah, the worst.
2	I agree with Barney B. this place is totally ghetto and a very out dated , especially in comparison with the chicness of places like the Wynn and Venetian... the stratosphere doesn't compare. My boyfriend and I stayed there for two nights and the room was something out of a politician sex scandal .. a clean but ugly typical room. It was cheap though which was great for someone on a budget , which sucks in Vegas , where money talks loud.  Our room was facing the parking garage and it was quite loud with car alarms going off all morning and night . So I won't be returning to the Stratosphere ever agian .. unless I hit rock bottom and have to turn tricks (yes I spotted quite a few hookers there)... put that's a whole nother yelp review.
3	I can only vouch for the rides, and they were the best part of my last trip to Vegas.  Suffice it to say that my last trip to Vegas will not make it onto my BEST VACATIONS list, but it was fun nonetheless, if not outrageously overpriced.
1	If the Strat maintains it's thrill rides as well as they maintain their casino, I couldn't be physically DRAGGED onto one of those rides!  What a dirty (and not in the good way I mentioned in my OG review), nasty, smelly casino!Never seen so many fanny-packs in one place in my life!Maybe more crazed kids than Circus Circus!No idea what the rooms are like, and believe me when I tell you I will never find out.As I attempted to rush Big Jeff out the door, he insisted on sitting down (did I plant my ass next to him? In those filthy chairs? You decide!)  at some penny slot machine just for giggles, immediately hit a $150 jackpot.  Yay!  Enough cab fare to get us far, far away!
3	To steal a description from DFW, this place is thunderingly unexceptional. Stayed there this weekend, and it was fine. The room was fine, the service was fine, the casino was fine, the one restaurant I ate at was fine. Nothing special, but a'ight. I went 7-for-7 on bets (thanks to a meaningless last second field goal by the Carolina Panthers!) I placed at their sports book, so I'm fond of that part of the Statosphere.  A decent, less-expensive option on the strip.
4	I am amazed that people complain about it being so far from the strip.  It's only a 2 block walk to the Sahara where you can jump on the Monorail and get anywhere!  Wimps!  Cheap rooms, nice staff.  I wish they had more wheelchair accessible table games though!  I also like the new Poker Room,  even though I did crappy the last time I was there.
1	I love roller-coasters. LOVE them. Not in like the "oh, hey look at that roller-coaster over there I'd sure like to ride it" sort of way. More like an obsessive, all-consuming, contantly-looking-for-that-thrill kind of way. So when I heard that the Stratosphere hotel housed some of the tallest roller-coaster rides in the world, I had to go. When we walked up to the hotel, I was dubious- should I trust a hotel with my life that hasn't had a makeover in a 30 years? Seriously, this hotel is dingy, dirty, old, and all around decrepit. I would NEVER stay here. It was laughable. I should have listened to my gut, and turned away then, but my need to conquer the world tallest roller coaster ride prevailed. On the way up to the rooftop, we took the worlds fastest elevator. It took seconds to shoot the hundreds of floors to the top. I started to feel dizzy, and things started spinning around me. I felt nauseous. Spencer grabbed me and told me there was no way I was getting on the ride. WHAT! I immediately straightened up, smiled, and told him I was just fine. I had to get on this ride. I wasn't leaving Vegas until I did. We rode the X-Scream, which according to the Stratosphere's website is "a giant teeter-totter that propels you 27 feet over the edge of the Tower, 866 feet above the ground". Basically it is a flimsy 8-person bobsled that juts you out over the edge of the building and maniacally slides you back and forth. Did I mention it is controlled by a gum-snapping 18 year old? This ride was not fun. It was terrifying in every sense of the word. Everyone on the ride was silent...just holding on for dear life, praying for it to be over. Luckily for me, I didn't have to experience the whole ride. One moment, I am having horrifying thoughts of tumbling to my death, and the next moment, I wake up to people screaming "PLEASE! We need help! Someone help her!" Halfway through the ride, my eyes rolled in the back of my head and my whole body convulsed violently. A seizure? A panic attack? I don't know what it was, but I do know it was my mind and body telling me I had pushed it too far this time, and it needed to check out. Call me crazy, but after that experience, I rode Big Shot (hey I prepaid for the ticket) which shoots passengers straight up 160 feet at 45 mph (over 4 Gs) until they are 1,081 feet above the Strip. It was seriously fun, and I would recommend that ride to other thrill seekers. Yelp's one star rating sums this up perfectly for me: Eek! Methinks not.
1	Wow.. I smell a bankruptcy happening here soon. This place is amazingly outdated. I mean REALLY old school. Dirty, dingy, and just plain silly. The attractions at the top are more for gimick sake, than any real excitement. I did enjoy the view from the observation deck though. I mean it was cool and you didn't have to splurge for a helicopter tour. Other than that, this place is easily skippable.
3	The view from the top of the Stratosphere tower at night can't be beat.  I could have spent hours up there just gazing across the valley.  You really get an idea of just how  big the Las Vegas metropolitan area is.  There's much more than just the strip and downtown that most of us are familiar with.After the trip to the top of the tower, we caught the show "Bite".  It's a topless vampire show, and it was actually quite good.  It was much, much better than Crazy Girls as the Rivera.  Had a good time there.Afterwards, we got something to eat at a 50's themed diner (but don't remember the name).  It was just so=so.  Grabbed a fun book and played video poker for about an hour and a half.  Then a couple of drinks at the main bar before heading back South.  Not sure I'd want to stay here, but only because of the location.  It's way North on the strip and no monorail stop.   The nearest hotel/casino is the Sahara, which is about two blocks away, but you encounter panhandlers along the way with their hands out harassing you and wanting money.  That can make a short walk pretty unpleasant.
1	As soon as I stayed here, I KNEW it was Yelp worthy, I received RIDICULOUSLY bad service from the staff. There were hidden costs and a misrepresentation of what I would be getting even though I called in advance to confirm. I stayed at the "Strat" because they were having incredible winter deals...I should've known why. The hotel is FAR north of the strip and in the ghetto. Yes, its two blocks from the Sahara Tram but that's $12.00. If I had chosen a better hotel, I would've saved several things including my feet...as I opted to hold onto the $12. The staff was unfriendly and seemed a little confrontational, wanting to fight over my questions rather than answer them. The 50s themed diner had great food but the revolving restaurant was WAY overpriced. I was VERY disappointed. The one good thing I can say about the hotel is that they gave my boyfriend a GREAT impression of how you can get screwed in Vegas (later that day was the Sahara buffet - but thats a different review in itself). In short, AVOID the Stratosphere. Spend the extra $30 a night on a place that appreciates your business
3	Great comfortable place for the price. I don't care about jacuzi and swimming but I do care about the service here which is decent.
5	I really enjoyed my stay at the Stratosphere   We had a magnificant time here at this hotel and of course the first thing we did, is hit that elevator baby and off to the top to enjoy that spectacular view.   Wow, you walk to the edge...and there is a glass floor and you can look down and see the street.      We had some drinks at the Top of the World restaurant....mine was a 7up...waiter probably thought I was real cheap......well...sometimes I am....    The restaurants are OK and we watched people going and coming from the rides..some scared...   I wasn't really interested in that....    The rooms are OK and there like any other room on the casino strip.  The restaurants were good...but I actually like to look around Las Vegas Boulevard, eat at fancy restaurants.....
2	First time I came to Vegas I stayed here and was pleased. But, I think I was mostly happy to be in Vegas in general. The third time I went to Vegas I stayed here again based on fond memories, but was rather displeased. This is for old people and rednecks, and those of us trying to save 100 bucks a night. On the plus side, they comp drinks like there is no tomorrow, and they had an all you can drink night at the club. No pressure to wear your Gucci here, but you may not want to wear Levis either (dirty).You get what you pay for!Also, worth noting this isn't really on the strip. Need to cab or bus anywhere you go. Rides are semi fun to do at least once. Bite was a reasonable show considering the place.
3	This place is so so. Hey if you need to do your laundry look on the bright side you can do it here for free. The first time I was here when it first opened everything seemed horribly displaced like the ride was way on top of the Hotel and you had to walk miles there. I now come here since they offer many good deals and very often. I do not spend too much time in the room so it ok almost perfect I guess. I should  give it a five star for overall value. The rooms are very adequate. Everything works fine. However there are no flat screens not when I was there. This place is on the strip but away from the action. I do not have any of my meals here so I could not say what the food is like. Nor did anything seem appealing. They have a sportsbook but that is nothing to talk about. They do take bets though. Registration can be a hassle so you know there can be long lines. So long that you can not even muster more conversation with some foreigner who basically told you everything about the place you wanted to visit. If the price is right I do not see any reason to not stay here.
2	Cheap. Totally get what you pay for. Buffet was your standard cheap buffet. And it's definitely in the ghetto.
2	A very tired, basic, budget casino.  I only stayed there because of the $35 room I managed to secure.Best thing to do when traveling cheap, get a room at a place like this, and only come back there to sleep.The tower itself offers only one attraction, the top of the stratosphere, which has a restaurant and a cool looking roller coaster.  However, even to go up and have a look, the fee is $13.  Which, even for a hotel guest, isn't really worth it, unless this is your first and only time in Vegas.
2	I had a good impression when we first got there - everything looks clean superficially....that is, until you look closer.  I would have given the hotel a better rating (because it was cheap) except that our room was dirty!  They are sneaky and have two sheets sandwiched around the comforter, but when you pull the top sheet down, I saw STAINS on it.  It looked like chocolate (or at least I was hoping it was just chocolate) on the comforter, which they clearly had not washed recently.  The shower curtain looked like it hadn't been cleaned in months and I didn't even want to look too closely at anything else.  We were on the 7th floor and could hear people coming in and out from our room, and for some reason they have the cleaning crew vacuum outside at 9am. I guess they really want you to check out on time. The staff was nice enough at check in (despite the line) and check out went smoothly. We had to pay the "resort" fee, so we made use of it and went to the top of the stratosphere twice - once during the day and once at night.  It's a bunch of high school kids who work there and are completely lax.  They let their friends jump the line and talk with them in the elevator. The hotel is pretty removed from the strip, which is why it's cheaper, but for the price, I'd consider coming back...if they learn how to clean their comforters!!
2	Do NOT sign the paper that says you will be charged $7.50 a day. When we went, the guy at the front desk said "you already paid for the room already so this is just a formality." SUCH a liar and it's just  to get you checked in as quickly as possible since there is always a line of people waiting. The room was barely functional. On Sunday morning there was no hot water. Our TV didn't work (just static) and when we called it in, the repairman they promised didn't show up. EVER. At least the bed and comforter were okay.The only reason this doesn't get 1 star is because I guess you get what you pay for. We didn't pay much for it (and you shouldn't pay much for Vegas in this down economy) so I guess it sufficed. $35/night for the weekend only gets you a functional bed, I guess. I liked that we got a room in the tower closest to the north parking garage entrance. It was a little tricky finding the entrance to the north parking garage since it's where the employees park too (entrance is on Fairfield), but it was so nice not having to walk through the casino to get to our room.
3	When in Vegas you are going to want to go up in it at least once and look out from the top.   Yet I have a complaint, and a very possible good tip; I've been here three times, and my main complaint is that they charge $13 per person.  So it was $52 for our family of four.  I don't think that's right as they force you to walk past a whole bunch of little stores, loaded with hot dogs (if hungry), corn syrup laden sodas and about 150 million different varieties of Stratosphere key chains and refrigerator magnets.   I've never found -anything- that I had to have, nor would want to carry around with me after making a purchase.   So here is my suggestion, I have heard this works but was not told about it until after paying for the elevator ride up each time.  Just tell them you are going to the restaurant and I don't believe you have to buy a ticket to do that.   And just so you are telling the truth, you know, not commiting fraud, do go in the restaurant, order a free glass of water and look at the menu.   I don't think you are at that point obligated to order food..   Hehehe   :)The view is excellent and can be a little scary if you are scared of heights.   I do have a fear of heights some of the time, not always, not sure what the deciding factor is.   But up here we discovered that my Dad and Brother have a fear of heights as well.   My Dad grabbed the chain link fence and would not let go, and my Brother froze, refusing to go near the edge.   And when the roller coaster went by just above our heads, he refused to look up at it!  Hahah!    One thing I found quite interesting, something now fixed, is that when on the inside floor (you don't have to go outside, but that's the best with the wind and all) the inside floor had glass windows that looked down.   While there were multiple signs saying "DO NOT STAND ON GLASS" (DUH!) surprisingly many people would, and look down.    Now I have no idea how much weight those were designed to handle (or if anyone fell through), they certainly didn't look real thick, as if designed to stand on.   But the last time I was there they had wooden boards covering all of those...   Hmmm.   When up on top, outside looking out of Las Vegas and the endless deserts and distant mountains, I wondered what it would be like to base jump (skydive) off of here.   That would be a real rush.   If you never had a chance to go in the World Trade Center, aside from the Sears Tower, this is one of the only places you can get up this high and the view is similar to that from the World Trade Center and Sears Tower as the cars look like ants and people are hard to even make out.   Pretty cool.   They just shouldn't charge so much if anything to go up and look....
4	I write a lot of reviews about restaurants and bars rather than places to stay. I came to the Stratosphere a few years ago when they tore down the Stardust. Which is the hotel I stayed at 3 times a year every year for about 6 years. I have to say I have not had a bad experience here at all. After staying here the past few years I have to say it is a great deal. The staff have always been nice and the rooms are always well kept. I have a good time playing in the casino and the bands they hire are fun to listen to. I like this side of the strip and even though I was sorry to see the Stardust go I feel the Stratosphere is a great substitution. I did not like a room they gave me once and they moved me right away. I am not a high roller but they did treat me well. My friends and I all came here for my birthday in Jan this year and we all had a great time and enjoyed the hotel for the price and the service. I treat every person I meet as if they are a friend waiting to be made. I find that people who are treated well will treat you the same way. I will be coming here to stay a few more times this year since my family live in Las Vegas.
2	This place has cool features...or does it?  I didn't find any, lol.  It's cheap.  But with good reason.  It's at the far end of the strip.  It's not particularly nice.  It's not particularly inviting, or fun.  Why do I always stay in terrible hotels while in Vegas?I'm going to stay at Treasure Island next time!
3	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Stratosphere last week during our vacation.  From what I had heard from Yelp and from friends I was a little worried about a) the location away from everything b) the service and c) that it would be kind of crappy.  I was pleasantly surprised by the experience.  We didn't have to wait long to check in, we got two doubles instead of the king we reserved (not a problem), the employees were helpful.  The room was standard hotel fare: simple and clean.  Also, the actual casino was nice as well.  It wasn't as fancy as some of the other casinos but there was nothing to complain about.  Also, we enjoyed going to the top of the Stratosphere to ride.  Hooray!  We went before breakfast so we wouldn't feel sick.  We did the Big Shot and I felt better after the ride then when I took that shot of Patron later in the week.  There was quiet a bit of walking.  We would walk to the monorail each day and buy all day passes.  I think this is a great deal if you get a good price on the room and don't mind a little walking.  We stayed at the Luxor later in the week and that was convenient because it was closer to the bigger casinos.
2	The line was long to get in for a Friday (2/20).  The employees openly talked about their frustrations to one another while checking us in.  TACKY!  Save it for the break room ladies.  I don't need to hear about how your Manager made you come out and help.. ME! What can I say?  It was a basic room.  Queen bed my eye though.  We were like sardines in there.  But what do you expect in Vegas.  The 2 rooms were about $320 for 2 nights.  The bathrooms don't have fans.  A bit odd.  We had to open the doors while showering to let the steam out.  The only cool thing was the iron and ironing board in the room.  The were doing construction on the pool area when we went.  Might want to check that out before booking your stay.  And they are dead serious on cut off being 4 p.m. for the pool.  You can't even get in there to see what it looks like cause they lock the doors.  Oh, and it's $30 for late check-out.  No courtesty hour here!
3	Went here on a last minute very cheap deal,  room was nice I upgraded to the jacuzzi tub room with what they call the strip view (not much of a view) staff were ok I normally play craps in Reno and their table was a little different so I asked a question about it (crapless craps?? never heard of it) and the croupier was not very helpful.  This was a Sunday night and it was extreemly quiet,  she told me to go to the free class the next morning which I figured why not.  Got to the table the next morning there were about 10ppl waiting for the lesson and no croupier in sight, we had to ask 3 times and wait 15mins for someone to give a 3 minute lesson which sucked and she did not want to be there. As a cheap getaway I would go back but I will not play craps there again as I did not find them friendly or helpful.
2	i really did wish this place was more awesome than it really is.  boyfriend got a good deal on one of their more-than-standard rooms, but in retrospect, i'm not too sure if it was worth the money saved.the check in line was pretty long- nothing out of the ordinary, especially since we arrived on friday afternoon, and when we got to the counter, the lady who assisted us was really quite nice- but when we got to the room, we noticed that something felt off and we realized that it smelled totally of smoke.  that ticked us off, especially since we specified that we wanted a non smoking room repeatedly; during the booking, before checking in, and while checking in.so off we went to go and try to fix the situation, and they weren't rude or anything [bet they had enough practice about complaints...], but when we checked what kind of a room it was, they said it was a smoking optional room.  we didn't pay all this money to go and have it spent on a room that will permeate our clothes and other belongings with smoke!  they offered to use some sort of air freshener/ ionizer- but that's not enough, because it'll still totally aggravate boyfriend's allergies, so they then offered to send an ionizer to the room.the ionizer worked well enough, but i felt like the staff should have been better prepared, especially since we booked this room a few months back and such.  the room was clean but it wasn't anything too spectacular.ps. one thing that i noticed amongst other things though- we felt like because we were "younger" they didn't extend as much courtesy as they could have.  i mean, if we were, say- five to ten years older, i bet they would have given us a room at a much better placing than this one.free ride to the top of stratosphere and the view is pretty breathtaking, but for the money we spent on the room- i don't think it was really all that worth it- good deal or otherwise.  plus the casino area is kind of dingy.
2	I've been a few times now, stayed in the hotel and visited the shops; went on the rides. The hotel rooms are cheap, but the place is so far from everything else to do on the strip I think they have to be cheap to attract any customers at all. The concept of the rides on the top of the tower is cool, but if you go up on a windy or cold day it really is not very fun. The tickets to ride things are pretty overpriced like everything else in Las Vegas. I didn't brave the food at any of the restaurants while I was there. The shops don't have traditional stores, I'd say they are best for finding cheapo souvenirs to take home but that's about it. I don't think this place has put money into marketing or decor since they opened in the 90s. Walking around this hotel gives me horrible late 80s early 90s flash backs. Everything was clean though, I'll give the place that. You'll not only pay a pretty penny for the view but you'll spend a good portion of your day in line. IMHO it isn't worth the trouble...
3	In a fairly unique spot on the strip where it really isn't convenient to anything. On that basis, I'd love to give it two stars, but the rooms are decent and at the price I paid for a room, I have to give it three!Rooms are decent and average sized. Decently appointed. It definitely would not be a place that wow's you, but I never think that is it's intent. You will find a comfortable bed and a clean bathroom for sure.Staff are ok and somewhat hit or miss. My check in agent was a little short and not very helpful. However, the housekeeping staff were really helpful when I asked for a few extra towels and made my room to how I like it.Rates are ridiculous cheap when I have looked it up. I'd love to stay there more often at those rates, but I personally like staying closer to the heart of things.
5	i've never stayed at this hotel, but my company held a party at the top of the stratosphere this week.   the view was amazing.  military helicopters were flying around at our same altitude.  it was pretty surreal.at night, i headed up to the observation deck.  this is where the 5 star review comes in.  for those of you who have been following grey's anatomy this season (with dr. hunt), you know there's a small room in the hospital where air shoots out of vents.  this is what standing on the observation deck was like.  i was alone, staring out over sin city, and the wind was beyond the most therapeutic thing i've felt in a long time.  i think my grandma's been watching over me or something, because every time i even remotely start feeling shitty over my recent breakup, i end up somewhere where i'm totally blown away by my environment.  it's so humbling.  like, the world is THIS BIG and i can't get over something as small and simple as a heartbreak?  stop being lame!!  it was so invigorating.  the wind just blew all my negative thoughts out of my body.after i was done with my wind therapy, i walked around and ran into a couple of the sales guys i work with.  i was like, "oh my god!  this is amazing!  the view is incredible!  how are you guys doing?  having fun?  it's so windy up here!  i'm sorry about my windblown hair!"  (you know, the kind of hair you get after you take a ride in a convertible).  one of the guys told me he was just admiring how i looked standing in the wind looking over the city.  nothing helps me feel better like a good ol' fashioned compliment from a dude!  thanks, grandma!
5	I gave the Stratosphere 5 stars because it truly deserves it! My boyfriend and I stayed there for 4 nights and it was EXCEPTIONAL! At first I was worried that our hotel was going to suck because we got a direct flight out of Chicago to Las Vegas with a 4 night stay at the Stratosphere for $324. So I figured we'd have to give and take, but the Stratosphere was  phenomenal! When we arrived to check in we waited no more than two minutes to get checked in. It was very speedy and the people at the check in desks were extremely kind. Our room was exactly how I saw the example online which was WONDERFUL! The only flaw we had was the same day we checked in we went and saw some  of the Las Vegas strip. When we returned at 11:30 pm Vegas time to call it a night we discovered that not only did we not have cold water, but our sink didn't drain and the toilet didn't flush. We gave it 15 min. and still nothing worked. So I called the front desk and told them, what was happening. They offered to give us another room with two beds in it, which was equivalent to the price of our room that we were currently in. I didn't think that was fair and asked that they upgrade us for free because we had already unpacked our things, gotten ready for bed, and right before getting ready to call it a night they asked us to move to another room. To me that wasn't fair and the desk worker agreed. She talked to her manager and we were upgraded. It was the easiest conversation I've ever had. There wasn't an argument about upgrading us or anything. They even offered to send someone up to give us the key to the new room. The room they upgraded us to was MASSIVE! It was like two rooms in one. I must say we were very excited!We left a $2 tip for the room service people and they did an EXCELLENT JOB in cleaning our room the whole time we were there. One lady actually left us a note to thank us. I really appreciated that and I actually put it in the scrapbook. The hotels location was really nice. I consider it to be the half way point between downtown Vegas and the strip. If you stay here buy the Monorail pass because the monorail stop is within walking distance from the hotel. It'll get you to MGM within 15 min. It was truly a GREAT investment!The casino is very nice as well. The machines were nicely spread out and I really enjoyed how often the ladies taking beverage orders came around. It didn't matter where you sat they all always made sure you weren't thirsty. This hotels casino set up was the best I saw on the entire strip. It was so well organized. Not to mention the exits were easy to find. Overall the hotel was PHENOMINAL & I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT! The service is WONDERFUL! In all honesty I am thrilled that I picked this hotel because it was everything I wanted and so much more! Not only did we get an AMAZING price on it, but we got an AMAZINGLY MEMORABLE STAY! The hotel truly helped build the memories that made our vacation unforgettable! THANK YOU STRATOSPHERE! YOU ALL WERE WONDERFUL!
3	Just got back from my stay at the Stratosphere.  Things were ok, but I was not too impressed.  Pros:Valet parking is FREE.Hotel offers a $19.95 eat all day pass.  Dine anytime and as many times as you want.2 for 1 coupon for their show.Beds were very comfortable.Rooms were clean.Free entrance to the Tower.  Regular price is $13 - $15 for non-guests.Cons:Paid $60+ for an upgraded view of the Strip.  Not worth it.  Should have saved on the upgrade and booked a standard room.Staff was very indifferent.  Not very friendly.Don't even bother to try to check-in early.  They will only tell you to come back after 12pm.  They said they did not have any rooms clean.  Hard to believe considering that the hotel was not sold out.Slots - not much luck.  Everyone I talked to said to go Downtown where the slots are looser.Overall, not too bad a place to stay.  Location is far from the action, but with free valet and being able to drive to the other casinos, it was not too bad.If rates continue the way they are, I would stay again.
3	stayed here about 9 times over the years. changed owners at least twice & i don't dig the current ones.  last time, i gave them a poor rating on their comment card & no response(i hate that).  one of the things they did , was change my room key code & i was locked out at an inconvenient time.  had to go downstairs & wait to get it corrected. buffet is excellent/tasty. casino is hip--young patrons, cool live music at nite, cool bartenders. fun sportsbook.  pool is awesome & so is the top floor.  they don't comp me enough & the neighborhood is fulla crackheads if you venture off the property.  i'd stay here for free, but not the 30 spot they want sun-thurs.
2	Miserable.  Dirty.  Untasty restaurants.  Why do I continue visiting this place??!  It is very cheap though, if thats what you're looking for, this is the winner!  Slightly...slightly better than Sahara.
1	Not gonna lie - not a place I will ever stay at again.  I bought a "deluxe" room opposed a regular room because of a sale going on.  Paid about $85 a night for a room worth over $200, so it said online.  What a deal - right?  No.  This room had far less amenities than a $50 a night Days Inn, which I prefer.  Small room, view of parking lot, on the floor of the pool, in which my room must be passed by anyone going there, kicking and screaming as they do all day, starting at 8AM.  No fan in the bathroom to rid it of humidity, disgusting shower curtain that belongs in a prison, shower head that is little better than what you might expect in a prison, the scratchiest TP and tissues in existence, and nothing more than the cheapest hotel soap.    Also - no coffee maker, terrible hair dryer, no microwave, $12 charge for internet for a day, and no mini fridge: these aren't vitals, but adding it all together makes me wonder.They kept telling me (when I checked in and on the posters hanging around everywhere) that I now have hundreds of dollars in savings because of a coupon book I received.  This is quite  a joke as all the many coupons are 10% off ridiculously expensive purchases.The noise is terrible.  My first morning I was awoken before sunrise because a woman across the hallway was pounding on the door, repeatedly whisper-shouting, "Danny!  Danny!"  After 10 minutes it stopped.  Ten minutes later it began again with a security guy announcing himself before opening the door for the woman.  Thank God it was over.  New noises began with banging from upstairs and car alarms going off non stop.  Needless to say, I did not sleep well.On the plus side?  The air conditioning is top notch (no window fan crap here) and the bed sheets are nicer than a typical hotel.  Was this worth it?  NO!  I am very angry I didn't stay at La Quinta, which is cheaper and much, MUCH nicer!
3	Where do I begin...the Stratosphere is definitely not the Venetian...that's for sure!  Nevertheless, I found it to be a good bargain for the price, and as they say, you get what you pay for.  It's definitely not "prime" location on the strip, but I was satisfied.  We found a lot of funky places within walking distance.  Although I caution you not too walk to far too the left because that's the bad part of town (no seriously). Unfortunately there is only one word for their customer service, and that is TERRIBLE!  But the room was okay and the bed was comfortable, and we even had a "premium view" of a concrete wall!  But we weren't too worried about that because when you're in Vegas how often are you really in your room.  The Hotel also has a Mickey D's, a couple of cool shops, Ben & Jerry's and a Starbucks on the very top.  Their Buffet is excellent for breakfast, but I was a little disappointed came dinner time.We really did enjoy their pools.  The 8th floor pool can get a little crowded and loud but the adult pool places good music, and a nice relaxing atmosphere...not to mention a HOT pool boy!So, if you're looking for a five star hotel...THIS IS NOT IT!  But it's a great bang for your buck!  I would stay there again.
3	For the price, it is not a bad place to stay. It is on the north end of the Strip, so a bit far from the other hotels and casinos. However, the rooms are clean, large and reasonably priced. The restaurants are also quite good. One of the bars has a $19.95 (from 4:00 - 8:00 PM) 'all you can drink' (draft beer, martini and margaritas only) happy hour special.
4	Got a room here for $40, and it was well worth it. We got to the hotel around 11:30pm, and it took us more then 45 minutes to check in, as far as I am concerned this was the only thing I didn't like. The room was clean, and unlike most Las Vegas casinos it was not overly crowded. The hotel is on the far end of the strip so you have to take a cab pretty much everywhere, but for $40 its more then worth it.
4	I like this place a lot.  The room was nice, beds were comfortable and the shower rocked.  This place is rocks and yes, it's not in the middle of everything but it's close enough to walk to the Sahara to catch the Monorail and you're good to go.  We were treated great by the staff and the dealers/pit bosses were fun and helpful to all of our gambling questions.  I'm a fan and will totally return to this place.
3	The hotel was ok. Kinda boring. Off the strip and a short walk from the lightrail. The rooms actually surprised me! I liked them. The views from the tower were breathe taking. It was freezing up there but I stayed because of the views. You can see the whole Valley!My husband enjoyed the rides. I am too cowardly to think of such a thing.I liked that before you went up the elevator in the tower they take your picture. My husband and I had some really nice pics taken. And you get to choose your background.The staff was friendly and helpful. The Courtyard buffett was pretty good to me. The choices were limited but, the food was ok. The pool area was clean and spacious. It can get very windy on the deck though. They give you fresh warm towels when you walk in. They also have a workout center by the pool. Too many men for me! LOL!
2	This was our home base for girls' weekend in Vegas.  We chose this hotel because it was super cheap, and knowing we wouldn't be there too much, we decided to save some duckets.  This hotel is a little older, and pretty "ghetto" in comparison to those actually on the strip (Caesar's Palace, Mirage, MGM Grand, etc.).  Nothing fancy, the decor is pretty standard, and the shopping floor consisted mostly of Las Vegas gift shops.  The room was just a standard hotel room, with one small sink.  A big disappointment was the lack of a mini fridge.  We had to buy a Styrofoam cooler at a nearby 7-11 to keep our beverages cold.  But the beds were big and very comfy.Most of our days were spent at the pool, which they actually have 2.  The one on the 8th floor is all ages, and the one on the 25th floor is over 21.  Both pools were very lackluster, with no vegetation, slides, diving boards, or anything.  We spent the first day at the 8th floor one...tried to bring in our own vodka beverages, only to be denied and had to chug them before entering.  This was the bigger of the two pools, with lots of lawn chairs for laying out.  The adult pool allows outside beverages in, but is much smaller with significantly less chairs.  However, it was never crowded, so finding a spot was pretty easy.  The downside of this pool (for me) was the 'bathing suit top optional' situation.  It just seemed to be a magnet for creepy older guys, who would just sit there and stare at all the boobs (even though most of them were not stare-worthy).  The bartender at the poolside bar would make little daiquiris and margaritas to pass out several times throughout the day, which was very nice.  The one advantage of staying in a comparatively "ghetto" hotel, was that the food options were pretty cheap.  We had breakfast at Lucky's Cafe every morning.  The service was great, and the food reasonably priced.  They had a $5.99 breakfast deal available 24-hours a day, and lunch special for $6.99 available 11am-6pm.  They also have a 50's style diner that we ate lunch at twice.  The diner also had a special for people staying at the hotel: $7.99 for a cheeseburger, fries, and drink.  The casino floor was pretty standard, although I did have good luck with the blackjack tables there (with the help of my fellow gamblers and the dealers).  We didn't gamble too much there, but when we did I rarely saw a cocktail waitress.  Overall, I felt we definitely got what we paid for.  If you're wanting to save some money on the hotel, and don't mind cabbing it to the strip (about a $10 ride) then this would be a good fit for you.  Next time, I'll probably shell out some more money to stay somewhere a bit nicer.
4	Because of the economy, great deals are to be found. We usually stay downtown, but opted for the strip this time. The stratosphere sounded like a great place to stay to visit the tower and the rides above. Our rate was $59 for one room on the 17th floor which was a great deal. The day before we left I, of course, had to check the rates again and they were $30. I was afraid to cancel and get new reservations in case they were booked. When we arrived we asked if we could have the lower rate and were told we should have cancelled our original one and got a new one. sigh ... Anyway the accommidations were nice. The view was spectacular especially at night. The staff was friendly. The only bummer was the advertised special for the players club. Signs were all over indicating that joining the club gave you $200 on the card and chances to rack up points for free items. Well, you give your email and you get $5 and almost one week later we still could not figure out why we didn't get $200. We asked several times and the answers were so tangential that we never got an answer. Aside from that, we really enjoyed our stay.
3	We were in Vegas for 4 days and got this hotel to save some dinero. It's okay, it's away from the strip, but it's soo cheap! The first night was $30 including tax and everything! My boyfriend also won over $200 here which was pretty sweet, but of course lost it all. They have this cool restaurant on top, it's called Top of the World and you can see the panoramic view of Las Vegas..very pretty. The fitness center was a joke here, so please, don't bother working out. I say you make friends with people that are staying in fancier hotels, like Wynn, so you can get in :) I didnt check out the pool, but I heard it was renovated. The restaurants here were okay and room service was pretty good. We got the salmon omelette and the denver... Delish! :)
3	Stayed here for a quick getaway to Vegas. Me and my compadre arrived here a bit earlier than check in, but the staff at the front desk was very helpful and accomodating. She was very friendly and explained everything and answered all of our questions.Our room was clean and spacious and had a nice view of the mountains in the distance. The bed was actually very comfortable and had more than enough pillows.Although we were a bit on the far end of the strip the price for the room was worth it. You can catch the bus right out front, catch a cab, or just walk down to the main strip.  This place is cheap in comparison to some of the other hotels on the strip but I thought it was totally worth what we payed to have a clean place to crash
4	what can i say about this place but, one hell of a time. went there when i got married. really affordable place to stay. far from the strip but seriously who cares. take the duece or a cab. i stayed there for 3 nights and four days. buffet was really good aswell the sat dinner was awesome a lot of seafood crab legs and oyesters were my fav. strongly recomend for those that have budget
1	man if there was a model of crap hotel this would be the perfect place. the rooms are not only old they smell of it. I had to shower with my plastic flip flops on. everything here is old...tables workers and dealers. grandpa fell asleep dealing in a middle of the shoot. I thought I was gonna have to call 911 bc I thought he was gonna croak on us at the table. the location is at the very end of the strip. I wouldn't recomment walking to strip at night from there although I have done it myself only bc I lost my 401k playing blackjack at Caesars and didn't have enough for a taxi back. I keep looking over my shoulder to see if I was gonna get robbed. pay the money for a nicer hotel!
2	There is nothing wrong with this hotel except for the location.  It is so far down the strip that you have to take cabs everywhere, and they are EXPENSIVE.  You'd be better off staying at TI or Flamingo, which are both at center strip and not that much more expensive.  The rooms at Stratosphere are okay but nothing fancy.  If you're looking for a nice bathroom/flat screen TV, etc, this is not your place.
4	The Stratosphere:  A review in 3 parts...Part IWhile the Stratosphere is just a 3 star hotel, it comes at 2 star prices, so that earns it a bonus star for us budget minded visitors.Part IIThe Stratosphere is not really "on the Strip".  Friends that we stayed with were able to walk down to the strip, but that kind of exercise isn't for me.  I would rather spend my day doing things like gambling, eating, and drinking.  All that walking would cut into my gambling losses, burn those buffet calories, and sober me up.  :PWe always rent a car in Vegas anyway, so the extra distance isn't really an issue for me.Part IIIHooray for Adult only pools!  It's not that I hate kids, but as a D.I.N.K. (dual income no kids) I don't want to spend my vacation around the noisy little egocentric monsters.  The topless pool at the Stratosphere is as basic as it gets.  A limited shaded area, bar service that does not come to you (you gotta go to it), and a volley ball net across the pool. They didn't spend any money on aesthetics, but topless girls playing water volleyball is all I needed to spend 6 hours here, and looking forward to my return.
5	I just got back from my trip to vegas and must say I was very happy with this hotel/casino. Everyone on here is so picky but you have to realize you get what you pay for. The rooms were so cheap. I paid around  70 dollars for two nights. What a great deal. The pool on the 8th floor is beautiful but too many kids running around. I preferred the adult topless pool on the 25th floor. I went with my gf and it was a very relaxing place. Its kind of small but pretty darn good for a place where you pay about 30 bucks a night. The staff was super friendly. My only gripe is the bathtubs are so darn small but like i said if i wanted a huge bathtub I could have paid much more for another hotel.
3	This is a fantastic place for $29 per night which rate you can get most of the time.  My room was as nice as at the Los Vegas Hilton which I pay $300 a night for during the shopping center convention.  The casino is a casino, what do you want?  It's not directly on the strip and so if you want to walk up and down the strip going to this place and that, this isn't the place for you.If you want to go to Vegas and just gamble, this is as good a place as any.  Remember that in Vegas, the house isn't gambling, so when you think you are gambling, who are you gambling with?If you want to really experience Vegas, this isn't the place for you and you should spend the money and get a place on the strip so you can walk up and down the street with thosands of other tourists.  There is a worthywhile experience to be had in Vegas just walking around.
4	Basically: - it's cheap and you can cram 5 girls into a double room. - the pool is pretty basic but comfortable - Yeah cabs are expensive but the monorail is a block away.You want Vegas on the cheap?  Stay here.  It's TOTALLY worth it.  You want Vegas on the strip?  Don't stay here.
2	The Stratosphere is no doubt in Las Vegas's high pantheon of hotels, the casinos ,the rides and that. My beef with this place is that the restaurant there was far from the hype that is associated with Las Vegas food. It was pretty much average fair and just a bit tasteless-pretty much a disappointment I am sad to say. Go ahead and gamble and ride the rides but when it comes to eating? Go somewhere else.
4	I only went here for the X Scream ride.  that's it.not as scary except the fact you are over the parking lot.  no safety net or anything.
3	It's affordable, has the basics amenities  and has good customer service.However,it's a good 2 miles from the strip and the neighborhood is pretty dark and shady. After spending to much money on the cab rides back and forth from the strip it would actually be cheaper to stay at treasure island and flamingo then the stratosphere.
2	This place had nice beds but they nickle and dime you for everything. No free wi-fi, pricey water down drinks, expensive eating places and lousy slot machines. To far from the strip with $20 dollar taxi rides each way. After dark I would not walk around this area, kind of run down and shady. I would never stay there again.
1	We wanted to spend as little on the hotel cost to maximize our "fun" money so we decided to stay at the Stratosphere. This ended up being a huge mistake. Las Vegas nowadays is super cheap and you can find a much better deal for a slightly higher price. You'll thank yourself if you do.. We stayed in Vegas for 3 days & 2 nights and changed hotel rooms twice. After checking in we went up to our "Premiere" Suite and my b/f hated it.. he said the room looked nothing like the pictures online. I too must admit, I felt like I was in a prison cell w/ a parking lot view instead of a hotel in Las Vegas. He called downstairs and we paid an upgrade fee for a bigger room, a better view, and a refrigerator. (I never knew hotel rooms didn't come with refrigerators until staying here, they charge an additional $10 per day) He took a shower and the tub didn't drain well so we called to have it fixed. We asked them to come in about an hour so we'd have time to leave the room before they came in.. 10 minutes later.. knock, knock on our door.. they can't get anything right. Later that day, I realized there was a strong sewage smell coming from the sink/vanity area.. once again, we called and asked them to fix it after we left the room. The next morning we were woken up to banging and power tool noises. That was the last straw.. I made a mental note to talk to a manager/supervisor when I passed the check-in area. She was not nice.. didn't smile, and never apologized; however, she did remove one night of upgrade fees, and changed us to the other side of the hotel where there wasn't any construction going on. I would NEVER stay here again, nor would I recommend it to anyone I liked. On their website, they advertise that they've remodeled recently.. I think they define recent as, within the past 10 years. Luckily we had our car and were able to drive to the strip.. we didn't spend much time at the Stratosphere unless we were sleeping.
1	Ok seriously, I'm literally still in the room.  I'm using Stratosphere's wi-fi [which btw, I have to pay $11.99 for.... that's like half of what I paid for the room, lol] to write a review on what a shithole this place is.  hahaha I feel so bad for being a cheap ass and not paying to stay at the Mirage like I did last year, but seeing as I'm on vacation for a week this year [compared to 2 days last year] I had to scrimp a bit.  Okay so we got here at about 930pm last night... it took us more than half an hour to check in.  Not because they're super busy [I mean technically, it looked like they were busy, but only becuz most of the registration ppl are incompetent] but because they refused to open another window.  If you see 20 ppl in line, and you only have 2 ppl open, and there are 2 ppl CHILLING on the side, you freaking open another window.  Gosh damnit.  I work in customer service and I swear, my butt would have been fired a long time ago if I just hung around while my customers were waiting.  So anyway, we finally get to the front, and thankfully our lady was wonderful and kind and everything.  She even put us in a "high" room with a "view" without charging us anything extra.  BUT...So we get to the room, and I'm kinda bummed cuz its RIGHT next to the elevator, so every few minutes you hear a chug-chug-chug... but that's alright, at least I don't have to hoof it all the way down a long corridor.  But when we entered the room, umm EWW.  First of all, I've stayed in a lot of shitty hotels in my lifetime [I've traveled through Europe and Asia, both of which are not necessarily known for their 5 star hotels] but this was the first time I've ever seen something this gross.  There was this weird stench that just stuck to the room, there was PISS IN THE BATHROOM, the bed had not been made [it literally looked like ppl had just gotten out of bed], and their was garbage in the garbage can.  Oddly enough, the towels looked brand new and it had new soaps and stuff.  So someone started cleaning [?] and decided not to finish?  I don't know.  All I do know is that at 1030pm [and after almost 9 hours of straight driving], I just want to get into my room, put my shit away, and go to sleep.  No can do... I had to call the front desk, and I was informed that we'd either have to stay in that room or get switched into a room with 2 queen beds on a low floor.  WTF...  My fiance and I didn't really feel like sleeping in separate beds [and having to switch rooms the next day] so we agreed to have housekeeping come in and clean the room.  BUT what really irked me was there was no offer of any compensation [usually, this kinda bs would come with like a comp meal or an upgraded room], NO APOLOGY, nothing.  Total BS.  Once again, fineeeeeeeeeeee customer service.  NOT.So anyway, what else sucks about this place... Oh yes, they only give you two towels and they're super threadbare and their cleanliness is questionable.  After attempting to dry myself with one of these I realized it wasn't thick enough to dry both my body and my hair.... so my fiance called housekeeping for some extra towels.  They said that they would drop them off when they came to service our room.  When we got back to our room later that afternoon, our old towels were gone, and we had new towels.  BUT WE STILL ONLY HAD 2 TOWELS.  OMFG.  hahaha Whatever,  I totally give up.  Like I always say.... you get what you pay for. =/
1	Where do I start my review about this place? It's all by itself at the engine of the strip. All the homeless residents of vegas congregate around the Stratosphere. To hound you for change and some get pretty intrusive. The valet service is slow and in back of the resort. I waited 5 to 10 min for a valet attendant to notice me. The bad part is that I was all by myself. Once I checked into my room. I notice a heavy musty odor. I immediately call the front desk about the smell. They ensured me once I leave the room. They would send someone up to deodorize the room and install an ionizer to remove the smell. I go out to get some food and drinks. And returned to a heavily perfumed room of febreeze with a hint of smoke. Not to mention there is no ionizer. I call the front desk and they insured someone would come up immediately. The housekeeper came up with another bottle of deoderizer and started spraying around. I asked about the ionizer and she did not answer me in a dialect of english I understand. You know spanglish. I was fed up with the service enough. I stop calling the front desk and did not tip the house  keepers. And spent my weekend preaching how bad the stratosphere was and recommended people to stay away completely.
1	On top of everything else... they overcharged us for the internet.  Apparently you're only allowed to use one device per room?  Who gives a shit, its the same  access code!  And when I tried to point out that it isn't said anywhere, the front desk guy was a total douchebag.  Whatever, I freaking hate you, Stratosphere.  Oh, and there's no Starbucks on the 108th floor.  Stop lying, assholes.
4	I like it at Stratosphere. I definitely think that if you are on a budget, this is probably one of the best options for you. I really have to say for $50 to $70 per night, it really is very well worth it. It has tons of things to do within the building. + Quick check in during the afternoon. The agent was very nice, helpful, gave me good advice, and I had a very pleasant experience. + The buffet was surprising good. Not extremely extensive but just the right amount of food for me to feel very satisfied, happy, and full. The man in the front gave me a tip to use a certain coupon and I got All You Can Eat for the entire day for just $20!! (Make sure to look in your coupon book they give you when you check in, its the last coupon in the back of the book).+ Included fitness center, which was exactly what I needed. Machines were a little old but they worked well. I loved having free weights as well. (At the Wynn, its $30 per day to use their fitness center- go figure!)+ As a guest, I had unlimited free access to the top of the Stratosphere Tower, while everyone is charged $16 per visit! + Beautiful 360 view of Las Vegas, mountains, etc. I loved it!+ Starbucks in the lobby. + Very accommodating staff in all parts of the hotel. + Cool little arcade in the mall area. +Comfortable room, very basic. - Surprising, what I didn't like the most was that the bathroom products. They are made by a company called ECOFRESH Naturals. The claim to be natural but all the products are filled with tons of harmful and synthetic chemicals. All the products felt super cheap and were really drying on the skin.  It seems like it is quite far from the other main hotels on the strip, but I am staying at the Wynn for the next 2 days so I do not mind. I will be closer then.
4	This place is great when your one a low budget. I paid $29 bucks for a room there, know that I would get the standard room, which cant get any better for a good hotel in Vegas. When I got there, the front desk guy upgraded me to a tower room, which was two upgrades, which was awesome. The 2nd and 3rd time I booked there the same guy upgraded me to a suite. The suite was big, had a living room, dining room, king size bed, walk in closet and a great big bathroom, it had a shower and a jet tub. So after staying there for a few time and only paying $29 for each night, Im totally booking there again.The hotel has 2 shows, which was great to see, One was Bite(vamps) and the other one was superstar(singing).2 pool area, level 8 was for anyone that is 21 under/over and level 25 is an adult pool which clothing was optional and you must be 21 & up.The tower was amazing, you can see the whole strip at night which was beautiful. There are a couple of rides up there, but they are very scary. You must make reservation to go to the tower restaurant and must try out the stratosphere desert, which was to die for.1 starbucks, and the lines are crazy long in the mornings.Valet is free, super awesomeThey have a buffet where you pay $25 for all day dining and $19.99 for drinks all day.Atmosphere was great, everyone is very nice and welcoming.1 thing that sucked is that the hotel is at the way end of the strip.
4	The Strat is a decent place, especially if you don't want to pour all of your cash into a room that your not really in that much anyway. I have stayed here 3 times and will make it my 4th  this week. I never had any big issues here. The rooms were clean, and they stay on top of keeping them up. I had the maid walk in on me while i was half naked in the window sill looking at the mountains and the view, OOPS , I didn't hear her knock.  The vibe there is cool, I have met some nice and friendly people there from staff to fellow customers. The rides are fun, they are not any different from some rides at the amusement park, except there are wicked high up which makes it fun. They have some stores there, the shoe store there has some cute shoes that aren't to pricey, and you can usually get another pair half price or whatever. They have a live band in one of their clubs in the casino on some nights.... its ok, before I would go out, I would have some drinks there and listen to the band.  The spa is decent there. The gym is ok, not great, but who's really working out that hard in Vegas?? Basically I like the place . It serves its purpose while not breaking my wallet so I can spend that for other overpriced things on the strip. I don't mind that it's at the end of the strip. It's not like its in another city or something, get on the bus or take a cab, suck it up, its not that serious people. The wi-fi issue there I don't know about because I don't bring my lap top, so..... I guess that sucks for you if you do bring one. Its near downtown which some people bitch about the area. Again, suck it up. Its not  like its freakin NYC in the 80's. If you don't  know what I mean, lets just say it was really really really freakin bad. Its no different from another other hood I seen really. Just get to where you need to be and know your surroundings, which you should do no matter where your traveling....duh.  Stratosphere is decent and affordable, you just may be surprised.  There.....I put the stamp of approval on it so its ALLLLLLLL GOOD
4	I've stayed at the Strat a few different times while in Vegas. It's great if you're working on a budget and don't really care where you're staying. It's way down at the end of the Strip, almost at Fremont St. it's a hike and a half to get anywhere central - a "quick" walk down the block to the Sahara and then a ride on the tram can get you anywhere tho.If you go I would not suggest staying in a "normal" cheapie room. They're not exactly the best. However I've been upgraded to a suite almost every time and the suites are some of the best rooms they have.Good hotel, decent gamibling and some so-so shows. Overall, a pretty good experience!
1	Oh, well, now that I am over it, I can calmly and logically write a review. Of course, it is all my fault that I hadn't planned in advance: booking a room in Las Vegas for New Year's Eve on December 25th - ba-a-a-a-ad idea! Because what you are left with is a very overpriced and inconveniently-located room in a Motel 6-type hotel practically on the outskirts of the main strip. Bathroom was so small that I, being 5'5", could barely turn around in it - everything was in the way; and the sink was in the main room! The TV had only about 10 normal channels, all the other ones were pay-per-jerk porn channels. Another low point: at the check-in, I was given a "Fun Book" with coupons to various stores and restaurants in or in the vicinity of the hotel. Well, what do you say! 95% of them had the expiration date of 12/24/09. Lame-o! Why even give it to me?The only positive thing about it was that to see the fireworks on New Year's Eve, we didn't have to go far, as they were shooting them off the Stratosphere Tower. So there - one star!
2	Nickel and dimed.That's how I describe my experience at this hotel.  They immediately upsold me to an upgraded "premium" room at check in for an additional $10 (down from $30, so they said) a night. On top of that, there was an additional "resort fee" of $7.50 a night.  Both were total shams - if I got a premium room, I'd hate to see the regular room.  Also, resort fee for what?  This is not a resort.  Put a daily (optional) WiFi fee of $12/daily on top of that and I checked out with over $100 of additional charges for my stay.  Poor form for a hotel that doesn't necessarily have much going for it.
3	You get what you pay for, seriously. This isn't some luxury, posh hotel, if it was do you think they'd be charging 30 bucks a night? Probably not. yes its at the end of the strip a good 2 miles. there's a monorail nearby at the sahara, but you can always cab it. Let's face it, when in Vegas you're not there to sleep or stay in your hotel room. You're here to eat buffets, drink, drink a lot, gamble, throw dice, pull slots, watch shows, go sky diving, go to the strip clubs. hell there's so much to do there, you'd be in your hotel room, to shower, change clothes! You can sleep on the plane back.The dealers here are pretty funny and friendly. They have $5 tables. hell why not? My friend got a bunch of stuff compted there. It was pretty awesome. Pulled the giant slot machine, won money, and walked out. They also have a bottomless drink thing going on at the c-bar. Its only valid on draft, margaritas and martini's, 19.99 and you just keep drinking.We booked this room on priceline. it was pretty good. if you're going to vegas to stay in the hotel then go elsewhere. then again if you're going ot vegas to stay in the hotel then just stay home.
1	Ehhh.....well I didn't stay here, in fact I was only here about 45 minutes, but I still feel compelled to write a review.On a recent trip to Vegas, my friends and I decided to take a trip to the Stratosphere and go on the rides. It's $15 just to go to the top of the tower. $15!!! And on top of that, you still have to pay for the rides. Needless to say, I wasn't paying that much. While I waited for some of my friends to go on the ride, I wandered around the hotel. The stratosphere is definitely showing it's age, the carpets are worn, the decor is dated, it just looked kind of dirty. I played a couple slot machines trying to score free drinks, and bought a sweet fanny pack in the gift shop, but the whole hotel was just kind of dead. I would definitely not stay here
2	So I was looking for a cheap stay in Vegas while at the CES and I found it here. Like many others have said this isn't a fancy pants hotel but i was just looking for a bed to sleep in and the Strat did exactly that! We weren't that far from the strip & there was a very convenient monorail to and from the convention center. The only real downfall I had was the wi-fi. I have my own interweb card and couldn't log on for my life! For that reason and that reason only I will not be staying at the Strat in the future.
3	The room was really nice and really updated. You get what you pay for but I mean it was decent. It wasn't extravagant but it was clean and had a nice pool. The rides at the top are really expensive but you should at least try it once cuz they are fun!
4	We recently stayed at The Stratosphere for my 21st birthday. It's on the completely opposite end of the strip from all of the major hotels (MGM, Caesars, etc), which made it really nice because we spent all day on the strip and it was nice to get away from the crowds and relax at the end of the day. It's one of the cheaper hotels that is actually on the strip, so it's a pretty good deal. It is in NO way within walking distance to the other sites, but we grabbed some monorail tickets ($30 for a three day pass) which took us pretty close to where we were heading. The view from the tower is amazing, especially at night. It was also nice that it had it's own small shopping mall so you could buy whatever you needed, or grab a quick lunch before heading to the strip. The room was pretty plain, nothing elaborate. Nice comfy king bed. You're (hopefully) not going to spend much time in your room anyway, so it's really not that big of a deal. They've got a decent sized casino, a few decent bars (I really like C Bar in the middle of the casino, except for their uneccessarily loud music), a burger joint, a buffet, an italian restaurant, AND A MCDONALDS! They also have a pizza place that is pretty good. Also, there is a Fat Tuesday in the shopping area so you can get your giant margarita before heading out for the day. Also, by staying here you get 2 for 1 passes to their amusement rides on top of the tower, and the their vampire burlesque show 'Bite'. All in all I'd say that if you're not concerned about having a fancy schmancy room and are looking for a great deal, the stratosphere is the way to go. I would definately stay here again.
4	When we came to Vegas in October we actually stayed here first then moved on to Luxor.  I don't like the location on the strip cause it's waaaaay down on the north side and we don't typically frequent there.  It's also not connected to anything so if you want to go anywhere expect to trek it, take a taxi, or drive. Stratosphere was remodeled a few years back from what I've heard so the rooms aren't too shabby and the bed was more comfortable than the bed at the Luxor.  We booked the package online and got free breakfast buffets for the both of us as well as some other coupons.  One of which allowed us to access the tower and observation deck at no extra cost (normally $15.95 per adult). Since we are on a budget this allowed us to get some extra activities in at no additional cost to us, which was nice. This is a decent, budget style, on-strip hotel that provided us with what we needed for our short stay :)
2	Pluses: - Free/unlimited observatory admission when you show your room key (no ticket required; $15.95 value), nice to see the town at night and in the morning;- Comfortable king-sized bed;- Cheap room rates;- Decent brunch buffet;- Two block walking distance from nearest monorail stop at Sahara (beats taking a cab).Minuses:- Room smelled like sewer and bleach;- Bathtub was small and arched under your feet instead of being flat;- $10 per night upcharge for larger room (only adds a den area);- Weird annoying sounds (like carts rolling and high-pitched pressure from pipes during the day and night);- Walk with a buddy at night;- Furthest from airport and thus most expensive;- Casino just so-so (too many electronic theme games, all "7s" and "Bar" slots were manual).Hotel was ok to stay in, seeing as that we were gone for most of the days, but I wouldn't stay here again.
3	It was summer 2009.. my 1st time in Vegas.. We stayed in Stratosphere. I like this hotel. Nice rooms, good service and beautiful view. One thing: It's not in the centre and we had to spend a lot of money for the taxi.. my friends stayed in Excalibur and it's worse than Stratosphere. It's a good place, but bad location.
3	I stayed here for a one night stay so that I could go to a wedding;the price is RIGHT!Bathroom a little small - we did not upgrade although the front desk asked us if we wanted to. The beds and room were clean.Downstairs they have an awesome shoe shine - even if you don't stay you should get the guys here to give you a shoe shine.The neighbourhood doesn't look the nicest as it is poorer and there are a few vagrants that might ask for change (not is a really persistent way), however, I would prefer to walk around here than on the rest of the strip where those guys (and girls) keep giving you the 'modelling' magazines!All in all, if they keep the prices reasonable this is a great place to stay if you don't mind a walk or taxi to the rest of the Strip
3	You get what you pay for kids. My friends and I booked a room here for CHEAP (for 5 days we only spent $300) and we weren't expecting much. They don't have free internet, the casino has a crap ventilation system so even though I was smoking (it goes well with my alcohol) even I was sick of always reeking like an ashtray. The smoking floors stink like it as well and none of the windows open for fresh air, which is disappointing. The food options are limited, it's at the north end of the strip away from everything, and the garbage on the street reminds you that the surrounding neighborhood isn't that great. Our first night some drunken idiots next door came back to their room and made one hell of a racket. The hotel handled them quickly and we didn't really have any problem with them after that. I will say that I felt like one of the more uppity individuals on our floor. There were several drunken fights between couples and one even had their kid in the room (all class baby) that we had to contend with. For what we paid I didn't expect much, however, the next time I visit I'll spend more to be in the middle of the strip and away from the toothless wonders I was surround by here.
3	I went with my fiance for a weekend away for the primary purpose of going to a particular concert.Here's my sum-up:Bad things:1) Internet is $12/24 hours, and when I tried to get it, it wouldn't work (and this was not user error)2) When we checked in, the room we got had NOT been serviced (empty beer bottles, unmade beds, etc.)3) Getting around the building is kind of cumbersome4) $8/night 'resort fee'5) Middle-class patrons6) At the very very end of the StripGood things:1) INEXPENSIVE!  We paid $55/night (+$8/night "resort fee") for a weekend recently (a.k.a., pretty prime time for Vegas visiting, in my opinion)2) Adequate food available in-building -- sit-down restaurants, McDonald's, taco shop, pizza3) Fat Tuesday's -- they have one upstairs and I love it - basically alcoholic slushees4) Two pools (though we used neither)5) But it's still on the strip6) Cool rides at the top if you're an adrenaline junkie - or just nice viewsAll in all, we used our room for sleeping/resting/showering/etc, spent time in the casino for gambling (we're quarter-slots-type people), and drove our car or walked to any other place on the Strip that we wanted to go.Bottom line: good value for what we paid.  Recommended if you want inexpensive but want to be in a casino and ON the Strip.
3	This place was just what we were looking for; a cheep roof over our heads while in Vegas. We had the kids so I didn't care about the gambling and we were not drinking so we didn't care if we had to drive to the main part of the strip. So.....perfect. I liked the "mall" it was doing something without dranging the stroller and diaper bag in and out of the car. I kept telling our 3 year old that we have to find kids gameS (he wanted to gave a go at the slot machines) and we found an arcade and had a good time! The tower was cool I thought the view was amazing! I  might stay here again but everywhere eles looks so new and cool I really wanna try somewhere different.
2	Stratosphere just doesn't capture the Vegas experience very well. It's way to far to walk to the actual Strip. The rooms their are not impressive at all. I stayed here years ago when I first visited Vegas. A friend booked everything so I had no idea. It was cheap of course, but I would rather spend the extra and have the complete experience. Since then I've been staying at the Venetian/Palazzo, and I've never looked back. Oh yeah.... I gave them (stratosphere) an extra star because their buffet is pretty good for the money.
1	This Place sucks! Everything their website says they have they don't. I asked for a single room with a king I got a room with two queens. The food is overpriced and mediocre, the revolving restaurant has awful service and the food is served lukewarm and tastes like garlic. I had to pay 12 dollars a day for internet. The pool closes at 7 pm, and the adults-only pool on the 25th floor is closed even though the website and front desk told me in February it would be open in march. The Stratosphere is at the very very end of the strip in a terrible neighborhood so it takes an hour just to get to the middle of the strip. Then there is that pesky 8 dollar resort fee that you must pay for, what's that 8 dollars for the pool closes at 7, there is no continental breakfast, no coin laundry, no comps and only like 4 English speaking non-hotel channels not to mention that you don't even get a damn coffee pot. i hate this place and i'm stuck here until Tuesday.Like I told those Brits on the bus, it looks a lot nicer than it is.
3	My first time staying in Vegas I stayed at the Stratosphere hotel and casino because I had no one to help me research a good hotel to stay in while I was there.....well let me start with the good.....the hotel you can see from anywhere in the city that doesnt sleep, and they have 3 extremely couragous rides here but you have to be nuts to get on those sky high rides that hang off of the hotel roof(they literally do!!) There are so many floors of fun things to do and places to eat, especially the buffets. The casino is saturated with cigaretter smoke and its not a good smell if you do not smoke, ciggarettes ofcourse. The downside to this monumental hotel and casino is that it is located at the end of the strip where the ghetto begins! It doesnt seem like it is too far from the strip but looks are decieving because it takes forever to the clubs, or the boxing matches. If I go  back to vegas I am staying at the Wynn.
3	The stratosphere is pretty much where you wanna go in Vegas if you wanna stay somewhere cheap and have a car. It's super far from the strip and doesn't really have anything going on in the hotel itself.  It's not a bad place per se .I just don't think I'd ever stay there again based on the location and lack of stuff to do at the hotel.
3	We ended up staying here after our horrible experience at South Point, the price difference was only around sixty dollars, not too bad for a hotel/casino that's on the Strip (like 1 mile or 2 away from the Strip).Just a tip, it's highly recommended you take a cab or car with you. It's all free parking at all the parking garages anyways, the only downside is the traffic you'll get at night (thanks to your local drunkies, bad drivers, and pedestrians). Unless you want to be in total pain the next day cause you're walking in heels from one side of the Strip to the other, don't try walking, cause you'll be limping the next day.The shower water smells like bleach and I had to make an effort to get into the shower cause they thought it would be funny to raise the tub a couple inches above the ground. Short Asian girl + raised tub = lulz for boyfriend. Bring your own toiletries, the ones they supply are not to great, something about being eco-friendly, so I guess you have to give them some credit for that. Don't bring your laptop to facebook it up, cause the internet here costs money, and that's money that you can spend losing to the dealer at Blackjack (which was not me, by the way).
3	My family goes to Vegas two or three times a year. We stay here almost every time - I've also stayed in Circus Circus, Tropicana, and Bally's. I've literally stayed here more than a dozen times.The rooms are okay, nothing fancy. The comforters are made of a cheap material, so they aren't very soft to the touch, but they're warm. The suites with the two beds and a couch are pretty nice, and they have jacuzzi bathtubs which are nice, and some of them have an additional shower (with a fold-down seat - convenient if you have a disability). No free internet, which is a little annoying. The pool is great, but this past year it was extremely crowded. It also used to have nice fake-rock decoration, but they recently took that all down, which is a bummer. The gym is tiny, just a few bikes and treadmills really, but it was clean. The store by the pool is overpriced, but honestly, that's no big surprise. The shops are nothing special. I always like to walk around these shops anyway. There are a few clothing stores, one of which has designer-priced clothes that are nothing special. There's a few knick-knack shops, which are pretty neat. There's a small toy store, a leather store, a few others. It's a long walk to get to the end of the shops, and no easy way to get back - you walk all the way one way, and all the way back. Not a whole lot of late-night dining options - Lucky's Cafe, McDonald's, and Starbucks, essentially. The restaurants are all right. The buffet is a generic Vegas buffet. It's reasonably priced and they have a lot to offer, and the servers are generally nice. Roxy's diner is another generic diner. The wait staff will sing, which is pretty neat, and they are usually conversation-heavy. The food is tasty but maybe a little pricey for a burger and coke. Fellini's restaurant is a good one, for sure. the steak is pretty good, and their pasta is good too. The waiters are all experienced and know what they're talking about, and though I don't drink, they have an extensive bar. The desserts are also pretty amazing.The location is... well, less than perfect. It's a loooong walk just about everywhere, and the public transportation is packed to the brim. The traffic is usually bad directly on the strip, but using backroads makes it more convenient - bring a car if you stay here!!! If you're looking for a central location on the strip, look elsewhere for sure! It's not a bad place, but considering the many options you have in Vegas, it's not that great. I'd personally be willing to shell out a few extra bucks for a better location, since in the summer it's very, very hot and not really walking weather (and, yes, it DOES get cold in the winter). If you do stay here, I suggest you spend most of your time in other hotels - this one doesn't have much to offer. The night you come, eat at Fellini's and go up to the top of the tower, but after that you should spend the rest of your time wandering about the other hotels.
3	Can't beat this place when it comes to price.  It's a good spot on the strip, to not be annoyed by traffic.  It's on the southern end, so getting in and out is a cinch.  Food is cheap and reasonable, the machines seems to return and the tables pay off.  When I was getting comped by Strat, I enjoyed the free shows, food and suites.  Wouldn't mind returning... but with over a dozen options, I'll stop by just for kicks. They do have a nice pool and arcade for kids.  The rides on the top of tower and nice too, but pricey.  I recommend buying the all day pass.
3	I've stayed in a few places in Vegas, from the Palazzo to T.I. and the Stratosphere is definitely one of those "you get what you pay for" kind of deals.  My girl got a promotion for us to stay there for 2 nights for free basically so you can't beat that price.  The room was fine, nothing awesome or to write home about.  The location is super far from the heart of The Strip and a lot of the clientele were college kids and country bumpkins.  Bumpkins aside, I found the location to be the biggest detriment, I mean you could walk it and many do, shiet we did once, but it will wear you down pretty quick.  On a high note, there were these two Dueling Piano guys performing and they are crazy good (they do request, they killed it with Montel Jordan).
3	Yeahhhhh.... this is one of those places that's good to stay at when you're a (insert underage number)-year-old with family members on a first or second time visit to Vegas.   Which I was, when I stayed here years ago.That said, I still remember what I did distinctly.  Place is too far from the rest of the Strip, but the rides at the top of the tower are pretty good.  Probably a good way to treat a fear of heights, which I attempted to.  Ugh....f**king shivers. ..... Probably not a good idea to put your grandma on one of those rides.  Or staying at this place if you plan on getting wheelchaired blackout of the MGM, or something of the sort.
3	Great value for the money - I often stay here when I'm visiting on business. Reasonable wifi - and its a few minutes walk away from the Las Vegas Monorail - usually a 10-20 minute ride to the Las Vegas Convention Center. My accommodations were in working order - nothing fancy, just a room, shower, and Internet. No complaints.The view from the tower is nice - and the Casino floor is nice - won and lost some money at that house. All-in-all - reasonable for the price.
4	Did do the rides, BUT, what a view.  Go at Twilight.  Go to the Roof where the rides are at and be amazed by the view. It's breathtaking!
3	To be honest, Stratosphere wasn't my top choice to stay at Las Vegas, but it's a good deal if you want save some money ($44 a person for two nights). The casino is somewhat cheesy and smaller than those mega resorts like the MGM Grand or the Venetian, which I liked because I didn't had to walk forever to our hotel room.We came here for a bachelorette party very early in the morning and our rooms weren't ready. We asked for 2 adjoining rooms, which is why it may of taken so long. Didn't get our rooms until 3pm. So we just went to the buffet and lounged by the pool. My friend said that their pool is very salty. She found out when this kid kept splashing water onto her. We managed to score some shade and the sun was very intense that day. I had to go back and forth between the shade and sun. The rooms were clean and enough space for everyone. Although our view sucked - parking garage and pipes. I didn't really care though.This place isn't packed with young people, so we definitely turned heads in our sexy dresses on our way out for a night of partying. The only downside to this place is that its location. You definitely need a cab if you want to the Venetian or Mirage.
4	Look for the money you cant beat it!  The rooms are clean, functional and spacious.  The view!  you just cant beat the view from the top of the world!
4	I haven't been to Vegas since I was a kid with my parents. Since my friend and I had a full itinerary planned, we decided to go cheap on the hotel, since we'd only be sleeping there anyway.Price was great. I got my room online, straight from the Stratosphere website itself. It was a lot easier then the hotel.com travelocity.com type of websites cause you get to pick your room based on pictures. So you know you don't get those nasty multi colored comforters. They do charge you about 10dollars a day for amenities. Our room with tax and the surcharge was about 50 a night. Considering the best western down the street from my house is 100 a night, that's pretty good. Plus free entry to the tower.I agree that the neighborhood is a little gross. Doesn't seem dangerous, at least to me, but there are a lot of bums you have to walk by. There were two young guys that reeked of urine. Gross.It's a couple good blocks away from the strip, but the Deuce bus is right there and it's cheap. Also one block away at the Sahara is the metrorail. They have a McDonalds there too. So cheap food!. And an ihop a couple doors down. When we went, it was a bit windy, so the rides on the tower were closed.   Boo!!! :{The staff was very friendly to us. Our room was clean. But the first night we were there (Saturday) there were a couple of girls in the hall talking really loud and woke me up. And a couple of door slams. The second night was good though.The casino area isn't the newest, but seriously it's not bad. There were some nasty casinos on the strip. For the cheap hotels, I prefer this one.Plus, we put in a dollar in the slots and won 144. Yeah!
1	I read reviews on this place before my fiance and I went there for my birthday last weekend. I knew it was in the ghetto but we were trying to have fun while still saving money. We figured that since we were getting the Luxury Spa Room and they had free valet parking available (free meaning they tack on an extra $8 a day, but that wasn't a big deal on the whole) we wouldn't have to deal with any of those issues.When we got to the hotel, the room was not much larger than the cheapest motel room we can find here in Long Beach. The "oversized jetted garden tub" advertised on their website was a little bit wider than the average tub but much shorter. I'm only 5'4" and I couldn't lay in the tub, I had to either sit up straight or put my feet out. Not very relaxing. Thanks to the bed and pillows that were so awful I had back pains the entire weekend, I was hoping the "jacuzzi" tub would help sooth me. It made things worse because it was so uncomfortable.When we very politely expressed our disappointment they offered to "do us a favor" and upgrade us to the next room up...for $200. What a nice favor.Even though the room was something like 35% off the normal price, we still feel incredibly ripped off. This was NOT worth the money.We considered leaving and getting a refund but we were so tired we just decided to make due. We went down to the casino and gambled a little. What a terrible place to gamble. Not only do most of the dealers not speak English, they are not very polite. This was my first time in Vegas as an adult and they made me feel like crap for it. They kept snapping at me in Vietnamenglish and it got to the point that I just couldn't stay there anymore. They had me on the brink of tears just for not knowing how to properly play blackjack.The first night was just terrible because I was scared to even go outside to get the car. The view of the out-of-business hotel with the broken down fence and the bums walking through traffic asking people in their cars for money made me so nervous that we just stayed at the hotel instead of going somewhere to enjoy ourselves. I live in downtown Long Beach, I'm not afraid of bums, but this place looked so shady that I thought we might be shanked.The view from the top was alright. I suppose I'd have enjoyed it more if it didn't just accentuate the fact that our room had a view of a parking garage.The one positive about this place is Roxy's, their 24-hour diner. They had a very nice, very friendly staff. There was a long wait but the atmosphere was nice. The food is expensive but understandably so. And frankly, it was incredibly delicious.Bottom line: I would not recommend this place to anyone, ever. There are better places you could stay at for the same price.
1	I stayed in the Stratosphere last memorial day weekend with a friend and let me tell you that it was THE WORST hotel experience in my life. I have stayed in many hotels while vacationing before and none of them turned out this bad. The hotel looks great from the outside and has decent gambling tables but the rooms are horrible. In our room the light in the bathroom didnt work, their was stains on the door and the walls. Our room got burglarized the second night i was there!!! we reported it to the management immediately. We were told that they have it on video and they would take the matter seriously. When i left on Tuesday, this was 3 days after the incident, they said that they would contact us later to let us know what happened. I was furious that i spent 200 dollars on a hotel in vegas that did not even care about my safety of my belongings. I got a call a week later and they told me a "white male entered our room and stole our belongings" but they did not know who. WHAT BS!!!. They refused to provide us a copy of the tape. Anyways to make a long story short mine and my partner's wallet, cellphone, and cash were all stolen from the room in the STRATOSPHERE and they refused to help us out in any way. The management told us this kind of thing happens all the time, there are door pushers that go around seeing if one of the doors might budge. Our belonging were in their protection and they f**ked us. DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL, they are unfriendly and will steal anything they can from you. Thank you for reading this post.
3	So as you're landing at the airport this is one of the first casinos you notice because it's just so darn tall.  It used to be a cool spot for me to check out when I was a child since there are roller coasters at the top.However, this is an older hotel so they haven't done much renovations.  It's at the far end of the strip so unless you really have to check it out, I would just say skip it.
2	It isn't great but it isn't aweful either. I would have to classify The Stratosphere as a lower to mid level Casino/Resort as it isn't swank yet it isn't the worst though it could be better. The rooms are cheap (when it comes to Vegas, that doesn't count for much though.) Basically stay here if you must but if you absolutely have to go to Las Vegas I would recommend booking early or getting a cheaper place as I paid 210 for just two nights. Be prepared for an underwhelming experience at an underwhelming resort. The only thing this place has going for it is its tower, other than that I would advise travelers to go to locations closer to the strip.
4	Stayed here last month on my first trip to Vegas. The room was clean but small, a little outdated, but I honestly didn't spend much time in it except to sleep.
3	OK so this hotel its good for its price. I was offered a upgrade as I check in for just $10 a night to a better room with a view and other amenities. Thank God I did upgrade I do not want to find out about the rest of the rooms. With that said, not the best location on the strip, its far from everything else, but you do have the monorail 2 blocks away. The 50's style dinner was very good and also the buffet was very nice. The have a nice private "topless" pool for adults witch was very nice and a ++ and the regular pool has a nice ambiance and view (you get to see a bunch of people jumping from the top of the observation deck) It's a family oriented hotel and good if your on a budget!
2	Uncomfortable beds, tiny cramped rooms, and too far away from everything. I guess you can't beat the price, though - hence the two stars. And the tourists are great to hustle at the poker table. Oh, and the blackjack dealers are all scantily dressed and dolled up - so that's a plus if you like that sort of stuff.
3	Second time that me and my boyfriend have came here in the last year. Reason for only the 3-star is because its exactly as its called a-ok we probably will come back, its reasonably priced and the casino is pretty nice. It is located on the south end of the strip so if your looking for somewhere near the "heart" of the strip this isn't the place but it is only a 10-12 dollar ish cab ride depending on the traffic. The beds were fairly comfortable, and it had its only "sitting area" if you will with a tv and mini fridge. The bathroom is very very small, but the sink is outside so that does help. Overall like I said in the beginning chances are we will return because it is cheap and is "a ok"
3	Located on the farther end of the strip the Stratosphere offers all the amenities you need without the center of Vegas prices. I'm a fan of the roof top pool with gorgeous mountain views and the renovations they're doing to the place with surely help to bring the cost effective crowds down from the center of the strip. If you're in Vegas an want to spend more on the tables and shows than a bed you may not sleep in, stay here, just grab the Deuce to get to the action.
3	The place is ghetto. Talk about run down and old. You get what you pay for. The rooms are DARK, small and a little eerie. The hotel is located at the furthest end of the strip- not convenient for going out on the strip. The beds looks like they haven't been changed/washed in ages... but I suppose that goes a long with the 'you get what you pay for' theory. The bathrooms are small and the casino isn't plush whatsoever. However, there is a good Italian restaurant on the 1st floor which is pretty decent, worth checking out.
1	Good value spot. My situation doesn't apply to most...I'm just annoyed that when I had an issue with a Stratosphere employee, and when I complained about it, they put me in touch with that exact person.  SERIOUSLY STRATOSPHERE MANAGEMENT! WHY WOULD YOU ALLOW AN  EMPLOYEE TO CONTACT A GUEST AND ARGUE WITH THEM?? What purpose does this serve? Obviously they are going to defend their job...i would too in that situation! All you had to do is have some bottom rung CSR give me a call and smooth it over and I would have been fine...I would have even came back.Pluses:PriceLow Traffic to get thereDecent viewUnlimited happy hourTower is awesomeMinuses:Far from strip...like 30 dollar one way cab ride farLong checkinBuilding is datedSome staff is surly surly
2	Stayed here on our first night, and thankfully it was only for that day.  The place is kind of old and out of date.  Of course it was free with the comps so I couldn't complain but this is probably one of the low places I have stayed at.  Since I didn't go up the tower the first time I came here, I decided to check out the top.  I can't believe they actually charge people to go up.  There's nothing really there but a high view with magnified view finders.  You still have to pay extra to ride the rides that they have.  They got this new controlled bungie jumping ride that looks pretty intense especially since it's 110 degrees outside right now.  Other than that I would say to save your money, and go somewhere else.  We probably spent like 10 minutes up there before going back down.  All in all, if you're only in Vegas for a couple of days, skip this place altogether and do something else.
3	Bleh, run of the mill Vegas resort. Paid $30 a night for room. Parking is free. Internet is $11.99 a day. Food is reasonable but no cheap steals like some other hotels. Rooms contain only the bare essentials but were clean and well maintained.Casino is large. $5 minimum on tables. Would only stay again if it was cheap.
4	I think this hotel is awesome and had the most comfortable beds. You get coupons well we did when we stayed and I really liked that. I thought it was really a great hotel because it has more to offer than just a casino. It was clean
4	Great value!  I recommend getting a room on the 24th floor, which was recently renovated and still smells brand-new.  It was a very comfortable and nicely decorated room for a fraction of the price of other strip hotels.  What I loved the most was the 25th floor adult-only and European pool (i.e. top optional).  Despite the occasional "creeper", the pool was refreshing and so very relaxing!  No screaming kids and strong drinks make for a great sunning experience!
4	Camped out for a week in one of the new suites on the 24th floor.  Breathtaking views from my room and the revolving rooftop restaurant!  Customer service in this hotel was excellent all around and my steak at Top of the World was one of the best I've ever had.  I also loved the little casino lounge as there was someone to talk to every time I sat and sipped wine by myself.  The servers were extra friendly, too.  My only complaint is housekeeping.  Not sure why my room was not stocked with tissue or toilet paper but I had the Do Not Disturb sign on my door for the majority of my stay and when I did request service from housekeeping, they were routinely negligent when it came to stocking items in my bathroom.  Perhaps there's a one t.p. roll at a time policy?  Not sure.  But I sure didn't like having to track down housekeeping just to request some basics.    I will definitely stay here again so long as they continue to treat me like a princess!  I love the unpretentious feel of the Stratosphere.  Two quick notes to self:  Check out pool, and bungee jump off roof!
3	Promised a non-smoking room... only one problem, there are no non-smoking rooms... only smoking optional. Room service food was average.
2	My room had a used washcloth in it when I checked-in.When I asked an employee a basic question about the hotel, the person gave me incorrect information.There was a heavy smoke smell.The view from the top of the tower is pretty cool.
2	"You get what you pay for" is the best way to describe this place. It's really a collection of little things that drag this place down...As far as appearances go it's nothing to write home about. The most impressive thing is the tower. It's on the northern end of the strip, far away from most of the action. Luckily we rented a car so travel to and from wasn't an issue. In the plus column there was always plenty of self-parking.  There is a small, shady hotel across the street that was pretty old. I wouldnt have been surprised if a crazy person had run out of it and tried to start something. I dont know what people on here are talking about, our check-in was a breeze. We got to the hotel well before our check-in time and were easily able to get a room.  Yeah, about the rooms...The rooms are pretty basic: dresser with drawers, a nightstand, ironing board, flat-screen television, small table with 2 chairs. It's pretty much like a Motel 6. The decor was pretty "blah" and looked like something out of the late 90s/early 00's. One important thing was missing from our room: an alarm clock! The only way you know what time it is is to turn on the TV or use your phone/watch. The remote to our TV was wonky, you had to press the buttons several times to get anything to work. The bathroom is small, but it does the job. The tub is unusually tall and I almost slipped when I was stepping out of it.  There's room service available, but the pages were placed inside our book backwards and upside down. Weird.The service we received was OK. My friend noticed that the sheets on his bed had not been changed on his bed, but was OK with it since we were hardly ever there. Night 2 rolls around and we notice that his sheets STILL hadnt been changed despite a service sign on the door. It's like they just made the bed but never cleaned the sheets. It was my first time in Vegas and I take this as a lesson learned. It was just OK, but I'll definitely stay on the southern end at one of the nicer places the next time I visit.
3	I wanted to spend an extra night in Vegas, so I turned to Hotwire to see what they would give me.  I was kind of worried since the mammoth Orleans hotel sold out every single one of their thousands of rooms for Friday night because of the Mr. Olympia contest going on in town.  Amazingly, I was able to get a hotel on the Strip for a mere $68 which was less than half of the rack rate for that night.  I was leery at first though.  I never bothered visiting the Stratosphere before in all of my other trips to Vegas.  Yes, it's on the Strip, but it is so far away from all of the action.  And aren't they kind of gimmicky with that free-falling, tower views, and everything?  Rest assured though, I had a pleasant stay.  It really all began with the check-in which was so warm and hospitable -- thanks, Nancy!  She hooked me up with a coupon which allowed me either a free bloody mary, a glass of champagne, or ceviche at the Top of the World restaurant which is where I promptly had lunch.  Guests at the hotel have free access to the tower and all of the great views which is definitely a good value.  The room itself was pretty simple though, especially by Vegas standards.  The bed was comfortable, but the bathroom was tiny and there was no hint of luxury to be found.  For a single night and for what little I paid, I couldn't complain though.  The casino didn't seem that big and the scantily clad card dealers weren't really my thing.  I ultimately found myself driving to the MGM Grand for my entertainment.  Recommend for the budget conscious and those looking for a short stay.
4	Unique property with unique offerings- the rides, the observation deck, shops, and the restaurant "Top of the World." When I first moved here, Vegas World casino stood there with Bob Stupak as the owner. The sign fell off when there was high winds (just like the Hilton's did too). Everyone thought Bob Stupak was crazy when he brought up the project, but the tower was slated to be much taller and failed; it would've been a flight pathway obstruction- so they settled on a height of half of the original plans.Small casino on floor level (cafe & gift shop), shops on second level (more variety, Ben & Jerry's, McDonald's, etc.), and observation deck/rides/restaurant at the top. (BTW, We can hear the screaming from our backyard, until 1 am). The elevator reaching the top is pretty fast. When this place first opened, there wasn't a rule that you couldn't be up against the slanted window panes. Yeah, it's freaky. But they stopped that- guessing, heavier weights cannot be supported, which makes sense; wouldn't want a lawsuit. There are telescopes up there. The buffet is ok- went there a few times. The pool is supposed to be really nice (read the reviews). Saw the "American Storm" show here at Polly Esters club- I don't know what it's called now or if it's still being used. I haven't been to the restaurant but my husband has and it's very pricey $$$.
1	I am rating the hotel. Oh my gosh. What a piece of junk. The first time I arrived to Vegas was with two friends. We were pretty excited and we were told to stay at the Stratosphere because of the rides, entertainment, young people, and for the cheap rate. My expectations were not huge;however, they were not low either. When we received our hotel room key from the friendly receptionist, we went straight up to our room. The hotel room looked like a replica of a 1980s motel. The room smelled dingy and the bathroom was small. The bed spread was pretty bad in the sense that it looked old. The bed was not comfortable and I noticed that there was lack of security. The lighting in our room was pretty terrible as well. Our room was looking out away from the strip, towards the mountains. At 3 am, we noticed a drug transaction going on outside of our window. (We were not ground floor but we were on the 6th floor if I remember correctly). Believe it or not, we didn't stay out too long because behind the hotel, the area is pretty bad. Our stay at this hotel and casino was pretty miserable. Save your money and don't give it to this old dingy place.
3	I recently stayed here for 5 nights (in town for a friends wedding).  The staff was extremely friendly and helpful.  The room - while basic - provided all the necessities (even had a flat screen!).  The floor I stayed on was apparently just remodeled.  The observation deck on top provided an incredible view of the strip at night.  Several economical dining options were also provided (in the mall area, as well as roxy's diner).  The only reason I give it three stars is that cigarette stench permeated the casino floor.  The smoke smell also seemed to travel through the walls into the room we were staying in.  Additionally, the hotel is located at the far end of the strip. This requires guests to either have to take a cab (cost prohibitive), rent a car (annoying), or take the deuce bus (painful).  All in all, I had a pleasant stay and recommend the Stratosphere for the budget traveler.
3	This only got three stars because I wasnt impressed by the rooms and location of the hotel. Compared to other hotels in vegas (minus the circus circus because I have no idea who would want to stay at the creepy place) it wasn't great. But it was cheap so I guess you get what you pay for.
4	I think this place is hit or miss.  My boyfriend and I booked a last minute Vegas Vay-Cay to hook up with some family members who were gonna be in town for a couple days.  We got decent priced rooms (under $100) less than 24 hours before our trip, and it was completely worth it.  The casino isn't very large, and location- wise, it's not in the heart of the strip, but I think there were less drunken crazies because of that, and it was still a quick cab ride to Caesar's.  Stratosphere is also just a couple blocks from the Las Vegas outlets on Charleston.The rooms looked like they were just remodeled and had flat screen TVs and updated furniture.  Bedding and bathroom were clean, but minus one star for the weird lighting in the bathroom... I felt like I was taking a shower in the dark.Other than that, the overall experience was great for a last minute weekend escape :)
3	I went there once in 07 and was unimpressed.  This time I was not disappointed, which isn't saying much.  Can't complain about the room, pretty mediocre.  Ended up here on Priceline.  Figure a $12 cab ride to the central strip and $7.50 a night resort fee with nothing cool to go with it.My big problem with the place is the clientele.  Pseudo-rednecks and foreigners who don't know the score on the strip.  They smoke, they drink a lot and they are rude, makes it unpleasant to lose my money in the casino.
3	We went on bookit.com and decided to be a little spontaneous so we did the Mystery Booking where for $22 you don't know what hotel you'll get to you actually pay/book the hotel.  But they guarantee it's off the strip and at least a 3.5 star hotel.  We got the Stratosphere.  I thought ok, I never been here before, should be fun.  My husband didn't seem that excited though.The hotel was nice, we upgraded for an extra $20/night for the hot tub/wide screen room (originally we got a standard room).  The room was nice, nothing too different than what I seen before.  The hot tub was in the bathroom which also served as a shower too.  It fits two people comfortable side by side.  It felt nice after a 3 hr car ride the first night.  The 2nd night, I was over it maybe because my husband had turned it up so hot.  I couldn't breathe.  The bed was hard that it made my back hurt.  Somebody took our "Do Not Disturb" sign off of door on the 2nd day.  I didn't like the shady looking apartment/hotel across the street.  It looked scary like we had taken a wrong turn somewhere.  I don't know if I would come back here again especially when there are so many other hotels that we would still like to try on the strip.  But not too bad for $44/night Mystery Booking.
3	Why the stratosphere? First this is really not on the strip it's pretty distant from any action worth while of a vegas trip but...* Clean Rooms - Though smaller then others I've had they did well with their new renovated rooms. * Large Casino - For the size of the hotel the tables and slots were plentiful. Players club card is easy to obtain points and get to their highest level.* Tower - with it's lounges and 'top of the world' restaurant it's pretty unique to vegas. * Insanity Rides at the Stratosphere - Here for $40 you can enjoy being shot from a base and have a zero g's  falling experience with an awesome view. A roller coaster like ride which take you off the edge and drops down simulating a free fall. And a spinning car ride which takes you 45' out from the tower and spins you angled at the ground. Really a good time.* Cheap - Really cheap.* C-bar - Not a hip night club more like a dive bar but from 6-9p all you can drink draft beers ( excluding their microbeers ) , margarita and cock tails.
2	The Stratosphere seems to get more and more ghetto as the years go on. I'm guessing the reason it has trouble keeping up with the times is because it's surrounded by the grit and sleaze of the Naked City, and it's just so far away from everything. The mall is laughable. There's a pretzel place in there which I grabbed a pretzel from in my Journey to Nowhere, and the pretzel kind of saved my life, but the whole Journey to Nowhere is a completely different story. The mall of the Stratosphere is a strange mashup of Beijing and Paris, it fails on both counts, and all of the stores sell overpriced, tourist trap junk. You know what else is laughable? The showroom. If you walk past it when a show is going on, you can hear EVERYTHING. There's also a translucent window behind the the theater bar, so if you sit there and look closely, you can see whatever show is playing for free. Both of their shows (American Superstars and Bite) look like crap so it's probably better to try and see it for free anyway rather than waste your money. Suggestions: Close down the buffet since it seems to have lost all hope and buy up the surroundings so the neighborhood will be more aesthetically appealing. I'm shocked the Stratosphere hasn't been closed, the only thing it really has going for it are the rides, restaurant and observation deck on top of the tower.
4	Hell, for $30 how can you complain??? Its a long, but fun walk from the main strip.  Make it a night by stopping into every casino and dive bar you can on your way home.
4	I've come to this casino several times because of a Star Trek Convention. Contrary to what others say, it is on the strip. It's still located on the same boulevard as all those other casinos. The food at Roxy's Diner is pretty good. Burgers are juicy and tasty and their milk shakes are served in a plastic model of the Stratosphere that's 18 inches high. The Courtyard Buffet or The Buffet is just awesome. I ate there almost every evening. They had one of the largest buffets in Vegas. The prime rib is the best. It's tasty, juicy, and tender. Almost as tender as cutting the meat with your fork. I'm not kidding. Together with the au jus is the best. Don't go the Rio for their Buffet (even though it's the largest for the casinos). They didn't even have prime rib. What is that all about?
3	Enjoyed my 3-day stay on the 21st floor of this place.  I didn't realize it was at the end of the strip when I made a reservation.  Great view from the 108th floor of the tower.  There is a revolving restaurant at the top where you have to make reservations for a table 1 day earlier.  The swimming pool on the 8th floor is fun.  Wasn't too happy with the food court though.  There was a Mexican restaurant, a Mc Donald's, Krispy Kreme and a Starbucks.   Our flight was early in the morning so we checked out around 3 am.  There was no water coming out of the taps because of some repairs so we had to put up with that :(  The casino is huge and I got lost on my way at times.  The assistants over there won't be of any help if you ask them questions about how those gaming machines work.
3	This is a good place to stay as long as you know what you're getting yourself into.  It's on the high north end of the strip.  To get to most places you will need to take a shuttle or bus.  But this didn't stop me from having a good time, you can drink on the bus, and you can treat the ride like a tour!  This place is walking distance to a few other ghetto casino/hotels like Cirus Circus.  It is also closer to "old vegas" than most others more south on the strip. The hotel is relatively new, and well looked after.  They have rides that actually look pretty fun.  The roulette tables here have low $5 minumums which i really liked.  I would recommend this place to anyone going to vegas for the first time on a fixed budget.  The quietness of the hotel will let you gamble in peace.  Derek
3	The hotel isn't that nice, but we stay here all the time because it's within walking distance to our favorite Thai restaurant (Ocha).  The rooms are ok, but the last trip was a little different.  We arrived before check in and were given a room that was a little smelly so I called front desk and they gave us a new room and had the bellboy bring up our keys in less than 5 minutes.  Talk about fast service :)
2	I walked here from the Venetian and this is no longer the strip, I nearly killed my boyfriend for his bright idea of walking. He wanted to do the jump and I humored him. The hotel is really dark and the smoke odor is embedded in the hotel. The people staying here aren't as friendly or attractive (no offense but its the truth). The only upside is they are incredibly cheap. Drinks/shopping/gambling are so much cheaper than things on the newer strip.
2	Customer service was HORRIBLE! Got ignored not once, but TWICE by the same bartender with direct eye contact. Had to yell over music to get help. When I did, she proceeded, with me watching,  to short me on the shot of rum that goes in the drink by putting her finger over it! I called her on it and she blew it off and said it was a full shot! Most of the staff had no customer service and looked and acted as if they were troubled to be there. Except for the tower stuff, this casino is a waste of time.
3	So other than location , Stratosphere is not bad. The rooms are decent and cheap. They have an all you can drink happy hour for $20 in the main lobby bar. The sportsbook is junk but for the price it is not half bad. too bad it is on its own island though.
3	not bad for the money, a deluxe room runs $59 with tax. It's clean, nice 42 inch plasma.Your room key gives you and four guest's access to the top of the tower, 108 floors up and a spectacular 365 view of Vegas
1	Full Disclosure: I only stayed here because I got a great deal on a package trip. The hotel is roughly 2.5 miles from the top of the strip - so be prepared to break out roughly $15 each way for cabs. There is a bus that you can take that goes up and down the strip, but you stop all over the place and it takes a long time. Taxis are the price of convenience I suppose. The hotel itself offers a great view from the top, but that's about where it stops. The rooms are as follows:HOTEL:Beds - OKLinens - OKTV - Bad; the remote didn't work most of the time (nor did the physical power button somehow). Of course you're not in Vegas to watchTV, but still. Bathroom area - Terrible. This was the worst part. You cannot get into the bathroom without almost hitting the toilet with the door. Cramped is an understatement. The lights in the bathroom flicker for about 5 seconds before they turn on - which doesn't sound long, but feels every bit of 10 seconds. Housekeeping - They were nice enough.Major problems happened when they cut the water off at noon. There was no notice on the door, nor did the front desk tell me upon check in (they should have at least mentioned it). I went to ask a house keeper and she handed me a flyer. This should have been placed in my room the day before to warn me though. Finally the water did come back on, but it didn't drain properly. I asked for this to be fixed at the front desk. Read below (STAFF) for what happened there....CASINO:It's old, and outdated. That's all there is to say. STAFF:I found this to be a mixed bag. When I first checked in, the woman at the desk was nice. However, every other person after was rude. In the middle of talking to one, another guest came up and cut in. She started talking to him, leaving me standing there. Really? Overall, I will not stay here again. It's not worth the time, effort, and lack of customer service. I suppose it could have been worse, but it's proximity to the strip coupled with the quality of both facility and care is just too low to get me back.
4	Absolutely the best deal in town. We stayed in the "Tower Premier Guestrooms" for an average of $44 /night. The rooms were recently remodeled and were modern, contemporary, and had things like a LAN plug for high speed Internet.Our room also had a 42 LCD TV and MP3 alarm clock.Nice use of colors and fabrics in the room. The bathroom had granite counters and custom tile on the floor. Bed was comfy and air conditioner / heater worked fine.My only complaint about staying here was that despite the heavy-duty doors, hallway noise could be heard VERY easily while sitting on the bed. Check-in took 5 minutes, and check out was similar.  Parking was sometimes a chore to find, but we went during the Christmas holiday so the hotel was very packed.If you're on a budget and don't mind being off of the strip a bit, then book here and get one of the remodeled rooms - it's worth every dollar.
4	I've stayed here a bunch of times because the price is good and the traffic around the area isn't bad. One of my favorite things about this place is that the Premiere rooms and better have flat screen tvs which I can hook up my laptop to. We enjoy the gambling, fat tuesday, and fellinis, however after a couple trips we got a little tired of the same routine. We now stay closer to the middle of the strip(usually monte carlo) but still visit the stratosphere for fellini's. I've been to Top of the World twice, I would not recommend it at all. The prices are inflated and even if you put that aside, the experience isn't that great. It feels a little snobby and stuffy when there with other diners who come off as trashy. This may just be from the dumb lady who kept walking over to stand right in front of us so that we could see her fat ass while she was snapping pictures of the view. UH-hello we paid for the view too, not to see your ass! Otherwise the rooms are good and there are some decent attractions. They have a nude vampire show, Bite, which was pretty boring. Basically just paying to see a bunch of acrobatic people get topless. The back alley bar also seemed like it had potential but every time we walked by it was completely empty. Stratosphere is good once or twice to stay at and then I would recommend seeing what else Vegas has to offer.
4	I am probably dating myself but I came here for the first time with a few friends the week after I graduated from college!  This was when the hotel had just opened so it actually wasn't too bad.  Yes, this was almost 15 years ago...Today, I remember that first stay here like it was yesterday but the hotel is definitely dated.  The rooms are old and need renovations.  The renovated rooms aren't too bad.I rarely stay at this hotel anymore but it's probably the best deal in town.  You can get a room on the strip (albeit way at the north end of the strip) for probably about 1/3 the cost of a cheap place on the actual strip (think ti, planet hollywood, etc.).When I'm in Vegas I rarely spend any time in my hotel room so this place is cool.  The cab line isn't too long and the tables are friendly.  This is sort of like the charm of old school downtown Vegas on the strip.As long as you know what you're getting yourself into...it's a great place for a great deal.  If you come here expecting the opulence of the Bellagio, Ventian, Wynn, Mandalay, Caesar's, etc...then you will be disappointed.  If you want a decent, clean, and safe place to stay with a decent casino...the Stratosphere is it!
2	We stayed in the "Strip View Room-Unlimited Tower Admission" room. Booked it from Hotels.com. The deal was good at 50$/night but the facility is not what you would expect. Here are the things which we did not find worth.1) The hotel is far from strip.2) The strip view is not that great. You can only see upto Sahara and few others. Definitely not worth strip view.3) Internet is not included and we had to pay another 11$ extra/day for usage. Unlike , circus circus where it was included.4) Room inside was big but facility wise no better than any other lodges.5) TV channels are limited. Circus circus offered better options.Net net comparing with circus circus where we paid the same amount, we got less for our money.However only plus point been, since tower admission was free, it saved as $16/person. Also the buffet is good where hotel guest get 25% off.
1	We booked our trip to CES really late and had to stay at the Stratosphere. I heard that it was a decent hotel but was still a little weary.  First of all, its located at the end of the strip right before downtown. It starts to get sketchy near Circus Circus.  One of the workers advised us to always take a cab at night because it can get a little dangerous.Second, I had booked a non smoking room with two queen beds. They didn't have it when I arrived but had a smoking room. I didn't wanna sleep in a smoky room so they gave me a non smoking one bed and said I could switch tomorrow.  The room smelled of smoke.   Did the switch the next day which was annoying but it was fine.  Room was better and didn't smell.Third, they charge you 11.99 per day for internet and $1 for LOCAL calls. WTF?Fourth - everytime I called them to the front desk, I either got hung up on or disconnected.  Everything I asked for never came.Fifth, I asked for late checkout on Sunday and figured it wouldn't be a problem since the conference was over.  Flight wasn't until 4 so I didn't want to have to just hang out in the casino or airport. $30 for a late checkout. So the service is horrible, they charge you for anything and everything. Its far from everything and gets dangerous at night.  Also, not entirely related by the waitress at their bar on 107 was rude. Booo to Stratosphere. Avoid staying here if possible.
2	At a first impression, I thought spending 3 nights at the Stratosphere was gonna be great. There's rides on top of the tower to test your fear of heights to a whole new level, cheap rooms, and they have an awesome 1950's themed restaurant. But as my friends and I checked in, my first impression was slowly turning downhill.First time we got there we already started having problems with our rooms. My friend ordered the rooms online for about $200, but when we got there they charged us an additional $150 for "spending another night", even though we were just staying there for 2 nights and checking out in the morning. I mean really? It said on paper that it was already paid, why do we have to pay more?In my job, Marriott, I've learned that a lot of Marriotts have included free wifi and many other hotels are following just so they can keep up with the compitition and whatnot. When I tried to get into the Stratosphere wifi, I found out that it was an additional $11.90. Thanks, but no thanks.Since my friends and I flew over to Vegas from San Jose, we pretty much had to call the taxi or walk to whatever destination we had to go to (mostly towards the strip...which was also very far...which also took a chunk out of our spending expenses). So location-wise, the Stratosphere sucked.And lastly, when my friends and I checked out of the hotel we checked in our bags in the valet so we can go out and do some last minute gambling and sight seeing before we go back home. When my friend accidentally lost his ticket, one guy at the Valet was giving us the "Oh well" shrug and his sarcastic remark "How am I gonna help you find your bags if you don't have your ticket?" Great customer service *insert sarcasm*However, this hotel didn't leave a bad impression on me-despite the review. While my friends and I were gambling, the cocktail waitress kept coming back to us so we can order more drinks. I was so impressed with her, I tried to give her a $10 tip, but she refused and only accepted $2. I insisted, but she still refused. She was so humble, I can't believe that there are people like her that are here in Vegas. And as my friends and I were trying to find our ticket to claim our bags, the Valet who took our bags went out of his way to help us find it.All in all, it was a nice hotel, but it didn't quite leave the impression of "Welcome to Las Vegas!" I was looking for. Oh yea, and here's 2 stars for that cocktail waitress and the guy in valet-2 of your BEST employees!
2	A few friends and I decided on the spur of the moment we wanted to go to LV and we did and ended up staying at Stratosphere. Why? Since this vacation wasn't exactly planned our bank roll wasn't as big as if we had planned for it and Stratosphere was offering the best rate for our dollar.When we finally got to Strat we headed to the front desk and waited. It wasn't that long but seemed longer because there wasn't really anything special to look at or distract us. Finally get to the counter fill out our paperwork pay our bill and we are off to our room on the 10th floor. Get too our room open the door and thought we were in a Motel 6. The rooms were very basic and plain. After the first night sleep we all wake up in pain because the beds were terribly uncomfortable. I could of slept on the floor and been more comfortable.We didn't spend much time here at all. Because we were staying at the hotel we all had free passes to the top of Strat everyday but didn't once use them.Each day we would leave and walk on over to The Sahara to catch the monorail. It's not that far of a walk but let me tell you its kind of a seedy side of town. I would not recommend making this walk solo unless your packing heat or looking to score something (j/k).Even though this place didn't knock my socks off I didn't hate it. It's perfect if your on a budget and dont mind being on that side of town.I heard they have recently renovated all their rooms and from the pics it actually looks great so maybe one day i'll be back.
1	When you replace the songs in your head from Katy Perry's "Waking Up in Vegas" and you end up with many morbid Smith songs with lyrics like "I was happy in the haze of a drunken hour, but heaven knows I'm miserable now", that's when you know you're at the Stratosphere.While my friends from LA stayed at higher end hotels on the more festive part of the strip, I went the cheap route with a $69 dollar rate at this hotel. Don't get me know I've had many adventures at other cheap Vegas hotels but this one takes the cake. The best way to get by is to never turn on the lights, or be in your room in daylight. If you manage to see your room you'll be overwhelmed by the stark whiteness of it all, with no decor and a small window at the end with a window A/C unit. Basically, it looks like a room at the asylum. It also has an amazing funky smell. The hotel is pretty far away from other attractions and the main part of the strip where all your smarter friends are. What you saved in your overnight stay you'll be making up for in taxi fees (It's about $12 one way from Treasure Island to the Stratosphere) and I wouldn't recommend walking there at night. However there are some pluses. First the hotel has several pools. It's one of the first few pools in Vegas that actually has clear water and look like you may not need a Hepatitis vaccine to enter. The first pool is a large pool meant for families. Basically it's like kids gone wild, and looks to be fun.  There is a smaller pool that is 21+ with a bar and dj, on a high floor so it has a great view. It also has a topless option. Please keep in mind, those who exercise the topless option are not those who should. As a women based on what you'll witness, you'll be praying to the gods of gravity, breast feeding, and plastic surgery to treat you right. The lifeguards are friendly and keep supplying you with wet towels to cool off as well as place damp towels at your feet. One star for the lifeguard.
2	I came here on my first trip to Vegas when in college still and on a very tight budget.  A group of 7 of us paid $190 for nonstop air and hotel so for the price we couldn't beat it but it is pretty run down and not really on the best part of the strip.  I have been back to Vegas several times since and unless your on a very tight budget I wouldn't suggest it.  If you are though Imperial Palace is the same price range with a better location.As for the tower that was pretty cool going to the top and going on one of the three rides that overhangs off the 1000 ft ledge was very neat.
1	This was the worst hotel in Vegas. The Non smoking room smelled like a smoking room. The service is horrible here. I then asked for another room, made me go back downstairs to pick it up. They moved me to another room.  They room was much better but I woke up in the morning with three bug bites on my leg. Please never go here follow friends. Circus Circus is better than this.
4	Ok. Honestly, I feel so bad for everyone that had an immense horrific time here. I really mean that because I didn't. I didn't have high expectations either though because I read all these horrific reviews, but regardless of that, I had a fine time at the Stratosphere.I did not have any problems with the Stratosphere. My room was immaculately clean, I had a relatively nice view and passes to the top of the Stratosphere. Don't expect the Bellagio or Cesar's Palace when you go though, it's a modest one bedroom, a bathroom normal hotel room. It's like the Marriott of Oakland, Santa Rosa, and Napa. Nothing big and all that fancy, but clean and livable.I've stayed in The Hotel at the Mandalay Bay and can absolutely see why people could be mortified that such a room existed in Las Vegas, but it was more than a $100 difference in price per night.My only complaint is it is all the way at the end of the strip. Any further and you'd be in downtown, but me being able-bodied bought a bus ticket and just took it up and down the strip. Not the greatest way to see a city, but not too bad either. Sure beats the Oakland/SF busses.One of the things I do like a lot because they are in the nar corner of the strip, it's an amazing view up on top of the Stratosphere. Nothing even comparable especially by Paris' cold metal chamber Eiffel Tower look-alike top. I did enjoy that a lot. The casino part of it also gives you great rewards for little play.So drive here or buy a bus pass for the duration of your stay. It's not so bad. Take a taxi if you can't tell if that was your girlfriend you just kissed or the guy trying to hand you stripper passes.
3	My go-to hotel when in Vegas. It's cheap, has nice employees, and the rooms are halfway decent. The casino isn't great, I've only lost money while there. The bars often have drink specials and are pretty cheap in general. The views from the top if the tower are breathtaking. I have always wanted to have dinner up there but haven't had the opportunity. Hopefully soon. The food situation kinda sucks. The buffet has been described as downright disgusting and often leaves its victims sick. I didn't experience any illness but it wasn't a very good meal. It's located at the strips farthest most point  in a pretty shady neighborhood but its a good jump-off location for downtown and the rest of The Strip. Cheap cab fares either direction. It's within walking distance of the Monorail(at the Saraha) and Dino's Lounge. Very awesome. I will stay again.Just as Treasure Island branded themselves as "ti," they should call themselves "The Strat."
3	You get what you pay for, I guess. I thought that I was getting a bargain when I booked a room here for insanely cheap. I got to my room and I was pretty disappointed- it was small, the whirlpool tub looked like it had been there since the 80's, and the whole space just seemed...well, old. But let's face it, (most) people don't go to Vegas to spend their time in the hotel room, so it bother me much.I probably should have done a little more research before booking; the Stratosphere is at the far end of the strip, so girls if you plan on walking to the Vegas club scene, either plan on wearing a pair of flats for the trek or putting some mileage on those high heels.On the plus side, the view from the top floor of the Stratosphere is breathtaking and the rides on the roof seem like a nice attraction for thrill-seekers.
2	The rooms just aren't that great here.  It's like a motel room in a hotel.  The jacuzzi suite rooms are definitely nicer but still nothing to write home about.  I didn't really care for the casino either and didn't really gamble here.  It's in a convenient location to quickly get downtown or visit the Strip.  If it's my choice, I'll most likely never stay here again.  For a decent priced Strip hotel, I'd rather stay at Tropicana.
4	This hotel isn't as bad as I thought it would be. It's pretty decent. Walked in, had a quick and friendly check-in! Walked into a clean room, beds nicely made, and bathroom also clean. It would be nice if there was a coffee maker in the room. But other than that had an awesome stay! Definitely check out the view from the observation tower when you stay. The view is amazing! :)
5	This place is changing right before our eyes! Upon looking at other reviewers there was massive amounts of renovation being done to the whole hotel. We got a great deal on one of the Oasis Suites for our honeymoon under $100 per nt. It included a strip view room with a 2 person Jetted tub and a lovely shower. A lot of the amenities in the Hotel are awesome. There is a Starbucks and Several restaurants on site. we ate at the Top of the World Restaurant for lunch and the Family pool was closed so we used their normal adults only topless pool which is temporarily a family pool while the original pools were renovated. It is on the strip but nowhere near any of the famous attractions. I love staying in this area since its far less congested. I would stay here again for a good price for like a celebration such as an anniversary. And every staff member is very helpful.
2	During my last LV trip, I stayed at two different hotels.  For two nights I was a guest at the Strat.  It was great that admission to the Stratosphere viewing tower was free for hotel guests, but three things really got on my nerves about this place:1. We requested a smoking room but ended up in a supposedly non-smoking room.  Although I wasn't there when my friend checked in at the front desk, he later told me that the check-in counter person told him he was getting a smoking room.  However, when we entered the room for the first time - despite the obvious smell of smoke (from a previous guest) - I couldn't locate any ashtrays.  So I called the front desk, but was told it wasn't a smoking room at all - what???2. Self-serve ice machines aren't available on every floor in the hotel.  There wasn't one on our floor, and there definitely wasn't one on the floor below us, either.  So much frustration over a simple thing.3.  As a result of #2 (and due to the unhelpful phone service in #1), my friend and I walked down to the lobby to find out where exactly those ice machines are located.  After looking around for someone, anyone to ask, we ended up approaching a female employee (it was obvious to us she worked on the actual hotel side instead of the casino part).  She pretty much made it apparent from the start that we were bothering her.  I suppose it's okay if she really doesn't know where the ice machines are located, but what I don't appreciate was the attitude - at least direct us to someone who *does* know the hotel's layout instead of just declaring "that's not part of my job" and walking away.All in all, I really don't recommend this place, even at a discount.  Stay at the Strat only if you have absolutely no preferences whatsoever at the hotels you frequent during your vacations.
3	Just spent a weekend here and will say that you get what you pay for the price.  Yes, for the same price you might receive a little better amenities but this is Las Vegas so every little thing you expect from normal hotels is not complimentary here.  And what about this "resort fee" they charge.  Why don't they just call it a "In case you're not a gambler or don't want to experience our tepid thrills" charge.  Worst off, our towels weren't replaced and neither were the linens.  That's a big no no.I guess the only thing that was nice was view from the top of the Tower.  Vegas please get on board with the rest of  the civilized world and pass a ban on smoking, please!
3	We stayed in the "Romance Suite" during out stay. It was large, clean, had a two person jacuzzi tub, coffee maker and fridge. It also had 2 large flat screen tv's. It was a great room and a great deal. Yes it is Vegas so you get charged extra for everything like internet and yes they like every other hotel in Vegas have a resort fee that no one really knows what it covers.They have two pools. The 8th floor is open seasonally and was not open during out stay. The 25th floor beach club has a dj and during the summer months it is adult only and topless. We where the only people there, the lifeguard was friendly and it was really warm!We are not gamblers but we got a free trip to Vegas for listening to a time share talk so we figured we would go and we had a blast. We did not gamble at their casino which is large and very smokey. The top of the tower views are amazing we went up twice. They have thrill rides but I am not brave enough but hey if jumping off a huge tower is your thing you can find it here. On your way to the observation area you walk through a ghetto mall. But many of the major hotels have them.  Lastly, it is on the strip but it is all the way at the north end. We rented a car so we had no issues getting around but if you are staying here carless you may be in a little trouble. It is not near the monorail and the cab rides to Mirage area where about 12 bucks each way according to people who took cabs.Overall it was nice but if I return to Vegas I would probably stay in the main strip area so we could walk from casino to casino. If you are looking for a quieter hotel  not in the middle of the action this may be your place.
3	Recently stayed here and had a pretty good time, but a couple of huge issues will prevent me from coming back. Pros:-cheap rooms! -decent casino downstairs-lounge 107 was AWESOME! happy hour half price apps and unforgivably delicious desserts-skyjump is cool, though i didn't have $100 to drop-decently comfortable beds Cons:-no free wifi - seriously, if I can get free wifi in Days Inn, huge disappointment to have to pay 12.99 per 24 hours. I even had an outage of internet, which thankfully caused my payment to be refunded-location - pretty far down strip-lack of some amenities - a microwave or mini fridge would have really helpedUltimately, you get what you pay for.
4	Is this the nicest hotel I've ever been to? Nope. The worst? Not even close. For $30 a night, however, this place can't be beat. Yeah, it's a bit of a trek from the fancier parts of the strip, but it was clean, the rooms were nice and the showers were hot. It's not the kind of place you might want to lounge around in, but it's a comfy clean place to lie your head at night. Also, when you stay here you get to go up the tower for free, and it is awesome up there.
3	My first trip to the strip, I stayed here thinking I was getting a good deal and being smart.  It was a half decent place, but I wouldn't stay there again now that I know better.
1	This hotel was a waste of money. I mean the first day, the fire alarm went off at 10 am. Second TV is really old n does not work. When I call to fix TV, no one came so for three night, I had no TV. Third, the shower heads has molds or green thing around shower heads. DONT PAY OR GO TO THAT HOTEL. YOU PAY WAT YOU GET FOR. This the truth. Do your search for another hotel. Thanks.
3	The prices for the ride to the top, skyjump and other activities were a bit inflated for Vegas, I thought. For that reason, we didn't bother.The casino was pretty average compared to other ones on the Strip. I ate brunch downstairs before my bus ride. The food was OK, but not incredible.What I did like was that the DEUCE drops you off right here and the bus to LA picks you up in the back of their building in the parking lot. That's quite convenient.
4	We stayed at Stratosphere this past weekend.  The price was good and we had a very nice remodeled tower room on the 12th floor with a breathtaking view of the city.  The casino was big and the Seasonal Buffet and Salad Bar was perfect although it cost $28 per person, but it was clean, well set up for crowds and the food was fresh.  As guests of the hotel, we were able to go up to the tower deck for free and that was way fun at night.  We went to the Level 107 Lounge at the top and a DJ was spinning good 90s music.  We could also walk around outside with our drinks or buy tix for one of the rides.  Stratosphere's location on the strip is a tad isolated, but if you have a car or don't mind a short walk to the monorail at Sahara then it's no problem.  I made hotel reservations online thru i4Vegas.com for $124 for two nights.  Then we had relatives fly into town who wanted to go to LV so I made a second room reservation for Stratopshere two days later thru Priceline.com thinking it was cheaper.  Not so much.  Priceline charged our card for the first night stay without tax so when the relatives checked in, they had to pay the balance of $85 for their second night stay so they paid $199 to our $124 which was allot more than I anticipated.  Needless to say, I won't use Priceline again to book a hotel.
2	For the price that the Stratosphere still charges for you to stay here, you would think you were staying at the Mirage, or Treasure Island. I'm not saying those are top notch hotels on the strip but I can far better justify paying over $100 for a nice room in one of those than $139 in the Stratosphere.The novelty of this place truly is its view, which I would only really recommend at night because during the day you see Vegas for the kind of dessert it really is. The night view is amazing, but the restaurant should be skipped because at $$$$ I was expecting my steak to dance for me. It didn't.The casino is small and smokey, it's kind of old-ish and in need of renovation and the room really transported me back to the Sahara next door which I though the Stratosphere was a bit above. I think if you get this place for very very cheap, it would probably be an ok stay, despite the fact that it is quite further down the strip and you will have to drive.Otherwise, just come here for the night view and leave it at that.
3	Casino only review:  If you park in the parking structure, stay on the 2nd floor and take the covered passage way over to the casino instead of going on the ground floor, because it can get quite windy between the two buildings.The casino itself had a bit of a tired feel towards it, though there were a few newer machines mixed in here and there.  Nothing here really stands out and casino wise, this could easily fit in with those on Freemont St and you might barely notice a difference.
4	The Good:  It's a cheap place to stay, say if there is a huge NASCAR weekend and every place is booked.  The staff is friendly, as a small casino should be.  They have this awesome UCF pit in the back where they have $5 blackjack with some of the hottest dealers in Vegas.  I would love to give a shout-out to my girls Amy, Brit, Nikki, Ramona, Whitney, and my personal favorite Gina(The best smile in all of NV).  Even Chris, the floor supervisor(he never told me what his title was), was nice and called me by name the next day.  The place feels old but the rooms are actually nice.The Bad:  Roxy's Cafe had some really slow service.  The manager was super nice and even comped my bill when I went over my original comp.  That shows they care, I think.  The Buffet is over-priced for what I like.  I guess if you eat your weight in crab legs you're golden.The Ben:  It's all about Gina!!!  Damn girl, I'm making a Craig's list missed connection.  You were the dealer and I was the guy loosing all my money, email me :D
3	I stayed at 2 different rooms while being here. The first one was in their older section of the hotel which has not been renovated. This room was spacey, with two flat screen TVs (why?!) and relatively clean. But the bathroom and sink lights stopped working after I switched them on and off once. There was enough light from other parts of the room and since I was gonna stay only one night in that room, I didn't bother complain. There's some sort of train/light rail running outside and despite being on the 21st floor, I could still hear it quite clearly. The next day I moved into the newer part (premier room I think) and it was significantly nicer. Our next door neighbor got into physical fights and was really noisy so we called the front desk and within a few seconds, the noise stopped. I wondered what they did.If you do pay for internet, pay for the one in your room (I think you get a password from your tv before paying online). Don't pay for the Starbucks network that you can get downstairs because once you come back to your room, it won't work. We made this mistake and double paid. Overall a pleasant experience and affordable. I'll stay somewhere close to the city center next time though.
3	The rooms seemed recently updated. The beds were very comfy. The bathrooms were extremely small with very little counter space. It took us a very long time to get towels after calling housekeeping. The prices were decent but the location was too far from other hotels/center strip.
3	The hotel photo's on the website were misleading. The room was slightly below what was expected. Aside from that small letdown, everything was good. The room itself was large enough for two people, and the beds were comfortable. Cleaning service was quick the next day and were never a problem.  Room service was fairly priced and was very quick to deliver.
4	Great time at this hotel! Stayed there the last week of March, it was perfect pool weather, sat in the sun all day drinking pitchers of sangria and eating very affordable chips and guacamole. The room was $33 a night for a king size bed. Went down in the morning, got an iced coffee and made my way to a few slot machines before sun tanning. This hotel is technically on the strip, but very far away from the other casinos and all of the action. My friend and I walked to the Bellagio, it took us two hours and a lot of water. So if you are going to Vegas and want to be totally away from crowds and people, then stay here. If you want to be in the thick of it, stay somewhere more central. Or you could always take a $20 cab ride to the strip if you feel like it. :)
2	The only reason this place is getting 2 stars is becuase if I ever reveiew Circus Circus, it would get one.  This place seems dirtier than most other Casinos on the strip. If you are just looking for Cheap, then during the week this place may be what you are looking for.If you want any comfort, I'd rather stay at the Hampton Inn or a Motel 6 if you are budget constrained.It looks like they remodelled some of the Hotel so it also is not as bad as it used to be.
3	The Stratosphere isn't all that bad. No really, it's not. They have renovated rooms that are actually pretty nice and better than some other places on the Strip. Ok, sure, the pool, spa, restaurants, casino, and parking suck. But it is the tallest structure west of the Mississippi River - and that's pretty cool. It's got the Level 107 Lounge that rocks. It really is the best view in Vegas. And it puts you closer to Fremont St. and all of the glory that is downtown. So for the renovated rooms (and the price of those rooms) and the view, it totally gets 3 stars (despite everything else).
2	Casino review only.  This place just bothers me.  The location is sketchy.  The casino has very poor signage.  The employees are unable to competently tell you where to go.  It's designed to just confuse the hell out of you.  I know this is the goal of most casinos so you will just give up and gamble, but please, I am not in the mood.  Plus, they are constantly doing some sort of weird construction.  There is an escalator that goes up to the second floor, where you can access the top of the space needle thingy.  Which is the whole point of this place.  But there is construction so there is no escalator that goes down and no stairs, of course.  God forbid a casino provides non-emergency stairs.  So you must cram into a tiny elevator, complete with elevator operator, in order to go down one floor.  The claustrophobic in me protests.
4	Great staff & plenty of games to play. Retail level isnt anything special but usefull for the small this n thats... Definitely hit the pool & dont forget to get the view from the top! Amazing! Really is the best view in Vegas!
3	Stayed here for NAB '11. Stayed on the 22nd floor and had a great view of the city and the tower. The price wasn't bad, but I wouldn't recommend staying there if you are attending the convention center. Ended up spending about 40 bucks a day on taxi and parking to commute, and in the end it would have been cheaper to get a closer hotel.  Food and bars are a bit pricey there, but then again, it is Vegas.
3	The stratoshpere creates mixed feelings in me....  The good: It's mellow, away from the crazy business of the strip, and it's inexpensive.   The bad:  The dealers are RUDE for the most part, they have a very small selection of beer - which does not include ANY ales or quality beers, and the hotel is quite a distance from the strip.  For the price, it was a pretty good deal.  It was about a mile to the strip, which we walked.  Overall, not bad - if you are not going to be spending much time in your casino or hotel, I would stay here.  Rooms were very nice and comfortable.  Cheap prices!  You gotta give up some luxuries if you want an inexpensive room!
4	I actually stayed at the Strat last year in May. I love the Strat for it's colorful ambiance, and the fact that I was winning at their slots and tables (though I lost it all which was entirely my fault). I also won free tickets to the AMerican Superstars show and I enjoyed that show so much! The Michael Jackson impersonator really touched my heart. I trekked back to Stratosphere in February of this year just to see the show again. It's truly too bad that the Strat got rid of the show the past month because it brought me back everytime. I also enjoyed the food options. The buffet (but only for brunch) and the Roxy's Diner (but only the milkshake). There was also a Mcdonalds there that I frequented (hey, good, cheap, reliable, late-night, fast food). The Mcdonalds outside of the Strat and around the corner I also frequented because they had free Wifi (which no Vegas hotel has). There is also a Burger King and IHop near the Strat. I did not appreciate their gym very much because it was small and always packed but I did get to use a treadmill and for paying only about $25 per night, I figured I got a lot more than what I paid for.The pools are great too. The big pool is rather large with little theming. The hot tub was nice and it was a fun environment. I love the heat of the sun there! The adult pool is also nice with amazing views and nice music. I was not crazy about the tower because it was there I learned about my fear of heights but if not for that fear, that, the thrill rides, the restaurant, and clubs and lounges up there would have been ultimately enjoyable. The clubs and lounges were free for guests always so that made me happy because I at least peak at them (and they were cool) before running to the elevator to make an exit! Entry to the tower was also complimentary because we were guests.The rooms were definitely functional and pretty with nice red and white tones. It had one of the best room colors I have seen thus far in vegas. The bathroom was not extravagant but simple and nice. I feel that the Strat will fall off even more now that the Sahara will be closing and the AMerican Superstars show left. I mean, what will be the point to go all the way out there except for sleeping there or the thrill rides? I'm afraid I might have to say bye bye to the Strat real soon. *tear*
3	The casino itself is very generic mid-Strip tier for slots and strip mall sites.  If you didn't know you were in the Stratosphere, you'd just assume you were in Ballys or Harrahs.  It's the new top anchor for the Strip now that Sahara is closing doors, so stop here tourists lest ye enter Scarytown.  (As if the Strip doesn't seem scary enough outside the tower.)The tower itself is amazingly beautiful, but pricey to go up into unless you're a NV resident or veteran.
4	Pros:  Nice views from rooms, observation deck, Top of the World restaurant, sports book, hookers, rides and sky diving.Cons: clientele, hookers
3	Good value. Recent renovations to hotel and rooms are modern and nice. Friendly service. Casino floor could be a bit more cohesive, could use a bit of work. We had good diner food at Roxy's (best chili cheese fries I've ever had). We did not use the pool but saw it from the observation deck and it looked like a nice pool, not overly themed but it IS on the roof of the hotel building. The observation tower was REALLY cool though, and my friend rode one of the rides and had a blast. Overall, this is a good value property, if you don't mind a cab to the central strip a couple times over your stay.
4	Renovated rooms - lots of things to do. No problems here.
2	i came here for my 1st trip in vegas a month ago.pros(tower view)(variety of food/shops)(above average drink service)cons(getting charged twice for hotel)(being harrased at tables if your a mid/top stakes player)(slippery bathroom floor,  I almost broke my leg)(remotes that hardly work)
2	The good: the view from the tower is amazing. The bartenders are excellent. The buffet is cheap and not bad, even cheaper with the player's club card discount. The place was clean, and the hotel staff were prompt.The bad: obvious hookers, the neighborhood around it is an eyesore, the rooms are ugly and the noise of people opening and closing doors in the hall is as loud as if it were your own door. The TV remote barely worked, and reading other reviews that seems to be all over (couldn't guess why, I tipped the housekeeper to change the batteries). Overall: If it's cheap, then go for it. Otherwise, stay elsewhere.
3	I've stayed at many medium-priced Vegas hotels over the years, but (so far) I prefer the Stratosphere. So much so that when I planned my big-50 birthday weekend there was no doubt where I'd stay. No problem with reservations, check-in or the room. I agree the TV remote was problematic but I think it's because the new LCD TV is too big for the old regular TV cabinet so it's on top and you have to hold the remote up in the air for it to work.I always liked the buffet but I'm pretty sure there were more choices in the past, the tower is fun but the Air Bar was a disappointment, and the 8th floor pool closed at 6pm. After two full days and nights in Vegas I sure could have used the hot tub. Who closes a pool at 6? I'll come back I'm sure, but my expectations are lowering.
4	If your ever in Vegas, the Sky Jump is a must
4	DO NOT book this hotel through www.priceline.com ! this hotel has a resort fee of 7.50per night/room which priceline doesn't cover (others do such as hotels.com) therefore your responsibility to pay it at check in. I was very upset when I found out. overall I liked that hotel and would stay again.
3	We (group of 7) stayed at The Stratosphere for a girls' weekend and had a really nice time. The room was clean and well-stocked, the check-in staff were friendly and the casino wasn't overly smoky or outdated. The neighborhood it's in (very end of the strip) isn't fabulous - we were cautioned by both the cab driver and random residents not to go out walking after dark, but frankly I've been more nervous in my own city than there.There are multiple restaurants, two pools (one topless!) and more slot machines than one can fathom. We ate at the buffet, mainly - make sure to get the all-day rate if you're going to eat three meals there - you get unlimited access from 7am to 9pm for $30.00. Even if you're just getting one meal there, get the Player Card from the casino and get a discount at the buffet.Hotel guests receive unlimited access to the tower (non-guests pay a huge amount to get up there) and your room key gets you admission for 4. The view is amazing, but they do try to sell you souvenier photos (which we bought, haha).I had no negative experiences, but it wasn't a fabulous resort getaway either - it was nice to be slightly off of the main drag, but I kind of wish they hadn't billed it on their website as being "centrally located on the strip" because it's not - centrally located, that is. It's the last hotel on the north end.
5	To me this place was well worth the price!! I stayed there with my husband and 2 kids, and my sis and her husband stayed 1 room down from us. We got a free upgrade to the 23rd floor for free so we could be by eachother! The staff was super friendly and helpful! The room was very nice and the view was amazing! Loved that we got free unlimited access to the tower too. Lots of stuff at the hotel too! Buffet, Starbucks, McDonalds, tons of shops and even an arcade!! The room was very nice, clean, not run down at all! This was my 4th time to Vegas and this hotel was my best experience by far! I will be staying here again and for around $40 a night...it was a great deal! I'd totally recommend this hotel. If you want a decent hotel that offers a lot at a great price!
2	LOCATION:  If you have been to Vegas before, you would know where it is... It's at THE END OF THE STRIP.  And if you are in Vegas and don't know where it is, look for the tallest thing in Vegas.ROOM:  Meh... I asked for a non-smoking room, but I can still smell cigarette.CASINO:  I don't like gambling here.  (Especially not in the middle of the night)."AMUSEMENT PARK":  Nothing amusing about the rides they have at the top of the stratosphere, but they do have a great view up there.  Unfortunately, you cannot take tripods up to the observation deck.OVERALL: If you wanna stay at Vegas on a low budget, this is probably your place.  Their room rates are usually dirt cheap.
5	This hotel is amazing very clean friendly staff and the rooms are immaculate all for a low cost. There is a lot to do you don't have to even leave your hotel rides, gambling and a beautiful roof top view love it!!
3	We recently (5/19/2011 thru 5/24/2011)  stayed at the Strat, and enjoyed ourselves. The hotel was clean, the casino was fun and the food at the buffet was fine. Roxy's was good, but not great, the wait staff was slow. Our room (a 2 queen bed on the 21st floor) was very comfortable, though the pillows were a bit too soft. It was clean, and they changed the linens every day. The decor of the entire hotel is pretty outdated and not pretty, but who goes to Vegas to be wowed by the rooms?The staff was friendly, helpful, and very accommodating. The observation deck was just about the coolest thing we did while there, and you can go up as many times for free as you'd like when you stay there. The rides looked terrifying, and I'm not sure why anyone would go on them, but those that did seemed to have a great time. The shops in the little mall part were good, the very last gift shop all the way at the top was cheap and fun, and the alcohol was super cheap as well! Some of the pricing was outrageous, but that's to be expected in Vegas. Complaints:- There was little to no pressure from the shower head in the room. It made taking a shower tedious and long. - The pool closed at 6pm during the week, 7pm during the weekend. This is just ridiculous in my opinion. - Not only did the pool close early, but the hot tub jets didn't work. Kind of pointless. - The lifeguards paid no attention, and the little kids running around unsupervised were just awful. - Table games had high minimums - Far from the rest of the strip, a cab to Treasure island was about $10 (not to mention the $3 fee just to use a cc), and to Mandalay Bay it was $20! To freemont it was about $9.That's all though, and those were all things I could live with. Overall, it was a good experience, but next time I think we'll stay on the actual strip.
4	I don't get all the harsh things people are raggin' on the Strat for. For $35/night (around $60 on weekends), the accommodations were spectacular. Don't expect anything too lavish - it's a simple hotel, but mostly clean, spacious and modern. If I was staying in this level of hotel in Boston, I'd be paying around $150-$200, not $35. This hotel is value, value, value.Although cabs to the Strip were a bit costly, everything else was great. Unlimited access to the top of the tower (resort fee of $7.50 per day, well worth it), good pool scene (with cornhole boards and waitresses in bikinis), a built-in shopping mall and cheap food options were all convenient. We played table blackjack for $5, big wheel spins for $2 and roulette for $5 in the casino. For the mornings where I had too much Vegas the night before, room service was pricey but solid. Buffet was kind of gross, if you're going to do the buffets do it a higher-tier hotel. Overall we liked staying here. I could definitely see doing it again. For the price you can't go wrong.
3	We had to move rooms from the upgraded area to the non upgraded area... The upgraded area is all done in tile and the noise ECHOS like no tomorrow... You could could hear the room next doors conversations and they werent even yelling... simply talking... IT was ridculous... In actuality, this was probably the noiseist hotel I have ever stayed in Vegas...With that being said, the BUeffet breakfast was really good and plentiful...
2	Found good prices online for last-minute Vegas trip while in LA over long Memorial weekend to work with a fitness model. Drove rental to Vegas (por fin!) to see that fabled location. Am not a gambler (surviving life challenges is enuff) going just for  area sights, Red Rock Canyon, and night lights. Success in all + walked lots. Reading many hotel reviews, there is more than meets the eye for this hotel.PROs:"Great" online pricesat far end of Strip so "quieter"Free access to Tower for fab views of Vegas Free parkingCONs:NO microwaveNO frigNO facial tissueNO hotel room securityNO free wifiSmoky, smoking tobacco smell everywhere (yuck)SELF-PARKING is BEST; drive ur car to hotel side (turn 1st LEFT after passing  IHOP), park on 3rd floor where access to the casino is thru a bridge walkway. Once downstairs inside the casino the check-in is located not 4mins from the entrance to the casino. Very stuck-up clerk informed us hotel room rates fluctuate daily (each day) and that the cost for the room I was getting during MY three day stay was over $100. Don't see why as room was NOT very luxurious! After reading a few of the reviews here, expected the worst....  but unfortunately not all was lost. Room was very spacious w/view fm tower fifth floor of parking garage & roof a/c units. Particular rooms with a "better view" are offered for extra fee, but spoke to one guest in elevator, and though he paid extra for the view, stated he sees the garage also. Very good water pressure BUT tub wall are very high, and one can slip/fall getting into the tub/shower. Thick plastic shower curtain is type seen in hotels decades previous. Be careful! The queen-size beds were very comfortable BUT smoke - even in non-smoking rooms as I had reserved - is still slightly apparent due to the casino below and hotel/casino guests still smoking though there are areas where smoking is not allowed. Confusing hotel layout puts elevators far from the parking garage entry, but doable though NOT not one luggage cart for hotel guests was seen, nor did I see any hotel employee helping w/suitcases inside. Also didn't see one room cleaning maid during my 3-day stay, but of course I was gone from dawn to dusk sight-seeing (staying at number of hotels around the world and throughout USA, I have *always* seen cleaners) but not here!! In every hotel I have stayed in, many "luxury" hotels the beds will be turned down at night, and at the very least, the toilet paper in the bathroom will be a fresh room, with a cute fold starting the roll ~ not here! Nice flat-panel tele e BUT ONLY limited channels included 3 hotel channels! Dresser served its purpose better as a support for the television than for clothing: drilled holes on dresser top in my room, plus several of the drawers had loose knobs and dirt inside; looked to be of very thin construction and very old & ill-maintained. Though hair dryer was available in bathroom, several shampoos and soap in the bathroom + iron/ironing board in "closet" area, there was no security safe nor coffee maker or teas/coffee available. There was nothing I have had previously in hotels/motels of less or similar "luxury" status - I've had better service/room quality in European hostels!! One note of interest is that ALL calls (even local calls) are charged access use "fee", even using a calling card to call home will incur charges! Could easily hear guests next door opening/closing doors & talking in the hall, but did not hear anything from any rooms at all. Bicycle security guards patrol the various floors of the parking garage, but security for rooms itself seem to be non-existent; nobody checks to ensure ONLY registered guests enter the elevators as on the last two days of my stay, there were external Vegas advertising handouts that were slid into the rooms under the door!! Most of all, I hate the smoking allowed throughout the casino, and as the elevators are located far from the parking garage entry, one must WALK many minutes through the casino to get to the elevators, thus exposing everyone to the tobacco smell. Separate review about the tower observation deck is which great.
3	This is the best place to stay if you are on a budget, or didn't book a hotel far out enough and don't want to pay $1,000,000 a night. They definitely revamped this place.PROS: The hallways are clean; the carpet looks new; the walls look redone; the rooms are clean and more modern than expected. The non-smoking DOES NOT SMELL LIKE CIGARETTES! The bathroom isn't as big, but for this price, I'll shut up. They even have flat screens TV! The people @ the check-in were really sweet.CONS: This place is kind of far from the center of the strip. Because it is one of the older hotels, it is not as fancy or hyped as the new hotels on the strip. You don't get the pretty, well-decorated check in area like the other big hotels. This place is a lot smaller.
5	Old. Needs update. Refurbish. Smells like cigarettes. Not crowded casino floor. All this and yet, comfortable.
1	The cheapest hotel for a Memorial Day weekend.  I dont think I would come back here.  The sink water had an odor and tasted like burnt rubber tires.  Ewww I cant believe I brushed my teeth with that water!!
4	We were here twice during our stay. Did not stay here, one day we just went to check it out and the second time was for a company party. Cute shops inside the small mall. The casino was kind of boring I thought. But on our second visit we had a private party up in a room overlooking Vegas. The view was incredible, the drinks and appetizers were delightful. The elevators were crazy how fast they were. Then our sponsor's said anyone can go on any ride for free, we have paid for all inclusive. After eating and drinking we went up two floors to check out all the rides. First thing I noticed was the bar up here. It was so cool, I could have sat there all night. I had no idea how crazy scary these rides were. Yes, I am typically a dare devil and will go on anything once but um yes after seeing people bungee jump off the top, no way in hell. Then I had told hubby I wanted to go on the famous roller coaster at the top of the building. Are you kidding me??? Here we go, they strap you in and this coaster goes deep off the top of the building sideways as if you are going to fall straight down. When it stops's, you are dangling off the top of the building for a few seconds, crazy! Yeah, I decided I loved my life to much to go on it. It was fun to watch these crazy people along with another ride of swings circling off the building as well. We stayed up on the observatory level for awhile enjoying the view and rides. It does get very windy up there. This place is different, unique and loads of fun. Worth checking it out. I hear the restaurant is amazing and it rotates, at the top of the building. To me this place had the very best views of Vegas, stunning!
1	one star only because I have to! Stayed there last weekend and that was an horrible experience.
4	Didnt stay here just came to go up the top. Its a nice experience dealing with friendly employees who operate the elevator. Love getting the view of Vegas from 900 feet up. And seeing the crazy people who are getting flung out over the edge or during a 45 mph free fall to the bottom.
3	Decent hotel. It's located on the complete end of the strip, so if you want to visit some of the hotels like Mandalay Bay or Luxor, it's a little bit of a drive. The attractions are good, but if you already have a room, you still have to pay to get to the top of the tower. The rooms are nice, but you have to pay for a view. The beds are ridiculously confortable though.
2	I know this is an older strip hotel, so I should give it the benefit of the doubt....but really. I expected better quality than I got. What we got was not what was advertised to us. And the room service food wasn't good- the French Dip Sliders were decent (redeeming qualities were the buns and the dipping sauce) but the Macaroni and Cheese was god-awful! Some of the worst Mac-n-Cheese I have tasted in a while. On top of the fact that they lost my boyfriend's reservation. Also to be noted- for the money you save by staying here, you end up paying in cab fares to and from the strip action. One-way to the airport is $30. Just something to think about before you book your stay.
4	Stayed here for our vacation last week.  North of the strip and far enough away from the action that you won't be bombarded by the frenetic pace of the strip.  The hotel itself above average.  The rooms were nothing special but clean and nice amenities.  We stayed in a semi-suite style room that had it's own "living room" separated from the sleeping area.  The casino itself is small but serviceable though I didn't end up winning too much while I was there.The buffet here was pretty good, your standard fare for the most part but everything they put out was really tasty and not the same bland blah-ness you would experience at any random buffet.  A little pricey but if you get the ACE card (a frequent players' card that's standard at any casino these days), you get a 10% that makes it a little more worthy.What makes this hotel special are the rides they have at the top of the tower.  Taking advantage of the height, the rides will literally throw you over the edge and bring you back again.  If you're on a budget and looking to get the most bang for your buck and don't need to be in the middle of the strip, then this is the place to go.
4	Great view, I did not try the roller coaster I may be crazy but not stupid. We did not stay here just checking out the view, so for that it got 4 stars
4	Observation deck an amazing view of Vegas, especially at night. And the rides terrifying especially the rollercoaster but fun
4	We got a room here at the last minute...the room was very nice and had an beautiful view....the bathroom was extremely neat and clean...I had a slight problem with noise because there was another family staying in the adjoining room and the baby woke up very very early in the morning...
4	The observation tower at the Stratosphere is just fun to go for a night to view Las Vegas from above. I think it is worth it to pay to get in and you can stay as long as you want. (Almost, they close at night at a certain point.) I just like staring out and admiring the city from afar. I am a sucker for magnificient heights and pretty lights.Note(s): It is nice to have company to chat with while viewing so don't go alone unless you want some time alone to think about things. Oh, and it can be romantic too.
3	Stayed here when we took a weekend getaway (Thur - Sun) in April 2011. We were looking for an inexpensive place to stay in Vegas that was still on the strip. We choose the stratosphere. The hotel itself is really nice (seems a bit old), but in general it is nice. We tried one of the restaurants - Roxy's Diner, just for a quick easy meal after a late flight. The food was really good! We also went to a show which was a lot of fun, and nicely priced. And of course the stratosphere has an amazing view of the strip that you don't want to miss. We got some wonderful pictures there. Didn't do any rides because they were expensive and we'd rather have spent that money doing other attractions in Vegas. If you are looking for something conveniently located on the strip - this is not the place. It is quite a walk from the main part of the strip, and this is coming from a couple who usually walks everywhere on vacation because it is the cheapest way - and we like to save money! But even for us, especially after a night in heels, it was a bit far! However, if you are willing to buy a bus pass for the days you are there, then it would be just fine. Do keep in mind though that riding the bus on the strip can take a decent amount of time. That in mind it is nice that is is far enough away from the action on the strip that it doesn't always seem to frantic! It is also a quick and easy getting to Fremont St.
5	Came here on a Friday - Sun.  Our room was on the 11th floor and we paid about $200.The room was very clean, sleek and the beds, OMG sooooooo comfortable.  It felt like being on a marshmallow.  This place is difenetely far from the strip but you can always get the 24 hour bus pass for $7 so you don't have pay for a taxi.  From the Stratosphere to Circus Circus, it's $8 on a taxi.  If you don't want to wait for the bus, you can always rent a scooter for $30 for 24 hours and drive around wherever you want.The swimming pool could have been a lot better but atleast you get a nice view of the city since it's on the 8th floor of the hotel. There's lots of slots and the tables start at $5 minimum.  I didn't really have much luck with the slots but my boyfriend did win $40 on a slot machine.  Lucky him.  I won $10 on Roulette.  The tables here are kind of harsh, we went through $120 in like an hour.  If you want to get a great view of the city, go to the tower and you'll have to pay $16 for each person.  I haven't gone myself but i've heard it's def. worth it.  They always have really good prices for rooms as it is far from the strip but there's always the bus and rental scooters.
3	Going to the Strat is like going downtown but a tad bit classier I guess. Not  by much at all though. Surrounding area of the hotel is in shambles, far from the strip and the casino floor is small. People are very nice though. If you are looking for a place to stay for a clubbing trip, this surely isn't it. If you are looking for a place with fantastic access to other parts of the strip, it definitely isn't it. If you are looking for world class cuisine and service, this isn't it either. Why the heck did I come here then? Friend got room comped, enough said.
3	you really get what u pay for... we paid less than$ 200 for a room and its a tiny room and high bathtub but it's not bad. the tower elevator side are smaller rooms. small elevators versus the new side.hotel overall, eh... it's less than$ 200 for the weekend
1	The Stratosphere opened in 1996, the Bellagio opened in 1998. SOOOOO, what the fuck Stratosphere? Care to explain why you're so disgusting?This place is just beyond busted. I assumed this place was built in the early 80's but when I found out it was only 15 years old, I was shocked. Like, the cheesy sign that says "STRATOSPHERE" in neon orange isn't helping matters. Cue Casio keyboard solo.I have never stayed in a room here but I've been enough times to tell you it's gross. The place is just cheap, dingy, and dated. Everyone there is just some haggard career slot machine crypt keeper and the place smells like cigarettes so bad you can't even breathe.The "mall" area is depressing. It smells like old funnel cakes and churros and not one store is recognizable. It's just lame tshirt stores selling Vegas themed crap and kiosks with hair straighteners and creepy foreign guys accosting you to try hand lotion.The observation deck costs money and it's a rip off. It's boring and the view is nothing special. (same view you get from any high rise casino) You get a really nice view of the Stratosphere's shitty pool though. The rides are also really expensive and the lines are too long.This casino is in a rough part of town past the Wynn and Encore so don't plan on walking here if you have little kids with you. In fact, just don't plan on going here period.
5	Great hotel just wish we had reserved a suite as only the suites have jaquezis,next time!
4	very clean room with a clean, bright bathroom in a pretty good location on the strip--what more could you want for only $35 per night?  staff was helpful and the lobby/casino area is nice and well kept.  you can actually get pretty liquored up even if you're just playing video poker.  i would stay here again.  some people hate it because it has a somewhat lower class clientele, but it's a good deal and having passes for free rides on top of the tower is cool.  don't hate ;-)
4	I booked via Travelocity for a week long stay in Vegas for the APA Nationals. I think for the rate (under $40 a night) and room I got, this place is All Right. The King sized bed was great, the room was clean, and the A/C was kickin out nicely! However the room was right next to the elevators, and the walls are super thin, I heard the elevators all the time, ... I could hear my next room residents...which means they could also hear me... (blushes) The staff was nice and the layout was easy to follow. The pool was fantastic! Tons of room and cheap drinks, however only 3.5-4.5 ft deep all the way around, and the water was super salty, which was strange. I enjoyed my stay here and will consider this hotel again when I return to Vegas.
1	Stay at the NY NY instead.  Better quality, location and basically the same price. I was very disappointed with this hotel.  It was icky from the moment we arrived and called the front desk to ask about parking and got major attitude and smart mouth from the front desk chick.  No bueno.  On the upside - we were upgraded to a "Select" room for 6 bucks extra each night.  This actually meant a shabby chic toilet seat.  Hooray for us!  Seriously - it just meant that it wasn't a total S-H-I-T hole...but almost.  We were informed that we had access to the "Select" elevators.  Warning: do not feel special.  You aren't and they aren't!  On the upside to this - they were close to the parking garage entrance/exit, which was imperative to avoid smelling like an ash tray the walk from our room to the outside. The bed wasn't exactly a cloud and the pillows SUCKED.  The towels are WIMPY, to say the least, and the water pressure reminded me of a drizzling rain.  The shopping center inside of the hotel would be better titled the White Trash Mall. The positives: The room appeared clean and had an iPod/iPhone ready alarm clock.  My advice is to SELECT another hotel. P.S. I wish I had taken a photo of the toilet seat...just horrible!
4	The room is clean and everything works.  The hotel is far from the strip, so if you don't drive, you have to take some public transportation.  They charge a resort fee but free ticket to the observation deck included and my son enjoy that very much.
2	One of the shittiest hotels i have ever stayed at. but i did book the night before so it cost me 150 per night for a sat night. it old outdated smells bad. many better options available for good price. USE KAYAK.com. it works or hotwire.
1	My husband and I booked The Oasis Suite online in July. When I arrived on Aug. 31 to check-in I found out about the hidden fine print of a $50.00/night deposit which was NOT mentioned anywhere on your website during the reservation process. My husband and I were looking forward to spending our Vegas honeymoon in a lush suite...instead we spent it in a room that was very small, had terrible pillows (I'm still working through the chronic neck pain those gave me), and lacked a refrigerator so whatever leftovers we wanted to save went to waste. We felt especially alienated during our stay because we (fortunately) do not carry credit cards....this prevented us from, well, everything. We wanted to get in-room wi-fi internet access....but alas, a $150.00 deposit ($50/night) was needed since we didn't have a credit card. We wanted to rent a movie for in-room viewing...again, another silly deposit of $150 ($50/night). We offered to pay cash upfront....alas, a deposit of $100/night was required for cash. Ridiculous! These silly policies made us feel unwelcome at the Stratosphere; we felt like our personal well being wasn't important, only our money was what mattered.  In addition to all this, the most annoying thing about our stay was consistently being harassed by people on the casino floor by the Select elevators trying to get us to sign up for promotions and sell us things we had absolutely no interest in. They had a hard time taking a polite "No thank you" for an answer.  All of this guaranteed that when we return to Vegas we will NOT be staying at the Stratosphere.
5	Can not say enough about this super cool place.always on the great price side unlike, MGM, LUXORgreat casino, good choice of table games and slots.clean and always upbeat there, the shops above are great, good bargins to be had, good mexican food and some nice clothes shops.The Tower, AMAZING. look over Las Vegas at night and you'll see how big the city really is.If you ever go TRY to get MEME she is a reservation clerk, she is friendly, great smile and very helpful.CHEERS TO THE STRAT....GO HERE!
1	I'm not sure what they are thinking but as a local, I decided to stay on the strip after a show.  I hadn't been to the Stratosphere in years and now I know why.  For starters, my girlfriend booked the room online at stratospherehotel.com.  I don't know where the rooms are that are pictured on their website, but our room looked like a Motel 6 room... NOT EVEN CLOSE!!!  She got suckered in with a buffet package deal with a "strip view" room.  Turns out, the "view" was of the roof of the casino and the crappy motels next door.  The "Buffet Package" was just a 2 for 1 ticket... an INSULT for anyone that is used to getting those in the mail regularly.  The rest of the "package" deal?  No cover to a bar that wasn't open on tuesday night, membership to the player's club that wasn't open, a $20 all you can drink deal in the main floor bar when you could get $25 all you can drink deal and free admission for the bar in the top of the Tower.The room?  Average.  The halls were dec'd out with new cool wallpaper and carpet... but the room was blah.  Not even a picture on the wall above the bed.  The remote didn't work.  Very few towels.  A leaky sink.  They didn't even put a curved shower rod in the shower so it seemed really cramped in there.  The bed was average... and the view sucked.Gambling?  Good luck finding a server.  My girlfriend and I gambled for over an hour without even a sniff of a cocktail waitress.  We had to go to the bar and play video poker.... which we didn't want to do ... so we could get a free drink.  Even though we had been gambling on the floor for an hour.  When we left, we saw cocktail servers near the table games... on the other side of the casino.DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY HERE!  There are plenty of other hotels on the strip in better locations that will give you better deals and WAY better service...
4	My husband and I stayed here for a night on the way home from my sisters wedding. We got the room on their site for 40 a night including resort fee and opted for the upgrade if available. When we arrived the line for check in was a bit long. Check in is rather slow and though not friendly the staff was not unfriendly either We were informed that there was an upgrade and we opted for the 20 dollar more for a room with a Jacuzzi tub. One note on this they neglected to tell us they don't keep the card you book with on file so when we went to use the internet we were told we'd have to come back down to put a card on file. I wish they'd asked if we'd care to put one on file who wants to stand in that long line again. The lady finally took the info over the phone.  The room was nice clean spacious and a huge bathroom with a tub big enough to swim in. I can't say enough wonderful things about the tub LOL. The bed was big and comfy and the room had a modern sleek feel. These rooms are in the new tower so maybe that is why I didn't have the complaints some others did. The only two complaints I have is that there is no fridge and when someone shuts a door anywhere near your room your door will rattle it's odd.  I loved watching the bungee jumping channel very cute. Won some money playing deal or no deal slots not much but hey it was fun The casino still has real roulette tables which I'm glad I hate the slot version. Valet was quick & efficient and we made use of it because tit is a bit away from the strip. The only other problem I had was when we checked out we tried the in room check out and it said it wasn't working then when we went downstairs and stood in line not so long this time we were told we were already checked out so they might want to look into that because it is an inconvenience. All in all it was a great room at a good price so I'd come back
4	Look, it's not the nicest place on the strip by any means, but it's cheap and they really do try. We had a miserable experience at another hotel and just needed to get out of there, so we asked for a refund and left with nowhere to go. I'd stayed at the Stratosphere before, so I knew what to expect. We walked up to the desk and spoke with a really nice guy who went to his manager to see how good a deal he could get us given our circumstances. We saved a ton of money. They get an A+ for customer service in my book. The room was old and really basic, but it was clean enough and cheap and it was exactly what we needed. We saved a ton of money and escaped a bad situation. I think next time we'll stay in one of the "select" rooms at the Stratosphere. They've just been remodeled and from what I can tell they're much nicer, but for the money, the cheap rooms are fine.
4	Stayed in a suite and it was really nice. Whirlpool tub, big bathroom, and comfortable beds. I would definitely stay there again especially for the price.
2	Just got back from a 3 -night stay at this hotel and will not be returning. We selected the Stratosphere because it was reasonably priced; the Tower fee is waived for guests of the hotel; and the resort fee was included with our Expedia package (WATCH as most hotels charge additional "resort fee" but Expedia will include in some package prices).The room was on the 14th floor with a view of the parking deck...ugh. So maybe it wasn't so bad that the only window in the room was small. And behind the curtain on the window sill was our first Vegas souvenior - a can of SKOAL left by the previous guest and forgotten by the maids.The bathroom was so small that the door practically hit the toilet seat. And why is the bathroom sink and countertop NOT in the bathroom but in our living area? And lacking such amenities as a soap dish? You do get an iron and ironing board - but it makes it difficult to press clothes when the iron is secured tightly to the ironing board like a short leash on a dog. The first morning we also realized NO coffee maker in the room!We thought we could handle the walking, but this was just too much. We did our best and cabbed it when we got tired. I should have brought my sneakers! But you don't go to Vegas packing Rockport walking shoes. You go for the glitz of it all. And because this hotel was so far away, cabbing was a necessity and more than often and adventure. We are from Chicago and cab it quite often, but this crew of cabbies are miserable, sneaky and down right violent. You should be armed with a basic sense of direction, map, cash (because unlike Chicago, they do NOT have to take credit or debit cards) and the phone number of the Taxi Authority. Here is a hint: ALWAYS tell the cab driver you are late for your dinner reservation, show or plane. This will give them a sense of urgency with no questions asked. It worked for us when we needed to get to the RIO and we decided to continue to use that line.We went to Planet Hollywood hotel to check out the casino and were floored by the difference in amenities, decor, guests, location. We felt like THAT should be our Vegas experience next time. Even if we have to spend a few more dollars. It will be worth it.
3	The best thing about the "Strat" (as I found the locals call it) is the price. I liked that you can go up into the Tower for "free" if you're a hotel guest but didn't like having to pay a $15 "resort fee". What is a resort fee? Just another way to get some money I suppose. Here's the deal: the hotel is very clean and well kept, despite it's aging status. Yet getting to the proper Strip is a big pain. You really have to take a taxi, and I say this as an avid walker. So factor that into your price, it's about $10 per ride in the vicinity. More to the airport.The view from the Tower is UNBEATABLE but what is UP with them not allowing tri-pods?? Seriously? I took some shots of the sunset and many of them came out lovely but part of me wants to take a monopod up there and cause some trouble.I might stay here again, but not if I wanted to spend a lot of time on the Strip (I was in town for a wedding this time and didn't gamble).Oh yeah, the buffet is really not bad and worth the splurge for convenience alone not to mention the MAKE-YOUR-OWN SUNDAE MACHINE!!! I may not drink or gamble but I ate my weight in sundaes.The shops at the top are not the shops of Fashion Island but they're great for knick-nacks to take home to friends.
3	Walked down for a break and to see what kind of shape the place was in as stayed here in the past. Looks like it could use another facelift. Service at the bar was very slow and looked like the bartender could care less. Gambled for a short while but the place never gave me a very good feel so we just moved on.
3	When we first arrived, they said we booked a King size bed instead of what we requested which is 2 Queen beds. The receptionist could care less and said she will "reserve a room" for us. She doesn't want to be there and it's written all over her face. After a huge fuss, when we get up to the room, we realized that it's a 2 queen size beds. Basically the receptionist and her computer system is not even accurate. The view up on the tower is amazing, day time and night. It's free for hotel guests and the rides are so much fun. For the price of staying in this hotel it's so worth it.Rooms are decent, clean and just a place to sleep. If you want to party hard inside the room instead of just crashing and showering this is not for you.The swimming pool is awesome!Only thing that's kind of annoying is that though it's on the stripe, you can't walk to the main part of the stripe AT ALL. You must take a taxi. Fare to MGM (which is end of the stripe) is around $20. You do the math.
3	Decent suites. Poor gaming. The tower itself is a tourist trap and the place has no personality overall.
2	One word to describe the Stratosphere: Decent. It is not a wow factor. We didn't have any trouble checking in. I do have to say that before you even get inside the hotel lobby, there is an unusal smell mixed in with cigarettes. That cheap ass shady motel room smell. Then as soon as you walk in, the cigarette smell is intense but that is how all Vegas hotels are. Our room was 8-119. And it was an okay room. The walls are so thin that you can hear what the other person is saying. The view was awful. If you like staring at the parking structure, be my guest. It was awful. The window cleaning guy starts very early in the morning. If you ever stay here and hear something banging against your window, it is him. The bathroom was sooooo  small. It doesn't fit two people. My fiance and I tried. The sink is outside the bathroom and the toilet is with the shower. Overall everything was clean. They should really put shower caps for us sistas' with weaves on. They were lacking. The shops upstairs are swapmeet style. If you want to buy cheap jewelry, cheap purses, cheap leather jackets, etc, this is joint for you. It is not like The Bellagio that has Gucci and Chanel stores. We only came up here to buy t shirts and thats it. On my next Vegas visit, I wont be staying here again. It is too far from the Strip. I hated walking to the Strip and got used to it.  Bring $40. $20 to Strip and $20 back to hotel.
2	Only stay here if you are broke and want to pay a lot of money to get anywhere in Vegas. The room was actually just fine! But the casino and other amenities (pool, etc.) were trashy and dirty with an 80s feel. Every time we ordered room service they got something wrong, and every time I walked through the lobby I felt depressed (by the decor, or just the people).I will say that the lounge at the top of the tower is worth visiting if you aren't staying at the hotel, it has an amazing view and really cool vibe.  Head up there for a nice martini and you will enjoy it.
4	quick update:  Hi Whit :D  The girls are all awesome and so are the suits.  If you can't stay on the "Strip" this is my next favorite spot(next to the Plams :P)
3	We didn't stay at the hotel.Just a quick tour of the casino floor and up the tower.The casino floor was just too bleh for me. It didn't inspire or make you want to hang around.When we got closer to the top they had a large look a like contest and that was amusing in itself. There were some impressive doppelgangers.The hotel also isn't that close to anything, whether it be the main strip or the downtown area. That's a downer to say the least.
3	We didn't stay at the hotel, but ate at the buffet and played blackjack.Buffet was good-- around $20 each. Had lots of options and we ate so much we had to just sit in the booth for a while before we could move. They had cocktail sauce, but no shrimp, which was sad. :( Their dessert selection was also not very good.Great blackjack tables. We played at a $5 min table for a while, with a couple of dealers. They were cute, friendly and willing to teach a couple of newbies the ropes. My friend and I also both ended up doubling our investment, so yay!Free valet parking, woot!
1	With a night nearby Vegas we decided to have  a little fun and ended up making a prepaid reservation at the Stratosphere for the one night. We arrived later in the evening and were told our reservation for a king room would not happen and they only had queen/double rooms, nothing with a view and nothing could be done.The room itself had a failed air conditioner which did not work even after maintenance was there, 2 outlets that are not secured all the way in the wall, a vent in the bathroom falling off and a bathroom door that we could not close or we would be stuck in there because the handle just spun. When we did shower, the towels smelled as if the dryer had caught fire while drying them....and no smoking floors SHOULD NOT STINK OF SMOKE. Heck, maybe get rid of the ashtray by the elevator, people may get the hint.As for the appearance of the room, I was dumbstruck how this makes a 3 star rating. I can only think of one hotel in my adult life I was more disturbed by the cleanliness and the 'happy nap' feel to it... and the other hotel offered 'happy nap' rates.Can somebody tell me WTF is up with the ironing board? The damn iron was attached to the board by a cable and the base was mounted ON TOP of the board, making 1/2 the board useless. I am pretty sure prisons have irons that aren't chained to anything, but Stratosphere does. I guess when you are down on your luck and pissed you are staying in a room like this you will try to pawn anything including their irons.After this first hour in Vegas, we decided to head out of the hotel and spend any money that weekend elsewhere. This hotel is 4 blocks away from anything you would want to give a crap about in Vegas. Seriously, Sahara was closed and nothing for blocks. If it wasn't prepaid, we would have taken our stuff and left. Instead, we had fun elsewhere.Tip for those at the Stratosphere, we don't need the signs every 30 FT telling us abou the brand new rooms you have... if we can't stay in them, that only makes the experience less appealing.
4	Only went to the skybar on the 107th floor and it was fantastic. Great view of the city especially just before sunset. Two for one martini and discounted appetizers for happy hour.
2	So I booked the room straight from the hotels website, and I selected a renovated room. When we got to the hotel and checked into room it turns out we were booked into a non renovated room. I don't the room had been properly cleaned (there was a used q tip & a hair on the bathroom counter) but once we called & had maid service come up they cleaned it. We had a pretty decent view and although we were on a non smoking floor there were a few times when I could smell some ones smoke, and having an astry @ the elevators didn't really help. The walls of the room we were in were kind of raunchy looking (I will include pictures of the walls) and we had to have to someone come and repalce the shower head because when we go there it was broken. The comforters on the bed are kind of thin ( I had to ask for an additional blanket & took the other comforter from the second bed). Once we were checked in, everything went pretty well. House keeping came by daily to clean & she seemed a bit anxious on the days that we didn't let her make the beds. She even came in one day & made the bed with all my crap on it.Basically you get what you pay for, I spent 8 days and paid less than $450 for the whole experience. It's a little far from the actual stripe and the surrounding neighborhood looks a little shaddy, but you can catch the Duece right outside front to take to you just about anywhere. Cab fair to the Encore is gonna run you easily 10-15 each way (& traffic on the stip gets kind of heavy at night) but the Duece is only like $7 for an all ticket. The tower resturant is pretty awesome and the observation deck is cool (it's free if you are staying in the hotel but it's like 16 if you aren't). It wasn't the worse experience ever, but I'm pretty sure I won't be staying here again. If you're just looking for a place to crash while you party, gamble & do whatever further down the strip and want to spend $40 a night getting to the partying, gambleing & whatever then go for it.
1	WAY TO FAR FROM ALL THE GOOD CASINOS! I would not stay here again. the casino and rooms are decent and the price is good...but with the amount of money you spend on cabs you might as well just pay the extra 50 to stay at mgm. the bathroom is super tiny and needs an update. the hair dryer in my room didnt work. the view from my room sucked! (5th floor, room 120) all i could see was a parking garage. and the air quality outside the casino is so horrible. my eyes, nose and throat were killing me after like 20 minutes. the end of the srip where statosphere is was sooo ghetto. tons of cracked out bums and garbage everywhere.
5	Ate dinner here was way over priced $85 for a four course meal but, I didn't leave hungry. If you are a thrill seeker it's a must to go on at least one of the rides on the 108th floor that hang off the roof.
2	Smelly, old rooms.....My friend's friend told us we could bunk with him since we were taking a super last minute trip to sin city.  We were under the impression it would be somewhere cheap, but decent like Tropicana or TI.  Apparently he got the cheap part down, but def. bombed on the decent part when he told us it was the stratosphere.  It was too late to book a room somewhere else without putting a dent in our wallets, so thought ok how bad can this place be?  Now I can see why I always see cheap deals as low as 40 bucks for these rooms..Room smelled like a mixture of stale cigarettes, mold, and funky butt.   The sheets were all pilled and I don't even want to think about if they were clean or not.  The decor is old and outdated, carpet looked nasty.  The hotel and casino in general is really old. Our view sucked, yay the parking garage.   Located on the BFE part of the strip, so far from anything good.  Stratosphere would be promising if they at least revamped it.  Even Imperial palace is much better since they cleaned up that place and did some remodeling.
4	Super quick review:-Snagged this place for $54 on Hotwire for the Friday of Halloween weekend.  There's also an additional $7.50 resort fee.-We were in the Select tower which has their remodeled rooms.  The rooms were new, nice, clean, and modern.  First impressions of Stratosphere are usually "ugh, it's the old hotel that's on the far side of the strip".  If you can get a remodeled room, it's actually quite nice.-Guests get free admission to the tower which was a nice little bonus.  I wished we got a chance to go up the tower at night, but we arrived too late.  The daytime tour was OK.  Overall, we were very pleased with the price we paid Halloween weekend and the fact that we got a remodeled room.  Yes, it's a bit far from the lively  center of the strip, but that didn't matter to us.
1	We got a "suite" and it's oddly shaped and just looks like a regular room.  Too far from everything and nothing special.
1	The "suite" was supremely disappointing (at an extra cost) and looks like any dingy motel room.  The price is good but if you factor in additional cab fare since you are farther from the nice hotels, you are not getting that much of a better deal.
4	Stratosphere is the cheap but it's actually better than most hotels in its price range. Me & my boyfriend booked our hotel on southwest vacation package. I wanted to stay at the  newly selected  rooms that were just remolded in December 2010, we however booked the standard room online. The lady at the desk upgraded our rooms to the new selected rooms FREE of charge. When we arrived to the room it was clean and the bed was just as soft as Vdara's hotel for a wayy cheaper price. Room service was on point & when we checked out 3 hours later than the actual checkout time they didn't even charge us! I highly recommended stratosphere! The rooms are clean and the beds are very comfortable. Ask for the selected rooms that were remolded in December not 2008. I'm not sure how the 2008 rooms are but for a couple more bucks you get a better deal selecting the selected tower rooms. I will be staying at Stratosphere again.
4	Stayed here while we were in town renewing our vows at the Graceland Chapel down the street. Hotel was very clean and nice. The staff was very helpful. The suite was great with a huge tub. The floor we were on seemed to be recently updated.Main downside is that you're pretty far away from the rest of the action on the strip. You'll end up driving or grabbing a cab if you want to check out the other casinos.
5	I want to clarify, it's 5 stars if you don't eat at the restaurant. Our ears popped in the elevator to the 112th floor  my fiance, our reverend, photographer and my fiances friends/ our witnesses looked at each other excitedly not knowing what kind of wedding this would be. Stratosphere was clearly designed with a nature to excite wonder and astonishment and having my wedding here truly embodied the Vegas wedding experience. Service was prompt and punctual. The reverend and photographer showed up on time with a bottle of champagne for us to enjoy and our vouchers to a thrill ride of our choice. We got to the 112th floor where our ceremony was to be held and I gasped in amazement. "HOLY SH**!!!!!!" I seriously yelled that when I saw the city of sin beneath us from such high altitude. Hell never looked so gorgeous! It was even more perfect that we exchanged vows so high up in the clouds that I actually felt like we were being wed right under God just high enough from Hell but still with the thrill of getting married in the sinful decadence that is the Vegas desert. The reverend said such beautiful vows for us and made us laugh the entire time and it was one of the most memorable experiences I've ever had in my life. Our experience was topped off with a thrill ride that was scary enough to send me to the hospital and a meal of mediocrity at the restaurant, which is probably one of the weaker aspects of the stratosphere. Our first meal as a married couple was at the Stratosphere restaurant. The view was there but the food was lacking. Like I said: a meal of mediocrity. We ordered two filet mignon and when they finally arrived it was the source of all jokes. My husbands friends looked at our plates and laughed. Here is the string of jokes that followed:  "Well, when it said petite filet mignon I wasn't expecting MEDALLION" "The only way this would be acceptable is if it was wrapped with bacon""This is literally bite sized" I said, then proved it as I put the ENTIRE THING IN MY MOUTH and chewed through it. Our table erupted in laughter either shocked the steak was that small or my mouth was that big. I wanted to order dessert but decided if dessert was anything like the meal I'd be better off ...
4	Great burger. Awesome view.
3	Staff is very kind, and the rooms are cheap.  I just wish it wasnt so far away from the action, the cabs will kill you.
4	I stayed here for only one day and let me tell you,,, I had a blast!!!!I was in Vegas for three days and had a better night at the starts than Luxor.Granted I spent less at this hotel but got a better room than in Luxor: Pros: All renovated rooms (except for the old tower) if you pay a little more you can get a suit for half the price the other strip hotels charge. Stratosphere did not have the room I ordered available so they gave me a suit instead. It was incredible! 800 sq feet of luxury. Close to Fremont street and pawn stars shop.Unlimited tower visitations.Unlimited bar from  4-10 for 20 bucks at the bar.Much cheaper prices than strip:Cons:Far from the strip: however it's closer to circus, encore, and treasure island. Need to get taxi for transportation. However it's worth it. Important note: don't believe all the people who post negative comments. I thought it was going to be a bad experience and it was not at all. If you have high standard than stay at the palazzo!!!
4	I rated this 4 stars because I came here when I was a little girl and well let's just say I wasn't old enough to really do anything lol. But from what i remember, this hotel was pretty chill. The rooms were satisfying ( well except the window view, we got the back side of the hotel so we couldn't see the strip at all) and clean. Pretty small hotel and casino compared to others on the strip but when I come back I will be sure to get on the rollercoaster rides at the very tippy top of the tower. The pool is pretty big and it has a jacuzzi which to me was awesome!I'll be sure to come back here (when I'm old enough of course) to experince it in a whole new way. =)
1	We visit Vegas regularly and have stayed at the Strat 4 times. We will not be staying again. The hotel has really gone downhill the last 2 times. Customer service is poor. Our friends also stayed ( on our recommendation ) and called ahead to confirm a late check in with a specific bed size and a smoking room. When they arrived they got a room with 2 small beds in a non smoking room. the management didn't even fix that until i went down and made a fuss! My other friend checked in and the room was not even clean. There was urine in the toilet and toothpaste in the sink.The casino doesn't vent very well and tend to be smokier than most of the newer casinos. It is impossible to get a drink while at a machine ( I totally recommend Planet Hollywood for this) and we won more money at the airport machines than in this place. Good bye Strat!
1	Ive stayed at high end and mid level hotels in vegas. Thought id try it out.  All the good reveiws must be from drunks or people that dont stay at better hotels. The place is no better than a local ez 8 motel.  Pimps and hos yelling at 2 am knocking on wrong doors. Ridiculous place . Ive been more comfy at palace station and thats supposedly cheaper than here.  Decent if u just want to crash and dont mind all the ruckus.
1	My brother booked and paid for our room.  When he arrived on Thursday he checked us in as well since we would be there early Friday morning and he wanted to make sure we could sleep as soon as we arrived.  He was told that he could not leave a key at guest services for us and kept the key in his room.  We didn't arrive till 3:30 in the morning.  At which time I had to WAKE UP my brother and his wife to let us into the room.  Later Friday evening our other brother and his wife (who's room was also paid for by my brother) became stuck in the elevator for OVER AN HOUR AND A HALF with 6 other people.  My brother has BAD KNEES and a BAD BACK and there was NO ROOM to sit.  My sister in law was PETRIFIED the entire time.  We MISSED OUT on seeing Bite and my brother was in TOO MUCH PAIN to go out or do anything else.  Although my brother's room was comped, and breakfast provided the next morning (thank you), it did not stop the fact that my brother was in too much pain to enjoy the weekend and in turn RUINED OUR WEEKEND.  He didn't want to do anything because he couldn't, he couldn't walk around and he couldn't sit for long periods of time.  We brought money to gamble and he said no as he was in too much pain.  We couldn't leave him, as we didn't want to be rude, so we didn't do anything other than leave Saturday night to see a show.  He left Sunday and by then, OUR WEEKEND WAS OVER.  When my brother checked out on Monday, October 31st, he was told there wasn't shuttle service to the airport so I woke up at 5 AM to take him to the airport.  I came back to the hotel, slept until 10 and checked out at 11.  As I was leaving, I realized I had forgotten my keys in the room.  My husband went back up to the room to retrieve the keys and housekeeping was already in the room.  They REFUSED to give my keys back and said they had called Security.  We waited for AN HOUR for our keys, at which time I was asked to describe the club cards on my key ring.  I couldn't remember them all, but I KNEW the numbers for 2 of the keys as they were the keys to my desk.  Still Security would not give them back.  I was able to guess at another card on the key chain and they FINALLY gave them back.  I had to rush home in order to make it by 5, just in time to take my children Trick or Treating.  Needless to say the one vacation a year I get to take with my husband was completely ruined.OH!  and when I emailed them my review, not one person contacted me regarding our stay... nice...  DON'T DO IT! Go somewhere else for your money!
3	No complaints here. I only stayed for one night. But if you have been to some of the better Vegas hotels, this place doesn't spark any fireworks.
4	This guys have good affordable rates. Happy hour! All different rages of buy in on their casino tables and not too far from all the craziness of the scrip
3	I truly wanted to give Stratosphere 4 stars because they did an awesome remodel but the location of this hotel is shady and the room temperature was warm. The AC would not allow us to go lower than 69, however, it felt like 75. Now, the beds are very comfortable and the bathroom is a nice size. The walls do seem a bit thin because I heard a lot of random conversations coming from the hall and other rooms. I would stay again because it's cheap but it's far from the strip so I would rather pick another hotel. Tips: Top of the World restaurant is worth dining at at least once :)
4	A must visit when you are in the downtown area!  Love this place!  When you go to the top, it shows the Vegas Strip (which is best seen at night).  I never experienced the rides, but did go to the show and love the casino itself.
1	Why put the toilet so close to the bed? If you're kinky and wanna hear your friends icing the porcelain cake with chocolate frosting, then the Stratosphere is for you. I loved this place so much that I dripped puke all through their casino. One of my best friends slept on the floor with a coverlet as a blanket. And in conclusion, I ate the whole thing. This place hardcore sucks balls. I said it, cuz I'm classy like that.
1	I am late in writing my review as my stay was in October of 2010 - but I wanted to share my experiences with the staff in regards to the lack of customer service I had received while there.We flew in from Portland in the late afternoon and took a cab to the hotel where we checked in and were given our room.  We were not offered any assistance with our bags which but I didn't take notice of it at that point but it is strange due to the fact that most most hotels offer that right away.  I would have refused it however it was the start of our glorious stay at the Stratosphere!We went to our room on the 7th floor and plopped our suitcases and duffle's up on the bed for unpacking when I promptly took my shoes off to walk around the room, scope the place out and get ready to shower.  I came across a 12 inch diameter wet spot on the floor next to the bed and my socks were soaked right away.  I hopped out of the wet spot and stripped off my socks and looked around the room for more wet spots - nothing.  I wasn't about to put my face down to smell the floor but the first thing that came to mind was someone else was unhappy with the hotel and decided to take a whiz before they left or they were drunk from the nightlife and spilled their stomach contents on the floor prior to checking out - and I just got it all over my socks and feet.  The front desk was called and informed of the issue, we were told not to do anything, standby and that someone (the manager) would be right up.  30 minutes go by and another call is made to the front desk - "someone is on the way" they say.  20 minutes go by and we are wondering where this person might be?  We discuss how quite the casino was and the front desk/lobby was not busy at all.  Someone should be here any moment.   Give them a bit longer, perhaps another group of planes came in and they got busy - however we want to get this resolved so we can unpack and go see Vegas, it is our first time here.We waited another 20 minutes and we call again and are told the same thing - someone is on the way.  We tell them to please hurry up as we have been waiting over an hour and we are hungry, want to unpack and shower and go eat as we have been flying all day.  No problem we are told, just a few more minutes.Total time waited at this point before I call - 1.5 hours and I call the front desk and ask for the manager (who is supposed to be on the way to our room) and they pick up the phone and proclaim "Service Manager can I help you".  Hello, do you know which room number I am in?  "Yes sir".  Do you know of the complaint we called about previously?  "Yes sir".  Are you aware that for the past HOUR AND A HALF you were supposed to have been on the way to our room to get this resolved and we have been sitting here patiently waiting for you?  "I will be right there sir".He knocked on our door within 5 minutes and looked at the spot then told us that they just cleaned the carpets, it is nothing.  I asked him why is this one spot soaking wet and not the entire carpet then if the carpet was cleaned?  if it were cleaned, the entire carpet would be damp.  If he is so sure that the spot is from the carpet cleaning, perhaps smelling the spot wouldn't be out of the question?The manager said absolutely out of the question, I had a valid point and he would move us to a different room immediately and have someone else come in and "clean these carpets again".We were moved to a new room on the 19th floor I think it was where indeed the entire carpet was damp and smelled of a fragrant soap.  The manager stated that this one was obviously cleaned and apologized and left.  That was it, nothing about leaving us sitting in the piss/puke room or about putting us in a room with a completely damp carpet.  We called downstairs again and asked them to bring up fans to dry out this carpet and they did.  They offered NOTHING for the hassle and no apologies for the wait.The entire stay construction was going on throughout the day and night, you could hear hammering through the walls and ceiling in the elevator as you came and went.  The food in this hotel/casino was pretty crappy.For 9 bucks more a night you can stay at the Luxor which is a cool place and in a safer location.  This hotel is also at the bad end of town and if you walk down to the strip you have to walk through the ghetto and there are some suspect people standing outside the t-shirt stores and liquor stores begging for money and scoping out the passers by.Spend your money elsewhere.
3	We stayed here on New Years and it was awesome. The beds are very comfortable and the hotel rooms and floors were quiet. The party was kept in the Tower and Casino but not in the rooms so it was wonderful! The service is good, people everywhere are really friendly, and penny slots constantly pay out. We had a nice time and will definitely return.The buffet was terrible though. They could improve on that.
5	My boyfriend and I recently stayed here and it was the best first Vegas experience ever. The staff was very friendly and were always willing to help us. The rooms were really nice and the view from the top of the tower was beautiful. I will definetly be staying here next time I go to Vegas.
3	We were in the newer tower, so the room was nice. The shower did have mold along the top of the shower, which I wasn't to fond of. The hotel itself was decent, the price that we paid, it meshed well. I was satisfied while in the hotel. Really the biggest issue I had was every time I pulled into the self parking, I had to watch drug deals go down at the crappy apartments next door. It was right there every time, it got humorous. I had two trips on the elevator that the people in it with me were ... questionable, lets say.  Staff was very courteous, the service was quite well. For the price I am not displeased, but for my trip next month, I will look elsewhere.
4	I can't recall checking in here, it's still a bit of a blur, I had a great time that night though and Strat was a part of that night...  So Kudos to the tall hotel....
4	Roller coaster.... Good!!!!    In fact, amazing.Location of said roller coaster... Even more fabulous.Location of hotel... Not so good.  Especially when you've dressed nice with your lady pals and head on out to the strip.  3 hours later and 30 propositions from strange weirdos later, we finally made it to Caesars palace.  Although I had a great time next time I'd book a place closer to wherever the action is (bellagio, Caesars palace).  The upside is it does have free parking below!!
5	We were there for 5 days and nights and it was fabulous! We also had our wedding reception there, and the staff was courteous, efficient and always so helpful.  We were given room discounts and upgrades by the hotel Mgr. who was so very happy to help with everything...our coordinator, the buffet manager, the hotel staff TOP NOTCH! Don't let the lower rates here fool you, it doesn't affect the service or facility at ALL
2	It was my first time in Vegas and I went with my friend John, now John is a vegas junkie, usually he travels out there in November and March every year. He loves hitting ther strip during March Madness.Anyway, he had found a deal at his travel agent, he booked us two different deals, one was at Treasure Island, that deal included airfare. The other deal was two days and three nights at the Stratosphere, free. When you checked in they gave you 100 dollars in free slot play, 50 bucks cash, and free buffet. All we had to do was check in, go to the room, mess up the beds and go stay in comfort at  Treasure Island. One catch, we had to participate in a slot tourniment one of the days we were there. You had to sign up at the front desk. The tourny was every hour on the hour from 8 am to 8pm. So we signed up for 2 pm the next day to fullfill our requirements to recieve the free room.The Stratosphere was in some sort of finacial trouble it seems and were giving rooms away to get people to gamble in their hotel. So we got our room keys (NO BELLHOPS?) we took a very old, creeky elevator to our floor and when John opened up his door he noticed people in bed watching TV, it was pretty funny, not to the people in bed though, but I still chuckle about it when he brings it up. They got it straighten out and apologized.The place was a hole, I mean a real dump. We couldn't wait to get out of there and check in at Treasure Island. We each had fifty bucks cash from the Stratosphere and returned the next day to play in the tourny, I did'nt do very well, there but i did dump the hundred dollers in free slot play in a 5 dollare machine and walked out well ahead.But seriously, there are so many nice places to stay in Vegas.PS, rode the roller coaster at the top, I will never do that again, that is one crazy ass ride!
3	We stayed here on our wedding night in a suite. So yes it was 4 years ago.It was perfect for us as it was a suite and was located in the same hotel as we were having our meal. That said its not the best hotel on the strip and it is a way out from a lot of stuff. Perfect for our needs at that time ;)
4	Stayed here for 3 nights. Great room service! Friendly, and helpful staff! Not too many tv channels to see just basic local tv which sucked! Other than that stay was pleasant!!
5	I was really taken care of well here by a customer service manager after some minor confusion with a reservation - if you have never been to the top of the tower at night this is a must do in Vegas. Enjoy!
3	Ended up at the Statosphere last weekend as I had dinner at their Top of the World restaurant. (see separate review).It's out of the way - not close to the downtown or the other strip properties. It's also near a pretty sketchy area though things are being done to try to improve the area. The interior isn't too bad considering the age of the property and with the things to do high up in the tower, it's too bad you have to pay to get up otherwise it would probably be busier. The tower that is.I didn't stay in the rooms so from what I was able to see from the parking structure to the tower, management is doing a decent job of drawing people there. Gaming, lounges and dining - all reasons to go. Anyway - the place is ok. Been to better. Been to worse.
3	I have stayed at the Stratosphere many times.   If you are looking for a posh glamerous place,  close to the heart of the strip.....LOOK ELSEWHERE.  If you are not a new visitor to Las vegas and know exactly what you are there for the Stratosphere my be a good low priced option.    I have stayed at The Wynn, Bellagio, TheHotel........these hotels are amazing.  When I go to Vegas alone (or with the guys) to party and gamble I'd rather have the extra money to spend on fun.  For this type of trip the Stratosphere is PERFECT.  After all who spends time in the room in Vegas anyway.I would recommend the Stratosphere to anyone.....just understand what it is....and what it is not.    It may not be for you.
4	Got a really sweet deal on a room here for two nights; it barely set me back $100 total.Now, when you pay so little for a place to stay, you should generally understand that a few things will be lacking.  This said, in the case of the Stratosphere, overall, there really wasn't all that much to complain about.  The room was surprisingly spacious and was clean.  We didn't have one of the newly renovated rooms but it was still in good shape; nothing super-memorable, but, nothing *bad* either.The view from the 15th floor was nice; we had a decent view of the strip and it looked great at sunset.  Mind you, the Stratosphere is definitely on the further end of the strip, so consequently, you have to walk or cab about a half-mile before you start seeing much and don't really hit the thick of it for about two miles, which I really don't mind.Had fun in the casino and actually came ahead with the slots.  The desk staff, attendants at the tower and rides, and the lounge staff were all really friendly and had a great sense of humor.  The bartender at the bar when you first walk in the front doors was quick, but wasn't much help when I asked if there were any places that had pizza or tacos in the area and quickly left to go talk with other staff members, but the guys at the desk on the graveyard shift were helpful.Overall, had a nice experience and didn't pay too much for it.  I'm the sort of person who doesn't spend much time in their room when they're out on vacation, and I found the free tower access and 2-for-1 martinis at the tower lounge to be preferable to having a marble countertop in my bathroom (which I have at home anyways).
4	I remember this hotel when I came to Vegas with my papa them when I was 12. Didn't go in it then but did in our trip here. Awesome self parking connected to the hotel. (not a mile walk) Cool, old school feel walking around the Stratosphere. Lot of cheap minimum bet gambling tables which was perfect for a first time gambler. Their dealers at the blackjack table so so funny and inviting. Not like those foreign, grumpy ones at the higher class hotels. Would have been 5 stars if they didn't charge to go up to the tower. I can't complain, the view was phenomenal. I ain't afraid of heights but would have been cooler at night to see all the lights on the Strip.Visited Aug 2011
5	Very tall, and a bit of a cab ride from the strip. However, it's totally worth it to go up to the top and just look down at the city or go on one of several rides that take you above Las Vegas.
3	Unless you are staying here it will set you back $16 to get to the observation deck. You can go up to the bar for free, but you are so far away from the windows that I wasn't impressed. The hotel itself is nice, I stayed here for one night a few years ago and thought it was a great deal. Its north of the good stuff on the strip, so don't expect to walk down and see stuff. You'll need a cab or a car.
3	This review is from the perspective of a day visitor to the Stratosphere rather than from a hotel guest.My friends and I came over to the Stratosphere in order to try the thrill rides at the top of the tower. About half of us would be riding, making the $16 elevator ride to the top a pretty steep wager for those who were just waiting for us to ride. They came up anyway.Once at the top, there is a restaurant that serves burgers and other self-creation sandwiches along with a 360 degree view of the rest of the strip. The 108th floor is indoor viewing, while the 109th is outdoor.It cost $31 to get a tower entrance and a ride on all three rides, which alone may seem expensive, but was pretty trivial in comparison to the tower entrance fee. As for the the thrill rides:X-Scream: A must ride in the FRONT seat. The effect of being propelled off the side of the tower is effective, and you will feel something. Though the literal ride itself is not incredibly intense, it's design makes it pretty thrilling.Insanity: Perhaps the most intense of the three for those who have a fear of heights. You are spun at 40 miles per hour with a 70 degree tilt toward the ground off of the Stratosphere tower. While I don't think this ride would make too many people dizzy, I would suggest concentrating your eyes to one spot on the ground to avoid a milkshake explosion.Big Shot: DEFINITELY the best ride of the three. The ride is your typical space shot tower, except its 1100 feet off the ground. Usually, I find this kind of ride semi-intense, over-relying on the initial shot then fizzling out afterward. This one, being high off the ground gave a terrifying view! And at the top, they stop the ride sufficiently as to give a STRONG negative-G pop that makes you feel like you're literally floating over the entire Las Vegas strip. If my group wasn't in a rush to the next event, I would have definitely ridden this puppy again!Overall, the property isn't bad, but is a bit expensive for what it's offering, even by Vegas standards. I'm glad to see that this hotel hasn't become a complete victim of the newer Vegas fanfare.In the future, I hope to try the SkyJump, which also seemed really popular (1000 foot jump off the tower), and I'll likely give that a try also on a future visit (the ambulances are always standing by right on the ground... CRAZY!).
2	This hotel is probably idea for smokers or people who love the smell of cigarette smoke.  If you are sensitive to smells and indoor air quality, stay away.  Like, don't even visit the casino or the rides.  I'm conflicted about this place.  On the one hand, it was really, really cheap to stay here for a week, on the Strip, in Vegas, in a room with two queen beds.  Check in and check out were painless.  They upgraded me from a 6th floor to a 23rd floor room on Sunday.However, if you go to other hotels on the strip you're going to get major location, fanciness, and smell envy.  Yes, smell envy.  Let me start there.The casino in the Strat smells like disgusting stale smoke.  While there are signs when you get off the elevator saying "Non smoking floor."  Why they bother to say that when they clearly don't enforce it is a source of consternation for me.  There were even cigarette marks on the toilet seat in my room on the 23rd floor.  When patrons come up the elevators to your floor, they also bring an elevator full of gross smoke smell.  There are also ashtrays at the entrance to the elevators.  ON A NON SMOKING FLOOR.  HELLO.The room itself also had terrible air quality.  I could smell smoke strongly in the first room I had, not so much in the second.  But the second's air conditioner had some sort of janky filter rigged to the AC which was full of dust.  Our noses were running the entire time.Also, there seemed to be construction going on above our room.  At 7 in the morning.  On a Sunday.  It sounded like people banging on wood and dropping things.I'll update this review as I remember more stuff but overall, if I had to do it again, I'd go with Circus Circus, which is cheaper, bigger, and closer to the action.
3	It was very inexpensive to stay here for 4 nights, which was why we chose it. The room was clean, but the ventilation blew cigarette smoke into our non-smoking room, which was pretty gross.  You also get to go up to the top of the tower for free if you're staying there, which is why I gave it 3 stars instead of 2.  Wasn't horrible, but probably would never stay here again because of the smoke.
2	My husband and I spent a weekend in Las Vegas 2 weeks ago. Before booking with travelocity i went to the stratosphere's website and looked at all the pictures. i was very impressed and excited about our relaxing stay. unfortunately when we got there it was a different story. our room looked worse than something form a motel 6. in fact i have stayed at nicer motels. Our room was old and disgusting, the shower didn't work. and it make the stay very uncomfortable. We go to las vegas every year to get away, we will never stay in this hotel again. we were very unsatisfied.
1	We have stayed here with a large group of people for the past 5 years.  This will be our last stay--place is not what it used to be.  Management has changed hands and service/quality has gone downhill.  They used to waive the $7.50/per day resort fee for us, but not anymore. Your resort fee gets you unlimited access to the tower which means absolutely nothing unless that is going to be your main entertainment during your stay.   Their "upgraded" rooms really aren't all that upgraded.   Room became stuffy and hot each night even with the air conditioning blowing full blast and down as far as it would go to 69.  A/C blows across the window toward the opposing wall and not into the room.  You could definitely smell smoke in the room and hallways even though it was a non-smoking room and portion of the floor.    We had a  jacuzzi tub--not worth the added expense.  Took 45 minutes to fill above the jets, and when you could turn the jets on, only 2 of the 6 really worked.  Shower head was terrible.  Towels were newer than in previous years, and housekeeping services were to be commended, at least for our room each day.C-bar and casino are smokey and noisy.  You cannot get service from the bartenders unless you are sitting at the bar playing the machines.  Waitresses will come over and ask you if you would like to order, but when we ordered from one, she never brought our order.  She came back 45 minutes later and remembered we had ordered and were still waiting, placed the order a second time, put it on her tray, but never brought that order either.   My advice is to go upstairs to the retail floor store and buy your beer there--its a dollar and a half cheaper than the bar, and you get it quicker.  Area outside the hotel is less than desire able--you are located in a severely depressed location on the strip, however, the first couple years we stayed here we were able to walk outside the hotel in a group.  Now that the Sahara hotel has closed, the undesireables who live outside on the street are more prevalent.  We were warned by a cab driver not to walk around the outlying area to get anywhere so we always took a cab.  Be warned--those who live on the outside easily make their way inside the hotel lobby, casino, restaurants and bar, and have incredibly easy access to all the elevators and any floor in the hotel.  They will follow you around and panhandle relentlessly.  Bartenders do nothing to get them to leave the bar area.  Do not leave your personal belongings laying by a slot machine--we heard of many peoples cell phone being stolen, while they were distracted by some "incident" around them  It used to be security was posted at each elevator entrance at night and you had to show your room key to get into the elevators but no more.  For the most part, security in this hotel is non-existent and when we tracked them down and approached them about our concerns, they seemed uninterested at most.  Eating options are extremely limited around this hotel.  The Mexican restaurant has good food, and in the past we have eaten at Fellini's Italian restaurant.  Other than that your options are Roxy's Cafe which is noisy and pricey for the amount, McDonalds, Tower Pizza and the Buffet.  Many of the stores on the Retail floor will give you a 10% discount if you use your ACE/PLAY card--25% at the buffet.
5	I love this place!  A bit off the beaten path, but it's less crowded and pretentious than Bellagio.  Good cheap drinks, plenty of room at nickel slots, a nice restaurant at the top, and an "interesting" evening show.  Don't take kids to that!! It has a strange old-school charm overall.  Starbucks on the first floor, a copious buffet, and a 50's diner complete your culinary options.  Parking is free!  Room itself was on the bare bones side and bathroom had the cheapest shower curtain I've ever seen, but the view rocked.Go to the top floor for a panoramic rotating view of Vegas!
4	Now mind you its dated and I am ranking this totally based on the casino games and drinks. I like it. Its old school and you are not the most hip and happening hanging here but they will get you booze and low limits on tables. I like the gaming area and the second pit hidden downstairs is a nice place to fall back to if the main pit get too crowded. Dealers are good and drinks flow freely so it a win win as far as gambling goes.
4	I stayed here and my overall experience was a good one.  I had the king suite which was very spacious and met my expectations.  The price was stellar and the restaurants, gift shops, were good as well.  The fitness center could use some upgrading as it is very small and cannot accommodate multiple people exercising one muscle group.  The top of the tower view is great and there's a restaurant that slowly rotates so you can view the whole city.  I didn't go on any of the rides ( no death wish yet) but they look really cool.  Maybe next time I will do the bungee jump.Only thing i didn't like about the Stratosphere is the housekeeping workers didn't return my souvenirs which was key chains and magnets.  Not even worth $20 but hey, @#$% rolls down hill right?
2	The stratosphere is the worst casino on the strip!Let's start with the building, it is old and in disrepair. It is still safe building but the inside and outside are dated and need to be updated. I expected the buffet to be wonderful but when it was all said and done I ate more cold cereal than I did anything else. Not worth the money or your time, you would get better food at a vending machine.One of the big things that draws people to the stratosphere is the viewing deck and the rise of top however the cost just to get upstairs is astronomical. In less you are going up to ride one of the many amusement rides it is not worth your money.The only thing that was good at the stratosphere was their show the bite. It had comedy, acrobatic acts, nudity, and magic. It was a pretty neat show other than that stay away from the stratosphere.
3	Solid hotel and very cheap.  We would go back.
2	We stayed here for one Friday night while passing through, but it was more than enough as a future reminder to not stay here for any future stays.We got to the hotel registration around midnight, and there was a ~20 people deep wait just to get checked in. With just 4 people working the computers to do the check in, everyone seems frustrated and dreary eye to just get a room.Oi...get into a non-smoking room around the 10th floor and it STILL reeks of cigarette smokes. Ick! I know I know...it's Vegas--you have indoor chain smokers everywhere. There really is no such thing as "non-smoking" options. At all costs, try to avoid a room across or near the elevators as our room was across from an elevator and it was loud that it was a nuisance when you're just trying to sleep. Topple that with blinds that don't fully block out the lights from outdoors. Yea...not a pleasant experience. Yea...you get what you pay for here: old, smoky, outdated, sketchy drunks and gamblers stumbling on casino floor.
3	Hotels are the opposite of people in that you can take the ghetto out of a hotel, but you can't take the hotel out of the ghetto.  Alright, that's a little harsh, but let me explain: my first stay here was in 2006 and the changes that I noticed during my recent stay were substantial.  Yea, I know changes would take place during a 6 year gap, duh, but the hotel rooms are significantly better, much nicer than I expected for the price.  The guest services are also terrific: fast/friendly check-in and they even helped me get an electric-scooter rental.The casino is okay, not a bad place to get in some low-to-moderate stakes gaming, but your experience, particularly at tables will be dependent on other guests and customers.  And that's where my ghetto comment comes in, the Stratosphere neighborhood (technically on the strip, but not really) isn't the nicest and you will see a lot of ghetto folks walking around the casino.  BUT you'll never feel unsafe, and that's a big credit to Stratosphere.The biggest drawback to the Stratosphere is that, again, its not really on the strip and you can't really go other places without taking a cab, which will run you about $15-$20 per ride to the strip hotels.  Doesn't sound like much, but if you take a cab during the day, come back and change and go back out at night, that can be up to $80/day and cut into the good value of the hotel.
3	Can I give this 2.5 stars?Pros:- Free Parking- You can go up to the lounge for free and check out the view- High kitsch factor if you're into that (I am!)Cons:- Casino is pretty smokey- Lots of kids running around- The interior needs a face lift- You have to go through a metal detector to go up to the top. Why?- Need some better signage inside to navigate around
1	Hotel was average, my view was ok but only on 7th floor. Be prepared to do alot of walking, it's so crazy how if you get on the wrong elevator you end up on some mystery floor. Everything is totally expensive in the restaurants and bars, the back alley bars bartenders charge different prices every time you order the same drinks, it's totally odd, burgers are 15 dollars just for a cheese burger that is all dry and nasty .  and be totally ready to have everybody offer "upgrades" some do it nice and some are just down right pushy and sneaky, telling you how much better it is blah blah blah, worked one time on me with the rental car but not again...everybody wants your money so have a budget and watch out for the scary area's and hookers.
4	My second trip ever to the Stratosphere, and I still like it.  Sure, it's not a five star mega-casino a mile down the strip, but it's actually affordable.  The Deuce stops right outside the casino near the buffet and runs from Fremont Street to the Mandalay, with enough stops in between to get you where you want to go.  As for the surrounding area, you can actually walk outside and get a decent price on some food, or a bottle of liquor, for those looking to enjoy Vegas on a budget.  The rides were okay, the Big Shot being the only must do, but the views are awesome and the place is nowhere near as crowded as most of the strip casinos.  I highly recommend the strat, particularly the upgraded Select rooms.  My only negative applies to all of Vegas, as I am a non-smoker.  Nothing is more ridiculous than watching 50 people walk through a casino get irritated as they walk by one idiot chain smoking at a slot machine.  Eventually Vegas will realize most Americans do not indulge in this disgusting habit and ban it in public venues.  Until then though, we'll just have to suffer if we want to visit.
4	While I only went here for the rides, Lets just say that the Stratosphere isnt a bad place.  It definitely stands out as it looks unique.There is always a line for the rides on top.
4	I'm a big Vegas fan and have stayed at plenty hotels both old and new.  We decided to try the new select rooms and we are pleasantly surprised how decent they were. We had a big a group of people both old skool and kids so we thought this was a good choice hotel because of its history. We know the Stratosphere is bit of a hike from the strip but it has its pluses. You can either eat in the hotel or walk a block or 2 to several fast food chains.  There are also several convenience & liquor stores as well within a block. Everyone in our group got a high level room (19th or 24th floor) and real non smoking.  All have views of the strip, the tower & sky jump and free unlimited passes to Tower with hotel key card. Check in was breeze, got there at 11am and there were 8 people at registration working.  Plenty of parking and unlike some other big hotels, the garage is close by to the elevators. Had lunch at Top Of The World and the food was pretty darn good. Yes, this is not a $300 plus range hotel with the snooty crowd.  Its a casual hotel with a mixture of friendly old and young crowd. It is a little bit noisy because its a crowded busy hotel but we loved our stay cause we knew what to expect!  Check out some pictures of the select room and give this iconic hotel a try :)
3	I wasn't impressed but I don't regret the stay. It was the cheapest hotel on the strip for the nights I needed. The rooms were clean. I was disappointed that the pool closed so early. They have 2 pools, one on the 8th floor (family pool) and another "adults only" pool on the 25th floor. I was really looking forward to hanging out at the 25th floor pool but apparently it's been closed or a whole and nobody cared to tell us.It definitely gets marked down for being so far away from the main stuff on the strip, it's about a 1.5 mile walk to get down to the other hotels and attractions on the strip... the walk is through a bit of a scary area so girls definitely don't want to walk alone (I'd suggest at least a group of 3 if you're going to make the trek).The buffet was ok. Nothing too great and it was $20 per person, I don't feel like it was worth the money but it also wasn't worth taking a cab ride (or scary walk) to get to another hotels buffet.We changed hotels after a couple days.
3	I don't even know where to begin with this stay. Lets start with the things that impressed me.The price was really cheap, it was at least 40 dollars cheaper then the other hotels we looked at for the same night. -When you stay there you also get access to the tower for free-the pool is beautiful. -There is also a lovely restaurant Ruby's with the sweetest waitresses EVER in it.  -It's also fairly close to bus stops (A bus pass was only 7 dollars for 24 hours so not bad). -The rooms were lovely, and the beds were super comfortable. It was extremely clean and the hair dryer worked well. Lot's of space, oh and the curtains do well blocking out the light! Things I wasn't impressed with:-The people working the counters had no idea what was happening. I called for a late check out and asked them to charge me, they then told me I'd be charged, which I responded was the point and I was okay with, and then they reminded me I'd be charged. Right. Then on check out they were also a little confused as well. -The Starbucks in the hotel is AWFUL, worst service, worst attitude, worst cup of coffee ever!!!!! (and I love Starbucks, just don't go to this one). - The concierge had no idea what was happening around, no deals we could get, or offers we could take advantage of except for some deal for 140 dollars (sorry not a deal). So over all it was worth the price and the money, and as long as you don't bother with the terrible starbucks it's a perfect 3 star hotel!
3	I am also giving a 3 stars because of the following:PRO:1) really cheap price ($26/nite on weekdays)2) free unlimited access to tower is awesome.  the view is really nice, and watching drunk people jump off the tower is fun too.3) room is decent enough for the price4) good location (not far from new hotels on the strip)Mehs:1) there are lots of weird and depressed looking people here. 2) the whole place isnt kept up.  parking lot is dirty and scary, lots of places not clean, furniture in room pretty old.  3) area is creepy and scary. even the downtown area (which is really bad compared to new hotel areas) was a whole lot cleaner, brighter and with happier looking people.this is a good place to stay for the first one or two nites in vegas, because the view from the tower is really beautiful and its a must see.  but other than that, better food, fun, and happier people are somewhere else.
4	The Stratosphere is the perfect place if you're doing Las Vegas on a budget and you still want to have a good time! My boyfriend and I went for our anniversary (because we're awesome) and we were actually really impressed. The rooms were clean and the view was great (we could see people bungee jumping AND we had a view of the pool, which was sexy). I found myself almost every morning sitting in the window ledge watching crazy people jump. There's also a live stream of the jump on one of the hotel's tv channels which serves as the perfect music for getting ready, especially if you grew up loving pop punk. THE POOL! Why is no one talking about the pool? Yeah it's not Rehab, but it's awesome! The cocktails are fabulous and SOOOO good, seriously so good, and there's bikini black jack, tons of giveaways, and CABANADA! Obvs, I appreciated that. Honestly, my boy and I didn't leave this hotel for the first 24 hours or so we were in Vegas and I don't regret it. The casino has awesome drink deals and I still remember our Black Jack dealer Annie who was amazing! We were there during playoff hockey and got to bet on the games, big deal for Torontonians let me tell you. Also I found everyone here really nice. They all wear the locations of where they're from so conversation is a breeze. It's incredible how many people go to Vegas and decide not to leave! We also caught the show Bite - a topless vampire musical set to 80's rock. It was a riot!THE BAD: The hotel was much farther down the strip than Google maps led me to believe. We decided to walk down the strip to get to the action and it was sketch central. So many people who were really messed up. Honestly, everything was good here. Great restaurants and lots to do, plus the view from the top is breathtaking. I regret not dining in the restaurant, which apparently is amazing. We headed to the top one afternoon to do the rides, which was such a rush! It really provides perspective on Vegas as a city. We ventured into other hotels and casinos and they were nicer, granted, but you really can't get better than the Strat on a budget.
3	Was a very intimate and chill place to stay for VEGAS.  If you are agoraphobic (have a fear of crowds) than this side of the strip/hotel would be perfect for you.  We stayed in the basic room and there was no mini-fridge in the room.  Sad face.Another sad face moment, very very shallow pool.  Think our section of the pool was 4 feet or 3 feet.  that is ok but you should know, tall people like to be deeper in pools sometimes.  Good things: it was quiet and simple, not crowded at all even though we were in town when there was a boxing fight going on that weekend; FAT TUESDAY in the hotel.  FREE TOWER ACCESS for hotel guests, Non-hotel guests pay $12 just to get to the top of the tower, not including rides (each ride about 12 bucks)  YAY! Also, a discounted all-day pass for the rides if you're staying at the hotel.Overall, not too bad.  Either way, its freakin' VEGAS man.  If I stayed in a hole in the wall, it wouldn't matter because Vegas is Vegas and that's all there is to it.
3	Hotel staff is very friendly! The hotel room was ok, but the bathroom not so good! The toilet don't flush well and it sounds like a airplane bathroom. To get to the shower you have to step up into the shower. To have a fridge or microwave into the room is $10 extra for each per day. To get the same room but renovated its $15 extra a day! The TV channels there aren't many. I would not come back!
1	I have never had an experience with a hotel as bad as the one I had this past weekend at the Stratosphere in Las Vegas.This week is my 36th birthday; so to celebrate, I decided, on the spur of the moment, to make a trip to Vegas to go to one of my favorite clubs last weekend.  I mean, why not? This past year, I received a kidney transplant. No more dialysis, so now I could travel freely. I had the money.  No reason not to, right?I originally wanted to just go and book whatever hotel room I could find while I was in Vegas itself, but at the urging of a close friend, I chose to go online and see if I could find a deal.  I used a third party website, and found a room at the Statosphere for $67 per night.  Since I was traveling late, and would not get there until after midnight, I booked it for Saturday, figuring I would stay overnight and come back to LA on Sunday. No problem, right?Apparently, in Las Vegas, days do not begin at midnight like they do everywhere else in the U.S.  They begin at 3pm, which was naturally not indicated on my confirmation.  So when I got to the Statosphere, and tried to check in at midnight itself, I was told that I would have to buy two days, because this was still considered Friday. No attempt to make good, just to charge me more money, a pattern I would later learn was typical for the Stratosphere.Across the street was a sleazy motel, so I figured I could just crash there for the night, and check into my room the next day. Since I did not have the much vaunted Statosphere for internet access, I searched for a wireless connection. As luck would have it, the city provides $5 wireless per day through Las Vegas.net. I bought two days, figured I would check in to the Statosphere the next day and all would be well.When I got to there, I learned why my room had been such a "bargain": it came with a glorious view of some storage area where apparently the hotel keeps scrap metal. Two windows worth, no less.  But that wasn't as bad as learning that the Stratosphere BLOCKS wireless providers so you have to buy theirs... at $11 a day.Flabbergasted that a ritzy (cough!) hotel would be this cheap, I realized that I would have to use the phone to make my plans for the night. Not a big deal, I have a phone card, and their phone's display said local calls were free, except that, well, they're not.  When I just got a rapid dialtone whenever I dialed nine, I tried calling the front desk for a solution. They put me on hold FOREVER.  I tried other numbers - the concierge, the operator, SOMETHING - to find out what was wrong with my phone so I didn;t have to sit on hold, but to no avail.  The Statosphere wanted me to hold on for five minutes, no matter what. So I did, only to learn that local calls are A DOLLAR each. What's on the phone, I guess, was put there by the manufacturer, because no one in their right mind would believe a luxury hotel would charge a buck each for LOCAL calls. But the Statosphere is not like other hotels.  It's far worse.So I used the cell, got to where I needed to go, and got the Hell out of there, discovering my favorite thing about the Statosphere - check out is easy and fast. I'm sure they had to do that because they get so many.Bottom line, unless you're part of the 1%, stay at Circus Circus if you're going to Las Vegas on a budget. And stay as far from the Statosphere as you can. The tower, I now believe, was put in to distract you from how horrible this place is. Never again.
2	We used to stay at here every year for our anniversary, but the last year we had a few bad experiences. First off they changed the TOP OF THE WORLD's food and it is not as good as it used to be. We used to have our anniversary dinner here every year since before my husband proposed, and every year after! That is till last year. That was 6 years!! We also loved the menu at Roxy's Dinner and had gone there every chance we got, but for the rest of the hotel forget it. I don't understand why they can't keep a record of returning customers preferences!? I had to tell them every time that it was our anniversary. At The SWAN hotel in Orlando we dropped a bottle of wine coming into the hotel in front of a valet and he found out that it was for our birthday celebration and when we got back from our day at the park there was a bottle of wine similar to the one we dropped, with a happy birthday note!!! Now that is customer service!!  The year before last I booked the sweet heart suite and when we got there that was not what they gave us. I called down and told them the room was the wrong one and they said it was my fault, that I booked it wrog. They did try to make it better (after some arguing) and gave us a different room. Which was great! It was a suite that looked out right onto the Sky Jump. It tickled me to watch the people as they went by my window all day and night!! I laughed every time. I love it so much that I asked to book that same room for when we return, the lady said no problem that we could get that same room. I paid the higher price so I could have the SAME room!! When we came back they didn't give us the same room! They put us way on the other side of the hotel! I told them it was the wrong room and that I wanted the same room we had last time, that the lady I booked with said we could get the same room. They said that that room was rented out but they could put us in a room near it, I said the whole point I wanted that room was so I could watch the people fall past my window! The room they gave us you could see the jump unless you pressed your face to the window and only just barely. The room smelled when we walked in, there were stains on the couch, mold all over the bathroom shower, and dirty feet print on the bottom of the tub! I wasn't going to call again because it just seemed like there was no use. Then, they called us and told us that we can't stay our whole stay in that room because they had a VIP coming that was going to be put into that room. Now that really chapped my hide!!! I told them "So you are saying this person is more important than us??!! They basically told us they were, and we were out of the room. I told them I wouldn't be coming back, and that they might want to rethink putting their "VIP" in that room!For even cheaper, $16 a night, we stayed at the Boulder Station Hotel & Casino that has newly renovated rooms, and the restaurant has phenomenal food!  So if you don't care about staying on the strip stay at the Boulder Station Hotel & Casino.
2	This place was horrible, well maybe just not that great.  I stayed there on the Friday before New Years Eve, when the rooms are quite expensive.  They put me in a room that was had not even been made up yet.  I called the front desk.  They asked me to come to the lobby again for new keys.  There was no room upgrade for the inconvenience.  The new room was not that great.  And they even put me in the remodeled wing of the hotel.  I would not feel safe walking around this area at night.
4	We try to go Vegas every few years.  In 2005 we stayed at the Stardust and liked it. (I know, the Stardust, awww, and I'm only in my 40's)  For our trip in August 2011, we stayed at the Strat, mainly because it was the best deal we could find.  Here's what I like about the Strat.  It's on the Strip, but less crowded and not as hectic.  You can park in the garage, walk to the the entrance, go down the escalator and around the corner to the elevator and up to your room.  It has all the penny and nickle slots we like to play, and you can usually get on a game and not have to wait.  The Hangover Game is AWESOME, and I won the progressive jackpot (ok, it was $408, but still....) The buffet is quite good,  a nice selection and there is an omelette station.  We like to go and explore, sometimes on the Strip, sometimes downtown at Fremont Street, so the location is central to both.  The pool is also awesome and quite a bit of fun.  The crowd is more laid back and easy going, not pretentious at all.  The tower is free when you stay there.  Go on a windy day and feel it sway and see how fast you want to go back down!The surrounding area is a bit scary, and has deteriorated.  We paid $7 and took a cab to Circus Circus just to play it safe.  Many of the surrounding buildings are vacant or worn down.  More a factor of how the economy has hit Vegas than anything else.  I must say though that I always felt safe, especially in the parking lot and surrounding  area.  The accomodations were ok in August.  A bit dated, but clean and comfortable.  And again, we paid about $48 a night.  I didn't notice a smoke smell like others have noted and  I didn't think that the casino was very smoky.  I'm a former smoker and I do notice and it does bother me, so for me it was fine.  The staff were friendly and helpful.  The wait staff at the buffet are amazing.  Pedro was attentive and the one morning I wasn't feeling too well (too much time at the bar), and he made sure I had plenty of coffee to get me back to speed.  We returned in October 2011, to meet with some friends.  I had recieved a couple free nights and was able to get a third free night  from my friend staying with me attached to my two free nights.  They gave us the more expensive weekend nights for free and added two more nights for $39 each.  A great bargain!  I requested the newly remodeled Central Tower and my room was very nice, with a view of the pool and a partial strip view.   The staff at the players club desk and at one of the bars remembered us from August (not sure if that was good or bad), but again very friendly and helpful.     All in all, I think who you are with matters more than where you stay.  And with the right company, you can have a fun time anywhere.!!  Will definately be going back!
2	In Vegas, you are always going to get a little lost in a casino.  So yeah, you're going to ask for directions from time to time.Only once have I been to Stratosphere.  Upon entry, I had no idea where I was going and was supposed to meet with my friends who were staying there in the hotel.  I asked for directions, and the response I got from a woman who worked there was less than friendly.  She basically said, "Just read the signs!" and pointed to them in a very rude way.  I was stunned at her lack of customer service skills.  My first thought, "Thanks for trying to make me feel like an idiot."Very bad FIRST IMPRESSION.Room serice was awesome though. 24/7 room service available...got waffles at 3 am.  They weren't too bad, either.
1	One word.... ROACHES!Its impossible for me to give this hotel anything over 1 star because I found a roach lingering in our restroom.  That is a deal breaker and ruins a stay automatically.  Paid money to sleep in a roach infested room., disgusting.Now to be fair, the good and bad of it all:Good: Nice, fun pool and service was good. Felini's was awesome!!! Delicious and service wonderful.Bad:RoachesToilet not flushing on first night and took 5 hours before someone came to fix.Far off the main stripValet service is slow and don't make it a point to open doorsThe decor looks like its from 1972Do not stay here!!!  Its not worth the cheap room rate, seriously
3	Check in took forever. We arrived late Friday night and the check in line was longer than we expected. It wasn't moving although there were many counters open. Who knows what's going on. We finally get to the counter and even though we were checking in late, they had a room available with our preference. One star for that.The bed was comfy and there were enough pillows. The premium view wasn't so premium. The bath tub was rather deep. Everything seemed clean.The casino itself was nice. Stay away from the Wizard of Oz machine if you don't want to get addicted. A stay in this hotel comes with free entrance to the tower for up to four people per day. Take advantage of it if you've never been to the top.When we were checking out, they had a power outage that affected some parts of the casino and even the outside traffic lights.
5	Sure you can see it from anywhere on the Strip, but is the Stratosphere really worth the trip?  I can only speak from a customer service standpoint as we did not stay in the hotel, but I was nothing but impressed by way we were treated in this hotel.We were on a scavenger hunt as part of the Yelp Spring Break weekend, and one of our challenges was to get a picture in the elevator of the Stratosphere.  Belly's full of custard from Luv It, we decided it was worth a shot to ask if we could just get a picture in the elevator without actually going to the top.  What we thought would be a simple yes or no turned into a full blown tour of the upper tower of the Strat, with no stone left unturned.  The fact that one of their staff would take time out of their day to show us around was totally unexpected and gracious.  I would come and stay here simply because of the phenomenal customer service.  Hats off to you Stratosphere, you've won my heart.5 Stars
4	The Room:Nice, clean and modern standard. The ends of the wooden hangers can be sanded slightly more. Cozy king bed which I've woken up in different positions. It had hints of smoke, despite being a non-smoking room (some guests, I tell ya...). They offered to try the smoke scent removal machine a few hours; I declined. Easy climate controls.The Service:Check-in was nice and friendly. Check-out was a smidge longer than I thought. There was an extra charge in the room and I didn't even use any extra service. It took the dude awhile just to figure it out and fix.Extras:The guest fitness room was great. You can do just about anything in there from dips to pull-ups to jogging. Also stocked with towels, water and TV.
4	LOCATIONAh yes, the Stratosphere. The North Star of Las Vegas. I can always find my way around by looking for the largest structure in the land. While the casino is away from the active Strip, located in an area that's a bit run down, it also means less street traffic to deal with, you're close to the freeway, and is fairly easy to get to Downtown Fremont Street. Just depends on how you look at things, I guess.HOTELI have had the opportunity to stay here a few times within the past year. Try booking through hotelclub.com. Considered one of the more "economical" casino hotels, don't be expecting a lap of luxury so set your expectations as such. Nevertheless, the rooms do look remodeled. Some of the amenities: iron and board, small closet and chest of drawers, a TV with limited channels (at least they have ESPN)... One time I tried to turn on the blowdryer, there was a pop and then smoke. I was able to call the front desk to have a replacement sent over later that day.Some perks I like: When you book a room, you get access to their impressive gym. Did I mention 24 hour access?! Also free admission up the Stratosphere tower when you show your room key. Three more tips before going up the Tower:1) Pay attention to their operating hours,2) There is a security check before entering the elevators,3) A green screen photo is taken before going up the tower, so don't wear green (sadly I made that mistake and my photo came out as a floating head).You can check-out from the TV menu, as many other casinos implement this as well. Just leave your keys in the room. Checkout time here is 11am.CASINOComparing the casino experience with that of others along the Strip, it's simply average. It's certainly not as glamorous or glitzy. But if you're the type of person just looking for machines to play, then you might be satisfied. It's close enough to Circus Circus too, if you want a place to entertain your child (or inner child).DINING OPTIONPlate (the buffet) is just average as well. If you decide to dine here though, make sure you have a players card to get their membership discount, as that will cut the costs by 25%. I've also found the service here to be rather sub-par as well, as servers would simply disappear after a while. Our family dined here right as Sunday Brunch ended, so I was able to see the transition into dinner. I must say, the brunch is far better, and I was disappointed to see the iced crab legs taken away.Other dining options: McDonald's, this sub sandwich place, a Mexican place... Roxy's Diner is 24 hrs. There's even a Fat Tuesday here. *heh*VERDICTConsider Stratosphere an inexpensive place, whether to stay or play. If that's your thing, then enjoy! If not, look elsewhere. As for me, as long as the price point remains one of the cheaper room options in Sin City, you might find me here. Not so much to play or eat though.
5	I liked this place... Even the ride on the very top is beyond scary... The Big Shot but I had to try it...! Its an experience beyond words..!The Air Bar- is awesome, you get to see the entire city from above--from floor 108 I believe...! My friends Bachlorette Party was at the 15th floor suite. The suite was fantastic, very roomy and super clean.
2	I bet back in the day Stratosphere use to be an awesome hotel to stay at. But now time has passed it by.It just feels like an old casino off the stripe now. There's nothing sexy about this place-no really good restaurants or buffets here.-the bar/lounge on top is lame.-no good attractions to draw you in. -The guest that stay here are old/ugly/ and just depressing. -rooms resemble a motel 6, no fridge, small closet, and bad views. Overall, if you want a cheap room then this is the place but it's not really good for a TRUE vegas experience in my opinion. I think there's better places to stay in Vegas for comparable prices.
3	We stayed here on our recent trip to Vegas.  We were in one if the newly remodeled rooms which was pretty standard but very clean and comfortable.  This is not a super high end hotel and you get what you pay for but I got exactly what I was expecting for the price.  A lot of people complain in their reviews about the distance from the strip.  Technically The Stratosphere IS on the strip.  It is on the very end of the strip which is a little ways away from the center of the strip where a lot of the action is.  That being said the bus that runs the entire length of the strip has a stop right in front of the hotel and it runs 24 hours a day and can be ridden all day as many times as you like for 7 bucks and for three days for like 20 bucks, which is much cheaper than taking cabs back and forth.  Because of this the distance was not an issue for us.  The casino was smaller but also less busy than some of the others and they do have a lot of 5 dollar black jack tables that can be harder to come by farther down the strip.  Yes, the casino does smell of cigarette smoke, they ALL do, it's Vegas SUCK IT UP or don't come to Vegas.  Sorry just had to get that out!  Overall for the price it was perfect, I would stay again if I was looking for a less expensive way to do Vegas!Also on a side note several people have said that this hotel is in the "ghetto" or in a scary neighborhood.  I don't agree.  It is not the nicest neighborhood I've ever seen but definitely not as bad as some people have made it sound.  I never felt unsafe in this area even at night.  Those who think this is the "ghetto" have never truly seen the "ghetto" ,or are just being overly dramatic.
1	I am currently writing this review from my laughably terrible room at the Stratosphere using the laughably expensive $12 a day internet (more on that later).This whole place just reeks of quiet desperation and looming bankruptcy. Tired, old and sad.My best friend, her husband and two of our other friends were coming to Vegas and were not in a position to be high rollers so when my friend booked the rooms, we got the cheapest place available pretty much. It WAS ridiculously cheap (I think less than $40 a night for our room) but I really wish we had spent ten or fifteen bucks more a night and stayed somewhere nicer and closer to the nicer part of the strip. We would have ended up spending the same amount of money anyways, since a cab is a minimum of $15 each way to the Bellagio or Aria etc and can be as much as $25 if you leave a 20% tip and pay by credit card, for which there is a $3 fee) and we would have been so much happier. After reading through all the other shitty reviews of the place, I have to say our experience seems pretty typical. We didn't notice the neighborhood feeling particularly ghetto or feel unsafe walking to the car at night, but maybe that's because most of us grew up in East or West Oakland? I have stayed in a lot of really posh hotels, a lot of really cheap motels and plenty of shitty hostels and this was truly the worst spot I have stayed at overall. I would have much preferred to stay at a Motel 6 or Howard Johnsons, etc. CONS- When we arrived we had to stand around for fifteen minutes and then go hunt down a bellhop who would take our bags up to our room.- Our room was fucking gross in addition to not being updated since the early 80's I'm guessing. The bathroom was dirty and the size of a broom closet. The lights flickered forever before turning on and were not very bright. It was pretty smoky smelling. The window (singular) is only 2.5 feet wide and has a gorgeous view of the parking garage. The TV remote was out of batteries and the sound was off from the picture. There was no refrigerator. The toilet took multiple flushes to flush any toilet paper. I found a small cockroach in the bathroom. On the second night our tub wouldn't drain (like ten inches of water to stand in while showering and then couldn't shower because it would overflow). We complained about each of the problems that were fixable and they did eventually send someone up to clean/give a new remote/look at the toilet/fix the tub draining problem, but they never once offered to switch our room or comp us anything for our inconvenience.- Super far from everything, as I mentioned previously. We probably spend more than $100 on cabs in three days.- They charge $12 a day for internet PER COMPUTER!!! Not only this, but on the third day, they charged me twice for internet for my laptop and it wouldn't even work. I called the service number where I was then disconnected twice before finally hearing that the charge had been removed and they fixed whatever the problem was with the internet.- The service was shitty almost everywhere in the hotel and casino. I don't gamble but the whole casino just looked so tired and sad and desperate. The other casino's we walked through looked much more lively and with much more attractive people. - The food is gross (especially if you're a 'foodie', but lets be honest, even the fine dining establishments in Vegas are at least something of a tacky copy of their namesake's better restaurants in New York or The Bay Area). We ate at Roxy's diner and it was like a subpar Mel's diner with the same tacky 50's theme. I had the caprese eggs benedict which was ok but the eggs were really overcooked (totally opaque yellow and hard in the yolks). I had eaten one half and asked the manager to either remake it or refund me 50%. He agreed. Then when the check came he had only taken off 25%. I complained and he rolled his eyes and took off another 25%.-We heard other people staying at the hotel complain about having their room robbed (I can't confirm this obviously, but they seemed believable). We chose not to have our rooms cleaned during the three days we were here because we were worried that valuable or medication might disappear. - Weak drinks. A pitcher of daquiris a person at the pool bar brought on nary a buzz. Boo. Even when we supplemented them with one or two 'alcohol infused popsicles'. These things were kind of hilarious. They had to put some kind of gelatin in them to solidify the alcohol so consuming them really was like blowing a guy with a frostbitten semi. PROS+ When we finally did get a bellhop to bring our luggage up, he was a really sweet old guy who rapped west coast shit for us. A little Snoop and Pac.+ At the pool we went to, the bartender was really nice. I dropped my $22 pitcher (its a SMALL pitcher) of strawberry daiquiri and he replaced it for free. + The bed was actually pretty comfy. I slept well and had no back problems, which is rare for me
2	This was my first time ever staying at the Stratosphere hotel (6/7-6/8), and this was on the tail end of our family's Las Vegas/Grand Canyon vacation.  We only stayed overnight in the Select Tower, and it was booked through Expedia, which had a very low advertised price.The room that we stayed in was good, the beds looked nice and the furniture/decor was modern, too.  I read some of the other reviews which said that their room looked outdated and worn.  I'm not sure if this depended upon which tower they stayed in, but I was satisfied with the room I stayed in.However, I do have to comment on a few things:  1)  the bathroom lighting is dim - there is only one light and it's on the vanity over the sink area.  The rest of the bathroom looked and seemed dark,  2)  The closet is rather tall and narrow, so there wasn't a lot of space to stow stuff if you have more than two people in the room, 3)  my sleep was marred by the presence of unruly and inconsiderate young twentysomethings who seemed to think that it was okay to be noisy and boisterous at 3:00 a.m. in the morning.It is on this item that I am going to hit upon and expand upon.The hotel, given its positioning on the strip, seemed to be dominated by the younger crowd, although everybody was represented there.  The casino area seemed to be lacking in energy like the other casinos I'd seen closer to the center of the strip.  However, the young crowd that I encountered probably chose the Stratosphere hotel because it was what they could afford.If that really was the case, I shouldn't have been surprised that they would act in a way that was consistent with their self-centered personalities.  At 3:00 a.m. in the morning, a small group of people came down the hallway from the elevator bank and were talking very loudly.  So loud that they woke me up - not a wise thing to do.  I actually went to my room's front door, opened it up, and told them to pipe down or I'd call security.  Since they didn't seem to listen or care, I called for security to come up and check out my noise complaint.  Things quieted down shortly after I made the call.Given that I could clearly hear them through the door, the doors must be hollow-core or made of something else that allows sound to be transmitted through fairly easily.  Regardless, because of the crowd that seemed to be drawn to this hotel, I probably am not going to come again.  I don't want to have to deal with obnoxious, immature people, and they were everywhere!  I encountered them in the elevator, in the halls, at the shops, and on the casino floor.  It was more painfully evident to me when I saw the crowd gathered at the Starbucks Coffee area outside of the elevators to the Select Tower.The only real draw of this hotel is probably the observation deck in the tower, which paid guests can visit for free by swiping their cardkey.  Otherwise, you'd have to pay a hefty price for the privilege to go up there.So, I give Stratosphere a low mark because of the clientele it attracts.  Knowing what I know now, I'm not going to subject myself or my family to the boisterous antics of immature adults.Oh, and the adjacent neighborhood surrounding the hotel?  It seemed very ghettoish.  It felt like East St. Louis - depressed, dark, and run-down.  Even the motel across the street from the taxi drop-off area is closed and dilapidated.  A heavy atmosphere hung over the area as I drove around the hotel property.
1	Just wanted to write a quick review. Stayed in this hotel in September of last year (2011). It is SO hot in vegas in september. Also, if you take a shuttle from the airport to this htoel it is SOOO FAR from EVERYTHING , that you have to pay EXTRA for "downtown" and not the "Strip" so its about a $3 difference.The pool isn't on the ground its somewhere in the middle. It was NOT Fun, or NIce. The tropicana has a WAY better pool and is only a little bit more at the other end of the strip.If you miss the bus, and have to wait in the heat to get back to the stupid stratosphere its miserable. OR if you have the bright idea to WALK, it takes forever.The food is ok. The views at the top were nice, but at night there was wind and we could feel the tower MOVING. It literally made me sick to my stomach!SO far, if you are young dont stay here. I would suggest The Flamingo or somewhere closer to the middle of the strip. it's very depressing, the stratosphere isn't close to ANYTHING!  Also, one of the closest hotels the Sahara has shut down (I believe just a few months before we got there), so the monorail doesn't go this far out .DONT STAY HERE!
3	Don't know if would stay again. Rooms were ok. Pool service sucked. Took 1/2 to get drinks, and another 1/2 for change
1	My husband and I scrimped and saved every last extra penny for a year so we could take a trip when our young son was old enough to leave with Grandma and Grandpa for 5 days. We decided to go to Vegas, since it's cheap to fly there, and I had never been. I think our choice of hotel essentially ruined the entire trip. From the moment the cab driver dropped us off the service was lousy. We had to wait HOURS for our room to be ready, when we were told it'd be minutes. Still early in the trip with our wide eyed optimism we checked our bags and decided to check out "the shops." After a short trip through a curving hallway of novelty shops and closed up gates, we were left wanting. We were hungry so we ate at McDonald's only restaurant on the "shopping level" besides Mexican food reeking of dirty socks filled with chicken. After we ate we decided to check out the casino floor, and gamble a little. No one looked happy to be there, the bartender at the big circular bar was aloof and disinterested. When we finally got to the room it was all right...we weren't planning on spending a whole lot of time there anyhow. We choose the place because it was cheap...how could we expect a whole lot more than what we got? But after the first night trying to walk the strip from the Stratosphere, we took cabs for the rest of the trip. We definitely made up for what we saved on the room on taking cabs all night long for the rest of our stay.Not worth it. Really put a damper on the whole trip.
4	We headed up the to 107 lounge for happy hour and to watch the sunset. This was a great place to see it. You do have to pay $18 to ride the elevator but the view was worth it. There are a few places to eat at the top. The fancy revolving restaurant requires reservations. The lounge was open seating and the drinks were tasty. We also had the sliders, both beef and duck. It was fun to watch the silly people do the jump off the building.
3	Okay,  I have heard all the negative comment about the Stratosphere Hotel & Casino..  In a way I think it is good that I read them.  In my situation I had to go to Vegas for my daughter's graduation so I need to stay somewhere cheap but not to cheap (still wanted a little bit of the Vegas experience).  Now with family out that way I know enough about Vegas that name like "Flamingo" and "The Golden Nugget" are inexpensive dives (old strip spots).  Still when you say "Luxor" or "Bellagio" you are talking money and cost (especially in the area of room service and other amenities).   So in reading the negative reviews on the Stratosphere I felt I could cope with the shortcomings.  When I arrived I was pleasantly surprised.  Okay No bell hop rushed up to me BFD!  I got a spa room on the 18th Floor.  Pretty good view.  Everything worked including the hair dryer.  Just some advice to one of the yelpers who said he spent a lot of money on cabs back and forth to the strip.  Insider Advice---  there is a double decker bus service that run 24 hours up and down the strip, you pay for 24 hrs @$7 or $18 for 3 days and you ride anywhere on the strip, just swipe your card.  I say this to say getting up and down the strip was not a problem from the stratosphere.  Now the mall area in was very nice and NOT HIGH END, very reasonable.  Other hotels on the strip you can't shop in unless you have a black credit card (lol).  However, on that note I went to the "Top Of The World" Restaurant and it was total High Class.  Lastly the amount of things to do in the hotel itself far surpass your main strip H&C's.  You could free fall 108 floor w/ the sky jump.  Or ride the roller coaster (yes that is plural I think there are 3).  In short where I started at a one star when I read the reviews once I stayed there they brought me up to 3 stars.  I think the key is know what you are getting prior to going to Vegas.  You can't pay PaPa John's money and get Donald Trump service.  If you want the "Luxor" or "MGM Grand"go pay for it and keep your wallet open for everything else that comes with it.  For what it is the Stratosphere is a pretty good experience.  Trust me go the old strip if you want to see true Las Vegas dives the hookers greet you at the door..
2	I've stayed at the Strat at least once a year for the last five years.  This has always been an out of the way hike from the main strip, but it used to be a cheap and fun place to stay.  Sadly I've seen a steady decline at this place.  The closing of the Sahara down the street seems to have hit this place hard.  Five years ago this was a cheap place to stay with a lot of entertainment right in the building.  Now it's only good for a cheap place to stay if you plan to spend your days elsewhere, especially if you have already seen the view from the tower.  The current owners bought this place about five years ago at the height of the real estate bubble.  Since that time they've lost money almost every month and have engaged in some serious cost cutting to try and ride out the recession.  In the last five years they've closed Polyester's nightclub, Lucky's Diner, the celebrity impersonator show, the topless pool on the roof, their steakhouse restaurant and bar,  and most of the live bands that play in the casino.  The impersonator show used to be fun for kids and adults alike.  Now they've got very little in the way of entertainment or dining going on.  The slot machines used to be among the loosest in Vegas, on my most recent visit I noticed the average payout for a bonus round was about $20.  Yawn.  OK, this is the same story at most of the casinos since the recession hit, but they used to have decent rules blackjack tables with $5 minimums.  On my most recent visit last weekend I was appalled to learn that they now pay 6:5 blackjack on most of their  tables.  They still have a few 3:2 tables, but they have $10 minimums, so of course all the clueless morons flock to the $5 minimum tables with the 6:5 payout.  If you want the 3:2 payout, you'll probably be sitting alone at a table, which I don't like.On a recent visit I stayed at the Plaza downtown.  Brand new rooms for less that the Stratosphere, the Freemont Street experience and all the entertainment there nightly right outside the front door, and the Golden Nugget right down the street with some of the best blackjack rules in Vegas.  Looks like I'll be spending most of my visits downtown from now on.  So long, Stratosphere.
5	We booked at tripres and opt to pay 15 dollars more for the upgraded-remodeled room.. with a great view of the surrounding area... the room had 2 double beds and the decor is very pretty and modern. It is pretty romantic too since it has a touch of red.  We had an infant with us and brought a travel playpen crib which fit nicely in the corner but the room was fairly small.  If you are planning to have more than 2 ppl spending the night it will probably be very cramped. there is very little walking area... just enough for one person to walk at a time. haha  there is a cute small one seater, a flat screen tv (maybe 32-40 inches, not too sure), on top of a dresser and the bathroom is newly remodeled so it is nice and clean!The lady at the front desk was very nice, since we had  a baby we requested for a room near the elevator and she was very helpful!!!
1	Well, during this trip to Vegas I stayed in Stratosphere two times: my first time and my last time. Unfortunately I read reviews on yelp after we came back, I should do it before we reserved hotel. But well, let think I paid for my mistake.It was first time in my life I saw hotel aplomb of five star place and amenities worse than in motel in the middle of nowhere. OK, I saw hotels with paid Internet in rooms, but not for $12/day. And all of them have free WiFi in public area, like cafe, business center, lobby, etc. But I forgot last time when I saw hotel without coffee machine and fridge in room.And one small piece of soap for four people tree days stay. I understood from one of reviewers, that new owners had to cut expenses, but is it really so bad, to make them save on soap?
1	I stayed at this hotel back in 2010 so decided to come back because of the excellent rate and first experience that we had. Our second experience of this hotel  in 2012 was the worst experience I have ever had in my life. We checked into our hotel and came to find out that the shower had little to no water pressure at all and the water temperature did not warm up. I wanted to make sure I wasn't just being crazy so I had my husband check it out as well. Low and behold it was not just me. We called maintenance and it took them several hours to come to our room and look at it. Finally they said they could see the issue but he could not fix it and would need to call for an additional repair man. It took them an additional call and seven hours for them  to come up to our room and we had a show to attend that evening. When the second maintenace man came up he said that the entire side of this hotel had the same issue. Our question at that point was, if the entire side of this hotel had an ongoing water issue why did they book us in this room. We decided to go to our nine pm show and returned later that evening. I decided to go to the front desk and speak with the night manager. She kept apologizing and saying the hotel is "old." I told her that the hotel definately might be aged but this water issue was not acceptable. I do not mind if the pressure isn't all that hard in the shower, but to have one drop coming out of the shower head is just ridiculous. The manager said I can credit you the resort fee of $7.50 only. I just got back from Las Vegas and the hotel charged me the full amount for my stay 220.00. They did not even credit me the little $15.00 fee that they said they would. I will be calling my bank to disupte this and I will also be contacting them to fight for a credit for my one night of a non functional bathroom. We will never be returning to this hotel ever again! Is it to much to ask that we are able to take an actual shower?
3	The real novelty of this place is the tower, do not expect your room to have a great view. That being said the casino has recently been redone and is not bad. When I stayed there my room was a bit small and the window looked like it belonged on a submarine. But it was only 19.95 a night! You should check it out and go to the observation deck. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	Ok, it's not in the best neighborhood, but it's safe and the location is actually pretty good - equidistant between downtown las vegas (fremont street) and the bulk of the strip. Rooms are nice for the price. We have stayed weekdays for $30-$45 a night. Within walking distance: McDonald's (dollar menu anyone?), Starbucks (free WiFi), a little local liquor store (spike your drinks by the pool) nad the world's largest souvenir store. They have a nice, large pool. Great for hanging out unless it's a windy day. And if you stay here, you get free access to the top floors - great sighseeing or good for having a late night drink with an incredible view of the Las Vegas Strip.
3	not bad for a cheap off the strip hotel.PRO's-the best pro about this hotel is the hotel quests get free admission to the top of the stratosphere which does cost non hotel quests $15 each to get up to the top.  I paid $210 for 4 days (thur-mon) and room was nice, big, comfy beds, comfy pillows, room service cheap and fast, valet was awesome, casino was super big and clean, the cocktail girls were very attentive and strong with their drink pore's.CON's-the bathroom in the rooms were tiny, the sinks are on the outside wall of the room, and the bathroom is a toilet and small shower with no fan.  window to the room is small, and the wall ac was a dinosaur and loud when left on for a long time.  no free wife, fridge, no free upgrade, and the location is in the ghettos.
4	Great Hotel and a cheap alternative at the Strip.Clean rooms and even the top level with view to the strip is not too expensive.Pool is ok too.The Breakfast Buffett is great!
3	Pros:  Its not luxurious but it is clean and I love that they have remodeled everything. Front desk girl was extremely nice! Cons:  The location... a bit ghetto.  You could hear everything in the hallway.  We turned on the tv and there was porn.  Normally that is not a bad thing for us but I couldn't imagine if we were with children and how bad that situation that might have been.   Sadly the porn went away and it was no longer free. lol
4	The room I had was nice especially for the price.  Casino was nice as well.  Couple of things that were not great was the distance from the garage to reception and wifi is not free.  If you are a motorcycle rider,  lock up your bags and empty your bike completely.  Bags got broken into, thankfully nothing was in them.
5	Me and my husband stayed at the stratosphere hotel in 2011 from May 3rd-May 6th because I got a great deal thru travelocity. They have three really cool rides and bungy jumping on the top of the tower. There hotel is the tallest in Las Vegas and has the best view. There's also a bar, and you can just chill relax on the couches, have a drink , take pictures of the strip. Inside the casino they have nice little gift shops, good hot dogs, dollar jello shots. We ate a restraunt where they sang old 70's songs and dresses up, it was really cool and different. And everytime I gambled at cesars palace or any other casino I lost quick , but when I played at stratosphere I won. The room was nice. A little far from the main strip , but kinda good because not too much traffic. I really enjoyed. Would and will recommened and go again.
4	I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!Since the remodel, the rooms are great!!! the poker room took over the 3 daily $45 tournaments from Sahara when it closed. Love playing there. $5 blackjack tables & $10 pai gow... All the front desk people are super nice and friendly and all the people who work the VIP Services area are simply AMAZING!!! Spend your money here!!! It will go farther then any other major casino on the strip. If you stay here, you can go upstairs and show your room key and get a free pass to the observation tower. Also, although the location isn't the best, it's not that bad, you can easily walk across the street and catch the deuce bus on Las Vegas Blvd and the ride to Pawn Stars or Freemont St. is not that far...
4	Stayed here 6/3/12 for one night.We stayed in one of the remodeled rooms on the 14th floor.  The decor is clean and modern, down to the tile on the bathroom floor.  The 4 cups that were provided next to the ice bucket are actually hard plastic and reusable.  The free toiletries include shampoo, conditioner, liquid body wash, lotion, and a facial bar of soap.  Our room was described as a "deluxe view" room, which we later found out was a view of the mountains.  :)With our key card, we were able to get our family of 5 up to the observation deck as often as we wanted for free.  Also, the casino area is separate from many of the common areas so we were able to roam about without inhaling 6 years worth of secondhand smoke.  We were charged a $7.50 resort fee.My only issue is with what the front desk described as a "family pool."  It looked more like a scene from a spring break reality show, which would be just fine if we didn't have our children with us.  We will definitely stay here again!
4	Fun hotel that has a great theme park on the top of the building! LOVED IT!My family got a room for a great deal (under $100) It was fairly family-friendly with all the amenities it offered. It wasn't a five star hotel by any means, but its was nice! There were places to eat and also a topless pool at the top! (well, when I was there) The swimming pool was nice because you could play water volleyball and it was so high up. Seeing the amusement park ride on the top of the building is pretty neat.  As a guest at the hotel, you get to go up to that area for FREE!  The location is great because you're close to the Las Vegas Strip.
4	Haven't been to LAS since 1998, so this was a trip full of anticipation and excitment. I was not disappointed. I used to book a lot of my clients here because along with Circus Circus they were the least expensive on the strip and with that went inferior service, that folks were willing to put up with because the action was ( and still is ) on the strip and npt much time was spent in the room anyway. Well,I was pleasantly surprised. I booked myself and my love here because I wanted to "SkyJump", see old LAS aka Fremont, and dine at the Top of the World for my birthday. And did all of the above.Valet parking was smooth.Check in was horrendous, with a line at least 20 deep and moved at a snail's pace. Kayala ( the desk rep) however was great and provided excellent customer service as well as ALL of the employees during my stay. In the room the bathroom towel rack was bent, no safe ( as I'm beginning to see is a common theme except at " resorts") bathroom floor molding to the door was warped, light bulb out in one of the lamps, one barbage can for the room ( I had a suite) iron was chained to the iron board which made being wrinkle free a challenge. Overall the room was nicely appointed, and clean, with a great air conditioning unit. The buffett was to die for. The staff once again were EXCEPTIOINALLY gracious and accomodating as I munched on snow crab legs for breakfast everyday. Good variety with a 5 star omelet man who I seek out in my travels everywhere I go! Strastosphere like the other properties have created an enviornment where you don't have to hit the strip......everything is there .....with the indoor mall, the Tower thrill rides,the Zagat rated restaurant, Roxy's Diner. I would stay again.
5	Views are amazing and the rides are nuts.  Yeah, it's a little pricey to ride the rides...but where else can you swing out over a city like this?  If anything, it's fun to watch people freak out trying to get themselves to go on the rides.  Had a blast!
4	Stayed one night at was pleasantly surprised.  The room was neat and clean and the elevators were fast.  We used all of amenities available to us and had a great time.  The 107 Lounge was excellent!  Will stay here again soon.
3	I wanted to stay somewhere off the strip for a night this trip so I chose the Stratosphere because I always wanted to check out the viewpoint and it's not too far away from everything.I stayed in one of the revamped rooms so it was pretty nice. There were not any issues like bed bugs or random blood stains on the wall. The bathroom was nice and no gross smells anywhere.I'd recommend staying here if you want to get away from the main strip and want to get a nice view of Las Vegas. The view is definitely worthwhile. I only saw it during the day I am sure it's better at night since you'll be atop the Vegas glow. I think the tower closes at 2:00AM.
3	Vegas was amazingggggg!!! The Stratosphere itself was just ok. Hardly spent any time there so nothing great to say or not to say. Had to call twice for towels which was a pain. Room service was stupid expensive. The room itself wasn't terrible, but the bathroom was crazy small which really sucked. Overall, its cheap, its close to the Wynn and Encore and we all slept just fine, at least the very few hours we actually got any sleep! Party like a ROCKSTAR BABY!
3	We had a good stay here for a fair price.  It's just not very convenient to do things on the strip from this location.  Taxis are expensive and its a very long walk.  Next time I would probably just pay the extra money to stay on the main part of the strip.
3	Stayed at the stratosphere hotel over the weekend. The hotel is everything that you would expect for the amount of money that you pay. The room was clean, the price was fair and there was little hassle checking in or checking out. If you are looking to stay somewhere fancy  you might want to go with the Aria or the Cosmopolitan - but if you are looking for somewhere affordable to stay this is not a bad option. The only thing you definitely need to know is that the stratosphere is a little bit away from the main strip area, so anticipate a walk or some sort of commute to get to the main attractions.
5	Had my wedding here last week and had the best time of my life, had the Oasis room. Great size room, huge bathroo with shower and hot tub. The wedding was amazing, top with a killer view. The only thing I would suggest is going to the main strip to gamble, not much of a selection. Aso the smoking here is 5x worse then other casinos. But I would most definatly come back...great room, great view, great price, lved it!
5	Lindsey the best customer rep... 5 stars for her..told u Lindsey I yelp you..thank you
3	This is my second stay at the Stratosphere.  My first vist was in Jan 2011.  This visit was from Sept 21-25, 2012.  It was coincidental that I stayed here again as my friend had a timeshare with a great deal for this hotel.  CONS:What I don't like about the Stratosphere is that you always have to speak up or else you will get stuck with a subpar room.  Last time we paid $20 more a day for an upgrade to a suite (It was indeed sweet!!!).  On our recent visit, there were just so many things wrong with our room, they HAD to move us to the Select rooms.  The Select room was on the 18th floor so it had a nice view of the city.  It was more modern, brightly lit and had a safe.  Even the shower ran better and included a Moen shower head (it's the little things, lol).  I think they offer the worst rooms to customers  first instead of the ones on the more newly renovated part of the hotel.  I don't like that.Next, even though housekeeping is available until 5pm, our room was only cleaned once (and a horrible job at that) while we were there.  Really "Molina"?  As you're passing to and fro, the smoke on the casino floor will take your down...lolAnother thing is it is further down the strip (almost downtown) so cabs can get pricey.  Also, concerning the area around the hotel: to me all of Vegas is hood so I don't get the "dangerous" warnings with the area around this hotel.  As a woman, use common sense and don't travel alone at night (behavior you should practice anywhere).  Many of the people who live in Vegas are on hard times, homeless people everywhere! No surprise there!  PROS:I will say that the Stratosphere has some of the best hotel food I have enjoyed in the good ole US of A.  Like...really good food with large portion sizes.  The first time I ordered a lot of room service as I was on a romantic getaway, lol.   This time my girlfriends and I ordered in twice and both times we loved our meals.  Veggie burger and salads are spectacular.Discount tickets to local shows: we got a good deal on "sold out" Cirque du Soleil Zumanity tickets for the same night.I love that the hotel is a theme park onto itself and has lots of attractions including several restaurants inside (even the "shi-shi" Top of the World restaurant).  It is also great that your room key grants you free admission to the tower.  Go to the outside observatory for the best view of the city.  Don't waste your coins on the binoculars, they are poor quality.  Last time I went on one of the rides: X-treme.  It was awesome!
4	I appreciate a bargain, so when I booked our trip through vegas.com, I was proud of myself for using their site. We were able to fly on Spirit and stay at the Stratosphere from 9/25 (Tue) - 9/30 (Sun) for $453 per person! We arrived at the hotel before 10am and a room was ready for us on the 15th floor that had a view of downtown Las Vegas.The room was adequate with a very comfortable king bed, in-room safe, large vanity, full size mirror, plenty of storage for clothes and lots of pillows. The bed even came with a large bolster pillow which we're looking for online to buy because it actually improved the quality of sleep for my boyfriend's back.Each hotel provides its own unique experience. We saw a spectacular show at the Stratosphere for half the price for hotel guests. BITE for $49.45 per person is worth it but vampires dancing topless to classic rock with aerial acrobatics and magic is better when it's $49.45 per couple. The pool is located on the 8th floor with mountain views and the ability to see the rides and watch people free fall from Sky Jump. The rotating restaurant is on the 106th floor. The observation decks, lounge and amusement rides are on the 108th and 109th floors. We didn't go on the rides but we checked out their retail mall and purchased ice cream from the Tower Pizzeria & Creamery. The fees to ride the elevator up are waived for hotel guests.The fitness center is located on the retail level of the Stratosphere and the price to use it is included in the $7.50 per day hotel surcharge that everyone must pay upon check in. Correct me if I'm wrong but it's the cheapest surcharge on the strip and no other hotel includes the fitness center. I've been coming to Vegas since 1993, staying on the strip from the Mandalay Bay to Stardust and in downtown at Fitzgeralds. It took finding a great deal to realize that the best place to stay in Vegas is at the Stratosphere. Located in the middle of Las Vegas, the strip and downtown hot spots were easily accessible, making this 6 day trip to Nevada not long enough!
3	The only cool thing about this hotel is the spectacular view they have on top. If you are a guest you are welcome to go up there without paying. It's beautiful but the location sucks. It's literally located nowhere in my opinion. I mean there are some restaurants and what not near but they don't compare to the whole vegas strip. I spent my last night here and it was nice because it was away from the party scene but yet so quiet and lonely. Specially when I wanted to grab a bite to eat else where rather than inside this place. It's also very far from the airport, so if you are planning to taxi it, get ready to pay about 30 bucks and that depends on the traffic as well.
5	What a beautiful hotel with great service. Stayed here two nights in a suit and everything was perfect. Had the best house keeper I think his name was Estaban. Saw two shows here one was Frankie M it was fine but there topless vampire show Bite was nothing but amazing.
2	Don't make early reservation on those online deals from credit cards, rewards, etcBy the time u get to the hotel u will not be in their priority list. The best room could probably give u is a 2 beds facing a parking lot or back area of the hotel ughhh.. Trust me its not pretty specially if u wanted it to be a nice romantic room! We got ripped off paid 20 bucks more cause we reserved it early and got a crappy room.. The bathroom was too small.. Everything was so standard! Don't expect it to look like the one's in the pictures. LolPool is so low 3ft only and drinks were alright..Their buffet and attraction were the only good thing about this place..but pricey...
4	I like the hotel in general. It is pretty quiet when compared to other hotels. The standard suites aren't anything out of the norm and they are not themed like other vegas hotels. But it is pretty descent and clean. I am going back in a few months. I will update you then.
4	This is the first place booked by my company to which I would voluntarily return. The rooms are clean and there's decent, cheap food above the casino on the 'R' level. I didn't try the italian resturant or 'upscale' resturants so can't say much there. The 50's style diner is decent, and has a graveyard special for $7 that looks like it could stop a heart.The Strat is a little far from the strip, but the location isn't horrible and near downtown if you prefer the downtown Vegas scene over the strip. Plus if you're into it, there's the rides at the top, or you could just sit and enjoy the view up there with a drink.The only bad thing on my visit was that tge pool cafe was closed at 3pm, and no where were the hours posted so I got all my stuff ready and went to the 8th floor to be very disappointed. Other than that, I would actually go back if I just needed a place in Vegas to crash.
2	They call this hotel "on the strip," but with Sahara closed, the Stratosphere is on an island and a serious distance from any strip action. If you don't mind taking a bus or walking a mile to do ANYTHING outside of hotel amenities, this is the hotel for you! You can find a room pretty cheap, but you will pay for it when you have to replace your walking shoes at the end of your vacation. Only saving grace is they do have a newly remodeled Sports Book and, since you are seriously on an island, you will have plenty of space to watch sports. Food prices were excellent and it was easy to place a bet and I would seriously recommend this Sports book to everyone if you didn't have to travel miles to get there. If you do decide to save cash and stay here, make sure you get a bus pass ($8 for 24 hours and there are deals out there) and make sure you eat at Roxy's Diner. The Diner's food was excellent and pretty reasonably priced for Vegas. Overall, the best reason to stay here is because you want to spend your money on everything else in Vegas AND don't mind traveling 30 minutes by bus to MGM.
4	This was hotel was ok. My friend and I hotel hopped. Started out at Stratosphere for two days and ended our Vegas trip at the Monte Carlo. The rooms are average. I would HIGHLY recommend the pool!! But their drinks though!!! My friend and I split a pitcher of blackberry mojitos! That was the best f*cking mojito everrrrr! It had muddled berries in it and mint yassss I love fresh mint! I'm a weirdo so I eat the mint lol. I wanted to try other drinks but it was two of us there so we would've been too toasted to get ready for the club lol. I would advise sunscreen every 10 minutes! I was in the pool for about an hour, my friend maybe 30 minutes because this heifer was doing homework in the room. When the pool closed & we got back to the room... Her face was burnt on one side and my eyes were blood shot red!! Shocked is an understatement! It was like that scene in Dude Where's My Car. "Dude what's wrong with your face?? Dude what's wrong with your eyes?!" LMAOOO! The chlorine usually burns my eyes and I have no idea how she was fried. I wouldn't book again because there are so many other hotels to experience but I will go to that pool again! I would advise hotel hopping to the people that are able to. Best way to experience multiple hotels in one shot.
1	Stayed for one night. I got one of the new rooms. Rooms are nice and clean. Hotel is clean and the staff was nice. Here is the bad- There was about a one inch gap between the door and the door frame. As a result, the hallway light shined into my room all night. I could hear everything going on in the hallway. Doors slamming all night, people putting their key cards into the machine to open the door, people using the ice machine and talking. it was one of the worse nights of my life. I will never stay at this hotel again. They paid to update the rooms but did not do anything to keep out the noise. I have been to Vegas over twenty times and have stayed in a lot of hotels. I have never had an experience like this.
1	The worst hotel in the history of hotels. A total waste of money. Oh we got a strip room? Nope, we didn't. You have to pay to use the internet, $11.99 for 24 hours, you have to pay to use the pool, $7.50 a night. No fridge or microwave. Everything expensive. Staff didn't seem to know shit about ANYTHING. $50 deposit to make phone calls and they charged $25 for a two minute call. No shuttle they told us so we paid 40 dollars to a cab to take us there even though there ended up being a shuttle!!!! Worst hotel. Will NEVER EVER EVER EVER EVER EVER EVER stay there again. I don't give a shit if they give it to us for free, I would rather stay at a Travelodge or Motel 6 than the Stratosphere. Crap! Crap! Crap!
4	I wrote a review of The Stratosphere tower where I got married but I never wrote about the 2 weeks of heaven hotel experience I had with Chong. If it wasn't obvious already, Chong is not only my best friend for life but she is my secret lesbian lover. A secret so well kept even she doesn't know I refer to her as my secret lesbian lover.We planned a trip to Vegas together as a very, very, VERY late combined birthday, New Years and bachelorette party. Since both of us had bank accounts with numbers that would convince any patron we made up the cast of the sitcom 2 broke girls, we chose to stay at the Stratosphere hotel for $40 a night.First of all $40 a night my ass. The prices were in constant flux and it ranged from $80 to $125 explained as "convention rates". Like the rest of mankind, I for one, hate places that wrongfully advertise with fine print left for interpretation so I was no fucking happy pappi. It would have been one thing if the following events didn't transpire. But seeing as I'm writing about them, they did. It would have been another thing if the following events involved Chong and I hooking up, but seeing as I'm not writing about them, there is no saving grace.We pay for our first night and my heart sank to my toes and out the horny layer (yes that`s a real layer) of my epidermis when she uttered the dreadful words "Can we get a room with 2 beds"? But hey, the fact that getting a big room with 2 beds for a low price didn't sound so bad so I had but one thing irrelevant to the hotel experience to complain about. We got a smoking room. Not just for smoking cigarettes but potato tomato hello ITS CHEECH AND CHONG in Vegas no fucking brainer what we were going to do. Everyone IN LIFE clearly had the same idea because we were only in the hallway and the whole floor smelled like pot. Awesome! There is no ventilation. The windows are sealed shut and the rooms are dusty even though I'm sure house keeping does a thorough job cleaning, at least I expect them to but then again, maybe they're just kind enough to replace the sheets and do a quick rundown with an old hoover. I became very ill and actually ruined our whole vacation. This didn't stop us from doing hawaiian smoke outs. At one point Chong was too lazy to leave and I was too sick to leave also so we ordered room service almost every night and watched Law and Order. It was heaven for me. The food is surprisingly good and affordable and convenient, but it's the same stuff as the restaurants in the casino of Stratosphere.... so that says something, but je ne sais quois. Deciding our room was bad luck we asked to switch rooms. We go downstairs, get new key cards and walk in. There are ruffled sheets and someone else's porn subscription playing on the t.v. still. Part of me wanted to stay in hopes she'd get turned on and jump on me but she did the opposite and screamed "ew" about a million times, ran out to the elevators screaming "come on cheech, we're not staying in a room that might have someone else's JiZz on the bed" =( "ok" I muttered and followed her to ANOTHER LONG trip to the lobby. Told em what happened and actually got a brand new amazing room that was part of the newly constructed wing.So all in all. That newly constructed wing is the only thing keeping this four star review afloat. Oh, that and the room service. OH and also....my memories with Chong *sigh*
4	Could not believe our luck when we scored a room for $20 a night (plus $8 resort fee, you just can't get around that in Vegad and it can easily be $20+ at other hotels)Sure it is a bit dated but not like the ones in old town or anything.Yes it is on the strip which is the reason we chose it, but a bit further out than we had remembered.It was quite a walk to the actual strip and I'm asamed to say we didn't make it much past Caesars since we walked through all the casinos on the way.Service is great, the rooms are updated and nice.The views and fun stuff to do at the hotel like the skyjump or other rides are wild, we went up to the tower and took some amazing pictures and watched other foos jump to the ground.Being at the highest hotel in Vegas looking out, all having paid just under $30 was a great nice and a wonderful Vegas experience.
3	Been awhile since I've been to this casino. We visited at night to kill some time and head up to the tower. The place still seems the same and has been kept up pretty well.I haven't stayed the night at this place, just usually play on the casino floor.
2	I stayed in this hotel a couple nights and while it wasn't terrible, it still left a lot to be desired. It is in a pretty good location, between Fremont and the activity at the south end of the strip, but you will still need to drive or take a taxi to those areas.The room we got was mediocre and did not really have a view of anything other than a wall. There were some stains inside the drawers and the tissue box was never replenished. And on the last night, the shower/bathtub drain clogged!There's a $7.50 per night resort fee in addition to the regular charge that is supposed to cover these amenities, but obviously it wasn't enough! This fee also gives you access to the top of the tower, which is listed as a $60 value. This doesn't include the rollercoaster and so all you can do is look around. That's cool and all, but why would it even cost $60 to ride up an elevator? And once was enough.The casino part itself is pretty decent, and the buffet is an okay price for being on the strip.This is not a bad establishment, but as far as staying over here, it could definitely use some improvements.
3	Decided to stay here on a very last minute Vegas weekend getaway. And I mean very last minute like I had 30 minutes to pack and the hotel wasn't booked till 5:00pm that evening. Booked Stratosphere through hotel tonight app. If you haven't heard of Hotel Tonight it's a great app. Basically every day at 12:00pm they list hotels in a variety of cities at a huge discounted rate. Make sure to check every 30 minutes because prices can go down and they add new hotels during the night. Ended up getting Stratosphere for only $26.00 a night, which is a steal. The hotel room itself was pretty clean. We got upgraded to the newly renovated area for no extra charge. Beds were comfortable and bathroom was pretty typical. Since we were on the 7th floor we didnt' have a view of anything except for a parking structure. Service: It wasn't the hotel's fault that when we checked in they couldn't give us keys. Hence that whole night if you wanted to leave the room and come back you had to wait for security to open the door, which we waited about 15 minutes for each time. The nice thing about staying at the hotel is that you can go up to the top of the stratosphere for free. This is an $18.00 value per person. It's pretty romantic at the night and they have lots of couches and seats to sit on. There's even a bar on the top. Come back again? Probably only if I got a sweet deal. Sometimes it's nice to just stay on the strip too
4	Great price and clean. I took the cheapest room they had to stay for a convention for a week. The room was clean and the price was right. It was easily 60% cheaper than any other option and it was very nice.  The resort fee was a surprise when I arrived but other than that, two thumbs up,  I would definitely stay there again.
4	Nice room,fun casino, Awsome Time!
4	I booked an excellent deal with Priceline and got a 3 nights hotel stay at the Stratosphere for about $167 total. I just recently got back from the trip. This place is cool, I can't believe so many negative reviews on here. 1/ It's a 3 or 3 1/2 stars resort hotel, My mom and I got 2 queen size beds in North Tower Non-Smoking 16th floor. Room is cool, clean and spacious. 2/ Being a guest here, you have - free admission to the tower, free use of pool and the gym, discounted tickets for shows. 3/ Very easy check out, just click on the tv screen. 4/ 6 levels of parking, I drove over from Cali so I'm not bitching about the cab/location being far from the strip. 5/ $7.50 a night resort fees, cheap comparing to other places. 6/ It's in the northside, between the strip and downtown. The only reason why I don't give this place a 5 stars is because 1/ the cleaning lady forgot to give us soap for 1 day and 2/ the check in lady said no coupons for free drinks unless I join some ace club or something which I don't want to do since I don't gamble that much. Otherwise, it's cool, I'd stay here for a good deal again.
3	It's worth a stay at least once.Morning Poker Tournament room is $45 w a $20 addon in the first hour. Weekdays it was 3-4 tables of decent players.Hotel is decent. The included observation deck pass with hotel key is AWESOME! That view from the 107-109th floors is great. See Vegas for all its glory, eh hem, glamour and filth.Avoid the daily buffet. Food is mediocre at best. The plus side is that for $30 a day there is unlimited eating if you are tight on cash. I'd still go elsewhere.Roxys Diner is a great Dennys like joint.OH NO!!! No vent in the bathroom! The architect had no nose?? Out of his mind perhaps. Bring matches to be kind to your roommates!
4	AAA DISCOUNTS  saved some money...management was helpful; but the room offered for upgrade wasn't ready by the arrival time.I didn't wish to wait around with the fiance for unknown hours til ready for the king size with fridge so took a queen w/ a fridge, still an upgrade  but not what was told I got booked for.Yet, I did get the fridge accommodation and slight upgrade at no additional charge.CHEAPEST rates I found were here at the time.
5	All i can say, is from the last time i came to this casino, the inside seemed so dull and non inviting.  Came here this weekend, and everything has changed.  Looks really nice inside. Open space, with a main bar in the middle of the casino..  Casino itself was as a good size.
2	I knew it wasn't going to be the Venetian, but I didn't know that black oil-like substance would spew from the tub mid-bubble bath...No one knew what it was, and I really don't believe they ever even looked into it. I asked them to leave us a message letting us know what they found out, I was curious to know what it was that I was sitting in for a minute and I never heard about it again.Of course they offered to move us out of that room so they can fix it, but I actually had to ASK to be upgraded to a better suite. That should have been offered. No one at the front desk seemed apologetic, or even surprised, which was concerning. They need to be a bit more thorough with their cleaning, there were body hairs in the bathroom when we were first checking into the new room.Two stars for the upgraded suite with a big whirlpool tub that I definitely appreciated.
5	I had a decent experience at Stratosphere- both stay and casino!I booked 2 nights and 3 days, but due to my stupid drunk liver, I had to spend 1 day staying in the bed.Luckily, I won $120 and something at casino, which led me to extra 1 night at here! great compensation for hangover!Clean bedroom, bathroom.Friendly staffs, fine parking lots.I would definitely stay here again at my next trip to vegas.I still have 20 hour to stay at here but I already miss this place.If you are not coming here with your car, might have to walk a bit to the strip.
2	This review is only for the Casino.  It was pretty empty people wise. Not much going on, and a lot of what felt like empty walls. Most of the employees at the tables looked unprofessional dressed in ugly football jerseys. Don't get me wrong, I saw this at multiple casinos, but it was typically limited to a single table. Not all the tables :/ Maybe that was why no one was playing. I'll give this place another chance next time, the lady at the Ace desk was very nice.
4	Stayed here over the last weekend during our Vegas trip and found it to be conveniently located at the south end of the strip. Is surrounded by Dennie's IHOP, Carl's Jr, McDonald's all within walking distance which is another plus. Had a big line for check-in but still got done in under 15 mins which was good. Rooms are cleaned late in the evening unless you are checking out in which case they will start hounding you before 9 a.m. itself. In the mornings even though there were 4 elevators had to wait almost 10 mins to get one free to come down. All in all a good place considering the amount that we paid for the room.
4	On a recent trip to Las Vegas, I was pleasantly surprised by the Stratosphere. My boyfriend and I booked a deal with this place on the app Hotel Tonight. When you sign up for Hotel Tonight, you automatically get $25 free credits. The deal was $33 (including tax) for a king size room at the Stratosphere. Well, with my credit, I only ended up paying $8 for the room. Fuck yes!The rooms are standard and no frill. There's some ugly shit on the walls which made me wonder if I'd like a hotel room better if the walls were bare. The size of the room was pretty big and the nice lady at the front desk put us right by the elevator. Noticing that the immediate neighborhood around this hotel was not-so-nice (even though it's on the strip technically), my boyfriend and I decided to just spend the entire time here. It was quite fun. Some readers may be familiar with my review of Santa Anita Park and know that I love a place where you can get all of your vices in at once. The Stratosphere kept us extremely entertained while getting said vices.We went to the top of the tower which is free to hotel guests. We got drunk up there. We played the slots which surprisingly didn't take all of our money at once. We found a nice little store to buy booze and cigarettes (I don't smoke, but I guess I smoke in Vegas) right by the elevator. Basically, everything we needed was at either end of that elevator. I will definitely return especially if I can get a deal like that again!
1	Was excited about seeing the strip from the top. But I didn't know that it would cost $16 just to ride the elevator to the top, and when you get to the top what a dump! The restaurant was closed for some reason when we where there, the top area is sectioned off into different "areas." For some reason there is a deli and a shitty bar. I knew it wasn't a 4 star hotel but god damn this place is run down. If there is a micky d's in the casino...beware!
4	This is one of the cheapest hotels on the strip along with Circus Circus. It's also one of the hotels the furthest down on the strip. Don't dare try walking the strip from this hotel unless you have really good shoes and a day pack. My sister and I learned our lesson the 1st time we went and stayed at Circus Circus. We had never been to Vegas before and I guess the Strip looks a lot shorter than you think when you're driving down it. So like the naives we were we walked from Circus Circus to the MGM Grand and my sister nearly died. Then we found out there is a trolley that you can get an all day pass for going up and down the strip. Ai ya!So the 2nd time we went and stayed at the Stratosphere. The Stratosphere is not that bad of a hotel. I didn't feel unsafe walking around outside and the casino is quite nice as well. The first night we got there after 6 hours of travelling we went and bought tickets to the attractions on the top of the Stratosphere. You take the elevator up what seems like 200 floors and step out on a platform. This is not for people afraid of heights at all. The fearless daredevils that we were we jumped on the ride that is like The Superman at Six Flags that shoots you up in the air at like Mach 6000. I admit, my palms were a little sweaty and my heart was palpitating slightly. So the ride shot us up in the air and stops just short of shooting you off the top of the Stratosphere to fall several hundred feet to your death. Everything was fine...then I look over and see my sister's head slumped to the side. I had noticed that she had stopped screaming mid way up. I have never been so scared in my life. I thought she had died. There is no way to get off the ride until they bring you back down. But they shot us up twice....which I guess was good for the money. So after they brought us back down, her little head popped up and I began breathing again. She was screaming so hard that she couldn't catch her breath and just blacked out. HAHA! Then we got on the roller coaster that takes you over the edge of the Stratosphere. Again...not for chumps. This one wasn't as fun since they had to put the breaks on like every 3 seconds to prevent you from going too fast and flying off the Stratosphere...again falling several hundred feet to your death. But they really have you locked in up there so I felt really secure. After that adventure we went down the elevator, gambled a little and went out in search of some trouble on the Strip (it wasn't that hard to find)The hotel itself is nice too. It was a place to lay our heads down. They have a pool on one of the higher levels, if not the roof, so it makes you feel all posh that you get to strut around in your 'kinis and flip flops with a dranky drank in your hand...thong & heels and a fur coat if yer classy. Haaaaa!
1	I used to have a good stay at this hotel, but after many years it has completely changed.  They do not update their rooms and the customer service is horrible!  I was in a room in the old tower (which I just booked on expedia and had no idea I was going to get this old, outdated room).  Well, my toilet didnt work.  They were trying to tell me that the plumber was going to have to be there for an hour or so and come back with parts.  UM NOOO!!!  I demanded to be moved/upgraded to another room.  This was like pulling teeth!  I did in fact get upgraded to another room and besides everything at the pool being closed (like drink and food service, which was ridiculous), I was relatively ok.  THEN...went to go use my sink and it was broken and clogged.  I called customer service again and they would do absolutely nothing about it.  I asked for a room comp and they said no.  They told me I could move to another room.  But after my stuff was all spread out all over the place, it was more of a pain to move, than to allow the sink just to fill to the top for them to clean out the next day.  If you are going to Vegas, pay a bit extra and go to a nicer hotel!
2	Too bad it's so far away from the strip.Went to the NYE party here, and I can say it's the best seat in Vegas for the fireworks show.
3	Clean, very north end of the Strip. $10 cab to old Vegas $15 to new Veas. The top of the tower is cool, but you don't need the package where it is included, because let's be real, you're only going to go up once. I stayed in the "newly remodeled" Select Tower. The rooms were pretty small. No bathroom ventilation, and the lighting in the bathroom, where you need good lighting the most, really sucked. The walls are very thin. So unless you are a heavy sleeper, you WILL hear everyone walking by your room at all hours of the day and night. Forget sleeping in, the maids will wake you in the morning regardless of if you have your do not disturb sign up. You can hear them cleaning the other rooms on your floor. You also pay a $7.50/day resort fee and $12 Internet fee per day while staying at this hotel. Bottom line, I wouldn't stay here again. I'd get closer I the newer scene for the same price.
1	a lot smaller compare to other hotel on the strip, very disappointed i had to pay just to get to the top where the rides were an pay additional for the rides. shouldn't that just be free to go up to see the view? just another way to get you to cough up the dough. every casino on the strip had no problem bringing me a bottle water an drink but apparently they can't do i here.
1	DO NOT stay here if at all possible. Every single person that I spoke to was rude and incredibly condescending. As it was my fault that the company that I booked with and their staff did not communicate correctly about my reservation....  Even when I called to confirm that everything had been sorted, the girl who I spoke to at the front desk had complete attitude with me and said, "Uh yeah. What else do you want? Everything has been settled." Is it MY fault that you chose to work in an industry where people have issues? I can also confirm that I did not call angrily either, just anxious!The blankets were not warm enough for the weather either.  And they kept charging us extra for things that we shouldn't have been charged for! Also way further from the strip than they advertised, in my opinion. Only saving grace is that we only had to pay about $33/night because we made our booking through a third party.
4	My husband and I stayed on an impulse last minute night in Vegas March 2012.  The rate was $15 a night plus tax.  Yes, you read that right, last minute rate of $15! So when we checked in, the sweetie at the counter - very friendly and helpful - was instinctively doing everything in her power to get us a free upgrade for our insanely low price.  We paid an extra $20 for a late check out so we could sleep in.  We had asked for a smoking room but as some sort of Nascar convention had taken all their smoking rooms she put us in a smoking room.  She told us if we smoked in the room nobody would do anything.  We did smoke in the room, and it was fine. We had a very nice room with an amazingly comfortable king size bed and an incredible view of the city.  The bathroom was immaculate with a jetted tub big enough for my husband and I to enjoy a night of romance.  As hotel guests we were able to attend the Stratosphere show "Bite" at a two for one price with a discount on drinks.  The drinks were yummy, (the bartender was incredibly friendly and helpful) the show was awesome if you are into vampires, tits, and classic rock (which my husband and I are, very much.) Included in our room were tickets to the top of the tower.  They take your picture before going up and later try to sell you overpriced photos of you in front of a green screen.  We did buy one 8x10 as a souvenier.  My husband isnt into heights, so we didnt stay at the top very long - but I loved it. After the show and a night out on the town, we enjoyed sleeping in, ordering room service, and watching Jerry Springer, and giggling over the "escort" section of the yellow pages.  (Affordable Asians, haha!) The room service wasn't the best or worst food, but it was affordable and timely, and allowed us a lesuirely morning in our room.  The stratosphere is affordable, the customer service is stellar, the show room is intimate and the production was surprisingly good for the price. The cons: location.  The hotel is located at the seedy end of the strip that smells like urine, surrounded by suspect people.  When you go anywhere I recommend taking a limo or cab closer to where the action is.  Don't try to walk anywhere outside near the stratosphere, especially late at night.
5	LOVE, LOVE the Stratosphere!!! Even my kids love it and ask me when are we going there again ;)What I love:The CHEAP rooms - even with the priciest upgrade, like Strip view superior level, the price is really low. The view is wonderful from superior levels, either strip or mountains side, we stayed in both during our visits. Some rooms have a smaller window than others, so try to get a room with a larger window, they offer a much better view. We had flat screen TVs in our rooms.Stratosphere is one of the few hotels in Las Vegas that won't charge you extra for the children. As I know, only Circus, Circus doesn't charge for kids either (but I would never stay there, the atmosphere it's just like its name, a circus) and Excalibur (well, maybe we'll try this one sometimes in the future, but I think they have higher hotel fees). So, if you come here with your family, and you want to avoid the extra ~$30/child/night, Stratosphere is a very good choice.We LOVE THE FOOD AT THEIR BUFFET, DEFINITELY TRY IT!!!!!! Every single thing that we tried there is exquisite. If you get an ACE player card, you get a nice discount at the buffet.Love also the pool at the 8th level. Even at Thanksgiving time it was warm enough to have a good time.Parking is plenty and it's free, never had a problem finding a spot, even late at night.The hotel is a bit far on the strip, but you can either take your car and park for free at any other hotels on the strip, or you can ride the bus. Walking is not an option, is too far from anything. Maybe one-way, but for the way back you will be too tired.Also love that they offer to their guests free unlimited entrance to the tower. If you are not a guest there, the entrance can be pricey. Never tried the rides, too scary!!Stratosphere, see u next time!
3	Too far from most of hotels in the strip.
1	There are plenty of reasons as to why I probably will never visit Stratosphere again, and why I had to check out two nights earlier:Area/Location: The Stratosphere doesn't feel as if it's even on the strip. One night when I was coming back from a El Nopal, people that were homeless and what seemed to be were drugs, approached me in a hostile manner. This occurred not once, but twice. Once going to El Nopal, and the second coming back. When heading to the restaurant, the first person got so close to me with alcohol on his breath and seemed began to yell at me to "Want me to tap that a** girl?". The second time coming back, another person came at me and grabbed my arm and asked me to, "Help me him out?". This is unacceptable, due to it being less than half a block away from the hotel. Added security should be a main concern to let guests feel as if they are safe.Front Desk Personnel - I did NOT feel welcome AT ALL when I checked in. The attendant did not ask how I was doing/how my day was. The vibe to begin with did not start my trip well. When I ended up leaving two days earlier, the attendant didn't even ask me how my stay was or care to even ask as to why I was checking out early. Room - Did not provide a Vegas atmosphere. Everything seemed bland and basic. The bathtubs in the bathrooms are so high, that the two times that I had to take a shower I almost tripped and fell onto the floor.Shops - Were empty, no one seemed to be actually doing their jobs, people in middle booths were texting and playing video games. There was a male at the henna tattoo booth who tried being flirtatious with me when I had not even acknowledged him. Other people actually doing their jobs in the shops had a depressed demeanor.
3	The pros are a single item: cheap roomsThe cons are for more numerous:  the place is in a ghetto area of the Strip where I saw vagrants yelling at themselves on the way back to the hotel.  If you have a far of being mugged, this is not the place to stay.  Taking the monorail at night back to the hotel is an adventure all its own, since the monorail station closest to the stratosphere is a closed down casino with little lighting on the street  to get back.  It is also very far to walk to the big casinos on the southern end of the Strip.  Gambling was mostly the usual dreck of white trash and old people blowing their retirement accounts on slots.  There were quite a number of women who were dressed as hookers, but since this is Vegas real sex workers and women coming from clubs look identical since the level of class in the city is so high.  They also hit you with an additional fee of 15 dollars a night for entrance to the tower and exercise room that is not clearly stated when you book online.  The rooms themselves are nice enough, with big TVs and comfortable beds.
3	Decent experience. Room was a good deal on priceline. A little outdated, a ton of rooms, no window to open and a lot of walking. Nothing to write home about, nothing to really complain about. There was an old bag of chips that was opened still in the room and that was a bit of a turn off.
3	This is a review for the stratosphere restaurant that spins around to give you a vision of all of Vegas.Food was decent, I had lobster ravioli but on second thought that was probably a bad decision since it was $55 meaning I could have purchased 1-2 full sized lobsters and ate that instead...Anyways the prices are pretty high, expect to spend around 40-60 pretip/tax.
1	If there was an option for a negative rating, it would be a -5. Ok so let me run down the list of things that warrants the negative rating here: 1. Upon check-in, the girl who checked us in was rude. She asked if we wanted a smoking or non-smoking room and we requested a non-smoking room. She never asked if anyone was handicap either (my husband had spinal surgery so he's considered handicap). We get in the room and it smells like cigarette smoke and the towels also reeked of smoke meaning the towels weren't changed or clean for that matter. The tour of the rooms on the Internet are NOTHING like what we walked into. I was quite shocked to be honest. So we went down to registration to talk to the same rude ass chick and she changed our room. Again, she didn't ask if anyone was handicap but I told her I needed something handicap friendly and what does she do?! Put us in a room that WASN'T handicap friendly. My husband is very anal about hotel cleanliness so he checked the sheets and pillows when we got in. Two of the five pillows were stained so we asked housekeeping to bring us two clean pillows. Upon return that night, we were still two pillows shy. 2. The buffet was down right atrocious! The French toast tasted like it was the frozen crap that was microwaved too long so it was like chewing a piece of leather. The dessert was equally awful; bland, not sweet, and the soda was flat and the water tasted like tap water. 3. Top of the world restaurant..good gracious. The chick who checked us in at the bottom was a snot. We had an hour and a half to eat and somehow didn't eat! We got to the top and were seated quickly but our server seemed to be pre-occupied in serving other tables that came after us. She continued to walk by our table and say "I'll be right back". We managed to get a half a glass of wine that tasted like it was straight vodka and a $9 bottle of damn water. Everytime she walked by (about 5 times total) I tried to put in my order and she just kept saying she would be back. Now I really hate to pull the race card because I would like to think that the times have changed and people embrace diversity, but I'm doin it for this one. I also noticed the Asian family seated nearby was starting to get the same treatment. After waiting an hour for our waitress to attempt to take our order, we had to leave for a show in 30 minutes. She said she could have us out in 30 minutes but I wanted to enjoy my food and not inhale it, after all, we were going to drop a substantial amount of money there, I just wanted to enjoy it and our waitress killed it. Needless to say, we spent half of our honeymoon at the stratosphere trying to work out problems that shouldn't be there. I will never come back here. Please do yourself a favor and RUN AWAY!!!!
3	Three stars is for McCall's, and the view, nice clean casino and staff is pleasant. That being said got charged to much for a extra night. Get back to room late and it had never been cleaned. What a bummer to return to. Then let the night from hell begin the walls in this place are thin. Kids running in halls and people fighting in other rooms all night. Kids are because of parents but it still not worth taking a chance on this place. But by all means go see the view from tower and eat at MC Call's.
2	This review is for the casino only.  The Stratosphere is in a ghetto fabulous area that you don't wanna walk around at nite, supposedly on The Strip, but not really close at all.  Parking is a pain winding up and up the garage - I felt dizzy just riding in the car!  I got a players card and no free comps, free play, nothing.  Just an incentive to play to get a % off the buffet.  The slots there were acceptable - not the tightest ever.  The cocktail waitresses were good about coming around.  It's an OK place to play...
3	When this place first opened, everything here seemed great, but now everything is just average compared to all other casino hotels on the strip.It looks like they never updated anything here so the casino and all the furnishings appear kinda old. I booked the cheapest room which provided basic accommodations for travelers who only need a place to sleep, which was perfect for me. I got one of the newer rooms, and it was neat and cozy, the only inconvenience is that there is no small fridge.Location: It was a little far to walk to the more popular places on the strip, but great if you are going to Fremont Street. So if you don't have a car, you either have to spend a lot of time walking or a lot of money taking the cab, of course you can also consider taking the bus.To me the best thing here was still the view, and guest here can go up to the top of the tower free.Hotel staffs I met were friendly, however, one particular security on the top of the tower was extremely rude. His attitude was obnoxious and disrespectful. I will not consider staying here again.
5	So glad that I took the trip up here to ride the rides at the top of the Stratosphere. I got the unlimited ride package and rode each ride twice, which took a little over an hour on a Saturday night. Some of my best photos of my Vegas vacation were taken up here.
4	Outdated but nice Hotel overall! Their buffet is not good, but their are other restaurants in the Hotel! Their is a restaurant that is on the top floor that is very nice.... It slowly spins & you will be able to see the highest view of Las Vegas! BEAUTIFUL VIEW! The resturant is very upscale. There is a photographer that will offer to take pictures! Beautiful pictures! The restaurant is very expensive! $50 minimum per guest but it was worth the experience! I won over $700 for my birthday in the Casino so I can't complain! I really enjoyed my stay! The rooms were plain but perfect... Nice & clean!
4	I visited the Stratosphere Hotel in September 2011. It is located at the end of the Strip. The rooms are quite average and provide a medium standard. The pool area of the hotel is rather below average compared to other hotels. Overall I was satisfied with the offer of the hotel. For the budget traveler, the hotel is a very good choice.
4	Came here for the rides and the view.  I recommend them all, especially the one where you jump off the side of the building.  Do that one last, when you're done with happy hour at the lounge.  Gets you to the bottom floor in no time flat and as no one wants to do that ride there never is a  line to "get down" from the top.
1	Seemed like we were in the ghetto.  It was dirty and a scary crowd was in the casino.  Husband was approached by a hooker one night in the casino. Then the next night was approached my a man of color and asked if he wanted to help him "roll a drunk"  no security was seen from Friday - Sunday during our visit.  We were checked into our room, but when we got up to it, there was already someone in there!  Housekeeping did not knock, just walked in on Saturday. Then woke us up early on Sunday to "check and see if we had checked out".  These are just some of the problems we had.  When I brought it to their attention when we checked out I was told "What do you want me to do about it?"  I said  I guess nothing.  I have tried to contact them since we got home as well to inform them of the problems and have not received any response.  Our next trip we will NOT be staying at this place and I suggest you keep on looking too!  Cheap is not always better.
5	We came here for our Valentine's Day Vacation. When we arrived the bellman greeted us and directed us to check in. We waited maybe 5 minutes (this was at 4pm), the front desk agent was super professional and knowledgeable. We had a letter waiting at concierge and she was very friendly too. Total check in time was around 10 minutes and we were off to our room. My husband secretly booked us their newly remodeled "spa king" suite. So when we entered the room I nearly passed out because there was a HUGE tub in the bathroom!! Yay!!! On the 22nd floor you get an excellent view of the north part of the strip and from this particular suite we could watch people riding the "sky jump". The room was very clean, and the bed was comfortable. Room service is excellent here too! Yummy breakfast and friendly staff. The stratosphere tower is expensive if your not staying here and I wouldn't recommend it otherwise. However, we went to their Level 107 lounge and had the happy hour special. Buy 1 get 1 free martini's!!!! OMG these are good! And after awhile I forgot about the height and didn't mind the slight building movements I felt. So definitely go there if your staying here!The pool isn't heated but there were a few brave souls in there anyway. And we needed a few minutes of respite so we hung out for 20 minutes or so in the spa. The staff are friendly and offered us towels. It was really nice to just relax from a busy day!The casino isn't as busy as some of the other casino's so we were able to enjoy all of our favorite games easily. It's not smoky as some other yelpers metioned. Our blackjack dealers were awesome! And the drink girls came around often. Actually, they came around so often I was a little worried that security wouldn't let us on our flight home!!! The spa was good for our pedicures, not what I expected for a resort though. We got right in and the lady was really nice. Can't remember her name but she had really short blonde spiky hair. Our only issue was valentine's day as we had reserved a rental car from Budget to drive to our couples massage. The lady was rude and since I don't have excellent credit she denied us! We had to literally scramble to make other arrangements! They could have warned us upon reservation. But they are not part of stratosphere so it's not their fault!We had a fabulous time and will come back!!!!! Thank you!
2	If you need a place to crash that's inexpensive, this will do.  I just have to say though, it's really not a very nice place.  Our room was actually dirty with paint splatters all over the counter, bulbs out, paint chipped. On the flip side, it was $35/night... so oh well.  This facility is also a LONG walk from anything else on the strip, so if you want to be closer to things, this isn't your place.
4	We had stayed here Thurs 3/14- Sun 3/17. My daughter had a soccer tournament in Las Vegas and needed a reasonable place to stay but also a place where the adults could have a little fun too. I was pleasantly surprised to have a nice room for the price I paid! The front desk was helpful. The housekeeper was friendly. Clean beds and bathrooms.  Flat screen tv. I would definitely come here again!
1	We booked a trip to Vegas on short notice and all of the hotel prices on the strip were astronomical ($300+ a night most everywhere we looked). We ended up getting matched with The Stratosphere on Priceline for $83/night. We checked out the reviews and decided for the price and the love/hate reviews it would be worth a try.We checked in on a Friday afternoon and we were initially impressed with the service. Everyone was very knowledge and friendly and we were swiftly whisked away to our room. On first glance, our room looked comparable to a Best Western or Days Inn. Everything looked fairly clean and was decorated in the generic motif that you expect a midrange hotel to have.  I wish I could end this review on such a positive note....We were given a small room with 2 double beds. It was just my boyfriend and I, so we picked the bed farthest from the door in which to take a nap before the nights festivities. We pulled back the blankets and immediately noticed spots of what appeared to be blood on the sheets. Disgusting. We checked out the other bed which was clean and decided to call the front desk to inform them of what we had found. We were put on hold in excess of 20 minutes and the system eventually hung up on us.  Luckily, we had the second bed or I would have flipped out on someone.Later in the same evening we each went to take a shower and noticed that there was still smears of makeup on one of our towels. Really? We called down to housekeeping to ask for more. Again, it took about 15 minutes to be connected and the woman who answered was very unpleasant. I asked to have towels sent up and informed her of our room number and she literally said "Fine." And slammed down the phone. Surprise, surprise....I waited for 45 minutes before giving up on the towels and getting ready to go. The towels never came and we were almost late to our dinner reservations.The next day our bathroom/vanity lights went out. I had my boyfriend call this time. Same result. Put on hold forever and hung up on. While showering in the dark may seem like an adventure, it is not. It's incredibly annoying and our experience at this hotel had been ruined.  It was probably something as simple as a blown fuse, but apparently no one was willing to take the time to find out.The toilet seat was also broken, if you didn't hold it firmly against the tank while sitting down or peeing it would snap closed. At this point we decided to spend as little time at this hotel as possible. We spent as much time as we could out on the strip (which is NO WHERE NEAR the hotel....20-30 min. Deuce ride or a $15-$20 cab ride depending on traffic). It was closer to the Fremont Street area, but not by much. If you need a place to rest your head and watch the room spin, this may be the place for you. If you don't mind taking long drunken bus rides in the middle of the night, you just might like this place. I, for one, will NEVER go back to this hotel and will tell everyone I know to avoid it at all costs.  Lesson learned: I will fork out the cash for a nice room on the strip next time and spend my money elsewhere.
4	This review is for Lounge 107. Anything else as in the hotel or casino I can't comment on. If you go for happy hour which is 4-7pm you don't have to pay for the elevator ride up to the lounge. Which is $16 normally if I remember right. The lounge itself large and nice with a romantic type of ambience. It's kind of dimly lit with killer views of the Las Vegas strip. The drink special is 2 for 1 martini's which has to be the same flavor. It's cool if you go with someone cause then you both can order a flavor and switch one. Our favorite when we went was the "Red Velvet" martini. We also got their sliders and some type of calamari and shrimp dish. Both were really good. The sliders were pretty big, not like normal tiny sliders. So we got the elevator ride up for the both of us, 4 martini's, and 2 entrees for $41 plus a tip. Can't beat that. Definitely a cool spot to go to with a date. The only bad part is it's located at the end of the strip but hey that's what taxis are for...
3	This review concerns the poker room and the pai gow tables; I did not stay at the hotel.  The staff at the poker room was nice, but they did not have a game going in the middle of the day on a Sunday.  Eventually one started, but come on, run some promotions or something to make sure you at least have one table going in the middle of the day on a weekend.  The pai gow dealers were very nice and I had no problem getting a seat while waiting for a poker table to open.
1	I called 2 hours in advance of arriving to verify our reservation, which was made through a 3rd party site. After repeated calls to different numbers listed on their site, someone finally answered and I was told everything was fine and assured the room type I requested. When we arrived they insisted I never called, and when I showed them my call log they continued to insist this despite it showing a 5 minute call to their hotel. After 6 hours they didn't have our reservation and refused to call to check it. They insisted we pay again but assured they would "fix it all" in the morning once they received their reservation. When we got to the room it was two "double" beds, not the king as I was told. The entire hotel floor was covered in garbage, discarded food trays,  and debris. The room floor was also full of trash and dirt. There were public hairs all over the tiny, squalid room, which smelled heavily of sweat and smoke. I couldn't stop sneezing all night. The towels did not look clean and one was even damp and crumpled. The room walls are paper thin and you hear every person in the hall and in the nearby rooms. It was a horrible experience. When I spoke to the supervisor he only made flimsy excuses and platitudes. What a disgusting place. They don't even meet the minimum standards of cleaning or customer services that you would expect from a one-star hotel. Honestly, once you add in the resort fee ($13) and the taxi (about $25 each way, because its ridiculously far from the decent casinos and in a crappy, somewhat unsafe area), you may as well stay at a better place regardless of if you you got a good rate from a third party site.
1	One of the least pleasant hotel experiences I've had. First of all I should say that we only paid $62 including tax and resort fee for one night, so our expectations were not high - I realise you get what you pay for. But we paid for a non-smoking room, and got a non-smoking room which stank of cigarette smoke - yuck. We did actually get upgraded from the smallest/most basic type to a "King suite". However, this just meant a bigger bed (this was admittedly comfy) and a bigger but weird-shape room. Our TV was so far from the bed that the remote wouldn't work without us getting up and walking across the room!The room was clean but dated, and despite having our AC set to 66, we both woke up sweating in the heat in the night. Wifi, often free in cheap hotels, was $12 for 24 hours, but whereas with the Cosmo I could use the Internet anywhere in the building, here I could only get a (patchy) signal in the room. The speed was appalling and it kept dropping out completely. Finally, our shower only gave us lukewarm water in the morning.Overall we couldn't wait to get out of this place.
4	First off, ask for the upgrade to the remodeled rooms. It is an extra $10 a night and from what I understand, worth the price. The room we had was remodeled and clean. The only issue was a crack in the tub but I think it was more cosmetic. The other larger issue was that the doors needed to be soundproofed! Every time people walked by you heard them. One group was so loud I thought they were in front of our door. I went in the hall and they were six doors away but I could clearly hear their conversation before I opened the door.  Apparently it was a 4:00 am therapy session for cougars.  The price includes the pool (over crowded with families) and visits up the top of the stratosphere. The Stratosphere was amazing with inside and outside viewing area.  We went at sunset for a great view. The bar up there is great too.
2	This review is for the observation deck only as I did not have time for any of the restaurants. It's a fun thing to do but honestly I was underwhelmed by the guest service. I was there on 3/31/13. The line was decently long, however there was trash everywhere. In a 15 min wait I saw so many food wrappers and bottles left in line by guests, where is the clean staff? The elevator ride was fast, and there was a fairly old operator but barely spoke any English and nobody could understand the speech he was attempting to give. The view was nice enough, but trying to get down we waited in a room of clustered elevators and literally the first 3 we tried we couldn't go to the ground on, they only served the restaurants and club up there. However there was no sign as to which one would take us down and the operators there seemed peterbed the more people asked them which one. The lady on the way down was better but was kind of boring. None of them smiled or seemed to like being there. Now in reality, I'm an elevator operator at the Space Needle in Seattle, and was quite surprised at the lack of enthusiasm and service from the staff compared to the level of service I personally am used to giving. I was excited to meet operators from the stratosphere and talk shop but they seemed so bored and blah I didn't bother. The Eiffel Tower on the strip is a WAY better view.
4	I was in Vegas a couple weeks ago. I saw some shows, and went to a bunch of casinos. I heard Stratosphere was a bit run down but I was pleasantly surprised when I got there. They had a great Italian restaurant!! The casino was very clean and my buddies had a blast learning to play Craps... even though we didn't win. Lots of fun machines to play there too. Also, the show we saw at 1030 there was great.
5	This hotel is my favorite! great rooms great staff! and easy to get in and out!!!!!!!!!
3	Came to Vegas for a wedding, so was looking for a cheaper place to stay that was still close to all the chapels.   Had a HORRIBLE experience with booking since I was flying in at 6AM, and originally booked through hotels.com and even though I was willing to pay for an extra night, they were still giving me issues saying i had to wait until 3:00PM , when I had the wedding at 5.   Called the hotel directly and they wouldn't help me because I was going through hotels. com.   Nice.  My experience is with the hotel, seems like the don't care if its not booked through them.   Called hotels.com... and they won't let me pay for the day before with an extra late check in... I mean really, no one wants my money?  I finally had to book two days via Hotels.com and then call back to the hotel and book another night with notes that I wouldn't check in until 6AM the next morning and pay them directly.  The second person I talked to at the Hotel directly was much nicer and they linked my two reservations together so that I didn't have to check out and then check back in.After the above was all settled, upon arrival everything went smoothly.  The rooms were ok, there was a resort fee that I didn't see anywhere in my hotel.com reservation information, but oh well.  Plenty of parking, loved the casino, not too bad shows, yada yada. I like that its away from the main strip, as we spent no time there. We did walk down to Circus Circus and the Riveria, but to go further would have been pushing it....  BUt its easy to get in and out of the hotel, and since we had a car we spend most days in Downtown Vegas... The rooms are a little outdated, but they fit our need.  We did go up to the observation tower (included in our room) and that was pretty cool.  I had started coming down with the flu, so sadly i didn't get to partake in any of the extreme fun things you can do at the top... like jump :)  You can even see video of other jumpers on the TV.  We did the buffet one morning... it was amazing.  tons of breakfast foods and even lunch/dinner stuff too....it was good, and plentiful... and since we just joined the membership in the casino... it was free!!  I would stay here again unless I found something cheaper.   I'd rather spend my money DOING stuff than needing 3 bathrooms and a tv in my mirror( ahem Bellagio)...
4	I expected this hotel to be old and run down, but was very surprised.  Clean and rooms looked good !   With the staff we did deal with was very nice and helpful.  We had a small problem with our TV, the remote was not operating the TV.  The desk sent someone with a new remote five minutes later (this was around 8pm at night). It did not work so he stated a tech would be sent out.  The next afternoon as we were leaving our room we advised the housekeeping and by the time we returned to our room it was all working.  Loved the fact that the public transit (RTC) was right by the hotel.  A Starbucks is located in the hotel, a big plus!  The hotel bar offers all you can drink between the hours of 6pm-10pm for $20.  The restaurant in the hotel (the roxy) was good food for breakfast.  It seemed a little expensive , but everything in Vegas is.  The only issue we had was that we stayed on the 8th floor and that's where all of the traffic to the pool was, so we had kids running down the hall.
4	A great value and a great experience. While it will always be location challenged it now is worth the walk. Can't wait to get back next month.
4	Loved my stay here my room was clean and decent not the prettiest room but hey you get what you pay for. It was definietly worth the $25 a night. Basic needs, comfy king bed, flat screen tv, closet, and a deep tub small bathroom tho. I didn't like that there was a door that connected to the room next to me I could walk in on the person or vice versa plus I could hear him snoring.Casion is very clean and giving(; .. but some corners are really dark at night and scary if you're alone I didn't see security near that area. It doesn't smell like smoke like other casinos on the strip. So ventilation is GOOD.Hotel service is good. Was able to check in early even tho booked through an agency. Fast check out. But the buffet here sucks I'd rather walk to jack in the box down the road.
3	Meh. I wasn't super impressed by anything here, but I may have just had a series of bad experiences. So take this with a grain of salt, I guess. . .The window in our room faced the wall of another building. Disappointing, but okay for what we payed. Went to the Top of the World restaurant. It spins, very slowly, while you eat. Doofus here gets motion sickness incredibly easily and couldn't finish my $60+ meal. I had the parsnip soup (pretty amazing), but couldn't eat my salad or entree. Had to leave the restaurant completely before my entree even came. They were nice enough to wrap it up for me, but my experience was truly awful. If you easily get sick, do not eat here. You'll end up throwing up your expensive-ass meal in your mediocre hotel room.Also, ordered room service and put the table out when we were finished. . . and it stayed there until we checked out the next day. Other guests starting piling their garbage on it. A little ridiculous.
4	I was in Vegas for a wedding and everyone in the wedding party was staying at the Strat so my girlfriend and I decided to stay here. Before my stay here I had never even set foot on the grounds of the Strat because it is so far from everything else. I was however pleasantly surprised! Our room is really nice, especially for how little we paid! The casino isn't smokey at all, and we received 2 free drinks while playing the penny slots (which never happens!). The view from the top of the Strat at night is effin amazing! The bar downstairs has all you can drink 5pm-9pm for 20$! It's also on the Bus line that is 7$ for 24 hours unlimited rides so it's easy to get down to the bigger casinos for shows or poker rooms!Overall it's really cheap, it isn't the Venetian by any means but it's a nice clean place to sleep! I'd 100% stay here again, and probably will.My two complaints....buffet is mediocre, and the elevators take a LONG time around check out time cuz it's super busy!
4	We stayed in the Oasis Suite. It was clean and the bed was comfortable. The jetted tub accommodated both of us, and the bathroom was quite large. This was our first stay at the Stratosphere and we were pleasantly surprised.
2	It is what it is - a dated hotel, in the middle of the strip with nothing around.The draw is the big old saucer sitting at the top. Yup!I was here for the Stair Climb that takes place inside one of the struts and supports the American Lung Association.I booked on line and it was extremely cheap and affordable. What was a bummer, was that the "deal" price that American Lung Assoc got, was more than the on line price. Boo.I did not choose to upgrade my room to have a re-ferbed room and to have a view. There is a whole saucer up there to enjoy the view from, duh. And i was really only coming in to do the race and head back home. So i did not upgrade. My room was directly in front of the elevators. ugh. There was a limited power plugs, furnishings were dated, but i'm assuming once the full refurb gets done this will be updated.We were in a handicapped accessible room, which is fine, but there was no place in the bathroom to put your stuff. Barely room to stick your tooth brush. And the towels were across the room. I pity the handicapped person attempting to dry off after their shower or bath.Elevators were pretty speedy. Shops were ok. Restaurant on site had a great menu, we enjoyed some wonderful appetizers. I'm not a gambler, but the casino seemed small and meh. The smoke smell wasn't too terrible, but certainly noticeable since i was there to do a race for American Lung Association.Note: there is a starbucks on site and they do a pretty good job!All in all - it's the stratosphere...  take it for what it is. You get what you get!
3	I was back at the Stratosphere this weekend.  I stand by my old review.....the property is ok.  The rooms are ok.......the only real issue is the neighborhood.  Ladies should never walk outside the property alone.  I suggest nobody walk off the property at night.   Cabs and rental cars period.    Other than that a very good low priced option.
2	Sorely disappointed. Such a shame seeing as how the top of the world used to be our favorite restaurant
1	Bed bugs!!!!!!! Bed bugs. My husband and I had to stay at the Stratosphere until our apt was ready to move in. I was in one room and everything in the bathroom stopped working we were switched to another room. I woke up two days later with what I thought was a rash at the time. I went to quick care and was told that the appeared to be Bed Bug bites. I went back to the room and low and behold there were several Bed Bugs I found. I immediately told the hotel manager and was moved to another room. I made a report with the security. I had bites all over my body that turned into these big dark spots that looked like little rashes. No one never inspected the room while I was there this was done days later. Security took pictures of my body in the new room. I had to buy all these different itch  creams, take all my cloths, bags, luggages, shoes ect to the cleaners to get steamed cleaned and washed because the only way to kill these Bed Bugs are by high heat. Finally risk managment got intouch woth me and said theu had some one come to check it out and it was negative sign of bed begs. I have pictures showing these things. The hotel didnt compensate me for all the money I had to spend to get rid of these bugs they offered me a complimentary dinner at the nasty a** disgusting resturant cafe these people are a fuc****  joke and im still suffing from the incident. This hotel is the fuc**** worst. Please please spend a little extra money and find a better hotel to stay at. The worst hotel in my life.
4	Had some concerns because the Stratosphere was so far from the Strip but the prices were just too good to pass up!Being far from the strip was kinda disappointing though, you cant just walk from one hotel to the other in less than a minute :(   And it was kind of in the ghetto...The room was pretty nice and wasn't too outdated. there were nice beds and a good Tv. The bathrooms were really nice and had a lot of space. Room service was pretty good.The Stratosphere thrill rides were fun and are a few bucks cheaper if you're staying at the hotel. The 360 degree room on the 108th was pretty cool too!Overall I enjoyed my stay at the Stratosphere. There were no problems with our room but a disappointment being soooo far away from the strip. BUT the prices were just too good!
3	*** Review is for casino only ***The Stratosphere casino is a fairly large area that meanders from the self park garage around to Las Vegas Boulevard.  There are little tricks to remember where you want to go and which set of stairs/escalators are the best for getting to the theatre.The casino itself has a good selection of various slots and denominations.  They seem to target the lower rollers like me.  The casino seems to be a lot cleaner than it was when I've been there in the past.  The cocktail waitresses were around often last night and were very pleasant women.  I did notice the large percent of people who were smoking but unless you were right near them, smoke was not a problem.  They've installed a good ventilation system.I'll always have fond thoughts about the Strat even though I'm not there very often.  It was here when I was invited to a free slot tournament that through some twist of fate, I came in first and won the grand prize of $10,000.  That still doesn't buy the place an extra star but it brings warm fuzzy thoughts!
4	I have had no problems with this Hotel. They have done allot of remodeling the past couple years which has turned this place around., If you haven't been lately it's worth another try. If  your looking to party stay closer to the strip  because this is the last hotel on the strip costing about $15 for a cab to get where all the action is. But if that's not a concern and all you need is a nice room,pool, nicely ventilated casino, bars,and good restaurants then your golden here.Lastly if you want to be a big fish in a small pond this is the place to gamble. I spent around $500 at the tables and the pit boss asked if I wanted comped tickets to the show, My whole trip I spent around $2000 and moved to V.I.P. status on the players club card, Which is good enough to get my business at least if  there going to get my money I might as well get treated like a king. I f you spend that kind of money at the larger hotels you can't get a cup of water.
3	At one time I managed a retail store in here so had reason to visit this location many times.For starters it's not in the best part of town. I wouldn't recommend walking around outside here in the evening.Besides it's location it's not too bad. The view from up top is incredible!It also seems to be a popular place to stay for those on a budget.
3	We made a reservation for the Stratosphere as part of a vacation package through expedia, and we requested a non-smoking room with a king sized bed. When we got there, the only thing they had left with king sized beds were smoking rooms, so we decided to upgrade to the newly renovated rooms, and we got a room on the top floor with a jacuzzi tub. The room was nice, and the tub was big. You do have to pay a resort fee, but it does not include free wifi, so for that you have to pay extra. The resort fee does include unlimited trips to the tower, but you do have to go through security to get up there, and you cannot take tripods up with you. I was unimpressed by the bars and the restaurants in the hotel and casino. There is a Starbucks right by the elevators, which was good. There are some shops on the upper level of the casino, but they looked very empty. The casino itself was not very smoky, which is nice since neither one of us smokes. The pool is nice. It wasn't very busy the entire time we were there. It's more of a lounging pool, so I think the deepest it got was 3 1/2 feet. Unfortunately, it closed at 7pm, which seemed a little early to me. I would say the worst part of staying here, were the ladies at the information desk. Every single time you walked by, they hassled you. I'm guessing they were trying to sell the casino members club deal, but I never stopped to find out because they were so pushy and rude. I really think the casino should reconsider having their employees do that. Overall, we had a decent stay at the Stratosphere, but it would be a lot better if they fixed some minor issues.
3	Clean, friendly staff.  The bonus of this far from the main strip is just that.  Was great to have a more quite, low key place to crash - sure they food options were lacking and it is far from where you want to be, but for the price and the small amount of people, I'd recommend it.
4	See the special offer page on the Stratosphere website for great deals. I used one of these offers and got a lower rate than my friend that booked over the phone. The hotel rooms and towers seem recently updated but the casino and retail level could use a makeover. Because of this, we only spent one night gambling at the Stratosphere. I had a rental car so we could quickly go to other casinos on the strip. The pool area and bar are adequate and it's fun to watch people doing the Skyjump off the tower. A full service Starbucks in the casino lobby was a welcome surprise but there can be a long line around 9 am. If you have a rental car, the Stratosphere is a good, inexpensive place to stay and use as your base of operations. I would stay there again.
4	I usually stay here while in Vegas when I need to pay for a hotel.  It's technically on the Strip, but it's far up on the North side of it.  The only thing close by is the Sahara which is now closed.  The next closest casino is Circus Circus and it's quite a walk.The hotel rooms are clean and recently updated.  Prices are slightly cheaper than most places on the Strip since this isn't exactly on the Strip and it's at the beginning of the slightly seedy area of Vegas. Around $100/night is typical.I enjoy gambling here because you can find plenty of table games where it's $5-$10 minimum during the weekend, unlike most of the Strip casinos where $15 if you are lucky is the minimum.The pool area is decent.  There is a bar and plenty of towels.The observation deck is free to hotel guests during the day with a pass that comes with your fun book.  (but honestly, who wants to go up there during the day?)
5	Stayed here because of a documentary I saw in my travel and tourism class. I didn't get to enjoy the spectacular attractions since I chickened out but plan to re-visit and unlock my inner dare devil. Hotel was really convenient walking distance to a lot of things on the strip. I did a lot of local things on this trip since my best friend lives in town, stayed away from touristy activities but I dedicated one day to wander and explore the hotels while in Vegas  and I must say Stratosphere was the best, had the perfect vibe, felt comfortable the whole time here.  Everyday I would discover new things about the hotel, restaurants, arcade, shopping stores. Enjoyed myself a great deal.
4	I stayed at the Strat and was pretty pleased.POSITIVES- Low table minimums- Easy to get comped (I got a free buffet super-fast betting minimum bets at a $5 table.)- Nice staffNEGATIVES- I got a hot tub suite, which was great, but there was mold underneath the soap dish, and excessive dust in the air vent.  How does housekeeping not clean/replace these things, especially in a suite?- The casino floor has a distinctive smell that you may not love.  (It's better than, say, the Riviera, but not as good as the Venetian.)- No great dining options onsite.The mix of people at the strat was just that, a mix.  There were straight-up ghetto people, well-off people, and a surprising number of foreigners.  There were also what seemed like roving groups of foreign men hoping to hook up, but no ladies to reciprocate (that I could see).  I felt bad for the dudes; hopefully they took a cab to a location with better odds.  (I think the Strat is not a great place to meet women...)
2	A smoker's delight.  The suite smells like an ashtray and the HVAC blows second hand smoke in my room.  There were college kids partying in the hallways til about 4 am.  The casino is a smokey hell hole.  ON the plus side, it was pretty cheap and the pool was nice.
4	We had great service and great prices for a hotel on the strip. But do not go into the casino with children and when they ask you to leave they are a little rude about it.
4	had a blast here at the stratosphere. the service was very friendly and even the dealers are too. the best thing i loved was the military discounts! the decent accommodations are not bad and unfortunately its a little far from the strip but you can't beat the price.
1	Worst fucking valet line ever. Even with a sign the lane is apparently "not for valet". I see no valet drivers either even though the security guy told me valet is still open!As for the casino, this is the creepiest hotel resort I have EVER been to on The Strip! Like the Circus Circus, it caters primarily to the hillbilly and redneck tourists. Anyone who is not missing all but their front two incisors are either passing by or headed to the rides and bungee jumps at the very top of the casino.Often you can gauge the quality of a hotel's clientele by the looks of the cocktail waitresses. If they look fucking old or octogenerian, and still wears the company-standard uniforms that shows WAY TOO MUCH (cover your fucking eyes!), then they probably cater to a group of gamblers that are mainly homeless on the penny slots. Personally, I use this place as a convenient parking spot for First Friday. The parking garage lanes are VERY confusing though. It's kind of like a very tightly wound maze that goes 20 stories up.
4	Before I even start this review, I'm just gonna say I'm biased towards Stratosphere. A good biased might I add..This has been our go-to hotel/resort for my family and I ever since I was like....in elementary school.From years ago until the present time, all our stays here have been nothing but pleasant. From the parking garage to our rooms....everything was quick, easy and hassle free. Great rates can always be found here. I mean, what more do you really need in a hotel room? You're in Vegas. I'm sure most of you are out of your rooms during the day (and even night.) As long as the room you're staying in is fully functional and clean...that should be enough. If you're a tourist that's looking for "oh mai gawd, I want to live the luxurious lifestyle with a fancy check in area" and blah blah blah...take your ass to the Venetian, Cosmopolitan, Bellagio, or Wynn. But seriously...the Strat has everything you can possible need while on a Vegas vaca. You got your casino floor with endless amounts of slot machines and table games. You got your restaurants (affordable ones AND your $$$$$ ones). You got 2+ bars. A small souvneir shopping area. Sportsbook. A pretty decent pool. What more do you really need!?!
5	Well worth the entire 5 minute drive to the heart of the strip to enjoy this breath taking views from the top. Hotel guests get to go up for free as many times as you like!! Awesome lounge at the top that doesn't play music too loud so you can still, you know, converse as humans like to do sometimes. Very friendly staff and clean hotel. Avoid the Starbucks though, absolutely horrible customer service there. But the hotel is great!!
3	It was a great stay for the price. We wanted to stay close to the strip but not right on it. We also didn't want to pay a arm and 2 toes to stay at the big boys! We arrived on a Saturday, the check in was a breeze, the desk manager was super helpful and accommodated my request to put my 2 rooms side by side and on the pool floor.It's crazy how people trip out (negatively) on this place, do some research before you stay.
4	Loved the room and the view, the price was affordable, $32 plus $15 resort fee. Went to the top of tower, cool experience, very beautiful top of the world scenic view. It's worth doing at least once, when u rent a room the entrance to tower is FREE. Keep in mind this hotel is a few minutes from all the wildness of the strip, location is a bit on run down side of Las Vegas Blvd.
4	I am not rich. I always keep an eye out for a good deal. When I booked the Stratosphere I was worried it would be REALLY far from everything and that it would be crappy. Well it was only sort of far from everything and slightly dated! Which for the price I paid I thought was well worth it! Our room was very nice and clean and the casino paid out pretty big on their slots! And the wait staff were really nice! Don't do the buffet it's really bad :o( The hotel and stores are outdated but not that bad. The travel to the strip taking the DEUCE  wasn't that bad either. Again for the PRICE I paid it was really good!
4	Not located on the best part of the strip, but not too far from Down Town, or the new casinos either. Everything about the Stratosphere is dated, but that is the beauty of it. There is a lot of character there, and it shows. The staff has always been super friendly and helpful, or try to be. It must have been close to the end of her shift, but the server forgot out drinks, said she'd be back, and never did. Sometimes you win, sometimes you lose. They have great weekday deals, which is a plus. But remember, you get what you pay for.The Tower is ok, the rides are pretty thrilling, there are two I won't do. One will just get me dizzy, the other is the Skyjump; which I won't do because of the price. For not that much more, you could actually go skydiving, which I have done.The resort fees aren't too bad, though not as high as the newer casinos, are a waste if you don't use them. Do the Tower and pool at least one day, maybe stop by the gym.
4	The rides on top look too scary!!!!
5	Very clean and comfortable. Views of walls from standard rooms.
4	what a lovely hotel... reminded me of the auckland city new zealand.. ! we had the best time in vegas.. this place has so many drunk memories attached..i can never forget this place ever.the rooms were great neat and tidy,the rides on top are not at all scary,its a cool place.. :) over all... very GOOD!
1	It's cheap.It served its purpose -- a place to sleep. But that's all it is -- a place to sleep. It's so far away from the center of the strip, you're better off finding a place closer to the middle than wasting cabfare.The casino smells like years of smoke that have etched itself into every crook and nanny of every slot machine and every chair. As if third-hand smoke couldn't get any worse, you can SEE the cigarette burns EVERYWHERE.My former roommate did the bungie jump at the top and said that was pretty cool. Otherwise, save your money and time and stay somewhere else.
4	I was fortunate enough to stay here on a "FAKE FREE" promotion through "Casa Blanca Vacations." (which they suck btw) It turned out I had to pay a "resort fee" which was about $40. Whatever, that is still a very reasonable price. Just as cheap or cheaper than a roach motel.. Never again did I have to dish out any more money for any "stupidities." I needed to get something faxed to me, sign it and fax it back, and the conciere did it all for me FREE of charge! How awesome is that! (at Kinko's that would've easily been like $10 bucks or so..) Hey, that's two hands of Black Jack right there! Lol.It being one of the oldest hotels in Vegas, and for the next to nothing price I paid, I did expect the worse. But on the contrary it was pretty well kept. Casino floor, pool, what else can you ask for?  http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=t6_m_WzKi9g
5	Best view of the strip...great breeze...its quiet a bit far from the happening part of the strip...so take a cab...we walked from venetian to here...its not too far but the heat makes it feel like 100 miles...But you cannot beat the view from up here at night...the contrast between the land outside Vegas and the lights of Vegas...its almost like a painting on a black background....
4	Best value for the money. Decent rooms, but a little noisy with doors slamming and people talking in the halls. If you want fancy rooms you may want to go elsewhere. We wanted an inexpensive place to stay with clean rooms and good ratings. We didn't want a fancy high priced hotel, so this was great for our needs. The tower has a great 360 degree view of Vegas too.
3	i stayed here on my trip to Vegas and this place has its good and bad. the good is and people there are friendly and the bad is that the casino and the food was not that great. The location of this hotel is further down on the strip away from all the entertainment and fun which for some can be good and others bad. For me it was ok. it was ok because at night i was able to sleep with little interruptions but the bad was that i didn't have a car so i had to take a taxi every time i wanted to go to the main part of the strip. I was also told by lots of people it is a bad idea to walk around the street at night which was fine with me because there was nothing around the hotel that i wanted to go at night anyways. i only stayed here because it was cheap and the ride but with all the taxi fare i paid, next time if i ever return to vegas i might stay closer to the main part of the strip.
4	This review is only for the Casino, I did not stay at the hotel. When arriving we stopped at the Valet to leave the car, the gentleman who took the car was so helpful and asked us if we needed any directions or help with any bags, or if we were looking for anything specific, he had a super friendly personality. We were just there to see the casino and do a little bit of slot playing so I said no thank you and got my ticket. We went inside and I liked how the slot machines where were set up, they weren't too close together like some tend to be, there was enough room to walk around them and pick your lucky slot. We walked around the casino for a little bit and realized we wanted to grab something to eat first, so we went over to the Stratosphere buffet. Everything was yummy and it was reasonably priced for a brunch buffet. The staff was all super nice. After way too long at the buffet I was ready to throw a little bit of money away. I found a Penny slot that was calling my name so I sat down and pulled my wallet out. Before I could even open it a very friendly cocktail waitress came by and asked if she could get us anything. My boyfriend and I asked for a drink and she asked to see our ID's. Some people might be upset at this, but if you think I look to young then I'm A OK with that!   She was a little shocked at how hold my boyfriend was since he really doesn't look his age and said she would be right back. She was back before I could even lose my first $10 which was really fast service. She called us young-ins gave us our drinks and wished us luck. A few minutes later I won 10,500 pennies!!!!!!! I was happy as could be! I'm not the greedy kind so I printed out my ticket right away and went to look for the cashier to turn in my ticket and call it a day. There was only one person in line ahead of me so this went by really quick. I don't like a lot of crowds and the hustle and bustle of the hotels on the strip, so this was the perfect place for me. Not to mention the great customer service they provide. Shortly later we were ready to leave, we went back to the Valet and gave them our ticket, they said the car would be right around shortly. Less than 5 minutes later there was my car, in the dead heat of the 100+ degree summer and my car was cool and comfortable. I thank and tipped the Valet, he said thank you and asked us if we needed any directions or recommendations for our next destination.  I thanked him and said we knew where we were going, he said to have a great day and drive safe. It's sad but I have not seen this kind of customer service at any of the other strip hotels.  I can defiantly say I will be back to this hotel & casino again the next time I'm out in Vegas.
3	Stayed here for my first Vegas trip so I knew nothing of the areaGood: it's really cheap and the hotel has nice amenities. There's also a lot of stores inside which is nice. Bad: All the ghetto people stay there because it's really cheap. You also have to walk through the deserted ghetto part of the strip to get to it, so I suggest you take a cab. Bottom line: with the money you're gonna spend cabbing to the better part of the strip, you may be better off staying closer and paying more. But if you're on a really tight budget and don't mind walking 1-2 miles, it may be worth it. Also, watch out for the crackheads and alchys, they get pushy.
1	This was suppose to be my happiest day for me. I had Family and friends stay here along with me for my wedding. I would never recommend staying here. We had nothing but problems with our room. The air conditioning didn't work. On my wedding night my husband had to go through 10 rooms to find one acceptable for my mother and father in law to stay in. My husband and I arrived on June 29,2013 and left on July 1, 2013. We booked the Oasis room and was placed in a different room, like my mother and fathers and in-laws room the air conditioner didn't work. They down graded us into a room that was worse then the first room. On our wedding night we were being bounced around. Finally on our last night we were put in the room that we first thought that we paid for. My husband spent more time in with the Manager than with me. Not very pleased with them.
3	Went to a wedding here and the view was spectacular. The food was ok, but it was about having a good time. Walking through the casino itself I was unimpressed.
1	Terrible place to stay or play. The A/C hardly worked, and you can't turn it down past 68F. Noisy guests slamming doors all night long and screaming in the halls. No Security presence outside the floor. Housekeeping never came during stay despite a phone call down stairs and the "service requested" side of the do not disturb hanger showing. I have played at most of the casinos in Vegas and I call foul on the table games. The tables are dirty, the dealers are rude, and I honestly feel there is some funny business going on. As in rigged. I have had good runs and bad but this place is a joke. I can go into plenty of details if anyone else has had the same experience. Would not play or stay at this grind joint again. Lesson learned!
1	It seemed like nothing here worked. I called downstairs because the tv wasnt working, they said theyd send someone to look at it, after over an hour of waiting we called again and finally they came up and gave us a new remote. The elevator closest to our room was not working for some time so we had to walk to the other side of our floor to take the other elevator. The light in the  bathroom flickered for a while before staying on and was not worth it at all for the price, I would never come back here or reccommend this place to anyone.
1	The room smelled like smoke (non-smoking room) ac barely worked. Tv didnt work. Outlet in bathroom kept blowing the fuse. Hair drier started smoking. The room was $100 & only stayed one night...to much money & too long in this hotel.  And don't walk by yourself outside at night. I heard the pool was nice but didn't stay around to check it out!
1	Yes, it's cheap, and for a reason... I spend 35 minutes on hold for the front desk just to have someone tell me that I need to come downstairs... All to extend my stay by one day! I'll be extending my stay here in Vegas by going to another hotel. You'd be wise to do the same...
1	Not my favorite place in Vegas... Kinda reminded me of a Best Western type hotel. Did not have that Vegas "wow" factor. Will not be staying here again...
1	At the craps table for over an hour gambling, no one came by to offer us drinks. We asked the manager and other waitresses. NO ONE CAME.  WORST SERVICE EVER. I came here before of the view and the lounge at the top of the stratosphere. That is the ONLY SAVING GRACE. It's so far away from the rest of the strip, it isn't worth it. The view above is AMAZING. I'll be writing a review for the lounge, but I would never suggest anyone to stay here or gamble here.
2	I've been here before and was a lot better experience. We will start with the things that really pissed me off.. WiFi $12 a day per device. I understand the making money part of it all but that is kind of bad, really bad. All my devices at home cost $45 a month.   Second thing was the pool, more precisely the cabana we rented.  The cabana was fine and the service was good but when the bill comes around they slapped a 20% gratuity charge.  This was not mentioned anywhere nor were we told about it when booking it.  (It ended up being $30 extra). Now our server deserved 20% but the 20 was also charged on the $95 cabana. To make it worse as she brought us stuff I was tipping her good not knowing there was the 20% gratuity.  I hate, hate, hate feeling like I got ripped off and that's how I felt.  I expect to be swindled at the slots, not at the pool.
1	I've stayed at 3-star hotels and even 2 1/2-star hotels on the Strip that had clean rooms and since Stratosphere is considered a "3-star" hotel, I didn't think twice to book a 4-night stay especially when the rooms were on sale.  When we first checked in, I was surprised about the $16 "mandatory" resort fee they wanted for each day.  Since my room was already prepaid, I had no choice to accept it.  At the other hotels on the strip, I can opt out paying the resort fee.   At check in they told us that we would be checked in at the lower floors and if we wanted to upgrade it would be $20 a night.  Now do the math.....$29 a night plus taxes, then +$16 a night, +$20 a night for a better room.  I could have spent that money for another room down the street!  I should've seen the red flag at that moment but decided to stick with the room I payed for.The room we had was disgusting!  I don't mind a real basic room just as long as its clean!! The only thing that was new in the room was the bed.  The bathtub had filmed on dirt and the toilet was really noisy. No mini-fridge and safe.   The worst thing of all was that it was too dusty!  The A/C vent had so much dust built up that the weak air spewing out  made you breath in dust!!!!!  It's unsanitary.  The rug also needed a much needed shampoo.  After complaining, we eventually were moved to a better room. After complaining about dust, you would think the housekeeping would wipe things down better.  After coming back to the hotel at night, I can see the dust build up on the cabinets, which I would wiped down myself.  Also, they should clean the bathrooms better.Aside from the cleanliness, its far from everything else. I didn't really want to walk the area.  It's better to just use your car if you intend to go some place at night. One last thing, it takes forever to get a drink when gambling.I won't be a repeat customer.  To me it's not a 3-star hotel that they said it was.......NOPE....not a 3-star hotel.
4	I'm giving 4stars considering how cheap it is. We stayed for one night only. The room was quiet, clean and spacious. The tower has magnificent views, I wish they allowed tripods up there though. It's not in walking distance to the strip hotels but you can't walk everywhere anyway. We drove to caesars and parked there and then walked the strip. I haven't checked the pool
3	I went to Vegas for the weekend and I stayed at this hotel the first night. I had to wait a little bit in line to check-in but the front-desk service was pretty fast. The room was clean and spacious, but I could hear the neighbors' conversations. I was on the 7th floor but unfortunately I didn't have direct views of the strip from there. My boyfriend and I drove to Vegas downtown and when we came back around 2.30 am the service told us that the tower was already closed. I would have liked to see the views from there at night, but we had to go next morning. It was okay, but the views weren't as spectacular as I expected.If you want to check some of the pictures that I took while I was in Vegas feel free to check out my post :) http://feetfromshore.wordpress.com/2013/09/10/finding-some-charm-in-vegas/
5	I am rating this based on the price of the hotel.  If I paid more per night I would probably expect more; however, I thought everything was great for the price.  The rooms were clean and almost always quiet.  The pool was awesome with a beautiful view.  I went to of the restaurants inside which were also good.
2	When I first checked into the hotel everything was excellent! We were offered an upgrade for a decent price. My mom has a medical problem and we were given a complimentary refrigerator for it which they sent up very quickly. The stay was really good everyone that worked in the shops were really nice helpful and respectful. I lost my credit card in the hotel and it was returned my a staff member. I had to wait about an hour at the front desk because the Supervisor was caught up in something but the Security guard that was there was real nice and funny and kept me entertained. We then went to see the show Pin-up which everyone recommended not to see and I now know why. We arrived 25 min early and greeted by a really nice lady and seated. They were going around serving drinks in sections. They went to every section but the 10 of us in our section we waited about an hour into the show before I went up there and asked when we were receiving a server to order drinks they then came over about 6 min later and asked what we wanted but by then the show had 10 more min left. The show was very dry and not very entertaining. The housekeeping who took care of room was really nice. Towards the end of my stay the refrigerator that was given to us froze my moms medication. We figured that the medicine was ruined because it says do not freeze but she still needed to take it till we got home just in case. So we let it defrost and checked the temperature to make sure that it some how wasn't moved to a colder setting which it wasn't. We didn't tell any staff about it that day. The next night she goes to put in her medication for her eyes and it was half way frozen but was able to get out some drops. We then called the room service in the morning because we were going to sleep. In the conversation with the front desk at 10am we were told that housekeeping will be up with a refrigerator. Security came up and did a report who he was really nice and answered everything that he can. And also stated that housekeeping will be up. We waited about half hour and left thinking by the time we come back it will be changed out. We got back into the hotel at 1:53am and it was still the same refrigerator with my moms medication frozen again. We called front desk wondering why one never came up. They stated they didnt know why and they will call housekeeping but we didnt need a new one we were leaving in 5 hours. I then called housekeeping which I waited on hold for 8 min and then received a housekeeper that says that she guesses that she is a little busy and the front desk cancelled the order thats why it never came. And decides to get really rude when I start asking her questions. I called the front desk and spoke with Carol who was really helpful and concerned with the situation and didn't really know what to say and was relaying messages from her Supervisor. I then became very Irate because it seemed like nobody is concerned about my moms well being. I told her that I would be down there shortly to speak with them face to face. At this point in time I no longer wanted to spend money in Stratosphere. I came downstairs very hostile were Julio the supervisor explained that I needed to calm down or I would be escorted off the premises. I did and he was very helpful nice and understanding and Comped our night and Resort fee. I then apologized to him and Carol for anything that I did to offend or disrespect them. The Security officer Mr.Ellis was very helpful and concerned as well. 5 hours later when its time to checkout which we were told we can do on our TV wouldn't let us. When i get down to the front desk there were 3 clerks all busy with a 4 more people ahead of me. When I finally get to the desk I told him that we were checking out and he said that in order for me to get that money I had to wait for him to do the math and paperwork. Because I waited i then missed my shuttle to the airport and had to wait an hour for the next one!
5	The FRANKIE MORENO SHOWThe BEST MUSICAL SHOW IN VEGA$$!!!Frankie Moreno is no joke. This dude is simultaneously hilarious and sensitive. Tender and a holy terror. I love watching him perform and I also love waiting to see what the heck he's gonna do next. And WHATEVER he finally ends up doing is something just a tad thrilling!!!The shows has been revamped since its opening and its streamlined and slicker, but that has opened the show up so that the other musicians get featured with him. It's all so...tasty!What a great fuckin' night!!!
3	An ok hotel. Comparatively speaking, I think I could have done better. I wasted an extra $20 plus taxes to get a strip view. The strip view consisted of a couple building lights and a street. Would rather have placed the $25 on black jack and see how that went. I tried getting out of the service fee by telling them I was betting big on the games but that wasn't happening. Didn't use one worthless thing on the service fee and they make it difficult to get the $5 off the buffet. You have to charge it to your room so that you keep your credit card open (and can charge other stuff). That didn't seem right to me. AND...the service fee's do not include internet. That is an extra $12.
3	It ain't great, but it's fine. Dont expect to feel like a high-roller. The highlight was Roxy's Diner.Beds were comfortable and rooms were clean. Food options range between Mc'Ds and a "fancy" restaurant with 1990's style plating and flavor combinations. Like I said, just eat at Roxy's. Machines do not seem to pay out much either ;(
2	By far the most disgusting hotel I've ever stayed at. Upon arrival, our room was not clean, the cleaning lady was sitting on the bed talking on her cell phone while watching Maury. When she saw us at the door, she continued talking on her phone and took her cleaning supplies with her. She said, "I'm done. Go ahead," as she was walking out. There were used tissues on the night stand- both on and in it. The trash cans were not emptied. Ek! Disgusting. I spent a week here and did not want any of their lazy maids to clean the room again. I just called the front desk when I needed things. Worst experience ever.Two stars because at least the front desk people were nice.
2	My girlfriends and i chose this hotel as part of a Southwest package but regretted it within an hour of arriving there. We arrived at 12:30pm and opted to choose early check-in to pay extra. We were assigned a room in the North Tower and as we entered the elevator to go up to the 24th floor, a guy jumps into the elevator totally drunk, does not select a floor and then follows us when we hop out. We wait in the hallway and pretend to use our phone as we do not want him to follow us to our room and he is flustered, mumbles something and then jumps back into the elevator. We were freaked out!!We get to our room and are so disappointed. It is tiny and there is hardly room for 3 of us to move and there is barely any sunlight in the room from a small window. We call security and inform then of what happened and they promise to send someone to checkout but never do. And to add insult to injury, the water is cutoff from 1-2pm. Why did they offer us early checkin if we cannot even shower or use the bathroom!We went back to the registration desk and complained loudly and were ushered away from the guests into the managers office. He offered us a free upgrade to a better room as we insisted on a room which had more guests and traffic so we would not have the same experience. They reluctantly agreed.Although they did fix the issue we never felt safe in that hotel and will never go back there again.
3	okay we stayed here during the week. The smell off smoke in  North section was overwhelming still i had hopes when we get to our room it was like a cheap motel room the light flickered a good minute before fully turning on. The bathroom was so tiny the sink was outside the bathroom! (weird) the toilet had pubic hair from a previous customer!! ..(yuk) .. We came equipped with a bottle of Lysol though. The drawers had hair in them ! My boyfriend had a fit.. I took photos with my camera and showed the front desk who gave us an upgrade to the select section which was way better the room came with spa bathtub ! :) and it was clean and the hallways smelled good. The pool was a nice experience you see a little bit of everything. The last time we came to Las Vegas we stayed at the D Las Vegas and we liked that hotel better they had direct TV Chanel's and the stratosphere only had 7 Chanel's. We did enjoy Roxy's dinner though and the Top of the world restaurant, the view from the up their is breath taking.
4	Not the most high end hotel in Vegas, but you definitely get more than you pay for.  Room was upgraded for free.  Had a view of the parking garage and mountains, but the size of the room more than made up for it.  Incredible cinnamon roll french toast for breakfast.  One order was more than me and my wife could finish.   Really nice 50s theme restaurant that I unfortunately can't remember the name.  Had chicken fried steak and a coke float for breakfast.  Not on the strip but easy enough to get to.  Great outdoor lounge in upper stratosphere with incredible jalepeno bagels.  Cant wait to stay here again.
2	I'll start with the good: Clean rooms, friendly registration staff, pretty quiet, and not as smokey in comparison to other strip casinos! The bad: It's frustrating that at the rate  you pay you don't even get free wifi. This could be the only hotel on the strip that doesn't have it! Ridiculous. No coffee maker in the room, a lot of vegas hotels are the same, but it would be a nice perk.Far from the main casinos on the strip, so if you plan on walking, wear comfortable shoes. The advertise free entrance to the tower. It is a bit misleading, because everyone thinks that includes the attractions, it does not!!! For a $16 resort fee, they can at least pay for your WiFi. Instead they give you cheap shampoo. (you're paying for that).
3	I used the Hotel Tonight app to book the stratosphere, I was trying to book Planet Hollywood but that sold out in less than 5 minutes. We didn't check in until 5:30 am so there wasn't a line or anything.  Check in took less than 5 minutes, and we were able to upgrade to the newer upgraded rooms. The rooms are very basic, there isn't even a coffee maker.. but I guess that's ok since they have a Starbucks downstairs.  The rooms are also pretty small, there is not that much room for much else other than your luggage.  The restrooms are pretty small, and the shower curtain didn't cover the shower fully.Rooms are clean enough, the carpet isn't that clean, but it's really not that big of a deal since we weren't staying there very long. Rooms were pretty affordable at $80 a night on the weekend, and if you find some coupons on hotel tonight only $65!, they do charge a resort fee of $16.I regret not checking out the view on the top, but you must check it out if you end up staying here !
1	So extremely disappointed. My mother booked two nights at the Stratosphere for a much needed couples week-end with my husband. She used Expedia. Cus we Expedia the Stratosphere kept telling us we booked with a third party and to work details out with them. Expedia said to call hotel and request room type and preferences. When I did I was told hotel did not have our reservation from Expedia yet and call back day before.  When I called a day before I was told rudely we were in the "old un remodeled part of the tower in two queen bed and it was to late to make changes". Once we got there we did get one queen bed but very far from the pool and with a horrible view of the rooftop of another building and depressing North Las Vegas. We ate diner at Mac gross -the most pathetic attempt at a steak house. Gross. The pool closes at 7. There is only ONE POOL and it's full of kids in clothes. Sunday we slept in. Skipped brunch an decided to have dinner in the tower at 11:00pm. Everything was closed (with exception of the diner) club 107 had only 4 appetizers available out of the entire menu. None appetizing. By the way... We had to pay $15  per person per day to. Use the facilities as a guest of the hotel! WTF?! That was $90 extra for a gross kid filled jacuzzi and a pool that closed at 7! A restaurant that closed too early to enjoy and a stinky old room with a debtor easing view. No wonder 7 people have committed suicide here! We should have stayed in Laughlin!
3	I been going to Vegas for four years and have always avoided the Stratosphere due to preconceived notions that it was a dump and cheap.On Sept 27, 2013, those thoughts were immediately dismissed when I checked in for a last minute convention weekend. The hotel room is actually clean. It's up to par with any standard room on the Strip. You get free admission to the top of the Tower if your a guest here. There are plenty of cheap restaurants if your on a budget. If your a video poker fanatic like I, be sure to play at the bar area. Those bartenders do sure take care of you, consistently refilling my Coke & Jack :)With that in mine, there are two things to avoid at the Stratosphere1. The Buffett (enough said?)2. if your a low limit blackjack table, stay away. the $5 tables here pay 6-5 on BJ.
3	You definitely pay for what you get here. We just came for a night basically to cleanup and sleep. It was disappointing that the rooms were not kept up well and apparently we stayed in the renovated area. We were on the 8th floor which is right next to the pool so the whole floor smells like chlorine!!  It was hard to breath because of the strong scent.  The bath curtain had mold on it and some pink gunk. So gross!!!When you stay u get free admission to the top of the stratosphere but not rides. They are definitely scary looking rides.Easy check in and check out.
2	No return business from me...  Pros: low rates and pretty friendly staffCons:1. Technically on the strip, but nowhere near where the action is2. Nickel-and-dime system... I've never been in a hotel that not only doesn't provide guests a free kiosk to print boarding passes, but also charges $5 for the concierge to deliver a faxed or emailed pass3. My mom ate the food and reported it was of a low quality4. In the shady part of town5. TV was faulty, no luggage standWas in one of the remodeled rooms and it was decent, but far below stellar.Full disclosure: before coming over to this hotel for a little family reunion I was in a suite at the Cosmopolitan. This Stratosphere place can't possibly compete with that--no way (can't hold a candle to it).If you're on a tight budget perhaps, but otherwise...  next time I'm staying ensconced at the Cosmo.Note: one of the hotel staff--embarrassed that having to charge to print boarding passes--did it for free.
1	Staying at the Stratosphere was right up there with THE worst experience I have ever had at a hotel stay. I have traveled all over and stayed at many different hotels from 2 stars to 5 stars and this takes the cake on one of the worst. Not only did I find a COCKROACH on the first day on the night stand next to where we sleep at night..!!!!!! Which alone is horrible and appalling, but the tub was completely disgusting with hair left from previous hotel guests and other particles. I can't express how important cleanliness is to me when staying away from home. After I PERSONALLY cleaned the tub to relax before a night out I turned on the jets and two jets FELL right out of the tub! I tried to fix them but they were obviously broken and had been for some time. When I drained the tub after a bath, all the water came straight up into the shower drain (they are completely separate from one another) with such a putrid smell I had to leave the bathroom for a good 30 minutes before I could then WASH the shower floor so I could step in it without getting dirty water/sewage all over our feet. The entire hotel floor stunk of vomit or some sort of stench we could never figure out. Did I mention this was the suite that we HAD to upgrade (and pay for) because the hotel room we were given previously had a view of the parking lot with the smallest hotel room I've ever stayed in Vegas? The elevator from our floor to the lobby was sticky and the elevator button was broken from stickiness or some other substance blocking it from working our entire stay.All we could hear the entire time we were in our hotel room (which we tried to stay out of as much as possible) was the shaking of the elevators going up and down and the doors opening. I will never stay or recommend anyone to ever stay at the Stratosphere. I am appalled and disgusted with the conditions and customer service of this hotel. After awhile all we could do was laugh at the situation and got the heck out of there as soon as we could! You might as well stay at the Holiday motel across the street, at least that would be cheaper.
3	My boyfriend and I stayed there this weekend and had no issues.  It's definitely not the glitz and the glam of hotels on the strip but you get what you pay for here.  I couldn't get a hold of housekeeping to change out the feather pillows for a regular pillow because of my allergies but that was really the only issue that I had.  The rides are pricey but you get to the observation deck for free and discounts on the shows there.  I wouldn't say that I'll stay there again but it wasn't a horrible experience.I will say that if you're looking for an ok hotel for a decent price, this is the place to be.  you will have to take a cab or the bus to the strip or you will be exhausted by the time you get to the beginning of the main part of the strip.  The fitness center needs some work and needs to be bigger.  All and all, it isn't horrible, at least for us, but I could see where others felt the way they feel.  You get what you pay for.
5	Its funny how things sometimes go. I had two use them or loose them comps at Venetian/Palazzo but they had a lot of block out dates and frankly, they have gotten stingy on their comps and force you to stay on Venetian side.  SO, I got an offer in the the mail for a couple free nights and learned they they do not do blackout dates to their clients. I decided being free and all to go ahead and stay here. WOW! What a change from any other time I have been here!Check In que line took me less than 1 minute, and about 5 minutes to complete check-in registration. Nearly everyone that I came across working was friendly on the day and swing shifts. Graveyard seems to be their weakest staff. Upon getting to my room, it had appeared to have been cleaned minutes before and was a decent job, though cigarette ashes abound in the safe area. The next day I did not head out until after noon so was hoping (but not expecting) my room cleaned by the time I got back. Well, it was very clean! Housekeeping did good. It is notable to mention that they have seem to have done some what of a turnaround on many of their past customer service issues. The pit boss and two dealers I had during my first night were so friendly and professional..the way it should be and used to be at before mentioned Palazzo.Minus throwing away a bit on Megabucks (with not one single hit, not even a $3), the slot machines actually were all paying off pretty well. Maybe I was just a little lucky, but this whole trip cost me very little for a nice time. I may not have walked away even, but  I didn't loose much and that was mainly due to constant eating and constant drinking :) The A/C actually worked great in my room this time around as well as the heat. No complaints at all.
1	Terrible experience.  The distance from all the good stuff doesnt even have anything to do with my lack of satisfaction here.  The rooms are DISGUSTING!  Staff sucks.   Housekeeping walked in on me.  Water pressure is crap.  I do NOT recommend this to anyone!  Stay clear of this one.  However, the Tower itself is nice to visit :-) HOTEL and SERVICE IS TERRIBLE!
2	Las Vegas has changed in the last 14 years... And this hotel has suffered for it.  The exceptional view of the strip from our room on the 23rd floor.... It doesn't exist anymore and is now blocked with new hotels and the climate control was lousy.  The Oasis Suite that I "upgraded" to, was less than expected and not as shown on their website.     On the plus side, the bathroom was giant and fabulous and we made full advantage of the giant jetted tub.  Shower had great water pressure, which is a real plus.  The people were nice and helpful and we won $$$.  So, all is well...
1	Absolute worst hotel I've ever been to. Cleanliness is not of importance for this hotel. The bathroom door hinges were all rusty. Also the bathroom shower head was just covered in green build up. Some of the TV control buttons did not work. As another reviewer did mention, this hotel definitely does try to nickel and dime you on everything. After talking to the front desk in regards to my concerns, they didn't have any other rooms to move me to and told me to come back the next day and couldn't offer anything for the inconvenience. The buffet was way over priced for what they offered there and the quality was really bad. Definitely my first and last stay at this hotel. Advice yelpers, save your time and money as this place isn't worth any of it.
4	Every time I visit Vegas, we usually book a hotel in the center of the strip so we will be closer to all the action. Since all the hotels in Vegas now starting adding resort fee in your stay, we've decided to book a room at Stratosphere Tower because the resort fee only cost $14 instead of $20 elsewhere and it includes unlimited tower admission, the only downside internet is not included in the resort fee.We stayed in the Stratosphere SELECT room, which I believe is the nicest room than the deluxe and premier room. The room is very modern with modern tiles lining the restroom and 1/5 of the room. It has flat screen tv with no HD content at all. Why is it that most hotels in Vegas has flat screen tv but it's not in High Definition. Here's a steady HD video of the new select room I shot: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Haq4fcSq-HYThe hallway to our room looks really nice. The only complain I had with the room is that they install water saving shower head. The water pressure wasn't that strong, and I had to spend more time in the shower to get myself clean, so the defeat the purpose of installing water saving shower head. I hate when hotel goes green.So for those, who planning on staying at Stratosphere Tower, I strongly recommend staying in the SELECT room because it's just as nice as if you were to stay on the center Vegas strip.So here's a video that I shot giving a full steady tour of the new Stratosphere Select room:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Haq4fcSq-HY
4	My husband and I stayed here on Thursday and what can I say it was decent for the price. We payed $45 for one night therefore I was not expecting it to be super luxurious. The room was under my husband's name but he was at a conference therefore I asked if I could check in without him. I was expecting them to say no but surprisingly the guy at the front desk was very nice and accommodating and managed to check me in and give me a key to the room without my husband present. It helped that I had the same last name along with the confirmation email for the room. As hotel guests we got unlimited access to the tower which is normally $18 per person. You can have unlimited access for up to four people plus we got 2 for one coupons for the rides. I felt like it was a pretty good value.
2	Service is good, the rooms are okay, the carpets are dirty with stains, the walls are paper thin and you can hear drunk people at all times. There is resort fee but there is no resort to be found. Its okay for a night's stay any more you will go crazy
1	if i were you guys i would stay far far away. came her on the weekend of Oct/18- 0ct/20. i booked a reservation prio to coming here and paid everything up front. when i checked in the front desk told me that nothing would be taken out of my account. Friday night, i get an alert on my account stating a $100 transaction has posted to my account. called the hotel and they informed me it was a mistake and would release it immediately. bank told me it should be realesed already if not tuesday. Almost 2 weeks later i call back today and tell them i still havnt gotten anything. They dont care. as far as im concerned taking money without authorization is stealing. they try to rip you off. never bak to this hotel AGAINNNNN!!! spare yourself. never had to write  a review but this was absolutely necessary.
4	We have been coming here for years and the hotel has in advantages and a few drawbacks.First they have great rates and usually in the offseason you can get a room for under 40. When you book the room make sure you choose the Newer Tower as you don't want to be in the old section of the hotel. Next, they have reasonably priced drinks at the bars you won't pay 12-15 a drink as you do in most of the upscale hotels. In addition, they have a great Italian restaurant with good service and easy access never to busy..There is also a mall upstairs which has a large selection of shops.If you have never been to Vegas I would not recommend this hotel. If you want to be in the heart of the city this hotel is too far away unless you have a car. The areas next to and behind the hotel and very sleezy..This is a great place to do Vegas on a budget and the pool plays music and the gym inside is only 10 per day without the spa..
4	Cool fun place for gambling, food and rides. Top of tower great lounge and restaurant, there is an observation deck with three great rides for the thrill seekers and a gift shop. On ground level, all your favorite slots and table games, great place for a night out.
5	This place is great. To the fellows the guy to chick ratio is 1 to 10 every guy there is 10 chicks. A lot sexy honeys be up in here. The staff is sexy. C Bar is great place to meet people. The Tower is awesome. They have a real gym so you can get jacked before you hit the pool. The pool is nice it's on the 8th floor. The prices are cheap. I feel like I robbed them everytime I stay.
4	As soon as my husband and I were old enough to legally partake in the world of Las Vegas, it was at The Stratosphere. A month before turning 21 I obsessively looked up hotel websites and I knew it was the one as soon as I saw thrill rides! I honestly didn't know what to really expect, I live in Alaska and my only real basis was from watching Vegas Vacation way too many times, I really expected to win multiple cars at the slot machines just like Nick Papageorgio. No, its not smack dab in the middle of the strip but its so fun and laid back that I didn't care if I had to walk a little once I decided to actually leave the hotel (although you don't really need to). Rides, casino, shopping, 5 star dining, fast food, and actually very fast free drink service. You can eat up in the sky or grab some McDonalds for a late night snack or go to the casino in PJ's when it's 4 am and you cant sleep. I remember the first time I was there at the Blackjack table and every time you got a "21" they would give you a voucher for a free taco at their Mexican restaurant, so after winning money and numerous free drinks we ended up with 7 free shrimp tacos! It may not be the Wynn but it was a nice and fun added bonus. Also, you can tell that the demographic didn't take themselves too seriously, at the time I had never played Blackjack and had no idea what was going on but other players at the table were not only patient and friendly but they helped me and one lady even gave me her vouchers for "free match play" and handed me one of her chips before she left. So I may be a seasoned Vegas Vacationer now and have since stayed at more than 7 different strip hotels that have a higher star rating, but The Stratosphere  was my first and it obviously made a good impression because I  keep going back.
1	This place is horrible!!  Sink backed up and black mold on the shower curtain!  I called and they fixed the sink but left the mold so I could feel like home in the ghetto!Be warned... Stay at your own risk!
4	We stayed in the newly renovated rooms on the top floor, overlooking the tower. The room was pretty nice. However; the bathroom had very dim lighting.2 and the shower curtain only covered 75% of the shower. The bed was nice, matress was on the firm side, which I don't mind. I wouldn't have minded if there was a fridge in the room. Other than that, the tv was nice, towels and sheets were good...and they have black out curtains.I know other people have complained about being off the strip, but it's only about a 1/4 mile away, and I like not having to get through drunk people on the way to my room. Plus, every hotel offers free parking.If your going to eat at the hotel, stick with the Italian restaurant instead of the buffet...more expensive, but better food
1	My wife and I had a stay scheduled at the Venetian and decided to come into town a night early and check out the Stratosphere as it was part of the Southwest Rapid Rewards program. Upon arriving in our room, we quickly noticed a strong odor of cigarette smoke in the room. We had specifically requested a non-smoking room when booking and confirmed this with the front desk while we were checking in. The bathroom also scored failing points as the toilet seat wouldn't stay up. This might sound like a minor thing, but it's not. As a man, I had to hold the seat up with one hand so it wouldn't fall down on me as I was going #1. Additionally, the walls of our room were paper thin, so we could hear our neighbor's conversation word for word (they also were disappointed with the room).Shortly after checking in, we headed up to their Top of the World rotating restaurant where we had made reservations and were meeting another couple. From the moment we sat down, we felt that the server (Rebecca H. according to my receipt) was in a rush to get us out the door. We came for fine dining and I wasn't even asked if I wanted a drink before dinner. Truly astonishing! When it came time to receive the check, we asked Rebecca if she would split it by couple. She didn't even try to hide how frustrated this made her. She was able to split it, but not after making a production about how she had to go "look into whether or not this could be done." Give me a break. Our table had spent nearly $400 in total on this dinner. A real restaurant would have asked us if we wanted the check split before printing it out.As for the food, my wife and I both ordered the filet. I thought it was average and she thought it was slightly below average. My advice: check out the observation deck (free for hotel guests) but skip dinner here. It's nothing special.After dinner, we headed over to the Bellagio to gamble and drink for the remainder of the evening and early morning. We returned to the Stratosphere at approximately 4am. From the front door, we had to walk the length of the casino to get to the north elevators. We had dressed up for the night. I was in a suit and my wife was wearing a classy, shorter cut dress. As we passed through the poker room, there was only one game going on which wasn't surprising given the hour. As we passed this table, I immediately began hearing heckling aimed at my wife coming from the approximately seven men playing at this table. The phrase that sticks out in mind is "she's gonna take it tonight." Of course, it's also hard to forget the sexual grunting and moaning sounds that we were also treated to. As I looked back at the table, they began to actually mock me with chants of "oh look, he's getting mad now!" What upsets me more than these comments themselves was that neither the dealer or the poker floor manager who was standing nearby said a word to the players. I doubt that this heckling technically broke any hotel or casino rules, but they certainly broke the rules of common decency. I own a business and if I learned that two of my employees sat idly and let this go on without saying a word, I would have been furious and the employees would have been reprimanded and/or fired on the spot. It was so disrespectful to us as customers and to my wife as a woman that neither employee had the guts to say "calm down guys" or "those type of comments aren't appreciated here".When we got back to the room, I called the front desk and they transferred me over to the poker floor manager who we had previously walked by. After telling him what we had happened, he told me there were two poker games going on and that I would have to give him a description of the dealer so he could determine which was the problem table. This was an outright lie. There was only one game going on. I decided that was enough on the phone and walked down to the front desk. Here I was, a paying hotel guest who had also spent over $200 at dinner in the hotel earlier in the night, standing at the front desk at 4:30am. I spent about 20 minutes talking with the night manager who "would be just as upset" if he was in my position but "men will be men especially in Vegas". In the end, I wound up with free breakfast and a late checkout.For what it's worth, the breakfast sucked. My stomach didn't feel right for the entire rest of our trip. The moral of the story: you get what you pay for! We'll never step foot in this place again.
3	Stayed at stratosphere with my family. It was ok. Small room. Hard bed. Has all your basic amenities Check in was average. for a Saturday about 20mins. Our room was far. I think it was one of the last towers like 4 or 5 or something. There was no way to get to that tower quick no matter where you park. I suggest getting a bell hopper if you have a lot of luggage. Besides how far the hotel room is from the car I love the view. You get to go up the tower free. It is normally like 18 something a person to go to the top. More if you want to ride roller coasters. The view is great especially being at the end of the strip. But besides the top of the tower the hotel is just average.  I would recommend going to the top, but not staying at the hotel. There are just better places to stay on the strip for a similar price.
3	The hotel itself was underwhelming. The view we had was terrible, a parking garage and no view of the strip, although the other side may have had a better view. We didn't spend much time gambling so I don't have much to say about the casino.The top of the Stratosphere redeemed the entire stay. We only went on the Big Shot, but all of the rides looked really fun, and we had an awesome experience on the Big Shot! The view from the top is phenomenal, something I will never forget! If you are really crazy you can even bungee jump off the top! The "club" was again underwhelming... First of all its one tiny bar, no one was there and it wasn't blocked off from the general public. The fact that it is at the top of the Stratoshpere is cool but they need to not rely on the view and add some more appeal to the place.In short I think this is a wonderful attraction and offers the best view of Las Vegas, and a great place to have some adrenalin packed fun. However the hotel isn't great nor is the top that special minus the fact that the view is perfect.
3	First time here in Vegas. The hotel was decent. We initially reserved a king size with strip view. Somehow they gave our room away and didn't have another. The room they gave us had 2 queen beds and no view, and also had hair and dead skin all in the bed when we pulled the sheets back. We were disgusted and requested another room. They said they would send someone up to change bedding but we requested another room not knowing how filthy the rest of the room was. They then miraculously had the King bed room we initially requested. Nice place but I would'nt stay there again.
4	We stay here for at least one week a year 4 years now.I've stayed at other places but I like the Strat most by far.I read some of the other reviews of the Stratosphere before I decided to write mine, so there are a few things that BEG pointing out.Pretty much every Casino Hotel your going to stay atis LARGE, large means a heck of a walk from the front door to your room, get over it. If you feel rushed and your paying talk to a manager after your meal or just take your time, without being a jerk. Its totally possible, and sometimes they will even feel bad because they didn't realize that they were making you feel rushed.Every staff member I ever interacted with here was amazing, from maintenance to the front desk. I am not much of a gambler but we do play slots and a few other games occasionally, I love the bar when you walk in (C Bar) and Yvonne was a great waitress several years running. (hope she is still around actually)We go for a convention in January yearly and we've gotten so accustomed to staying at the Stratosphere that we've converted atleast a dozen people from other hodge podge hotels to stay with us here. Probably the BEST thing about staying here is being able to go to the tower for free. That alone pays for the resort fees. We use it almost daily and you can bring up to 4 people up altogether, so we (as a couple) can bring another couple with us. They have a drink at the Air Bar (I think its called Jetfuel) its amazing, super fun and you get refills at a discount. Thankfully we share and get refills and they don't care.We've had a few small problems in the dozen or so times we've stayed here, most noteable was the air conditioner making a noise, then dying, we called the front desk and the repair guy came 15 minutes later and replaced it (pulled it out as we were leaving for the day) and ONE oither time we had an issue that I won't even discuss here it was VERY upsetting, but they were SO amazing about it that they upgraded our room and moved us at 1:30am. We were grateful for how well they handled issues and how nice everyone is about any concerns we had.I also love the diner there, the food is good in the morning or in the evening. The staff there has been nothing if not fun and quirky, fast and entertaining. I will have to review that seperately.I'm very happy about my experiences here, I like the rooms, the food and the staff.If you don't like your view, pay to upgrade, if you don't want to pay the resort fees, you should seriously rethink going to Vegas OR you should do some serious research.I've already made my reservations for January!
3	Stayed here on my recent Vegas Trip, and it the hotel was ok, nothing to write home about, but nothing terrible.  The resort fee is stupid, it should include internet, if it did, it'd be worth it.  The casino was fairly decent, the sportsbook was small but serviceable, I made some bets there and it was pretty easy.  I played some craps, which was ok except at one point the stickman didn't like how I was rolling, and would slam the stick in the middle of the table to try and change my roll.  That was ridiculous, so I colored up and left, and wouldn't play if he was there again.  That detracted from my stay, but all in all, not bad.  Add internet to the resort fee, and this wouldn't be half bad.
2	Besides the tower, this place is a lower end 2-tier motel. I was lucky to only be staying the night. If you're accustomed to staying at Strip Hotels like Ceasars and Mandalay, you'll spaz walking into this place. To it's credit, the room was clean but the AC didn't work properly, there was no safe in the room and two of the lamps in the room were out. The 2 stars I gave it were from the room service. I got my order in about 12 minutes, no problems. Despite the quality room service, I wont be back.
3	We stayed at the Stratosphere over Thanksgiving weekend this year. I had a "Select Tower" room. Guaranteed view, right. The select rooms are all updated/new. The room itself was very clean, the mattress was awesome. I don't normally sleep well in hotels, but I slept very well here. The walls are paper thin and you can pretty much here every word and cough of your neighbor, but luckily we had pretty quiet neighbors. So we checked in at night, and I had been guaranteed a view of the Vegas strip. When I looked out the window, I was totally disappointed. No strip. Because of the way the Stratosphere is situated in relation to the strip, there would be very few rooms that actually have a view of the strip. Most of them are more like partial view because the strip curves around, and the buildings in front of the Stratosphere block the view of the rest of the strip. So I was like...really?? That's it? HOWEVER, when we woke up in the morning, and opened the curtains, we were very pleased with the view because you could see the mountains, and it was quite lovely. Just not a spectacular lit-up night view, but mountain view--nice!We ate at the buffet while we were there. It was just okay. Not spectacular. They do have a carving station that offers prime rib, and that was good. Also had some nice salmon and sushi. But they stopped serving the sushi well before closing, so we only got a few pieces, and it was just okay sushi anyway. We had breakfast at Roxy's, and it was nice good diner style food. Plenty of it! We rolled out of there stuffed and satisfied. The server was super nice. The best points of the Stratosphere:1. If you are a guest at the hotel, you get free access to the top of the Stratosphere for the spectacular 360 view of Las Vegas. So fab!Oh. I guess I didn't have to number that list. Because that's basically it.The worst and the reason I'm only giving it three stars:1. No coffee maker in the room. ARE THEY KIDDING? I am guessing it's because there is a Starbuck's on the casino level and they are steering people there. That Starbuck's SUCKS by the way. LONG line all the time. I just wanted a cup filled with hot water and they charged me 75 cents. I took the cup back the next morning for a refill of hot water and they claimed they couldn't do it because of "health regulations." Really? Putting hot water in a cup is a health hazard??? Charged me another 75 cents. And I had to throw out a perfectly good cup from the previous day. Waste makes me sick. 2. The pool and hot tub (outdoor and not fancy or impressive at all) closes at FIVE. Because it "gets cold out there when the sun goes down." NO KIDDING. That's why I want to sit in the hot tub! Der3. No mini fridge in the room.4. No free wifi. Seriously? Even Motel 6 gives you free wifi! You can have highspeed internet while there FOR A PRICE. This hotel is at the far north of the strip, which is fine if you aren't into being at the center of action. But you will either have to walk a lot (which is probably a good idea because you are in Vegas and most likely pigging out and eating way too much), or drive. Driving down the strip is so nuts. It's like being in NYC. Rude honking drivers all up and down all over the place.
5	I have stayed here for at least 5 times already. The first time I stayed here with 5 friends and we booked a suite, which did not look like a suite with me. It was just a little bit bigger than standard room and had a sofa bed in addition to the 2 queen beds. Plus, the room looked really old. The second time, I stayed at the select room which was newly renovated. It was pretty standard and clean. Good size. Bathroom is not updated but acceptable. The other times I stayed here for free or almost free, because I got a player card here and I gambled. They started sending me room offers after one month I got a players card. Most of the offers are pay 1st night for $20 and get the second night free. Even though the rooms here are not fancy like Venetian, which I absolutely love and miss. But come on!! How I can resist the $20 for 2 nights deal and pay $300+ for Venetian. I would rather save the difference for food or gambling. The casino here is actually not bad at all. Lots of slots like other hotels. Decent amount of blackjack table. For poker players, they do have a poker room, even though it can't compare to Venetian and Caesars,but my friend who play poker said it does not matter where you play. It depends on the fellow players. For people who are planning on staying here and come to vegas all the time, I would recommend to get a players card, and play some slots. Then you will start receiving offer in mail or online for cheaper room. By the way, the managers told me the room offers have no blackout date, which I can also use it on holidays or new year eve, and that's not other hotels would offer. The only down side is that this place is all the way north of the strip, and I would not walk on street in this area because it's more ghetto. So having a car is pretty important. I personally am fine with it because I always drive to vegas and I dont walk on the strip too much.
1	Size of the room we were given was OK.But the bathroom,OMG,that is one horrible experience.The tub is light 2 foot higher from the ground level and I fell down almost every time I stepped out of the shower.And the actual shower did not seem to be in a normal working condition.The internet was 12.99 a day,and you have to give your credit card details to a web link to get that activated.We gave the credit card details and it said it could not process the transaction.BUT WE WERE CHARGED ON THE CARD.we enquired the front desk about the same and they said they could not refund the money as we did not go through them to get the connection(THE REASON THEY TOLD US IS THAT WE HAVE USED THE WEB LINK WHICH IS A THIRD PARTY).WHAT THE HECK?OVERALL,THE experience is BAD.
1	I love Vegas! I visit all the time and have always had a pleasant experience with the hotels I stay in. However, this past weekend I stayed here at the stratosphere. From the moment I stepped into the hotel I knew it wasn't going to be great. I got in at about 1:30pm, granted check in was not until 3pm. I have never had any issues with being accommodated when arriving early at a hotel. If there are rooms available, check ins are simple and hassle free. Not the case here, with just 1 1/2 before check in, they had a $10 charge because I was "checking in early." Really?? The $10 weren't the issue, the attitude and tone of the lady "assisting" us to check in was extremely rude! Customer service is huge! And the stratosphere employees all seem to hate their jobs! No one greets you, and when you attempt to ask a question, it's as if you're bothering them! Sad to say, but I will never be staying here again. L
4	We had a great stay... the tower was amazing and the customer service was the best I have ever had in a Casino. We asked for a room change, and they delivered. Also, the baggage man, Jeffery, was very nice. I don't think we would ever had come back if it wasn't for his extraordinary customer service and for the overall atmosphere.
5	I've stayed here several times over the last couple years. I can't complain. The rooms are at reasonable rates. If you want a better view, you just have to plan on paying more. The location is great, being right in the middle of everything you can visit the other hotels on the Strip, head out west to the Red Rocks Canyon area for hiking, or southeast to Boulder City. It is also easy to access from the I15 yet far enough north that the traffic that plagues the Strip at all hours usually isn't an issue. Given the location, one has to remember that the free stuff (like WiFi) that may go with a Motel 6 elsewhere isn't going to be included. I use my cell phone to tether my iPad. That has always worked well. Another thing that I like is the casino level bar will comp drinks with a very low buy in. They are also pretty generous with the comps. Other casinos along the Strip will require a higher buy in, and the drinks are slow in coming.
3	Great place to stay.  Only thing I didn't like about it was the location.  Other than that I would give it 4 stars.  The rooms are very nice, clean and smell really good.  The area is going to get better now that the New SLS Hotel and Casino is opening up right down the street.  I can't wait to test that place.
5	Stayed here twice. I have no complaints about the hotel except, the second time we stayed, we didn't upgrade and the bathroom sink and mirror was outside of the bathroom. Other than that, we always had a great time. Friendly people and the bus stop is right outside the door.
4	Great place to stay. The good thing about staying here is that hotel guests get unlimited access to the stratosphere upper lobby (at 107 floors) and terrace (which is at prob 7 $ or so otherwise). The rides are still to be paid for , but nevertheless a good deal.Hotel was good and the staff was good. The room was pretty good as well. The location is a little away from the main hotels at the strip (mgm , nyny ,paris) but pretty good anyways!
1	Worst hotel we have ever stayed at here in Vegas. We checked in and the first room they gave us had a hazardous material waste bag right outside our door. We went to switch rooms, we requested non smoking and the second one smelled liked someone had just smoked in there! The third room was finally ok but the whole floor smelled like smoke. Oh and the towels smelled like smoke as well! If you are a non smoker I would NOT recommend this place to stay.
1	The absolute worst hotel where we have stayed. Checking with Cory from Long Beach couldn't be any ruder. Claimed the room we booked and paid for 10 months in advance was not available. Would not appologize and appeared to care less. We spoke with a manager who accomodated us but why couldn't Cory?The room looks like something out of 1970 without any updates at all. There is a hanging light with a chain down the wall-seriously! No room safe and plastic cups wrapped in more plastic makes me start looking for the hookers. Motel 6 has better rooms and free wifi.Avoid this hotel at all costs!
4	This review is based on staying at the hotel all of 5 hours... we checked in around 1am (which is a surprisingly popular time to do so!) and checked out at 6am for a tour we were taking. Granted this was a weekday and we had the world's shortest stay, but we definitely appreciated the free upgrade (no prior stayings and a booking from Expedia) to a nice "romance suite" with a built in hot tub. Service was friendly as well. -1 star for managing to have a 20 minute check-in queue at 1am on a non-holiday weekday.
1	I have stayed here a few times before, but many years ago. It has steadily gone downhill.  They now charge the much-hated "Resort Fee", which is a sleazy way of hiding the true cost of your stay. They also charge for internet access. VERY slow internet access. According to Cox Comm they have very old equipment at the Stratosphere and do not want to pay for the upgrade.  A 25 year old analog TV has a better picture than the TV in my room. I got my revenge by doing ALL my gambling and eating elsewhere. So the $27/day charges for Resort Fees and internet access was all they got. The other big downside is that all the action happens further down the strip and cab fares in Las Vegas are outrageous.
3	This is exactly as it is advertised; a 3-star hotel. We stayed here off of Hotwire's Hot Rate hotel deals. We got one weekend night for like $40, but they charged an additional $17 for a resort fee when we got there, plus a $30 late checkout fee (since we decided to go hiking and wanted enough time to shower when we came back). Late checkout is at 3pm, but standard checkout I believe is at 11. The room itself was old; definitely outdated and doesn't belong on the Strip! I would imagine this kind of hotel would be on the outskirts of the Strip, but if they want people to return, they need to do room updates, stat. The room wasn't dirty per-se, but it was definitely old and used, so it gave the feeling of being dirty anyway. The staff at check in was pretty friendly and helpful with the check in and check out process. The only good thing I would say is that your hotel card key lets you go up to the top, which I think costs $18/each if you're not staying at the hotel. If you're traveling with multiple people, consider it a discount on what you paid for your stay. So in total, we paid about $87 for the hotel room, but we got $54 worth of credit to be able to go to the top, which makes it worth it... right?
1	One of the biggest problems with this hotel is that they charge extras for things I call essential. The fact they charge a mandatory "resort fee" to your room is criminal, just put the room rate at its correct level. They charge a lot for wifi, which most other hotels I use give for free. The restaurants I used were mediocre. The hotel rooms are a little tired, from the pictures it seems they have renovated some rooms but mine had clearly not been done.Won't be here again.
2	Been here twice. Spent week here after Christmas and fun was had.Room in the 19th floor and we had a great view.Tables had great dealer. Pitmen were fun and ensured everything ran smoothly. There were a few folk begging for money...be careful near the joker poker. Bar in playing area had drinks at decent price. Shouldn't need to pay for drinks..just play a game or two. Hookers hang out there. I was asked twice if interested...I mentioned to management. Nothing to my knowledge happened.Sports book is small...this is a place for hanging out. If you want to pay more and get the full vegas experience go to a casino closer to strip.$20 cab rides mount up...tell cabs you want to go via the strip...don't let them use te highway.
3	Pretty lame. It's far away from the strip and outdated. No cool shops and no good places to eat, but if you're into thrill rides and a cool view, you should check it out.
3	As a Vegas local, visiting the Stratosphere was on my list of things "to do later...."  I'm not a huge fan of the Strip, mainly because I'm impatient and waiting for the numerous lights to change whilst driving does a number on my blood pressure.  Anyway....a friend and I took advantage of the January locals' deal (free tower entry with NV ID on weekends) and decided to check out the top of the Strat, which apparently is the tallest freestanding observation tower in the US.  The view is good but I would not have paid $18 to experience it.  However, during our time on the observation floor, we got to witness a brave lady throw herself off of the tower (Skyjump controlled free fall; it's $109.99 per jump), after which we did not see her again....I'm sure she's fine....we also got to see the other rides in motion and hear screams of delight, I think...!  One can purchase ride packages, buy solo ride tickets, or just live vicariously through others' ride experience.  Glad I went up the tower and more glad that I didn't have to pay any $ to do it!
3	The hotel is dark and dumpy while the food and drink options are slim pickings, but that isn't really why anyone goes here - is it?  Free January trips to the top for locals is pretty much all you need to know and with excellent views and a light crowd I'd recommend everyone do it at least once - touristy for sure, but far cheaper (and taller, and less of a hassle) than the Seattle Space Needle or the St. Louis Arch.
4	We had a rough start here but boy did they make up for it!!!!  We go there on Wednesday and the room was not at ALL as they described!!!!  It was tiny, didn't even have luggage racks and the smallest most ridiculous closet.  Well when we complained we were instantly upgraded to a suite!!  A SUITE????  AYFKM???  Oh yeah now this was LIVING...with the exception of us having to go BACK downstairs with all of our luggage to sign off on the changes and no bellman was sent for assistance or for our inconvenience!!!  I will say however once we got into the suite it was DELUXE!!!  Whirlpool tub, super comfortable bed, great view, clean and totally what we thought our original room was going to be.  The Starbucks here is a little disappointing...they don't have a microwave to heat up a croissant?!?!?!?  That was either the worst customer service EVER or the dumbest decision ever!  I mean we are in freakin VEGAS staying up all night and then trying to function in the morning of course we want coffee and we might be a little edgy, but it isn't too much to ask to warm up a muffin or whatever you get with your coffee.  I definitely recommend the SkyJump!  It is AMAZING and so worth the money!  Overall our experience here was top notch.  But the rooms aren't the best unless you are staying in the suites!!!  Call me spoiled!!!  I would have survived in the regular rooms however it is vacation...you are supposed to be LIVING not surviving!!!
3	You get a nice view from atop this sketchy Vegas icon.  The observation deck is high above the casino and hotel below and allow you to see the entire city.  The outdoor deck give you an  up close look at the rides that nearly defy logic.  It seems strange to install an amusement park on top of a tower as they did but it works.  People get their thrills up there every day (weather permitting).  I've only ever done the Sky Jump myself.  The other rides just aren't my style.  When I go up in the Stratospher Tower it is almost solely for the view.  There are a few problems with it though.  Admission is $18.  $12 for locals.  All you get for that is a ride in an elevator.  Sure, it runs at 21 MPH and takes you up the core in less than a minute but the simple fact remains that it is nothing more than an elevator.  Second problem, trying to figure out where to purchase admission.  I was there on Friday taking advantage of the January special for locals (free admission Fri, Sat, Sun all January long).  I stood in one line near the entrance to the elevators.  They told me to go to the box office.  I went to the box office and it was dark.  Security told me to go down stairs to the other box office on the casino level.  Then I had to go all the way back to where I started and stand in line for a while as each elevator can only take 10 people.  When you have a long line 10 people at a time makes for slow progress.  Neverthless, the wait is worth it when you reach the top and see the magnificence of the Las Vegas Valley.As for the casino, not bad.  It is big and mostly modern looking.  Its fairly clean and doesn't seem to smell too strongly of smoke like some casinos do.  My favorite part though is near the casino level box office mentioned above.  There is a nice Dale Earnhardt Sr. Chevrolet Camaro and the Stratosphere Pole Award given to the pole sitter of the Kobalt Tools 400 at Las Vegas Motor Speedway every March.  As a NASCAR fan, this is pretty cool.
1	This was my first time to Vegas and my first time at this hotel and it was a bad experience. This hotel is on the opposite side of "fun", it's in the "ghetto" area! Right when we walked into the hotel they try to get you to sign up for this 2.5 hour tour to take you and show you their other hotels that they just opened - which sure they offer you a free stay at any of their resorts for doing this tour but seriously who wants to be bribed right when they walk in? We did put our names down with a $20 refundable deposit just in case we did want to do this, but in the end we wanted a refund - which took them 30 minutes to even find our name on their list and we had to come back 2 hours later to get our $20 back and they STILL tried to sell us ANOTHER deal - VERY disorganized and annoying! We were able to check in 4 hours before our check in time, which was very nice and for a VERY reasonable price, but we had to ask the front desk ourselves -  NO ONE told us we were able to do that, everyone acted like that wasn't even possible. The room was OK, I've gotten cheaper hotels that at least had a microwave and fridge in it. Unfortunately, within the first 30 minutes of settling into our room my fiance and I were trying to rest and a lady seriously knocked on our door TWICE and RIGHT AFTER she walked in!!! The pool was nice, but the Jacuzzi was dirty. I was not able to check out the rides- the lines for the ride were super long!If anything good came out of this experience it was the floor with the food and shopping area, it was pretty nice- the Mexican food place was on point; VERY fresh and yummy with a for sure reasonable price! I would NOT come back here again.
3	Let me preface my review by stating we requested and paid additional for an updated room because we heard the older ones were pretty dumpy. The updated room was great. Very clean, pretty view and the staff was fine. The hotel is far from everything which sucks because the money you're saving by staying there you make up by taking cabs. By being a guest it gives you free access to the top which is cool. The view is great. Again, the 107th floor bar is ridiculously over priced, but that's Vegas. The casino is pretty boring, and so are the casino bars. If I could do it over, I'd stay somewhere closer, but overall not a horrible hotel.
2	I give it 2 stars just due to the fact that it's older vegas! Other than that...the service,organization and just appeal is horrid!  I'm waiting for this to be the next addition to the neon boneyard! I will take my kids to watch this travesty imploded in the near future. The ghetto fabulous side of vegas exists closer than you think.
3	My brother gets a great deal because he has a players card from here. For $30/day it was cheap enough for my lean pockets. We get adjoining rooms on the 19th floor, non-smoking. The rooms were clean enough, although I could still smell the cigarette smoke wafting from the elevators just a few steps away. It's one of my pet peeves of hotels with casinos, you can never get the smell of cigarettes out. Plus you have to go through the casino to get to the hotel anyways so there's really no escaping that. Anyhoo this time we get the room with a view of the mountains and old town Vegas. It was cool too, but last time we were here we had a view of the strip. That was super nice. With the room key you get a free pass to the observation deck ($18 value) and with the players card you get 10% off at the buffet and Roxy's diner. I'm not sure if they offer it at the Italian restaurant. They have Top of The World restaurant here (reviewed separate on its business site).The restrooms are clean and maintained well, frequently stocked with supplies. Parking is adequate but if you're like me I love to park on the 3rd floor, coz that's where the bridge to the casino is. I don't mind driving around and around until I get one close by =P.
3	-Whoever designed this place did a heck of an odd ball job. The room starts off like a normal room where you walk into a hallway with a closet, then it seems like the designer put the restroom in the middle of the room on accident and hid it behind walls so, you half to walk around the restroom to get to the bed putting it at an awkward angle to the tv and dresser. -The pool is on a random floor at the end of the longest hallway. -The gym is also on the floor as their retail floor so you workout while others pass by to shop or eat. -The view...well, I have their A/C units and ducts so that's interesting...-Overall, this place is just laid out weird, the resort itself offers some nice benefits to their hotel guests. Free access to the observation decks being one. A view to die for (especially at night).
5	Love this hotel! I usually stay here when I come to Vegas, and I have never need disappointed! The hotel staff is friendly and accommodating, the view is incredible, and it is situated right between the strip and Fremont street. Would probably advise against eating here, but only because Las Vegas has better options than their buffet. Rooms are comfortable, but not fancy. I will definitely be coming back!
4	This review is for only the bar and the Casino..  I did not stay here!Bar-The bar is right when you walk in the door.  Every night from 6pm to 10 pm you get all you can drink for $19.99.  This might be the best deal in Vegas if you are looking to tie one on.   If you order doubles the drinks are really strong, to the point you can see the layer of booze and the layer of mixer and see through the mixer.  I am not complaining one bit.. just warning you all.   There is only one waitress in there, but she did a pretty good job of keeping up.  I did walk up to the bar once and got a refill.  The casinoThe casino is alright.  Nothing specail.  I basically is the same as ever other big casino on the strip.   It is kind of dark in there though.  Bar gets 5/5 StarsCasino 3/5
4	My wife and I stayed here for a conference held at LVCC. We had not stayed here before but thought we would give it a shot and check out the view we had heard so much about. We were not disappointed. It is breathtaking and everyone that visits Vegas needs to check this out.The hotel is very nice with friendly staff. The rooms were large with large TVs. We were on the 16th floor and we had an amazing view of the tower which had people bungee jumping off of it night and day. This was fun to watch. The hotel also has great happy hours at a couple of the restaurants which we took advantage of.Great hotel and we will definitely be back.
2	Its been a while since I stayed at this casino, probably way back when Stardust was still around. Back then, Stratosphere was bustling with people and the environment was really lively. This place seems deserted now in comparison to when it first opened. We picked up a drink at the bar in the center of the casino and there were only two other patrons at the bar. The gaming floor was darn near empty.We took our drinks and walked up to the second floor where the shopping area is and the only place that had a few people was McDonalds. The rest of the shops were empty to the point where several of the shop owners were just standing by their store entrances, looking really bored. This place has lost its grandeur and I find it bizarre that this place hasn't gone out of business from its lack of guests. I've seen casinos in Downtown Vegas that had more guests roaming about.
1	Horrible staff!!!! Bartender constantly asking me if I'm playing (for comp drinks). my husband being accused of picking up someone else's money by the pitboss. Worst casino experience in Vegas!!!!
4	Stayed here for the weekend on a Staycation with my husband. Great rooms. Lots of resturaunts to choose from with great variety. All the resturaunts give u A LOT of food. Great price plus gift shops and free tower admission. Would definetly recommend and be staying again.
2	My best friend came from Florida to visit me in summer of 2012. We planned on going to Vegas and we choose the Stratosphere. What a mistake we made, the shower got clog and when we call maintenance they didn't came to check the shower until 2 hours later and when they did it got clog again. When we returned to our room from the pool the bedroom was not clean, so we call the cleaning people and again 30 min later they showed up. I will never stay at this place again. I'm placing this review now because back then I didn't join Yelp.
4	I was heading to vegas with a few friends and they werent happy with the fact that i booked Stratosphere due to the bad experience they had from 2 years ago that they stayed there. It was already too late since i already booked the hotel so we just went with the flow. I must tell you when we arrived there the hotel looked very nice and clean. My friends main issue was the room so we were worried about the rooms and carpet being dirty but I guess they renovated all the rooms and the rooms were super clean with new furniture and all the good stuff. We loved it. Also booking through groupon I got 4 passes to go upto the Tower which is really nice. Once you head up there you can see the whole vegas. They had a female Dj and she was playing cool hip songs. Over all ill say it is a nice place to stay. You can just stay in the hotel and do so much. Cons: A little bit away from the strip. Buffet was closed which we really wanted to try. I heard if you pay for lunch buffet you can also go and eat dinner for free.. Now thats a deal. Sad that it was close when we stayed there.
2	I stayed at the Stratosphere during a business trip.The hotel is conveniently located right in between the strip and downtown, so you don't get the traffic and madness of either one. The neighborhood and hotel itself are kind of sketchy. I didn't feel unsafe or anything, but I wouldn't walk around at night either.I stayed at the "renovated rooms" which are much nicer than the regular ones. They are at least updated.The size of the room was fine, the beds are comfortable but I have a huge issue with housekeeping. I stayed there for 10 nights and even though they came and made my bed and replenish toiletries everyday, they NEVER, not EVEN ONCE changed my sheets or scrubbed the tub, they didn't sweep or mop the tile or anything. If I have a choice in the matter I would much rather stayed somewhere else. I also ate at all the restaurants in there and all of them are from mediocre to nasty. They say that you get what you pay for, this is totally true at this hotel.If you are on a budget, I recommend the Golden Nugget (downtown)
1	Ghetto?? Need I say more.. So when we first got checked in, we went to our room...We laid on the bed to relax after being on the road...after about 30 minutes of relaxing, we hear a knock at the door..but before my husband could open the door, a Mexican lady BUSTS into our room !! She started waving her hands around in the air and was speaking Spanish to us. We were in utter disbelief! So..if that wasn't bad enough, she picks up our phone, makes a phone call (to who, I don't know), she is speaking Spanish to whoever it is she is speaking to on the phone..She got off of the phone, said something to us in Spanish and LEFT! Me and my husband were really STUNNED.. So, once we got our bearings together, we called the front desk to complain. The girl that I spoke to apologized and said that she'd talk to the maid that came in our room. Ok..so the room...it was minimally clean..the porcelain in the tub was not sparkling..the decor was meh.. the room smelled musty. The price of the room was high IMO compared to other hotels in the area considering the quality of the room. So, to make matters worse..their were teenagers running up and down the halls ALL NIGHT..So, I finally call security (which I've never done in my life while staying at a hotel, I can bare some noise, after all it's Vegas, but this was ridamndiculous) they FINALLY responded to my call and when they did, they knocked on their door. (I can hear them) and they said "The folks next to you called and complained and said you were too loud. Please keep it quiet",  so all I could think is GREAT.. This dummy has now told these people who outed them! I would have preferred to be anonymous, especially me knowing nothing about who I am next to.  It truly could have been anyone that complained because they were just that loud...So  I asked if I could switch rooms after this, they told me that I couldn't.. I was like.."WONDERFUL" .  So we bared with it.. We had also asked for an extra blanket for our bed at one point...I kid you not, it took about 2hrs for them to bring it.. They woke us out of our sleep by the time they finally brought  it up... Also, the area surrounding the casino is SUPER shady..make sure you carry your switchblade with you if you plan to walk the streets in that area!!! The casino floor is nice here and the Level 7 club is classy, the breakfast buffet was decent. (We got free passes)  But I definitely wouldn't stay here again. I've stayed at less pricey places and had a much better experience. I'd go to one of the hotels downtown before I'd stay here again!
4	After our flight was cancelled we needed a hotel for the night so we booked a room at the Stratosphere on Expedia. The price was great but the cab ride from the airport was pretty much the same price as the room which was absurd. We opted for the bus on the way back.After a long day of travelling and spending hours in an airport the jetted tub was wonderful. The room itself was clean and really nice. All we really did was sleep, spending less than 10 hours in the hotel but the sleep was much needed and the bed was comfortable. The check out feature from our room on the tv made for a seamless check out.
2	Didn't stay as a guest, but did visit for the evening to check out the Pin Up show- which I was nearly late for due to the clusterduck that is their parking system. Someone needs to get on fixing that up, stat.Drove up, pulled in where it said to drive through for self-parking only to sit in a line of taxis. No employees directing traffic. Finally found the Self-Park signage/arrows, only to be unable to get to that area. After looping around twice, I follow the arrow only to enter an exit into the parking garage. Luckily I immediately ran into an employee who told me how to get around and to the third floor.Only to follow the directions and head straight into oncoming traffic, since I was still going the wrong way. Essentially, the guy directed me to the exit. Looped around a third time, and all the openings to the garage that I could find whiel following the signage and the printed arrows on the ground, directed me to DO NOT ENTER spaces.Finally I pulled a U-ie and went in the one actual entrance, and found a spot. Which was roughly 20 minutes later, and only after getting harassed by a loud screaming guy in a white Escalade who followed me with his high beams on yelling at me going the wrong way-- even though, as I said, I was following the signs and the white arrows on the ground, and was even encountering stop signs, but couldn't ever find an entrance to the garage.
1	I went to visit my girlfriend while she was staying there for the Magic trade show.  The room seemed okay, nothing to nice.  But the carpets did seem dirty. And not to mention I had gotten bit from something while sleeping there.  My  girlfriend the next day even had to go to the ER with a bug bite that got infected.  The staff was pretty rude to her.  We will never go there again.  And we recommend that people use precaution if they do stay there.  You might end up with bug bites, and might have to get on antibiotics like my girlfriend did.
1	BEWARE OF "MANAGERS SPECIAL!!!!"  If I could give this place 0 stars I would. I made my reservation online with travelocity for about fifty bucks, I was stoked because it was so cheap! When I checked in I was told of a managers special for 67 dollars more with a jacuzzi in the room! Score right? Nope, when I received my statement I was charged 93 dollars. A little off from the 67 I was promised. Then when I called and talked to three different people they pretty much told me I was an idiot and wouldn't refund me the difference. So much for customer service.
1	Had a horrible experience at their casino. Had my purse stolen with all my belongings the first night I arrived. Their security did not show any kind of effort to look for it. I told them I wanted their cameras checked and after 3 long hours of waiting for an answer I was told that the cameras did not show anything..... The angle I was sitting was not captured by the camera. That is a ridiculous answer. Every Casino has cameras facing every angle. Every person I seemed to talk to just gave me the run around and after arriving home I called and over the phone I still had to deal with unprofessional customer service. I talked to several other casinos around the area and was told that the excuse I was given about the cameras was just to keep me away!Will never go back to this place.
4	really enjoyed my stay here....the view from the top is amazing...really looking forward to staying here again
2	Comfy bed, nice scenic views of the mountains. Rooms are a bit outdated.  Huge con: Walls are very VERY thin.
3	My wife and I stayed here on Valentines 2014. The beds were good, but sound was too noisy. We can hear people easily in the hallway. Also our room in the new tower had a thin adjoining room door and we could hear the people staying there. (Room 60 on the 12th floor. The doors have too large a gap between the door and the carpet. (I guess to slip notes to people under the door ?) We paid $33 a night to stay there, so I guess you get what you pay for, but I heard the casino part of it pays for everything as people are so dumb to lose all their money that way. We just went to the theater and shopped and did the rides. (^:= But I guess casino is just entertainment, as well, in a way....Also our floor was non-smoking, so that was great, but someone in the hotel on a smoking floor caused a fire in their garbage can due to a cigarette or cigar and we all had to evacuate the building at 5am. Got back in the room at 5:45am and I could not sleep, so I went to the hotel gym at 6am and it had lots of people there. lol A basic gym. It could have had a few more machines. The pool was closed. Repainting. So I wish they would have told us that when we made the reservations. uggggThe staff at the tip top bar were very good and the discount on the rides for staying in the hotel was good as well, but not as good as some online websites.The hotel staff maids were perfect. We set do nut disturb signs the 3 nights we were there and they did not go into our room at all! We love that. No reason to have clean sheets every night as it is not environmental. The towels could be larger though...but not the maids fault. We left 5 bucks tip on the pillow when we left.We did not use the casinos at all, so hopefully other people will review that part.
2	The best thing about this hotel is the location, its right between downtown and the strip.I got put in one of the older rooms, not yet renovated. It's dark and stuffy. There is no coffee maker in the room and the bathrooms are super small. During my stay the blow dryer blew and there were sparks everywhere.The maids dont vacuum unless you ask them to, which I find a bit gross. If you try and call house keeping you'll be on hold for at least 5 minutes. The staff is a hit or miss, some friendly others not so much. There's a handful of restaurants through out the hotel, pricier than usual. Its pretty cool to go up to the top of the tower for the view, especially at night. The hotel has some perks even a pool but I would stay somewhere else next tim
1	It's a no-frills kinda place even though they advertise it to be fancy. I'm in the older room & they're kinda dark with the most itty bitty bathroom. I was really bummed to find out they don't even come with a fridge or a coffee maker. If you want a fridge in your room it's an extra $10 charge a day you have the fridge. When we asked about the coffee maker they said they don't have any but there is a Starbucks in the casino if you want coffee. The Starbucks is hella pricey, more then regular Starbucks & the staff is quite rude. The beds are comfy though. The blow dryer blew up in my hands while staying here. Scared me half to death & when you call down stairs you get put on hold forever! The staff is a big hit or miss. Some are extremely rude & others are sweet. The amenities have a HIDDEN CHARGE! This charge lets you use the very outdated, not so nice gym, the pool & wifi. $14 a day per person. The location is pretty good, in between downtown Vegas & the strip. The tower views are gorgeous at night & free to go up if you're staying here but it's very pricey once you get up.
1	We got in early before check in the first clerk name Kayla was a real bitch she had a very nasty attitude and everything I gave her in her hand she threw it to me on the counter. Tried to ask questions about the hotel and she was pissed and was like she will answer them when we come back to check in when a room becomes available before check in. As we was leaving we noticed she had a wonderful attitude with the caucasian guest! What really trouble me is everyone already knew who I was talking about before I even said her name! Why is she still working there?Well when we returned another clerk was there name Ron L. we told him about our bad encounter with Kayla and he apologized and gave a upgrade. He was very nice and answered all our questions he even encouraged us to come back to him anytime if we needed to know anything else. We got to our room which was on the 15th floor tub backed up with something might have been sewage cause the room smelled of shit. Called for assistance each time maintenance took care of it but housekeeping was the worst had to call to have linen changed and to get towels each time I called I had to wait for ever. I reported all my issues to the manager Megan she apologized and gave me a $50 refund for my troubles.
3	I didn't stay here but I did enjoy the sky bar lounge. They have a pretty nice happy hour with drink specials and small plates for $5-8. Love that. If you want to come here for the view skip the $15 ticket to the top and go to the bar. Your pictures might not be as great but the bar has the same 360 view as the deck just with windows. The bar is also dark and sexy.
2	Well let me tell you. We  have stayed here twice before and had a very nice stay. This time was so different!   We got here no problem with check in. Got a good deal for staying here before. Paid a low price for one night, second night free. When we got to our room...very nice until I smelled smoke. I called the front desk to complain that I specifically asked for a non smoking room and there was an obvious smoke odor. She told me no problem will send someone to spray room to purify smell. That took 1 1/2 hours for someone to do that who was spraying for 5 seconds then leaves. It did help but we could still smell faint odors of smoke. At this point I didn't want them to come back to use an air purifier if the sprays didn't help. Had a great evening with my husband eating out and having fun...here in town to celebrate our 22nd anniversary.  Next morning,  left the room at 10 am, went out for the day, come back @4pm so we could get some rest then get ready to go to the top of the world restaurant and celebrate our anniversary.  We notice the need service sign we put on the door when we left was still there. We walk in and no one has come to clean our room! Very upset at this point.  I call and complain again...seriously  we were gone 6 hours and our room wasn't even cleaned? ???? I feel that is more than enough time for some one to clean up our room. I told them..forget it! Just bring me towels and toiletries...and someone actually came by in 10 minutes. What upsets me the most is that no one showed any care or concern. .they were just so matter of fact. No one said Sorry!!! I ended up canceling our reservation at the top of the world restaurant.  I spoke with Will who was the only one who gave me his name without asking,  offered to give me a later reservation and actually cared! I just said no thanks just need to cancel. I have been to the top of the world restaurant twice before and the staff and food were fabulous!  After all is said and done. ...what matters most is that I'm here in Las Vegas with my best friend and hubby of 22 years....just have to make the best of it. One thing for sure, will never stay at the Stratosphere again!
1	Did not stay here, we were planning on eating at the top, but it was such a dirty, disgusting rathole I lost my appetite.
1	I didn't even get a chance to stay here...due to the rude staff and miscommunication on Priceline.com. That's why I am rating it low. But from the other reviews, I was better off at the Circus Circus anyway
5	Clean rooms that came with a television, comfortable bedding, and free toiletries. Despite what other reviews may read, this hotel doesn't charge "hidden" fees. In fact, all fees are laid our clearly before you book your room (as with any hotel in Las Vegas). And no, there isn't any Wi-Fi unless you pay extra for it, which is fine, because I generally don't come to Las Vegas to surf Facebook. As far as entertainment is concerned, this hotel offers the best in Vegas- all of which are located 1,000 feet in the air (a beautiful view by the way). It is absolutely breathtaking a night, and something you must see in-person to really appreciate. There are a few hotel restaurants as well, one which is located on the 104th floor or so. Didn't eat there but me and my girlfriend had a Mango Madness mixed drink, which was AMAZING. The staff is super-courteous and professional. Live bands play periodically during certain nights. If you came to play poker then there are probably better options in Las Vegas. Overall, had a really great time here. The only downside is that hotel is located a bit far from the strip, but you can easily hop on a shuttle that comes every 20 minutes or so that will drop you off at any one of the larger hotels (Bellagio, Cesar's Palace, etc.)
3	I was getting married in Vegas. I was getting married in the Chapel in the Clouds at Stratosphere so I decided to stay in the hotel for convenience sake.The rooms were inexpensive and clean. I don't have high expectations given the price. The toilets are scary. Don't do a courtesy flush unless you want to risk having your insides sucked out through your bumhole.The unlimited tower admission seems like a pretty good perk for staying here.The pool was adequate but they really should have built this on the ground floor so that the buildings shield you from the wind.Cleaning staff were excellent. They were careful not to bung up or throw out your stuff and they did an overall good job.The casino is ok. I wish they opened the tables in the pit near McCall's on more than just the weekends. Younger dealers tend to be more fun to play with. They're also friendlier than some of the old-fogeys running the tables on the other side.Wifi access wasn't too bad but I disliked having to re-authenticate every 24 hours.The tower shops are kind of a ghost town. Food, like McDonald's, is about the only thing you go there for.Like almost every hotel in Vegas, they have the dreaded resort fees. You get charged this whether you use their amenities or not. $15/day for this one.Because of the location, you lose most of your savings by taking extra cab rides. If you have a car or don't mind public transportation, then it's not too bad.If you're on a bit of a budget, stay here. If you're not, then don't.
1	Have to say: horrible customer service. If I could give zero stars, I would. Pulled in to valet to check-in for my stay, and the bell hop was just rude. Valet attendant had to ask him to help us with our luggage twice, and each time he just looked over and turned the other way. Finally had to help myself to my luggage and over to the check-in desk. I asked to speak to a manager (Christopher) and he seemed shocked at the experience and promised to look into it. However I was just as shocked he had not offered to waive the resort fees or provide any type of compensation. Strike two on this stay. Honestly, if I didn't already know the regular hotels I frequent were soldout, I would've cancelled my reservation all together and stayed somewhere with better customer service.
4	I don't know why everyone gave this place such poor reviews. I just came back from my Vegas trip and had an excellent stay at the Stratosphere. Granted, we stayed in a suite, but I'm sure the regular rooms are just as nice. The Tower Suite was affordable, clean, spacious and the bathroom was awesome (2 countertops with mirrors and a jacuzzi shower is a WIN in my book!). The cleaning ladies came every day (despite what other reviews have said), the front desk receptionists were friendly and professional and the view of the Strip from the top is AMAZING (seriously, it's a must-see). Obviously, this is at the end of the Strip so you'll have to take a 5 min taxi to get to hotels/casinos in the Planet Hollywood area, but that's the only complaint I had about this place. They have a Starbucks inside but if you're looking for a quick, inexpensive dinner, this isn't the place. Check out New York New York instead (they have a much wider selection). Overall, I was a happy camper.
2	Went the weekend of 3/21/14 Friday and Saturday.. They told me... I was being upgraded it would only be $15-$20 more... which I thought okay not bad.... get there.... the room was on the 7th floor.... and it was just similar to a MOTEL 6... No Upgrades what so ever....     I don't mind... but my Daily Rate was $200/night...which is Super Expensive for a random not upgraded room...also the sink clogged. . went to the Pool area...... on 8th floor.... it took us...in a Big Long Hallway thru a bunch of rooms...... took us almost 10 minutes to get there........ and no biggie...... Will not consider staying here again.... very disappointed.
3	I got a good deal through orbitz- $155 : Sat/sun & checked out Mon. Hotel is located on end of strip which I didn't mind since we had our own transportation. I enjoyed being away from the strip chaos and traffic. Friendly customer service was shown upon arriving. Check in took around 30min, room was on floor 11. Big room, with strip view, clean bed linens and towels and comfy bed/pillows.Room service was never completed bc we left the "do not disturb" sign but overall the cleanliness of the room and hotel was great. Buffet was nasty- 20$ each person. As a vegetarian there was shitty stuff to eat. The pastas, rice, beans, vegetables were low quality. Tasted like canned food. I was upset at the quality and the high price of the food.14$ resort fee covers unlimited entrance to pool, tower and wifi. It wasn't a problem to me but I see how some ppl can mind this.Overall, good place if u r looking for a cheap hotel where u will only care to sleep and see the view, rides.
2	This place is more like a glorified motel. Way north of the strip. Too inconvenient to get to any other casinos on the strip. I was not a big fan of the facilities. Our room seemed more like a motel room. The AC was too loud and we could not sleep first night. The hotel however, fixed the AC next day when we complained. They do not even have a fridge in the room. The staff in general is friendly. If you compare the casino this place is nowhere close to the other casinos on the strip in terms of class. If you are going to Vegas at least go to a decent one in the middle of the strip.  Even the Atlantic city casinos are 10 time better than Stratosphere. If all you want to use this hotel is for room stay then why not stay off the strip. You would never go to the casino to check out how it is or gamble here. Unless you are seriously on a very tight budget and want to "technically stay on the strip"...don't stay here!!
4	I recently stayed at the Stratosphere, about 2 weeks ago. I must say after reading the reviews on this place, I was a little reluctant in booking. I went ahead and kept my reservation, since I wanted to see the amazing view. Well it was worth it. The hotel room itself was nice! The renovated rooms really made me and my husband want to just stay in the rooms. But since you cant really do that in Vegas we had fun in the casino and hotel itself. I loved how the tower, mall, and casino where all in one place. I did not like the LOCATION. It is on the END of the strip. We had to buy a cab every time we wanted to go to the main parts of the strip. But honestly its VEGAS.. so you have to be ready to walk anyway. The worst part if i had to pick one is the LOCATION! it is literally next to the hood! so BEWARE.. but if your not scared like me... GO FOR IT!
1	Crooked dealings are happening here.  I checked in expecting to pay a $30 resort fee for two days, and they tried to charge me $92 at checkout.  I complained, and they said they would "waive" the fee.Because the balance was supposed to be zero, they didn't issue me a receipt.  After getting home, what do I see on my credit card?  You guessed it, $92.Now I have to waste an hour of my life to fight their charges.  Do not stay here. Save yourself the headache and pick a property that will not try to screw you over.The Casino is very smoky, and the local food is second rate.  One of the 3 rides on the tower was out of order, but they won't tell that you when you are buying your ticket. Did I say don't stay here?
1	We stayed here for 2 nights!!! Was initially impressed at the hotel because it looked clean and the room was decent! On top of that we were able to go up to the tower observation deck for free.On our 2nd day, we left our room around 11am to continue exploring the strip. We left the "please service" sign outside our door to alert the staff that our room needs tidying. We came back later that night at 130am and got the surprise of our life! The room wasn't cleaned  at all. We called the front desk and their only explanation is miscommunication. They asked me if i want it serviced then. Seriously at 130 am? If you guys have done your job and cared for your guest i wouldn't have to complain about this! Asked to talked to the manager and his only response is "I'm sorry. I will send towels as soon as i can!" 35 minutes later we had towels and were finally able to shower.  When paying the kind of money you do to stay at a resort such as this, you expect the details to be taken care of. Especially when there is an additional $17 a night resort fee.  Very disappointed, will not stay again.
4	I just returned from a 3 night stay at the Stratosphere and was a bit concerned about staying after reading all the negative reviews on Yelp and other web sites.   After reading many reviews on products and locations it seems most people lack perspective and objectivity or they have failed to do basic research, which is not the fault of the product, service, or place being reviewed.Some rebuttals to complaints I read about the Stratosphere:1)  Resort Fee.  Almost all Casinos now charge a resort fee in Las Vegas.  15 bucks a night seems to be in the middle of the pack.  Services provided by that resort fee seemed reasonable.  Just figure it into the cost of a per-night stay instead of complaining about it.   Resort Fee is PER ROOM, not Per Person, as some have reported.2) Distance from the Strip.  There are all types of online maps and guides to Las Vegas.  If you think the Stratosphere is too far from the strip then you didn't do any research before booking.   Yes Taxis cost money.  There are buses and the Monorail to ride, too.3) Rudeness of staff.  If anything, the staff and guests at the Stratosphere were overly friendly to me and my family.   Smiles and pleasantries were handed out by all.4) Room Cleanliness and Maid Service.   The room we were in was clean and the hotel maid service came in and changed out towels, vacuumed, and made the beds EVERY day.   Granted this is not  a 5-Star resort room, but I have spent far more for rooms very similar.   Someone recently noted the TV's did not have HD service.  The large flat screen TV in our room certainly had free HD programming.5) Valet Service and Bell Desk.   FREE.  USE THEM.   If you think self-park or overflow parking are too far away, use the Valet and Bell Desk.    We got wonderful pleasant service from both.  We tipped modestly for the services and no staff member complained or held out his hand for more.  6) Cost.  Holy cow!  With resort fees and a $5 upgrade we got a decent room for $85 a night averaged over three nights.  As I guy who travels a lot - you can't get a room as nice out in the middle of nowhere on the I-5 in Central California for that price.  It's a bargain.  Given that Stratosphere guests get free access to the Tower Observation decks - if you avail yourself of this - and take a few friends to the top, you have pretty much paid for the room.  My family and a few friends would have been out $180 out-of-pocket just for this.   7)  Long walk to the pool.  It's a big place.  Did you want someone to carry you?  Ask for a room near the pool.   My big complaint about all Casino pools in Vegas is their limited hours.8) Noise.  You are in Las Vegas.   It's a noisy place.   Sometimes I could hear the people in the adjoining rooms or hallways.  Name a hotel where that can't happen.  9)  Shops.  The selection of shops and restaurants in the Stratosphere seemed pretty decent to me.10) Gambling.  Seemed pretty standard to me.    They even had gaming tables with scantily clad and attractive female dealers, if you are into that. 11)  Buffet.  I'm not a big buffet fan, but we ate there.  Food was good, not stellar, but good.  $20 per adult is about standard these days (get over it - the meal bargain loss-leaders are no more in LV).  We went and applied for a casino card and got a 25% discount on our meal.  The wait staff was very pleasant  and even though we (five of us) dawdled at our table for over three hours on a Friday night, no one on staff complained or tried to rush us out.   Selection and quality was on par with most buffets at casinos I've been to.  12)  In room coffee maker.  The room we stayed in had no coffee-maker.   That seems like a trivial complaint, but several people have made it.   I've used one in the last decade maybe once.    McDonald's in the Stratosphere was giving away small coffees when we were there.   Note the rooms do not have any mini-bars, microwaves or refrigerators, either.   I consider this a plus, personally.   The bell-hop gladly loaded our large ice-filled cooler onto his cart and brought it up to the room.   And I refilled the cooler with ice from the hotel ice maker without objection or complaint from the hotel staff.The last time we stayed at the Las Vegas Cosmopolitan they initially refused to let us have an ice-filled cooler in the room,  brought up a non-functional mini-fridge, and finally cleared out the mini-bar so that we could store my daughter's Insulin in there.    They wanted to charge for the extra fridge and cleaning out the mini-bar, too.    All-in-all our stay at the Stratosphere was positive, pleasant, and inexpensive.   We got friendly service and a decent room at a reasonable price.
1	I just got back from Las Vegas last weekend (April 3rd-6th) and stayed at the Stratosphere. Biggest mistake ever! It was SOOOOO far away from the strip. You will be paying about $15 per cab ride, $49 if you take a town car to get back to your hotel. Guess what? That adds up to staying on the strip at the Bellagio or Venetian. I also booked through priceline and they said I could upgrade. I thought awesome, maybe a suite or a great room. Um not so much. I paid $60 for 3 nights and we ended up with a "Normal" room. This was after 3 upgrades apparently. It was a normal hotel room with 2 queen beds and a bathroom. I could only imagine what tuna can room we would have had.  The "strip view" lol it is a really shady neighborhood where the hotel is. We ended up with a select room that had separate elevators and free tower passes. Also the "stores" in the hotel, not so great. A very cheap mall. Positives were the valet guys were great and free parking. Also jumping off the building was awesome, other than that, no thank you. We tried the lounge on the top floor. The service was horrible. I would rather pay more money and stay someplace better.
3	The hotel sits at the end of the strip, which is nice because you can view the strip and city from the Stratosphere Tower.  The Stratosphere Tower was the high point of our vacation.  Viewing the Las Vegas Blvd  at night after a fun-filled day was peaceful and relaxing.  The staff in the Tower was friendly and helpful.The hotel staff was not as friendly as the staff in the  Tower was. But with that said,  The hotel has a Starbucks which was a nice way start our day, but pricey. We didn't play at the Casino at all so I can't review it.  I can add that it was well vented and we didn't suffer from the smokers, as we walked through it daily to get to our other Casino destinations.The hotel is old but is in the process of being renovated. Our upgraded room was clean with the exception of the bathroom floor.  I'm not sure how they clean it between guest but I got athlete's foot from the dirty floor.  Our room was on the 12th floor and we had a great view of the mountains. We came back to our rooms nightly and found the clean and ready for us.
3	Just spent 4 nights here the room was nice we were asked if we would like to be upgraded for a additional fee of $25 a night and ended up paying OVER $200 additional! So don't be taking in like we were thinking it's a great deal! I did enjoy the suite ;) Just not the prices! And skip the Buffet it's gross but Roxys Dinner has excellent food!
5	My husband and I came here to eat while on vacation and it was nothing short of spectacular!!!! The view is AMAZING. I don't know all about the rides though lol
3	I've stayed twice at this hotel, the hotel is great for the price. The only crappy thing is how far away it is from the main strip. Oh and one night I was getting ready to see Cher, I was naked in my room and housekeeping walked in with out knocking! I was in shock, I was screaming OMG OMG OMG!! 5 minutes later I'm still naked and in shock, another staff member from housekeeping walks in! I couldn't believe it LOL I end up getting a free night out of it as I had complained! Make sure you go to Fat Tuesdays upstairs mmm sooooo good!!
2	First and the last....Picked this hotel on a deal through Priceline. Worst idea ever. Read a couple of reviews, some where good some were bad, so I decided to draw my own conclusion.The people at the front desk/concierge were rude and weren't concerned about our questions. Anyways we got a room with 2 queen beds. The room:  even tho was "non smoking" smelled like smoke. The bathroom was minuscule. It consisted of a toilet and a shower/ bathtub and behind the door there was your sink and  mirror. Like you'd have to basically go to the bathroom and open the door to go wash your hands. Germs much?It was so aggravating, but we didn't go to Vegas to stay in our room.The room was big enough for us and the AC worked so we weren't really complaining since we basically got what we paid for. We checked out theTower at night and it was AMAZING.  We also went down to the pool and it was fun. The Dj played some good jams and we had a blast. We didn't get a chance to check out the rides. The location was not the greatest, so far away from all the action! Luckily there was  the "Deuce" bus that ran 24 hours through the whole strip.DO NOT GO TO THE BUFFET , THE FOOD IS NOT WORTH IT BY ANY MEANS.ROXY'S DINER WAS VERY YUMMY AND THE PRICES WERE REASONABLE.The internet was expensive. Went to Starbucks for free internet.Looking for a cheap hotel, and you are simply looking for a place to rest your head. Then go for it. If you  are looking for a red carpet treatment, then this place is unfortunately not for you :(
1	Do yourself a favor and DO NOT STAY HERE!! Reason 1: It's all the way at the end of the strip! I mean past everything with some dirty liquor stores,questionable motels and WAIT FOR IT.......BUMS in between. So walking from the hotel to the REAL strip would take at least 20 minutes. I wouldnt even dare walk because you'd probably get mugged or eaten by sludge.Reason 2: GHETTO ! The Stratosphere hotel is the equivalent of sleeping on a bench with a bum in downtown LA. I mean talk about dirty and just surrounded by the worst kind of people imaginable. I'm convinced criminals stay at this hotel since its out of site  and smells like a garbage can. The area outside it is even worse! Definitely not a good or safe area Reason 3: The Hotel Room itself was disgusting!!! There was LITERALLY blood stains on the Fuckin SHEETS! BLOOD!! Not even just on top but on the SIDES! How does one get blood on the side of a bed!? Murder who knows? But if you can handle blood then you'll love the hard crusty boogers  decorated all of over the bed. In fact i'm pretty sure everything in the room had a booger on it I mean it was just putrid. Anyway lets get to the shower....The shower head was coming out of the wall!!!!! One wrong adjustment and I would've been covered in pipe and drywall. And to top it off it smelled like cigarette asshole in there with no ventilation. I'm not even sure I was breathing oxygen in there.I could go on but the thinking about it just makes me sick. NEGATIVE 5 stars! DO NOT STAY HERE!!
3	Descent rooms... and good channel selections if you plan on staying in your room a lot while in LV... The view is fair. Amenities were fair. I say this because the tub stopped up during every shower of our stay. Besides that it was comfortable stay. They should sound proof their walls because u can hear all your neighbors sound effects if u catch my drift ;)
3	We didn't have a horrid experience, but it wasn't what I would call great either!! We had reserved an upgraded room, it was decent. We were offered another upgrade for 15 a night to which we declined at first but then wanted to do but the lines were just tooooooo long! We placed the do not disturb sign on the door the entire stay but that didn't stop housekeeping... And when we complained management sure didn't seem to either!!!
4	Came here for the observation deck, which was awesome!  They also have a few rides up top for those looking for an adventure.  Pretty cool.
3	Parking was convenient and easy enough.  We were able to check in easy enough I waited about 20 minutes on a friday at about 5 pm.  Room that we got was decent and up on a high floor so we had a pretty nice view of the mountains.  The room was clean to the naked eye but since I clean for a living I noticed a lot of areas that have been neglected for at least a few months.  I mean dust and crust in corners that should easily be vacuumed or wiped by housekeeping at least occasionally.  We had 2 flat screen tvs which was very nice and the shower was very large and good water pressure.  The machines in the casino seemed pretty tight because I did not witness any big winners usually at least a couple when I come to vegas.  The employees at the bar seem really pissed off like they do not want to be there.  One bartender told some guy this is not the land of the free drinks you need to play more.  I was like ok maybe he does but don't say it like that.  He flat out said you have to lose more money than you drink.  Bad service in my opinion.  Buffet food was hometown buffet at best and not worth the money but if it is free.  Still not sure...  The pool was not heated and the hot tub was completely full the whole time.  They need to pay some serious attention to some small details and they will be back in business.  The Top of the World Cafe is worth checking out but do not stay here it is too far from the strip and the atmosphere is not welcoming the employees are bitter and do not want to be where they are.  However I was still able to enjoy my stay without a real bad hiccup so hence the 3 stars.
1	This place is absolutely the worst. First off, we went to check in and were told to come back at 12, we came back at 12. What did they tell us again? To come back at 3. So we leave and come back at 3. And we find out that people who had NO RESERVATIONS got their rooms at 12? What? That totally defeats the purpose of making reservations in the first place. This infuriated me and my family so much but we let it go. Then later that night I saw that the blankets on the bed were dirty. The pillow case had some kind of brown stain on it. I was disgusted. The next morning when walking down the hall there was some plates and glasses on the floor, we didn't think much of it but when we came back later that night they were still there. This place has crappy maintenance. I'm definitely NEVER coming back here.
4	Very pleased with our recent stay here. The room was comfortable and affordable. It featured a huge tub and everything had a modern look to it. The bed was comfortable and we slept well. The location made it quick and convenient to get off the strip. We even squeezed in a show and ate here as well. We received discounts on both due to staying in the hotel. We will definitely be coming back.
4	Casino is kind of "tight" but the view from the top of the tower is awesome! Highly recommend a tour of the tower at night.
1	The rooms are ugly, looks like an old motel room. I'm very annoyed and upset. The sink is out in the open with the room. No privacy.  It's just awful,  I will be posting pictures.  I'm very honest with all my reviews.  I was able to pay extra for an upgrade but some people were getting upgraded rooms for much less.
4	Only stayed one night, staff was friendly, and very helpful! The room was very clean, ac worked great! My only complaint is the shower head was full of hard water deposits. So no flow through the head.
2	So this was my first time staying in Vegas. I didn't know what to expect. I read some reviews and the price was decent so I chose this hotel. Well I hope my review finds 1st timers well to learn this lesson..1- This hotel is literally at the END of the strip. Definitely not in comfortable walking distance to the fun hotels. (Bellagio, Planet Hollywood any of them). There is a bus stop about 4 blocks down that you can get a pass for which will take you down the strip. That is your best bet because the lights are about 5 minutes long and taxis will start to add up. The downfall with this bus is later at night they get PACKED! Im talking filled to the brim and people being drunk will argue to get on and there are just a bunch of drunk fools. Oh ya, like others have said.. bums pretty much all over the stratosphere area and people hounding you to buy things. It wasn't what I expected at all.2- We showed up a couple hours before check in. They front desk was nice and "upgraded" us for $75 dollars. What they didn't tell me was that there was also an early check in fee so that was a surprise. I wasn't much but they should still tell me before they charge anything additional. The reason upgraded is in quotations is because the room was exactly as described to the original room I requested. The bath was slightly bigger but I wouldn't even use it because it wasn't the cleanest AND the shower was awful. Talk about NO water pressure. Being a female I just couldn't get the conditioner out of my hair Im not even exaggerating. And there was like no lighting in this bathroom I could barley see while showering. Oh ya, this "upgraded" room was said to have a great view.. not at all I got the view of the top of bottom building which had a porter potty, and wires and crap everywhere. I was so upset. 3- Request a non-smoking room, definitely smelled like smoke the second I opened up the door. I am a non smoker and can tell the difference big time.4- The price is ok, but totally not worth it for the hassle. Pay the extra per night and stay at a hotel in the middle of everything. I would go to the stratosphere to visit just the tower. (But if youre not a guest you have to pay $16 entry fee and if I weren't able to get in for free I probably wouldn't bother)5- I called to speak with a manager or supervisor about my problems with the rooms.. the view, the bathroom, how this upgrade was a sham and he could care less. I would never do any business here again. I would have at least expected him to sound like he cared but no, he could care less and was so eager to get off the phone with me. So upset with this hotel.6- At 7am we went down for breakfast. This place was suppose to be open 24/7. At 7am they were closed and sent us to the buffet. The buffet was closed and still had dinner out from the night before. There was NO food available for breakfast this day.. how is that even possible?! We went to Ihop 2 blocks down the street and it was the best food I had. The place Roxys was alright. The Italian food there I just wasn't impressed with.
1	Arriving at the Stratosphere, we immediately smelled the old smoke smell and were not impressed with the over 30 minute wait to register after being on airplanes and shuttles, only to get to the room and NO Wifi! So we decided to call the front desk whereby we were on hold for another 10mins (?!!!Seriously?) At first glance the room isn't bad, but when you actually look - it is. The air conditioner worked but looked all busted up. Half of it was hanging off! The bathroom linoleum was peeling away from the wall & oh ---if you want to turn on the light in the bathroom it would flicker for a few seconds like in a Horror film, then it gave off this eerie yellow glow....ick. You can't sit on the toilet & open the door, it's one or the other.As for the area of town - yes, it's on the bad end, yes there are pawn shops and bums around but I never felt unsafe. There's a Denny's right behind it and the service and staff there were TERRIFIC and the food was affordable! Too bad the Stratosphere staff never mentioned to us that there is a mall upstairs that includes a McDonalds....but then how would they make their money on their buffet. Oh that brings me to the buffet - we got scolded for not sitting and waiting for the non-existent server to bring us drinks before we ate. (This was the first night after arriving from flights, shuttles, the 30min registration lineup, now we were supposed to wait to eat, so that you get around to serving us? Me thinks not!)Stratosphere gets 1 star because the water in the shower is HOT and when you take a bath it's HOT and my sore muscles loved it.That's the only good thing I can say about that place, good luck!!
1	First, I do not normally write reviews on Yelp of anything, I am pretty busy so that I am writing a review at all shows how bad this place is.Let me start by saying I wish I could give it zero stars and then explain why.First off, the hotel is north of the majority of the rest of the strip, so you won't be walking to the rest of the strip from here. If you try you will find that you are walking past very run down ghetto-like part of Vegas filled with ghetto people. Not fun.Next the hotel itself while it looks nice from the outside, and the lobby looks decent, when you get to your room the fun will begin.My friends had one room and I stayed in another room with a friend. Between our two rooms: toilets did not flush very well, ours got clogged. My friend's room key did not work and was never properly fixed. We stayed there 2 nights. Our room did not get cleaned on the only full day we were there even tho when we left our room the cleaning staff was cleaning other rooms close to ours in the same hallway.The table in the room, the only table you could put a computer on or anything else was horribly unstable and I would not trust putting anything on it at all, not even my elbow let alone a computer.Towels would make Motel 6 embarrassed they were so tiny and rough and not worthy of any decent hotel.The overprice $20 buffet was atrocious.I did not go on the main attraction some ride you can go on if you are not afraid of heights, so I can't comment on that. But if the only reason you plan to stay at this hotel is for that, then just stay at another hotel and go on the ride, skip the lodging.In short, the hotel was not just bad it was terrible. Food bad. Skip this hotel. Las Vegas has many world class Casinos and Hotels. This is not one of them.I am not sure I would stay here again even if it was free. Life is too short.
1	This is the worst hotel I have been to.  Please, please don't ever waste your money.  You deserve to be in the best place.  The room given to us was not the one we expected.  It smelled like cigarette butts all over the place.  The air conditioner was not working well and maintenance said they will change it but will be messy for about 2 hours.  There was no more available room for us to switch.  The carpet was so dirty.  Sheets have holes and rips in it.  Bathroom was so small you could hardly move once you're in it.  Front desk people were so rude that you were still saying something on the phone and they will hang up on you right away.  The towels were old and needs to be changed, lots of rips.Again, I could say a lot more but I will try to be short.  This is not the place to be for a pleasure trip.  I was with my boys and my Mom for a short stay but we didn't enjoy.  We have to go to different hotels just to eat. PLEASE DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY STAYING IN THIS HOTEL.  I will rate this as a negative star!
3	This hotel is a great value. The rooms are well maintained. The pool area carries a fun vibe and is 8 floors up so it has a view. Roxys restaurant and Tower Pizzeria are worth trying! Of course the Tower itself has some great views so while youre up there try Level 107 bar!!!
4	I'm a local and today I went to the pool the chairs were out dated and the pool is not heated. But the service was great pitchers  are only $22 which is a great price. Unlike other hotels this place loves locals. I would have lunch here next time and more drinks.
1	It was our 1st time in Vegas and we booked sort of last minute. This seemed like a good deal. I figured we wouldn't be in the hotel much so it wouldn't matter. Well.....it did. It was awful. Where do I begin. The shuttle from the airport forgot we were there so he dropped us off last but at least we got a tour I guess. After a long, hot ride we figured paying for early check in was worth it. We booked a non-smoking room on a non-smoking floor...the room reeked of cigs. Went to the front desk to ask for a diff room. The "manager" didn't even look up at me while i was talking or apologize for it. He handed me a different key and walked away. Really??? I was livid when I got upstairs and the key didn't work. Room service was nice enough to let us in since we had a baby with us. As we were settling in a woman walked in with a key that worked. They gave her the same room. OMG. It was just a mess! By that time we were starving but still had to get a room with a key that worked. We waited for a long time at the front desk and finally they let us stay in the room we were already in. Had to ask them to refund the early check in fee. They did not offer us any compensation for our troubles. Horrible customer service. Actually everyone that worked there was rude and unwelcoming. After that whole mix up we went to eat in the hotel because we were too hungry to go anywhere else and Roxy's diner was pretty bad.....we waited a long time to order and the food was bland...fries were old...service was dead. We were ready to leave Vegas at that point. Our trip got a little better later but this hotel is horrible. Our bathroom light went out twice and they took really long to address it. It was 11pm they finally showed up. The casino is really smokey. The only good thing was starbucks in the hotel. If there is a next time we will be staying at a different hotel even if we have to pay double.
4	I got a REALLY great deal through Hotwire so I really couldn't pass it up ($300 per person for airfare & hotel). We got a smoking room because we requested a room with a mini fridge but they didn't charge us to upgrade. The hotdog place here is realllly good, also ate breakfast at Roxy's diner & it was very tasty and FAST, our food came only about 5 min after ordering! You get free tower access which is cool, and the 8 bar at the pool makes a variety of amazing mojitos. It is at the far end of the strip so you can't walk many places, but a 24 hr bus pass is only $8 or $20 for 3 day pass so it's really no big deal.  The neighborhood between here and Fremont street is pretty shady but I'm not a pretentious snob so I don't care, it's really no different than any other major city. And yes there are (wait for it) bums, it's Vegas dumb dumb, there are homeless people EVERYWHERE you go in Vegas, not just around stratosphere. We did meet 2 ladies who claimed they found bedbugs in their room & got switched so we promptly tore our bed apart when we got back but we found no sign of bedbugs and our mattress and sheets all look pretty brand new... Maybe higher levels are less likely to get infested? But there are reports of bedbugs even at the nicer hotels like Bellagio so I suggest checking your bed at ALL hotels you stay in. I would definitely stay here again for the price, save my money for shows & gambling!
1	We didn't stay here so I can't review the hotel rooms and such. However, we did come here to play and we're kind of disappointed. The casino floor was small and if it weren't for the rides I don't think I would've even consider coming here. That's where I kind of lost it. We pay to get on the Insanity, waited about 45 minutes and once we get to the Observation tower we're told that due to the intense winds the ride was shut down for evening. I understand the security concerns, but it was a bit rude the way they handled everything. "Yeah, go get a refund." The lack of communication between staff created a bottleneck downstairs in the ticket booth. There was only one cashier issuing refunds, which made the situation even more stressful. Once I was at the counter, the cashier was yelling into a phone for help. All I could say was, "It's going to get better."  She was nice to me and issued a full refund. Perhaps this is one of the things that the Stratosphere needs to work on. The Starbucks downstairs was overpriced and the live music was the only thing that was memorable.
1	June 6 20.14 resort  fee alone is $2 0 per night non negotiable, tax on that too.  A $20 room costs 40.  Lots of hookers and pimps, non English staff throughout .  Always full of Asian tourists which is ok, But frustrating to the non English staff so by the time they come in ask you when you what you want to drink or eat there already was really angry the thing I noticed is now they want families in there so men in women with children can come and Gamble and spend their money while a 10 year old watches 3 5 year olds upstairs next to you in your room.  Try not to get a connecting room.Free wifi, that's new.SMOKEY!  Bring oxygen. Slots and Video Poker that drink ladies do not come around at all you'll waste 50 in a video poker machine and still not get a drinkand of course when they do come around they act like they're doing you a favor
4	I would have to say this place made a lot of improvements since our last visit a few years ago. We would normally stay at South Point Casino because they had a bowling alley, theater, and free wifi. What attracted us this time was the rate. At $29.99, it was a steal despite not knowing the improvements. The cable channels are more entertaining. And they now offer free wifi!!! The only con was we had a window view of the AC Systems, but we were on the floor where the pool was, fair exchange. Now the pool? You could smell the chlorine and the music was a little loud. Only gripe, it closes too early, 7pm. Overall, the stay was good.
3	This hotel wasn't that bad. I came here about six or seven years ago with my parents. Sometimes they like to go on Vegas trips and I decided to to go with them on this one. From what I remember it wasn't such a dud. It's a pretty decent size and the beds weren't uncomfortable to sleep in. The AC was pretty loud though and the interior design looked a little out dated but it's tolerable and not to much of an eye sore. I never tried their famous rides on the top of the hotel but I think I'll pass on rides that are a thousand stories up. The buffet was okay, nothing outstanding but enough to choose from. I would say my stay here wasn't bad, great, or exciting. But it's a good place to stay and crash in for a few nights so you can check out Vegas. You might also get a good deal on the price.
3	A solid 3 stars. Pros: easy on the budget, good customer service, very organized valet service, plenty of onsite amenities, strong security presence.  Cons: on the very edge of main strip, sketchy surrounding neighborhood, no shuttle service to the center of the strip. We would stay here again.
4	Stayed here in October 2013 with my family. It is a beautiful hotel, with amazing rates. It is close to everything but loses one star for location for me. I like to be right in the centre of everything when I'm in Vegas, but I'm lazy like that, realistically it's probably a 15 minute walk to the centre of the strip! Pool area is nice, the hotel rooms are very clean and roomy. The staff were pretty nice and they have really good rates. So if you're on a tight budget this is a great place to stay!!
4	The service is great I love that it is open to locals for free even on the Fourth of July. You can tell the water is not heated. So it lost a star for that. But I like most things about it. But some fun new drinks on the menu would be nice for sure!
1	Paid to see the 4th of July fireworks in the observation deck of the Tower. It was the absolute worse experience ever!! Prices were $28 per person, it was crowded, hot, no view of anything and the worst singers/performance they could hire.  So bad that the overhead speakers kept going out and all you heard was very loud static.  It got so bad that everyone was chanting "turn it off, turn it off"! Save your money and don't go here. You can see it free from the sidewalk!
3	This is one of the older casinos on the strip. It is barely a part of the strip. It is definitely on the more low class end of it, in not the nicest of neighborhoods. But as for the actual casino, it is really clean and nice inside. It is rarely too packed in this place so if you're looking for more of a quiet gambling experience in a nice place, this is your spot. I really like going up to the top of the tower. It's only about $20 dollars and you get a terrific 360 degree view of Las Vegas. They also have bar and restaurants up top and DJs at night. It truly is a unique experience that no other place in LV can offer.
1	Worse experience ever. Wait for assistant from front office for basically 20 mins and received a unpleasant answer for not having internet access in 4 hours during the day. The buffet is disgusting! Even you received it for free, i strongly recommend you rather going to McDonald than torture yourself eating there
1	Booked for 4th of July what a mistake $140 total. For a 1970s ish room with a lawn mower of a AC unit. A toilet with the noise of outdoor public one. A shower that had dirt still in it in clumps. And hearing people and plumbing noise all night to top it off. All because bookaroom.com deceived us with pics of the new remodeled ones which is not what we got. Resort fee jumped up an early check in at 10 dollars extra. Never will I stay here again. The only plus was with room was free tower view.
4	The tower! It's very cool and unique to Vegas. One thing to note from this review and it's super important: Don't assume this hotel is on the Strip! You can't walk to the strip from here. You can, but it's 30 mins to any major hotel and it's not exactly a walk I would feel safe taking my loved ones on! You will need a taxi to the strip OR downtown!The hotel itself is super nice. The rooms are remodeled and look fantastic, believe it or not! The staff is attentive and friendly. They've done a nice job putting lipstick on this pig! Just kidding. It's a nice place.
1	Worst hotel in Vegas!!! We made reservations before we left and drove all night to get there.  When we got there around 3, they said since we hadn't arrived by midnight our reservations were given to someone else.  They gave us a coupon for breakfast at the coffee shop (the food was not good, cold and overcooked) We went back to the check in and were told we had to wait a while longer, no rooms available!!! I asked to speak to the manager, it was about 5 am by this time.  They got him on the phone and I explained that I had a reservation that I had paid for and wanted my room right away. We are exhausted after 5 hour drive.  He told us he would have a room for us in 5 - 10 minutes.  We finally got a key and got to the room, opened the door and saw an ice chest sitting on the table, then saw 2 people in the dark, looking at us very scared.....we left immediatly and went back down to the desk and told them there were people in our room....they apologized and got us another room!!!  The second room was hideous with a view of an air conditioning unit....horrible.....we were so tired, but just couldn't rest, I called down to the desk and they said they would get us another room.  The next one had a woman inside, she was just getting out of the shower, we apologized and saw a security gaurd in the hallway and explained to him what was going on.  He called down to the desk for us and finally we got results, they put us in an upgraded room but still felt creep in this hotel!!! Would NEVER recommend this hotel, not even to my worst enemy!!! Horrible and smelled creepy!!! Do not, I repeat do not stay at this hotel!!! Plus it's way down at the skid row area of Vegas.  You can walk but have some good shoes. or a taxi, but it's a long ride.  My 1st and last time at this rat's hole!!
5	I LOVE the Stratosphere. The hotel is clean, the staff is super friendly, and there's a lot of different activities and places to eat! But when you stay there, you have to note these things:1. It's at the end of the strip. If you plan on going clubbing (besides the cool club at the top of the Tower) or sightseeing at the other hotels, don't expect that they're in super close walking distance. It's not a horrible distance, my friends and I walked pretty much the whole strip one night as long as you're not on a tight schedule and want to see everything, but the transit (which I have yet to have a negative experience with in my 7+ times using it) is super cheap and convenient. Plus, there's a stop right outside the hotel. $20 for a three day unlimited use pass!2. If you're going to get in significantly later than check-in time, you need to call to let them know. My boyfriend and I didn't get there until 4am after a super long road trip, but we called them at midnight and they were still super accomodating. Not to mention there wasn't a check-in line that early in the morning!3. The Stratosphere was one of the first places on the Strip. It's older, it's been remodeled, and it's not as ritzy glitzy as other Las Vegas hotels may be. My first time staying there, I called and made a reservation and got a free upgrade to a higher floor and a tower view!Ever since I signed up for my AcePlay card, I constantly receive deals and offers for rooms there. I went last month and paid under $50 (including the resort fees) for two nights! Plus, if you lose or forget to take your card out of the slot machines (whoops), they'll give you a couple extra for free.The first time we went we stayed in the Oasis Suite, and it was phenomenal. The jacuzzi tub was clean (and there's a bath and body store with bath bombs and soaps on the little mall thing inside the casino) and the bathroom was huge, plus the bed was comfy! And don't even get me started on the Tower itself... the staff there was so nice! My boyfriend is terrified of heights and I dragged him on the rides that hang off the sides. We were the only ones in line for the ride but the staff said they would wait for more people to get on if it made him feel more comfortable. On our second stay we checked out and forgot to go up to the tower, but the woman controlling the line said we could just show our receipt and say that we just checked out and they'd let us up there... and they did! Overall: great atmosphere, great staff, and a very comfortable stay. As long as you keep those three things in mind when you book a room here, you should be happy!
5	I loved this hotel so much, and i loved Vegas. The room was big, clean and at floor 24. It was fabulous. The staff was incredible polite and easy to talk with. The casino was really fun, even tough it was a better deal for them than for me ;)Nice food, incredible pool at lv 8, a lot of shops wich I loved. The only ting I noticed to be a minor weakness is the opening hours at the shops. To be in a city wich is never asleep, they should be open longet than 9 pm..And to the thrills at the roof..   OH MY GOOD! The one is sooo short,  but still the craziest thrill I ever seen. Scared the crap out of me ;)But, all over: I am really in love with this hotel and i cand and will recommend it to others :)
4	So there is that good ole' saying that you get what you pay for right? Well in this case I ended up only needing a hotel for an extra night while staying in Vegas and didn't want to pay anything over $100 just for less than 24hrs. I use the Orbitz mobile app and first hotel that popped up was the stratosphere for $29 a night! What a steal because after being a bit apprehensive to book this room do to the area of the strip it's located in, I got past that and gave this place the benefit of doubt. Sure enough when i checked into my room it actually was a pleasant surprise! WOW it had to have been in the renovated tower (Central) because the hallways were clean, free of that nasty smoke smell and the room was your basic over night room. If you need a quick place to crash for a crazy cheap price consider this place!
2	Disappointed, I was there 3 days/2 nights, I was never able to use the WiFi...same problem 5 years ago... Good accommodation for $40, the tower is the top..the gym, no comment!
3	so we checked in July 16 2014 the process took about 25 minutes and the girl we went to was new. She did have a trainer with her but she wasn't being much help. I booked this trip 4 months in advance and had a detailed description of what I needed. I needed  two beds in each room with adjoining rooms. Right away she told me  they didn't have  what i requested, and I started getting upset because I told her that I booked the rooms four months ago and I even called to confirm what I had needed. And the person on the phone told me it would not be a problem they had  my reservation exactly as I had requested. So the lady goes and talks to the manager comes back out and says oh we can give you a discount on an upgraded room usually it's $30 a night but will give it to you for 15 and that way you can have your joining rooms and two beds in their new upgraded tower. Which wasn't very well upgraded to say the least. The rooms are kinda small and the maids absolutely sucked. we had put the service sign up on the door so they can clean and they didn't show up til damn near 4 o'clock and all they did was make the bed. they left the trash cans full. And all the trash in the room . The water was shut off for 4-5 hours one day when we were there which was pretty ridiculous. we couldn't even flush the toilet and wash your hands in  our room. The nice part about this is that we found a lot of nice places to gamble in the hotel we met up with a pitboss named Mike, he is absolutely great he told us all kind of secrets and what we can do to get upgrades next time we come. we did a lot of gambling in the casino and drinking in the casino. everything was great except for the whole check in process and the water being out. There's a great little diner called roxys that's open 24 /7 inside the hotel. Other than that place so there's not really a lot to eat in the casino but it wasn't a big deal because the prices were reasonable. I would probably stay at this casino again if they can get my reservations right. We go to Vegas probably every 6 months for a couple days at least it would be nice to finally have a home days place that we know we can stay in Philadelphia round from hotel to hotel we all enjoyed the stratosphere except for the check in process in the crappy made those things can be overlooked in the the name of having good fun
3	We were doing a quick, 2 day trip just for fun and I found a good deal on a room at the Stratosphere.  I was a little disappointed in how far the hotel was from the main part of the Strip (it's about $20 for a taxi ride to the opposite end) but the room was pretty good.  We were on the 24th floor which was pretty quiet.  Not much of a view but the bed was big and comfortable.  The bathroom is split (toilet/shower and sink) and very small.  I wish there was a coffee maker in the room.  The hotel itself is much less crowded then all the other Strip ones we've been to which is fine is you're just planning on sitting at a table or machine to gamble.  We didn't see any of the shows offered there but we did go see the thrill rides which are pretty scary and entertaining to watch.  Restaurant selection is very mediocre but the Air Bar on the 107th floor is great.  If you're just looking for a clean, well priced room close-ish to the Strip, I'd say this was a good option.
1	Worst hotel ever. There was mold in our shower and it took them over an hour to come and clean it. Didn't offer any sort of compensation or anything. I will never stay here again.
3	Stratosphere is a decent place to stay especially if you are on a budget.  My room was comfortable and clean.  The casino is large and not smoky.  The restaurants were conveniently located throughout the casino floor with a lot more quick cheap options on the second floor.  The only drawback is it is a few extra minutes drive from the Strip.
2	I would've rated this an excellent experience,  however I paid for a premier room which are the higher level rooms with a view. I wanted a nice room for my wedding anniversary.  They gave us a cruddy handicap room on the 6th floor with a view of nothing. I was outraged, bc it was not a premier room that I had paid extra money for and then they told me all the premier rooms are booked and I could have a premier room tomorrow. I was only staying Vegas 2 nights. So half my trip I spent in a subpar room. And how were all the rooms booked even though I booked one. They reimbursed me a resort fee for one of the days. I felt that wasn't enough, but I didn't complain. I wanted to make the best of my trip. My husband and I were both disappointed and will not be staying there anymore. I felt that because we are young they felt that we weren't going to look into it or complain about it. When I first complained all she kept saying  was that I don't think you booked a premier room and there's none available. I have the receipt to prove it.  The other lady tried to say that it says subject to availability on the rooms on the receipt, but once again she was wrong. It said king or queen bed subject to availability. The first thing I did was read the fine print. They should just own up to their mistake or whatever it was instead of trying to make some lame excuse. I did end up getting the premier room on the 23rd floor the next day and it was way better than the level 6 room. It just would have been better if they would have have is the correct room that I paid for in the beginning. Good thing we had good food on the strip to make up for the crappy room. Our anniversary was saved by pampas Chusscaria. Oh and the tower was nice I can't deny it.
1	This was my first time staying at the Stratosphere and before coming I didn't have high expectations due to the price. I wish I could rate the man at the front desk who checked me in separately because he was just simply amazing. After leaving the front desk though, it started to go downhill. The weekend that I was in Vegas the weather ranged from being 102-107, and the air conditioner in the room was more like a small fan. There were two beds in the room and the air could only be felt on the bed CLOSEST to the fan. Walking in the room, we were greeted with a stuffy, hot atmosphere. Also, the bathroom got overwhelmingly hot, so that we had to keep the door open while taking a shower so we wouldn't have a heat stroke. The bathtub/shower was so high from the floor that I almost fell getting out of it at least twice, and NO I was not drunk. All in all, I would never stay here again it's too far from the strip and I've stayed at better hotels in Vegas that weren't that much more expensive.
1	Will never stay again...room was not clean...there was hair in the sink and shower, shower fixtures were rusty, $2 showerhead barely had pressure, tv didnt work when we arrived,,,it took over 2 hours for someone to come fix it.  Over a 4 night stay, housekeeping never offered new towels or linen...restaurant offerings were poor quality...the hallways floors on the 14th floor were never cleaned over our stay there...debris all over the hall carpet and we observed a large chunk of food that sat near one of the elevators for 3 days.  I was happy that I had clorox disinfectant wipes with me because I had to use them to clean the room myself. Since the room wasn't clean, I was definitely not interested in checking out the pool. This was my first visit to Vegas so we spent our time visiting other hotels and casinos and doing tours and other activities and only slept and showered the best that we could with the poor shower head and water pressure.  I will gladly spend more for my hotel on my next Vegas visit to be more comfortable.
1	Called and spoke with Jackie at housekeeping asking for an extra blanket. She said they do not have extra blackest but can give us sheets instead. I said yes and she will send some up. It's been over an hour and they have not come. It's 1:30am don't think they wi be coming. Very disappointed.
4	We enjoyed staying here. The rooms were nice and the food was great. However, at night I would not recommend walking the strip in that area. It's not a very good area. The hotel is also considered "downtown" if you're taking a shuttle. So it's extra cost despite it being on the strip. Showtime shuttle said it's closer to downtown that's why the rate is higher. Due to the area at night, we will not stay there again.
5	my wife and i love this place. its also a great place to take kids. we have stayed here several times. good rooms at a great price. i just wish they would hook peolpe up with a room after spending several days there. always clean and helpful. the check in process always takes a minute but its worth your time.
1	Never Again.  I got this place on Priceline last minute because hotels were so expensive and I just needed a place to crash.  BAD MOVE.  This place is terrible.It is super ghetto (interpret as you will) people roaming the halls extremely drunk.  Some guy was banging on my door in the middle of the night to come in.  I kept telling him to leave he was screaming.  I called security and they never came.  Then on the ride down the elevator in the morning there was puke on the floor and it wreaked. I have stayed at many hotels in vegas but this has to be the worst run ever.  Maybe someone else has a better experience to tell but my experience was so terrible I had to write a negative review.
1	Affordable hotel to stay in if staying with your college friends, but if you can afford to go to another one, go for it.I stayed with three of my friends in a room of four (with two king-sized beds).The service is unprofessional, especially the housekeeping department.Doing just one of the two beds and forgetting to change the sheets? Shameful.But stealing items and denying it cause "we don't have proof"? Unacceptable.Just an honest review from a girl who never write some!
1	Ok so I stayed here for the weekend and I really feel like I should've rolled around town with my luggage. I got there early and had to pay an additional $30 for early check in and resort fees. Ok I get that but $30 is a bit extreme when people check in early all the time. I got to the "only" room available and instantly started praying because I felt it would ruin my weekend. They gave me a smoking room and it smelled so bad I got sick and couldn't breath. I went to my friends room and stayed there until it was time for us to go to dinner. When I went to the front desk I was told "Well ma'am that's what you paid for when you checked in early". I couldn't believe that. I only was able to be in my room a total of 2 hours a day. I spent $345 for a room I simply could not stay in. I had 3 other friends who stayed here and after going to their rooms I felt punked!! My room conditions were embarrassing to my friends. By the way I never got my room cleaned the whole three days so I went to cvs to buy towels and face towels. I was very surprised by this experience.
2	Price was ok I guess.... But that's about it. Resort fee was a joke.. Cockroaches were literally riding up the elevator with me.. Also make sure u avoid self parking at all costs. Because when your tires get slashed they will literally do nothing to help you.. Asking them to file a report is useless because they didn't get pictures of the slashed tires while they were on the car (sorry not trying to have the tires go flat while I wait on the Parking garage "security" to come take pics) spent $400 on new tires and the hotel said they can't do anything to reimburse us because it was self park.. Which is understandable... But then they state that they can't even look at the cameras and no one in the hotel has the authority to do so.We were not provided with a do not disturb sign (apparently just the top floors have those) so the maids walked in on us twice.. Luckily we were dressed. Started pouring rain....... And the ceiling in the hotel started leaking... Definently will spend the extra money to stay somewhere closer to the strip next time.
1	Where do I start??? The staff is rude, inconsiderate, and gives terrible directions as to where you need or want to go. It took us almost an hour to check in. There were 15 check in terminals at the counter,  and three attendants manning the counters...  After checking in, we decided we would further patronize the facility, and eat at their buffet (which was a BIG mistake!) After spending $50 for two to eat at their "magnificent" buffet, we discovered we could've had better food at McDonald's for a fraction of the price. The food was aged, no sea food to speak of, and what food we did end up eating- was very sub - par in quality.  VERY DISAPPOINTED! If you want a good Vegas experience,  stay and eat elsewhere!  They likely do have the best views around Vegas, but that's ALL the Stratosphere has going for it! HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE!
2	Don't go by the looks. Bad room (I had booked a premium room ). Shower in the room is a joke. Only positive thing is free tickets to Frankie's show. Definitely not coming back
1	Bad hotel. Don't waste time or money. I know now why they give great deals and then ask u to upgrade. Rooms are lousy, no coffee maker, bathroom are shabby. Rooms look like motel rooms. La Quinta inn does a better job than them. Disconnected from the strip. Poor. I don't know why I booked rooms with them. Smh..
2	Been this place for Rides and buffet. Rides are fun but buffet is the worst ever buffet i ever had in my whole life. Food is cold and smells bad. Never go to this place for buffet and area is also different and not nice. Better to stay around flamingo area
1	I had made a reservation specifically for a strip view room. When I got here I was offered a smoking room. I said that's not possible due to health issues. Then they offered me 1 bed despite there being a total of 3 people. Now I'm in a craptasric room "premiere"? Premiere what? Premiere Vegas a$$hole view? The least they could have done was upgraded my room. I would have accepted whatever view I had to take with a better room. Will never ever stay here again based off the crap customer service alone. The only reason I am staying is cause I had my credit card already on file and paid for some of my stay when I booked.ND - August 12 2014
3	Not the best not the worst. Loved that the pool was cold when it was #110 out. Faucet was old and rusted. Lady wanted a ti ppl after she got auto 18% and a service charge. Buffett was soso but for $20 not bad at all. Some oeople were rude and pushy here. K ady was walking around tg he floi r banging silverware together. She looked like the manager. Super annoying.
4	I just got back from my first trip to the Stratosphere. I had a Select room and I totally loved the place!Just the right amount of crowded, outstanding service by everyone I encountered, and I didn't feel like I was constantly being ripped off like most other strip places. Played volleyball at the pool, ate at Roxy's (2x) and McCall's Heartland Grill...both had gluten free options for the wife too. Saw the Frankie Moreno show for free, which was one of the best show's I've seen. Lots of bars, restaurants, and stuff to do. Also the area outside the hotel was fine during the day, and will probably continue to get better when SLS and Walgreens opens.Strat has won a spot in my hotel rotation.
4	My review is strictly for the attraction at the top. Like Billy Idol in his song, "Blue Highway," I went to the top of the Stratosphere! I know, it's corny....For $20 a person, you can get a great view of Vegas. It's extra, if you dare to ride on the many hair raising attractions available. We came here early in the day and the wait wasn't too long. We went up over a hundred stories high and were let out at the indoor observation area. There, you can watch brave and adventurous people jump out onto the target. Very cool, but not my cup of tea. We climbed up another story and there's a roller coaster that plummets off the edge and hangs. There's also another coaster in which you just shoot straight up into the air. All very cool rides but I just came for the view. I later found out that I can return any time until they close. I didn't get a chance to return for the sun setting but glad I got the chance to see the view here!
3	For a basic hotel, I would give them 5 stars, but for an on-the-strip hotel and casino, particularly one that's connected to a landmark seen all over the city, I expected a bit more.It wasn't a bad hotel room.  It was comfortable and clean, but it wasn't the type of room you'd expect to see in Vegas.  It was just like any holiday/days inn or even econo lodge.  It's also on the seedier side of the strip, which can make a lot of tourists uncomfortable.  I also a Vegas resident (sometimes), so I'm used to it.  But if you'd prefer to stay away from the underbelly of Vegas, go to the opposite end of the strip.All-in-all, if you have a strict budget and don't mind the area, get a room here. But if you're looking for a more Vegas-y experience and don't want to deal with the bad part of town, seek a room elsewhere.
3	Decent hotel to stay for a couple of nights. Rates are good. Went to their buffet for breakfast...ehhh just mediocre, gets the job done. The location- it is at the very beginning of the strip so be prepared with your walking shoes to get to middle of the strip or take a taxi. We stayed for 2 nights and took a taxi for a total of 4 times (15 bucks each way) probably could have used our taxi money and stayed at a hotel in the middle of the strip but that's okay we had a good time! If you book a room here you get unlimited trips to the tower that has a gorgeous view of the city!
3	Check-in was a quick process. Was upgraded to a high roller room. The phone didn't work, but eh I've got a cell phone. Hotel was nice. There was a $5 blackjack table :-) The pool was very nice and kid friendly. One thing that I would improve on though is when I ordered drinks by the pool, first they said they would take the coupon for 1 free drink, then once drinks were ordered, they said they wouldn't. At that point the drinks were already being drunk, then the computer was down so we couldn't charge it to the room. At that point the drinks were already half way gone. Who carries cash anymore (especially at the pool) at the end of it all, they took the almost finished drinks back. Was kinda lame...
1	Worst room ever so far in my life. We paid $100/- night and still got the lowest floor (5th) n wall facing view. Horrible experience during check-in. I will NOT suggest or Recommend anyone this hotel.
4	Steakhouse is set on level 107. It's around 800 feet towering above the strip and.... It rotates at a full spin every half an hour. Sitting near the outer rim can take some acclimation to the movement but it makes the steak house interesting. The Italian restaurant Fellini's has a cool atmosphere. The food has good size portions and was tasty. Warm service, good food, and I left satisfied. McCalls is the newest edition. Large menu and big variety. Usually fast service but I'd imagine it could get busy. Portions are actually small here. Roxy's diner is just that. A fast paced fun diner that actually has a server that sings... And sings good. Old Marlon Brando and Elvis movies play on the screen. Nightly show called pinup features Claire Sinclair who was playmate of the year in 2011. It's a variety show based on the months of the year. A 'calendar girl'. Impressive music performed live and even included in some of the performance. Talented dancers that display their special talents in different ways throughout the two hour show. Top of the world also has rides, a bar, and a carver station. Rooms are fair but depending on your neighbors, can be hard to relax unless that's what you want. Parking is good. Location is set just in between downtown and the strip and the clientele is just that...A mix of locals and tourists.Shortly after writing this review, I attended a special labor day weekend meet and greet with the cast of pinup after seeing the show. I was actually having a very bad week but that party at the club 107 was ahhhhmazing. I had such a good time that I went to pinup again the very next night.
3	Place to be in Las Vegas. Don't miss on the rides here, if you love thrill.. Hotel room was Ok for night stay but did not had a refrigarator...
4	OK, so check this out.  I know I have been long dormant with the Yelp reviews (bad girl, BAD GIRL!), so to make it up to ya'll, I am now embarking on a casino-by-casino tour of my new hometown of LV, NV, and will include reviews of each as I tour them.  Now, these will not include room stays, but just schlepping around the premises - eating, drinking, and checking out anything that moves or doesn't move.  Got it? OK, let's proceed...Review #7:this was a pleasant surprise; after touring the casino area, which to me has a bit of an outdated feel (even though the Strat only dates back to 1996), I wasn't too impressed and was ready to give it a "3" rating at best; but then found a pretty good place to eat called McCall's Heartland Grill, and a semi-decent shopping level (who knew?); but the clear drawing card here is the tower (duh!); first of all, go outside on the street level and look up at it - very impressive!; then just tell them that you're going up to one of the bars (107 Lounge or AirBar) and you get a fast elevator ride, from which you can even access the outdoor observation deck for free; truly amazing 360 degree views of the valley; and you can watch the lunatics bungee jumping and going on the crazy rides; I easily spent an hour up here; best craft brew bet = few & far between, but McCall's has a few on tap
1	I can't believe where I stay. How they can keep that hotel in vegas, and why they said: hotel, its really Motel. Room without any comments... Management you need really renovation immediately or go out of business. When you do check in before 3pm, they charge you 10.00$ its not normally. Cheap & Old Motel.
5	My husband and I came for a little getaway and to get married. So we decided to stay at the stratosphere. At first we thought it might just be a what ever hotel we had never been inside of it. I thought that because of the awesome price it must have a down side. Well as soon as we got there there is valet parking very nice and helpful young men always smiling. We walk in to check in hassle free we were there maybe 5 min and had someone take care of us and we upgraded our room to an amazing view! The bathroom was very nice so was the room very cozy and neat and nicely decorated too The atmosphere is very loud in the casino but the room was nice and quiet the first night we got married had a great time we went up to the tower. It's free to go up when you stay at the hotel the lounge there is so amazing it has a breath taking view of he whole city and your mouth just drop open in amazement! Although if your not to good with heights your legs will get a tingle in them lol my husband was Afraid bit got over it the next day. The hotel it's self has so many things to keep you occupied. Our second night we were out and about the city and it's very easy to get back and forth from the hotel every thing is close. We came back to the hotel to see the pin up show it's great music dancers and the men love it since the girls get to show a little more but not every thing  as a women I enjoyed it very much the music and dancing is just great!  Today was our check out date and let me tell you it was even faster than the check in! If I could give more stars I would it's great I loved it and will definitely recommend to friends and family . Thank you stratosphere for making this an unforgettable stay!
3	My boyfriend, a few friends and I did a one night stay-cation here.  I.would really give the hotel a 3 1/2 star rating.  It was a reasonable price.for a weds night stay.  If you are a guest at the stratosphere you are allowed access to the observation deck and lounge.  The view is worth checking out, I wouldn't get on any of the $$$ rides.Stratosphere is right in the center between downtown and the main part of the strip.  It can be a little sketchy at times.  I had a lady who hit me up for a dollar more than once and a guy who kept trying to sell me discounted cigarettes out of a plastic bag. Eh, that's how people in that neighbourhood behave at times.  A little riff raff but usually security seems too catch most.people.bothering.people who are just trying to gamble in peace. Just don't offer anyone help or money and you'll be fine.
2	This had to be the worse hotel I ever stayed at!!!! I didn't expect Bellagio accommodations, but I certainly didn't expect Motel 8 either. I paid for the upgrades but I had a view of Denny's not the strip as paid and the room was so small I just wanted to cry. The elevator was broken so we had to wait in line to get on and that wasn't even that big of an issue since it was Vegas I was in no rush to get to my room but never, never, ever will I stay here again. I
1	I live in Las Vegas and so I try to take guests who come to visit to fun and interesting places.  We have friends visiting from the UK so last Wednesday we thought it would be fun to go to this property and head up to the Level 107 Lounge to watch the sun set over the desert.  I turned our car over to the valet and we headed up to the lounge.  And wanting to be fair, we had a great time up there.  our server, Irene, was amazing and the view was indeed spectacular.  After enjoying ourselves for a few hours, we headed back down to collect our car.  After handing our claim check to the attendant, we waited only a few minutes before he returned, but our car was nowhere in sight.  He approached me and told me there was a problem with the rubber strip on the bottom of the front bumper and it was coming off.  I asked to see my car and he led me to an area  around the corner with no lighting where he had parked it after retrieving from the valet lot.  It was dark and difficult to see, but he was correct, the strip on the right side of the bumper was loose and laying on the ground.  I asked what they were going to do about it (it was not damaged when I delivered it into their care, although they would later claim it was).  He said security would have to be called and a report made and asked if I wanted to do that.  I said of course and so I waited for security... and waited.  When he finally rolled up on his bicycle, I was treated rudely.  He asked me to fill out a form with a statement as to what had happened.  In the meantime, he took photos of my car (I had already taken mine while I waited for him to arrive).  I handed him my signed statement and then asked if when I would be contacted.  He said I could call Risk Management (which is Straro-speak for, "We are going to screw you") tomorrow morning after 8:00 AM but could or would not provide me with a name or a phone number to call.  Not to worry, I speak Google.  I called Risk Management to following morning well after 8:00 AM giving them plenty of time to review the report I made as well as a report security made and was connected to a young man named Mike who said he didn't refuse to give me his last name but wouldn't in spite of multiple requests for him to do so.  He informed me the hotel was denying the claim because the damage preexisted when I dropped the car off to them.  That's interesting because the valet asked my spouse while I was with security if the car was damaged before and they were told in no uncertain terms that it was not.  Mike also was rude and condescending much like the security  person the previous night.  I think this must be a corporate core value.  Here's the funny part (at least to me).  The damage is minor and will cost less than $150 to repair, and only that much because the strip that needs replacing is a dealer part.  So they seem intent on chasing away my business and that of my friends who come to visit.  It's really okay with me.  Any business that refuses a $150 claim at the expense of chasing off $800-$1000 worth of business from me and my friends annually deserves exactly what they get.  The High Roller at the Linq will replace the spectacular views.
4	just stayed at the stratosphere for 10 days.......and my room was very clean...bed was comfortable . pretty helpful and attentive staff.great price (except the extra $200+ resort fee) we also enjoyed the pin up show...and the fact they turn the theatre into a great spot to watch nfl games on sunday.....AAA++++...i'll b back
1	Was truly looking forward to this stay.  Booked over the phone since I was not able to book multiple rooms.  Was promised a king-sized bed in each.  When checking in (Longer than it takes at LAX--and on a Monday) was told there were none available.Asked if they could apply my Senior discount, and was told that there was no such thing.  I said I don't know what you're talking about, look at your website.  He then came back and said you're already getting a 30% discount and the senior discount is only 10%.  I said that's not true.  The rate I paid is 17% less than what your site quotes as your "Regular" rate.  The site also promises a Senior discount on top of the rate you select.  Could he apply it now?  "No sorry, once you've checked in I can't do anything."I'm not quibbling about their prices per se, but their dishonesty and lack of respect for their guests.  Go to someplace honest!
4	Very pleasant stay at the Stratosphere. We showed up and there was a bag of towels in our room that were dirty and the sink wouldnt drain... BUT we called to tell them and the instantly upgraded our room to the new tower. It was modern and lovely next time i go i will absolutley rent a tower room... its worth the extra. Happy we got it comp'd but next time i will pay the difference. Staff was friendly. ROXY's was yummy and quick. the hotel all around was a great experience
4	Not sure about all the negative reviews. We had a good experience. We stayed at the Stratosphere because we were eloping and the location was convenient the Neon Museum, where we were having our ceremony. Yes you walk into the lobby, which is full of slot machines and people smoking cigarettes. But our stay was fine. Our room, 6203, was in a non smoking section. The room was clean and bed was very comfortable and quiet. The electric went out one night in our bathroom, but the staff took care of it right after we called. We also need additional hangers, which were brought upstairs immediately. There is no fridge, microwave or coffee maker, but we ended up not really having a need for any of those.Because of our schedule, we ended up having breakfast daily at the hotel (Roxys Diner...where you can get the normal breakfast even yoghurt, granola and berries) and a nighttime draft beer at McCall's Heartland Grill (salad with steak was very good). Everyone at the hotel was helpful & pleasant. Definitely check out the top floors (106th - 109th  )which include an inside 360 degree observation deck and bar and an exterior deck where you can see the crazy "rides" that hang off the side of the building! There is a very good restaurant called Top of the World, which rotate slowly 360 degrees for a full view of the city. The food was great and not overly expensive for what it is.Just don't get sucked into going on a tour for a time share..which they try to get you into if you ask for a shuttle or taxi!!
3	We have gone to Lounge 107 several times for happy hour before shows or dinner. Fellini's Italian restaurant on first floor has been phenomenal. Also, Frankie Moreno is a must see show. Pay an extra $11 so you can pick a VIP table. It's worth it. I am not cheap and if I have a discount on food I tip generously on the full amount of the original bill. However, at Lounge 107, we had a party of six for half price drinks. Beware that they take advantage and charge you a tip of 18% for the party of six or more which is no problem except they tack it on to what the bill would have been without happy hour. We had one round of drinks delivered for the six of us and the tip added was over $37. I think this policy is totally out of line for one trip to the table.
1	Okay so I show up at 7:30 am and ask to check in early.  I know that there is an early check in fee because when I called the night before they told me $20.  When I check in the front desk clerk says its $30 because I'm checking in before 10am.  CRAZY!! but at this point I am already here, so yes charge me the extra $30.  Then she tells me I am booked for a standard room and I say yes.  She ask would you like to upgrade to our renovated part of the hotel, I ask is it a standard room?  Yes, she replies...then what is the upgrade if it is a standard room?  Is the upgrade the renovation?  The hotel at this point is on my get the hell out like in a horror film.  I ask for a non smoking room the room she gives me smells worse then the hallway.  The rooms are old and dingy, while housekeeping does a good job at keeping the room clean because it is so old is looks dirty.  This hotel should not be given such a high rating on any hotel search site.  It lacks luster and over charging for basically the same room at the hotel 6.  Other people Yelp are much to kind to rate the hotel at a 3-star....It really is worse.
1	AVOID AT ALL COSTS!! RAW SEWAGE is considered acceptable and unworthy of a comp. Since 0 or negative stars aren't an option, 1 star is the lowest rating I can give. Check in Wednesday, October 8th: informed our room wasn't available and we were offered a larger room at the same rate, and a later check out time. The "larger room" was 2 floors below with a "view" of the rooftop generators. When we tried to use the jacuzzi tub, raw sewage started bubbling from the shower drain and bar sink. The smell was nauseating as you can imagine, and when we reported this to the hotel maintenance they didn't arrive for 2 HOURS! After our flight we just wanted to relax in our room. Unfortunately, our room smelled like a cesspool and the rattle and hum of the generators was constant and annoying. Also the carpet by the sink, was saturated which we believed was from the shower drain, but was assured it was a leak from the fridge. When maintenance arrived they were unable to fix the sewage leak, so we were relocated AGAIN to another room. Although the plumbing worked, we were on a lower floor and directly across from the rooftop generators. (Stratosphere was aware of a plumbing issue between the 3-13 floors because we were advised that the plumbing would be turned off for 3 hours on Thursday for "maintenance.") After speaking to "hotel management" we were assured that we would be comped our first night's stay, since we had to change our rooms twice due to their mistakes. The generator's rumblings were louder due to them being directly outside our window, but at least our room didn't wreak of sewage. When we checked out Friday, we were under the impression that we would be comped the first night due to the phone call we received, but were advised they weren't aware of any issue despite the fact our hotel resort fee was refunded. Why would the resort fee be refunded unless there was an issue? You weren't AWARE of it and it wasn't NOTED anywhere? That sounds pretty suspicious to me. After explaining our situation to the supervisor, she said they don't do room comps, but could offer a later check out time. I again mentioned the raw sewage and she retorted that they don't comp out rooms. Since our flight wasn't until 8pm, we decided to take the late check out and drop our luggage off in the room. We were assured that our old key cards would work. Surprise, surprise, the keys were deactivated and we had to fall back in line to reactivate our keys. While we were in our room changing into our street clothes, maintenance knocked on our door because our check in was still noted at 1pm and not 5pm. We had to inform him that our check out time was changed recently, but they didn't bother to inform him. In conclusion, don't book at Stratosphere. You will NOT get the room you book, just whatever room is available.  If a sewage leak is found, you'll be downgraded to an even crappier room. If they claim to comp anything get it in writing because they don't honor their word. If they offer you a later check out time, make sure they re-key your cards and maintenance is informed. WORST HOTEL experience EVER!!
4	Even though the Stratosphere hotel is not as modern as the Venetian or Bellagio or Caesars Palace or Palazzo just to name a few..Still it was able to sustain its iconic name as one of the pillars of that makes up the Las Vegas. Just being on top of the tower, over looking the million of colors that lights up the city. man made beauty.
3	Not bad for the price. Room was clean. Bed wasn't very comfortable, but sufficient. I would advise not walking around outside the hotel late at night, especially as a female. The neighborhood is sketchy and dark.  The diner inside is open 24 hours and was pretty good quality and price. Must do the rides on top of the hotel!! Expensive but fun!
3	I was extremely disappointed with my recent stay. The room I had was very dated, furniture and light fixture from the 80's. The picture of the room on the website is nothing compared to what I received at check in. Advertise to be on the strip which isn't in a nice neighborhood or in walking distance to "The Strip". I guess it's true you get what you pay for !!!!!
4	I had such an enjoyable time here that it earned them an extra star.  Okay, so it's located at the end of the strip and the surroundings take a decided turn for the worse about one intersection away.  I expected this so it wasn't a big deal, but I was worried about my gf's impression as this was her first Vegas trip.  We arrived about 10:30 pm.  The self-service lot is a lot less sketchy than some of the others we ended up using; I had no concerns parking.  Check in was painfully slow, and we were plagued by foreign tourists that had very different attitudes re: private space.  I was feeling pretty violated by the time another employee arrived.  They did not have the room I'd reserved (and prepaid for), so we were given the only other alternative, which was two queen beds and a beautiful view of the tower (and casino roof).  The room was otherwise nice enough, except that the curtains were broken and we were only able to draw the blackout curtain halfway.  I was very impressed with the professionalism and helpfulness of the staff.  However, if you're a couple and someone from the staff approaches you and asks if you're married, be prepared for a sales pitch.  This happened a few times by the escalators/Starbucks area.  Annoying. It takes a long, long time to collect jackpots at the slots, and the entire time you're left sitting at the machine with little explanation...you can't even use the machine until it's reset.  But I'm not complaining too much...I was very happy that I managed to win that much.  We ended up giving a lot of that money back, but we had a very, very good time.  And we'll definitely be taking them up on those free nights....
3	The only reason I went this far down the strip was for the sky jump (awesome by the way, seriously people do it!) we took the tram from the strip to the hotel. Okay so let me put it this way. When you take the tram to a hotel on the strip you end up some place nice. When you take the tram to this location you end up in the ghetto. A random stop where you have to walk down stairs and into the ghetto neighborhood around the stratosphere. For the love of Jesus himself don't make my mistake and do this after the sun goes down. You will more than likely get mugged or shot. When I did jump off the top of the needle I looked down and saw lots of police lights in the neighborhood around the hotel. Overall moral of the story: take a taxi
5	Without having to bid on priceline, I got a special nightly rate for only $67 from Amoma.com. The room is big, nice and clean. The hotel has several restaurants and the one I like the best is the Italian Restaurant. One of the nice things about this hotel is just located a couple block away from the strip and walking to the strip isn't a challenge. I also like about the big nice pool there .
2	Back to their old tricks. On my last two trips, the A/C was not working in either room. As a matter of fact, I only have ever stayed in the "Select" rooms, so these are allegedly the renovated ones. After waiting in line 30+ minutes after 9pm to Check In, I was horrified that my room was the one on the end, next to the vending and ice machine (this is my first stay actually having seen these machines they are so hidden). Anyway, No. The room looked great and the A/C worked and it looked clean except the last filthy low life smoked illegal narcotics in the room. Yep. The drug of choice for low lifes: marijuana. Guess what? I'm allergic!  My allergies were ruined for 2 days all because of that.  So I had to march all the way down back to the lobby, wait in line again, and had the very nasty Greek lady tell me I should take a non smoking room otherwise they would not switch me again...oh yes they would I stay here every month..Anyway, the new room did not smell but *everything* that was not bolted down was stolen. No Ash Tray, No Cups, No Bible (and yes I read it especially in Las Vegas). The A/C in the room hardly worked at all, the hallway was cooler. I noticed the floor looked dirty and what initially appeared to be rust around the base of the plastic bath tub. I put 2 and 2 together pretty quickly and figured out that housekeeping did a lousy job or the toilet was simply left overflowed for a few days and never cleaned up hence the stains. IDC if the rooms are either free or next to free but I may just start paying to stay where I play when they don't comp me. I was just here for a job interview that was a complete waste of my time.
1	Disclaimer: A lengthy review but I feel it'll help for families especially. I'll summarize the key points:- Greedy, unethical and bad customer service by the management. The employees and workers themselves are nicer though.- Nothing special in the resort for which you're charged 18-35 per night. - Even their remodeled premium rooms are at par with a Holiday Inn at best. - Poorly ventilated lobby and casino.- Be sure to check your bill on checkout!I'm writing this after giving Stratosphere a second chance. The first time was last year when I came to visit Vegas with my friends. We were rarely in the hotel so a lot of things went unnoticed or we didn't care for them. But on checkout we were charged ~50 bucks evidently for some paid programming. I didn't make sense coz firstly, we didn't watch any paid TV and secondly, we had gone to the Grand Canyons that day! When I requested them to recheck and give us a refund, the front desk person went back to talk to their manager. While she offered to revert the charge, she was very disgruntled about it and even said "we'll let it go this time but next time you will have to pay for it". It was the total opposite of what good customer service is about. One would expect an apology or "we'll look into it for you" at the least. I wonder if it was one of their housekeeping folks taking the liberty in our room since we were gone all day, but it surely wasn't us and that wasn't the way to handle the situation for sure!In any case, this year I gave them a second chance when I decided to go with my family (wife and a 2 year old). BIG MISTAKE. For families considering the Stratosphere Hotel, especially with younger kids/babies, this is NOT the place to stay. You will be better off staying a little off the strip if you don't want to pay for a higher end hotel on the strip. And here are the reasons I say this:1. Our kid is a very picky eater. We prepared his meals from home and figured any hotel would have a microwave and refrigerator. Not this one. The refrigerator was 10 bucks extra per night. I don't know if that's the standard offering on Vegas strip hotels now, but I'm pretty sure a Holiday Inn could've offered better. As for the microwave, they said it was a health and safety hazard, so they don't even offer them for a fee anymore. I had to ask around and a nice lady working at the Starbucks told me that the Circle K gas station across the street had a microwave I could use. So that saved the trip for us. 2. I get the sense that Stratosphere's employees are nice, but their management is greedy and has the wrong idea of good customer service. One of the housekeeping people even said they can find us a microwave, but never came back. So at least she offered. One of the fast food places in their retail shops area had two nice employees who even offered to warm up my kid's food once I explained them the situation. By the time I came back with the food to warm it up, the owner of the fast food place was present. And he would not let me warm up my kid's food! I assured him there was no health hazard since the food was in a sealed microwave safe container. His explanation: the baby could burn his mouth and it would be an insurance issue on him. Again - I was appalled at how their management was concerned about their own ass and didn't care for a customer's child who was hungry. 3. It's not all about the kid's food or the lack of a micro or fridge. They pitch their newly remodeled "premier" rooms as if they're the hottest thing out. Forget about offering a free upgrade. It's all about squeezing the extra bucks for them. Said rooms were only up to par with other retail chain hotel rooms. Not terrible to be fair, but nothing special either.4. Also be prepared for a resort fee between 18-35 dollars per night. Mandatory. That would be acceptable except that there really isn't much they offer as a resort. The pool on the 8th floor is boring compared to those at other places. It was messy, dull and poorly organized. I used the pool only once on each trip and both times felt no need to revisit. The tower access is free for anyone and so is access to the observation deck.5. The entrance lobby is dull, gloomy and smokey. Very uninviting and again, not well ventilated for children.
2	My husband and I came here in July for one night (a Monday night) at this hotel.  We had never stayed at Stratosphere before, but we were already on that end of the Strip, so we decided to chance it for a night for $30.  We wanted to check in before noon, but that wasn't happening unless we paid $20 extra.  No thanks.  I was able to pay and do all of the paperwork, but they were not going to give us the key to our room unless we paid that $20.  We checked our bags and off we went to grab lunch.After 3pm (normal check in time), I had to stand in line again, just to get my room key and officially check in (even though at noon, I had done all the paperwork and paid).  Seemed a little silly to me, but whatever.  The line was long and not moving very fast.  I noticed while in line that there were a lot of families at this hotel.Got checked in, got a basic room w/ a king sized bed.  Definitely nothing fancy.  Check out was just as bad as check in (at 730 in the morning!).  Long line, one worker.  It took FOREVER.  The casino was fine, it kept me busy for a while.  The shops seemed empty and the workers seemed bored.  Not a lot of foot traffic for a Monday.With our room reservation, we were able to visit the observation deck for free. That was nice.  Standing in another LONG line to get up to the observation deck was not so nice.  But once we got up there, it was cool.  Enough room to roam around, great views, and rides if you dared (we didn't).  We did notice a lot of kids.It was fine for a night, but I probably wouldn't stay there again.
3	If this is your first time in Vegas, note that this hotel is located at the far end of the strip, away from the vibrant lights.  For this reason, I would not stay at the Stratosphere, and recommend one of the hotels at the core of the strip.  The interior of this hotel is clean, well maintained, and has the basic amenities, but the atmosphere in the lobby and casino is somber, and a bit depressing.  I would pay more for a room near the center of the strip, where all the action takes place.  Make it a fun trip, and enjoy your stay.  With a bit of research, you should be able to find a good deal at the heart of the strip.What the Stratosphere lacks are live music and a club that draws a large crowd to the hotel.  A few of the hotels have live music blaring near the casino, which brings life to the atmosphere.  Others have a popular club that everyone talks about when they're in Vegas.  Unfortunately, the Stratosphere has neither, which adversely impacts your experience at the hotel.
2	I am so disappointed in the valets customer service. I had no one directing me for my car so when I pulled up I pulled up in a spot so I wouldn't block a walkway. I got out of my car and pulled out everything myself and set it on the side of my car. And stood waiting for someone for a few min. Finally a guy starts waving at me to pull my car forward. I said I'm not going to put all my stuff back in my car to drive up 10 feet. He proceeded to roll his eyes at me and came over and told me that I needed to pull my car up. He made me have to leave my stuff sitting on the sidewalk so I could pull the car up myself. They were all rude to me and had terrible customer service. I work at the Wynn and this kind of thing would never ever happen there EVER!
1	If you like staying at the slums and love horrible customer service, I would recommend this place.  Talk about a waste of money. From the time that you call and reserve your hotel, the phone CSRs sound like they don't want to be at their job......Seriously.  They sound unmotivated.  Their attitude is ""next.."
1	The one thing I have kept on saying while I stay at this hotel was... You get what you pay for. We stayed for two nights at this hotel last weekend. I noticed there is plumbing problem in the bathtub. I called technician three times over the two days and guess what. No one sent anybody to our room. For 2 nights 3 days, three girls had to take shower in the bathtub that won't drain ever and it was nesty!!! I chose this hotel for the good price and I heard it has a good view of Vegas strip. I only saw some brown-back side of parking structure. Hotel staff and hotel operators were not friendly and even rude. Never going back to this hotel again
5	My boyfriend and I stayed here for 3 nights with a group of friends. For the price i didn't expect anything, but I would say I had a wonderful experience there. My boyfriend forgot his toothbrush, and the housekeeping lady gave him a bunch and even some extra stuff. The room was clean and nice. The hotel gave us some complementary coupons for the buffet - it's ok but we had a good time there. We went to the top of the tower, and it was amazing that you could take those scary rides and see LV Blvd at the same time lol
1	First of all, my wife and  I live in Vegas. I work for Clark County. I made a reasonable request. I wanted a non-smoking room. The first 2 reserevationis taccepted my request without question, accept they kept on dropping my calls during the reservation. The third time, a narcisistic reservation agent (She seemed to apologize but turned around and said they never drop calls), quoted policy and procedure and said that she could not guarantee the other request. She gleefully handed me over to her supervisor. He backed her up and offered a refund. I have been going to the Stratosphere with my wife for seven years. This was to be our seventh wedding anniversary there. We were not asking for a bottle of champagne or any special favors. Everyttime we have been there, they had to move us to another room because something was always wrong, smoke filled rooms, toilets broken, broken a/c. Thanks Francisco! You admitted your company doesn't give a crap about it's customers!
4	The casino is pretty dead, I'm not too sure about the rooms because i havent stayed but all the tourist attractions they have available there is the reason why i'm giving them 4 stars! the bar/lounge on the top floor with the killing thriller rides on the top is what makes this place cool!
1	Motels provide better service than this hotel. Stay away. First thing: their wifi does not work. When we called about it, they sent a technician up to our room but he couldn't fix it either. He then disclosed that they've been having problems with the wifi, but only in the particular area where our room is. Lies. Wifi does not work no matter where you are in the hotel. Our rental car got hit by the valets, and we had to file a claim. They apologized. Concierge whose job is to provide information gave us the wrong information, causing us a 30 minutes walk. Our room was not serviced even though we left a sign requesting it outside or door. We left that morning at 11am and returned at 6pm. We called down to housekeeping twice to no avail. When we asked the front desk, they told us that "technically room are serviced every 3 days unless requested," which I pointed out we did. They insisted protocol is every 3 days unless requested.
4	I didn't have any problems! Room could've used better lighting but I guess that's Vegas. Other than that, clean contemporary room. Nice bathrooms and the hotel seems to have a bounty of activities although I was only there on a quick short overnight. The clerks were nice and helpful. Room was only about $55 all said and done. Wifi is free at slow speeds, pay 10 for high speed. Hotel buffet is very good
2	Do yourself a huge favor and stay elsewhere during your Vegas visit. The Stratosphere is at the asshole of the strip. Nothing around it except ghetto and the SLS. We made the mistake of booking here because it was reasonably close to the convention center. Take a shuttle or cab from the more populated part of the strip and skip this locale. While we saved a bit with the room, we lost just as much money with cab fair or were stuck at the Stratosphere and it's terrible restaurants and tight electronic poker games. There is an almost $20/night resort fee which covers terrible Internet (I disconnected from it and used my cell data plan, that's how slow it is), a pool I never saw, and a filthy weight room with no collars for the free weights. Seems like a liability to me, but hey, the real liability was booking here to begin with. I will say that the registration staff were very nice to us. If you do make the mistake of staying here, stay in a group for your security if you venture out into the surrounding area.
3	Hadn't been to the Stratosphere in a while, but it hasn't changed much since my last visit. The upgrades to the rooms and hallways seem to have held up for the past few years and what was remodeled, still looks pretty new. Also love the fact that it doesn't smell too much like cigarette smoke like some other casinos.
1	I mean really...a monkey could run a hotel better. Even with the room upgrade the rooms are of less quality that an average Marriott room even. Went here because one of my friends didn't want to go elsewhere because of the price, but you end up paying extra fees and if you want to go anywhere enjoyable I'd recommend a taxi or it's a couple mile walk. Do yourself a favor, go big, stay at a nice hotel/resort, and have a magical time in Vegas. On top of all this their rooms are dirty and have bed bugs. I ran my hand across the wall and dust went everywhere, a lot of dust, never seen so much dust on a wall.
3	It's older but it did it's job! This was my first time staying in another hotel other then TI (treasure island)! I started thinking after I booked this hotel did I make a mistake? But was actually kinda happy i did :) it's away from the popular main strip so it's quiet or maybe it was just bc it was off season? Who knows but I didn't hear a sound at night and slept like a baby :) Comfy beds huge tub and clean room! They have Mc Donald's in the shops that's open 23-7 only closed from 4-5am I think he had said. Which is nice when you just want something cheap to eat after leaving the bar Late night, or Roxys diner. I do have complaints though as soon as we walked in we were harassed by these woman at the entrance! I mean as soon as we walked in! All we wanted to do is check in our rooms the last thing we wanted was them stopping us asking 300 questions about how long were we here for, do I own kids , when's the last time I brushed my teeth, lol ummm no I don't want to sit in a timeshare presentation to get a free crappy breakfast that would cost me 6$ to begin with! They caught us everytime we went to the parking garage! Just upset me! So park valet that's the only way around those people! This would have been a 4star for the staff and clean rooms and it being quiet! But those timeshare ladies just ruined it!Just a FYI ... Get a rental car if you stay here it's far from the main strip and I'm just saying I wouldn't walk around at night in this area lol the more north you go the more bums and creatures of the night you will see
3	We stayed here from the 22-24 of November. I paid roughly about $150 for two nights. I was unsatisfied with the bathroom, as the counter space was extremely limited, as well as the maid service. I didn't get asked to upgrade at the front desk upon check in like everyone around me. After seeing our families select room I was very disappointed with our room. HOWEVER I BELIEVE WE GOT WHAT WE PAID FOR. All the staff of the hotel were extremely friendly. The shops are fun and the food is good. If you don't mind being a little far from the strip I would stay here. The rides are really fun but buy your pictures during the day because they raise prices for pictures at night.
3	The Stratosphere was built around the time I turned 21. It was cheap, in a good enough location, and it had a good vibe. Back then there were the new flashy hotels and the cheaper more old school $5 steak&lobster dinner ones. The Stratosphere was kind of in the middle. Over all the best value in Vegas...back then...For years Stratosphere was great, but now it's really showing it's age. It's kind of dark and depressing. The rooms are tired and needing renovations.Will I come back? Maybe. The location means you pay more in cab rides, that eats into the savings of this hotel, and it's slowly making some of the other places on the strip a better value.
3	They gave us a handicap room and oh my gossssh...the bathroom is not so functional for a non handicap person. :(
5	We got an updated room with strip view on 15th floor of select tower. Excellent price. Around $65 which also included access to observatory ( we saved on  a family of 4). McDonalds in the hotel . Includes access to fitness /pool.
1	Got a cheap deal and decided to stay here... now I realize why it was cheap.This review is purely on the hotel room we got.When we checked in, it took a very long time, even though there was 5 different people working and only 2 of which were actually checking in customers. No worries, I am a patient lady and I am also in no rush. We checked in and the receptionist gave us our key and we were on our way.We got a room with a lovely view of... the hotel's air conditioner unit. No big, I didn't pay much for the room.I started to unpack because the drive had been so long and I just wanted to sit on the bed. I got my things settled and then took my shoes and socks off and then walked over to my bed when I stepped on.... something. No clue what it was. It was very brown and very sticky. Okay- note to self, don't walk by the left side of the bed without shoes on.My friend and I started to change and get dressed for a night out. I walked over to grab my bag when, a large, metal, panel for the electrical unit in the room fell on me. Literally fell and hit me in the back. I thought I had done it but when I tried to put it back, I realized, there weren't any screws in it except for one... which had ALSO come loose. I decided to call front desk to make sure we don't get charged for this and to be honest, I was kind of expecting an apology. Nothing. I told the lady who picked up what had happened and she laughed and said, "Don't worry about it. Thanks"Luckily, I only spent one night there otherwise, I would have been a bit peeved that I had spent ANY money on this place.
3	For the price I paid, 250 dollars for a four night stay (including Friday and Saturday night), staying at the Stratosphere was worth it. I consider it a mid-range hotel: better than a motel or off-strip hotel, but nowhere near as good as the other more well known hotels on the strip. The first thing I will mention is that the front desk agent Maria was very helpful, and even upgraded my room to a suite for free. I booked the room through Verizon Rewards, and apparently you just get whatever is available. I was going to get a room with two beds, which was excessive since I was alone, but Maria fixed it and gave me the free upgrade. She was also very friendly, and I can tell she will go far in her hospitality career. Someone give her a raise or a promotion, because she deserves it. The suite included a bedroom, living room area and a bathroom. The room was spotless and it came with two large flatscreen televisions, a refrigerator and free cable. Definitely not bad at all for the price I paid, and they put me up on the 21st floor (the view wasn't great, but it was still neat being up that high). The air conditioning worked perfectly, and the shower was always hot. The water pressure wasn't the greatest, but it did the job. The location wasn't the greatest, and I found myself using cabs a lot since it takes forever to walk anywhere from here. I'm used to New York City blocks, which are much shorter and crammed with businesses. When I heard something was two blocks away, I got excited that it was close...only to walk and have it take almost twenty minutes to get there. Vegas definitely isn't a walking town unless you are in the heart of the Strip. The oppressive heat didn't help things either, but that's not the hotel's fault at all. I honestly didn't spend very much time on the gaming floor since I'm not a big gambler, but it did seem to be a tad bit outdated. There wasn't really anything impressive about it or anything that stuck out in my mind. It just looked like a generic casino. I would stay here again if I got another great deal, but I think next time I'll try booking at a hotel that is more conveniently located down the strip closer to entertainment.
5	This is THE place to go for happy hour!  All appetizers are 1/2 price and drinks are 2 for 1.  The view is AMAZING!!  BEST in Vegas!!  Watch the thrill seekers bungee past the windows 110 stories up in the air.  Great shrimp/lobster cocktail and sliders.Comfortable, clean, good service, INCREDIBLE!  Lots of parking in large garage that connects at 2nd floor (but park 3, 4, or 5 and take the elevator down to 2 and avoid the mass crowd.  Many people think you have to buy a ticket just to go up to the bar or restaurant or viewing platform--THIS IS FREE!  Don't be confused with those buying tickets for the rides.  AWESOME experience in an older, out of the way hotel.  Well worth the trip--you won't be disappointed.
3	Last night I went to the Stratosphere for the night.  I tried to check in prior to the official check in of 3 pm and I was warned that there would be a 10 dollar surcharge applied to the room because I went in before the 3 pm posted check in time.  Unfortunately, the room was not ready at 130 or 230 when I approached the registration.  So I saved the ten dollars.  About 515 I went back for the third time and I was able to successfully check in.  The room was OK but the hot water in the shower was not real hot and it took about 10 minutes for the shower water to turn from cold to warm.  That was disappointing considering this hotel is not that old.  The Top of the World restaurant was good but pricey for what you received.  The view was nice and that is really what you are paying for.  The man at security took my selfie stick that attaches to my camera for some reason.  He said I could not take it up front.  It is plastic and could never be considered a weapon by any one with some sense.  This one still puzzels me.  The valet was quick and easy.  The C bar was expensive and I paid 9 dollars for two Miller Lite beers.  I will not return to the hotel part of this place but would go back to the Top of the World Restaurant.
1	I would never in life stay here... The rooms are not bad what was so nasty and scared me are the bed bugs here. Ewhhh I had bites I assumed it was from a mosquito or something. Well no I got more by 2 night and my husband as well. While laying down we see one running through our sheets. As soon as I get home I washed my clothes with hot water. Be warned this place has bugs!!
4	After staying at the D hotel last Nov 2013 - which has its own Yelp review - it was great to be back at the Stratosphere this Sept.It was on this trip to Vegas that I made a crucial discovery. I have been cheating myself by not making the most of this city when I'm not staying at this resort.When I stayed at the D hotel on Fremont Street, I never left the downtown area. The Strip is enormously long with its grandiose resorts. When I stayed at a resort on the Strip, that hotel dictated what I'd see and do because we didn't want to venture out too far from our room. The years I reserved a room at the Palm, Mandalay Bay and Hard Rock, I felt isolated from the city. In short, I compartmentalized my visits; but, it kept me coming back year after year in different seasons for various reasons.This year was the second time my boyfriend and I spent 4 nights/5days at the Stratosphere for Mr Olympia in Sept. This year, our room was upgraded to a higher floor which offered a better view and bathtub. Because the hotel is smack in the middle of the Strip and Downtown, we always say 5 days isn't enough. We go to pool parties, clubs on and off the Strip... attend the Olympia expo and pre-judging... loiter, do the zipline and celebrate Halloween (it looks like it every night of the week) on Fremont Street... we don't think about it, it just so happens we spend time at both ends of the city; but, it only happens when we stay here, no where else. For that reason, there isn't a better reason not to!
1	THIS SUCKS!!!!!!!!!We are in Vegas for our 19th anniversary, decided for a quick get away. So we chose the Stratosphere, Grand Suite.The room was terrible. the staff except the bell staff were terrible. When we arrived we had to pay $10 to check in early, $5 per night to look at the ghettos of Las Vegas. When we got to the room there was trash on the floor outside our door, we told the cleaning lady she picked up the big pieces but left the rest.That being said the worst was yet to come. We went to bed and all you could here was the elevator going up and down, and up and down, and up and down. So there was no way we could sleep there. We called the front desk and complained. I asked the woman who took the call why this was not on the website, that all the grand suites abut the elevator. She said "if she had built the website she would have said that".This tells me that this is an ongoing problem with complaints. So their solution was a much smaller room and did not refund the extra monies we spent.Very disappointed with the hotel. We suspect a change in ownership..DAY 2:it is 2:12 and our room is still not cleaned, even though we put out the sign to service the room since 8:45 am.
5	Ok can't say I have stayed there.....however I have had dealings with the VIP hosts J-Toy and Virginia. Both went way way out of their way to accommodate a request of mine.   Could not of made this happen with out their assistance.  They worked with me to make things happen even when didn't quite fit into their way of doing things.  Also btw everyone I spoke to at the hotel was super pleasant and tried to help.  J-Toy and Virginia just went really out of their way.    So thank u.    I will visit your hotel again thanks to the hospitality and courtesy I received.
4	Stayed for 4 nights in a Select guest room.  Room was clean, large and updated.  Did not try the main restaurants (a steakhouse, Italian restaurant and a 50's style diner) or the pool.   I did try the buffet which was perfectly fine and very reasonable ($21 for dinner and $18 for breakfast).  Food court was OK but could have had more options. The mall/shops are forgettable--skip those.  Was super disappointed in the  "free" Wi-Fi though.  You get 1mb free, after that you have to pay $10 (per day I think).  Does anyone just use 1mb?  I'm not saying people should download movies or anything, but I probably use more than 1mb just checking my email!  I mean,  come on now. Still, I think overall Stratosphere provides a pretty good bang for your buck.  Reasonable price and service, free parking is super easy....I'd recommend it.
1	I will not even give a rate to this hotel. I checked in 12/21/14. I called in to the front desk and ask them for a late check in. To my surprise when I got in about 11:05pm after a very long drive, as I checked in I was told that my room is not ready. Now the check in process was like 30 minutes and was told that they have front desk agent call in sick. A lame excuse. So I went to eat at their Roxy diner for the wait. To my airplane my food has a fly. Manager didn't do anything was told it will be credit for the food with fly and yet when I receive the bill it was there. This restaurant is a big fucking joke. Then when I finally got my room, the pillowcase smells like it has been used for weeks but the housekeeper insisted that the smell is the way it is. Management of this hotel should be fired and banned to work in a hotel.
5	Also wanted to say a big thank you to the food and beverage asst manager chad fisher.   Even after a small mis understanding he owned the mix up. Fixed it and then made it happen for me.  Well above and beyond.   Stratosphere is lucky to have people like these working for them.  Thank u chad
1	Really poor customer service I stayed here for 5 days they gave me a rate I asked the guy the next day would it be the same he said yes just come down and you'll be ok so I confronted a manager when the rate was not the same he told me sorry it's changed you want to stay or check out because the hotel is getting booked so screw u its busy low we don't need your business or care about what you were told pay more or leave I will never stay at this hotel again the proper thing would have been to say when I booked the rate changed daily / hourly to guarantee a specific rate one should book all at once otherwise we can't guarantee a rate not oh ok this is the rate were checking u out not the hotel is getting full so off to the flamingo I go where there is better customer service never again these two managers should be fired
3	The stratosphere is way out of the way situated at the north end of the strip, so it's easy to forget about it when booking trips. But with it's cheap rates and great views in the tower, I highly recommend it. It's an older hotel but I guess they are slowly renovating the rooms... or at least planning on it. As the strip gets builded up and the north end fills with higher end hotel casinos, my guess is that the Stratosphere will catch up to the times. Old School is no longer the Cool in Vegas.
1	I found bed bug when i woke up in the morning, i am so disappointed with the quality of the room. Also when i turned the heater on there was so much dust coming out of it!!!!
3	This place sucks. Found a cheap deal through Priceline and totally understood why it's cheap. The rooms are super old looking, they don't restock the toiletries and they really have to update their ventilation system in the casino. There's smoke everywhere and it's so hard to breathe.
2	When you first enter the tower area, you wait in line ( I waited on a Tuesday night 30 min) to get your picture taken on a green screen and to go through a metal detector.  Ladies - be ready to hand over your purse to the security worker(?) they actually look into your purse.  Gents -  take everything out of your pockets and your belt.  They won't let you through until the metal detector doesn't beep.  I kept beeping as I was making my way through the metal detector and the security worker made me stretch out my hands and passed a wand over me...After getting your picture taken, you go upstairs to the elevators.  From here I waited a good 15 minutes for an elevator to go up the tower.  A staff member will count 10 guests into the elevator at a time. (Total wait time to reach the top of the tower - 45 min).  I reached the inner observation deck area, with the slanted windows.  They had nice seating areas right next to the windows.  They also have a sandwich shop, souvenir store and bar.  It's always a treat to go up and see Vegas from the Stratosphere, I just felt the waiting time was a bit unreasonable.  Also, some sections of the inner observation deck were closed off for a private party.
1	At 4am this morning my car was hit and totaled in a car chase. I have called the hotel 3x to try and cancel my reservations for NYE tonight. I offered my police report, alternate days, they REFUSED to accommodate me in anyway and are charging me $400 for tonight. The manager said it is NYE and they are booked.... Doesn't that mean that they would have no prob booking the room, also that they will be making a ton of $$$ tonight. But still insist on charging me! Poor business acumen stratosphere. I am extremely disappointed and intend NEVER to stay there after feeling like I was robbed today. Lost my car, vaca, and $400.  Happy new year....
2	I would have never chosen this place to stay when in Vegas. Since turning 21, I've only gone to Vegas with my friends so we tend to stay closer to whatever club we intended on going to. As I was with my parents and kids my brothers age (aka 16-18), clubs were definitely not what we were concerned about. The Good: The stratosphere itself is free to hotel guests. The lines aren't that long, guess it depends on when you go. You can get to the top pretty easily - 10 people to an elevator. Getting to the top was great. Stop off on floor 108 for the inside observatory and floor 109 for the outside. The inside was pretty cool. That's also where they have the bungee jumping - there was someone doing it when we were up there. Pretty awesome. The outside observation deck is cold in the winter, but the views are gorgeous up there! The bar at the 107 floor is pretty cool too. Definitely a cheap way to get to the top and see the views without having to pay all that money for the stratosphere. The bad: Honestly, the location is just far from everything. Maybe except the SLS, which is still far from all the other hotels on the strip. It's just north, much more north than I thought. Since they're building resort world, it just seems so much further from everything right now. At any time, it's just about a $20 cab ride to the strip (even more if there's a ton of traffic). Then again, you could just drive yourself, but if you plan on drinking, it's not fun. The Ugly:My mom ordered the deluxe room for the stay, but the other people ordered the premier room so my mom called the hotel to see how big of a difference it would be. They told her $15 per room per day. Not a big deal. Then, when we arrived, the price changed to $30 per room per day to upgrade and that was not what the hotel told my mom when she called. Anyways, after an hour wait and discussions with the manager (and some angry words from my dad), we got the hotel rooms as we thought. However, no strip view which is what was promised with the $30 extra dollars paid by our friends. Also, our rooms were not next to each other but close enough. Regardless, not happy by the time we made it into our rooms. Overall bad experience and probably never going to stay here again. it's not a bad hotel persay, but I like staying closer to all the fun and the amazing food!
4	I didn't think the stratosphere was terrible. Granted, it was a little ways from the strip, but we had a rental car so it was fine. I didn't have much of a view from my floor (18th) but for the price I paid I wasn't to upset about it. I actually slept through the night surprisingly because last time I was in Vegas 7 months ago we stayed in the Hard Rock. I was up all night because the people next door were partying. The hallway always seemed to have slight smell of vomit. The beds were decently comfortable. The guy who brought up our bags seemed to be fishing for a tip. I would've given him one of I carried any cash. Unfortunately my stay got cut short due to some unforeseen circumstances. I went downstairs and gambled for a while. I think I won a whole 40 cents. I don't really gamble or know how to for that matter!I would recommend the stratosphere to anyone that is in need of a decent hotel for a decent price.
4	Pros: Nice and clean hotel with good amenities.Very good price. Free tower access,  nice launch on tower.Cons: bad location if you not driving, no coffeemaker, closet and cooler in room.
3	My husband and I stayed this past November. We found the casino,dark,outdated,however,our suite was spacious,clean,overall lovely. Starbucks baristas were kind,friendly. Paid alot of money for cab rides to strip which was not cost effective. On our last night we found out they had a wonderful,authentic italian restaurant that was fabulous. The gym was very outdated. 1 treadmill,very dilapitated equipment. Overall,we saw a fabulous show,dined at Giadas restaurant.Fine vacation,just not sure I would stay at this particular hotel.
1	Absolutely horrible customer service! We booked a room and paid a deposit to arrive on December 30th 2014, then called to change our check in date to Dec 31st. The reservation rep made notes and gave us a confirmation number for our new arrival date. When we arrived we were told they gave our room away because we had not arrived on the 30th. When we explained we spoke with someone from the hotel and that they said moving our arrival date was no problem, the manager said yes, at that time it was no problem but then we rented your room so now the reservation with confirmation code was no longer valid. No offer of a refund, or help in finding another room. Simply a very snarky, matter of fact, so what, we have sold all our rooms and that is what we care about...not you. When having the bell boy put our bags back in the car he said. "we are horrible about that, happens often." If you are staying off the strip, go to the Gold Coast. Not fancy but wonderful customer service.
1	Great restaurants and you get a really nice view of the strip from the tower. The entertainment and rides are also cool, however the hotel rooms were'nt. Had to move because the first room was dirty. Even though second room was not much better.  The shower had an issue where it automatically came on when you turn the water on for the bath.  For a hotel with a cool night life, you would expect much better rooms. I was very disappointed. The casino was pretty empty and I hardly saw anyone gambling.The location is a nice walk from the monorail, so I would suggest driving or catching a cab to any other casinos.
3	The only good thing about this place is the stunning view. You get to go all the way up the tower for free if you have a room. It makes for great pictures. The service was bad and the food wasn't good. When we got there, our room wasn't even ready. The casino was medium sized. Their pillows smell funny.
5	It was amazing view!!! Totally worth the money, the rides are awesome and literally scared my pants off! The bar at the top was totally worth it after riding the rides.
3	We did not stay at the Stratosphere,  we booked the New Year's Eve party on 108. Definitely an awesome view point for the fireworks.   The food and open bar's were awesome.   It was a little too loud for my taste. The entertainment was awesome,  beautiful pinup girls.  Not enough seeting, seemed a bit over booked to me, had to wait in massive lines to get on the elivators.  The staff was very nice just overall we were kind of miserable due to being too crowded.  I expected better because of the price you pay.
3	I didn't find this Hotel very exciting to stay for four nights. Unless you want to travel 20-30 on the strip by bus or pay an expensive taxi fee....or walk about an hour, you are looking at a tight casino, limited drink servers and very little entertainment besides the tower and thrill rides.We stayed on floor 18 (which we had to pay a little extra to get this room with large enough windows to enjoy the room for four days). Great view of the north side of the strip (through dirty windows, but this may just be a product of a desert climate). We could see and hear the screams of the Skyjumpers free falling 108 floors about every 5 minutes throughout the day and night, which was terrifying and entertaining. Room was clean(ish) but dated. Nothing fancy at all. TV was great though. No coffee pot, mini fridge or safe could be found in my room, but I am guessing for an additional charge they would bring one up.Food:*Roxy's - Ate here once for breakfast, once for lunch and once for dinner. All three times were okay. Nothing to write home about, but reasonably priced from what we saw everywhere else. All tabs (with tip) were between $30-35 for two people with no alcohol.*Buffet - For the cost, I would pass. We paid $20 per person but had a coupon that saved us $10, so $30 total, but food was not great. Bland to say the least and when we visited, it was dead, maybe 20 people in the whole place.*Mexican Restaurant on 2nd Floor (don't remember name) - Grabbed nachos and quesadilla and took it downstairs to watch the football game. Husband said the beers here are cheaper than the bar, so look here first if you are paying for beer. Food was great, I would eat again.Drink service while gambling - Unless you are sitting in the dead middle of the casino or at a table, good luck getting regular drink service and make sure you tip or you definitely won't see the back. There were two times we stayed in the same area for 30-45 minutes and never saw drink service at all.Entertainment - So other than the casino (which has a ton of older machines), you are looking at not much else to do besides thrill rides and tower which will cost you unless you are staying in a room. You can see their musical Pin-Up, which we didn't see or visit their very creepy arcade where most machines are out of order, or limited shopping places on 2nd floor. Sports bar is okay, but we saw much better. They need MORE TV's throughout the casino so people can watch the games and gamble at the same time. We only found a few machines close enough to a TV, and they were pretty old and were just sucking money, so we opted to stop gambling.All in all, it wasn't horrible, but if I visited again, I would find a casino closer to the middle of the strip so it is easier to get around and have more options for entertainment. For what we paid for our rooms, additional money for the view, money to travel to the strip...might as well pay a little more for a different casino.
1	Yuk! Yuk! Yuk!--First room had bugs, ring around the toilet, rust and a cracked tub. Second room was an upgrade but it was very dusty and there were blood stains around the jacuzzi. Couldn't run the jacuzzi because of a default that automatically turn the shower on. Oh, did I mention the hair and stains on the washcloths? Uber nasty!! There's a huge language barrier with housekeeping and it's clear they only spot clean the rooms. Management doesn't care. You can really tell that the staff is there to get a paycheck and they don't care about making your experience a great one. The restaurants and nightlife are the only thing that's happening for the Stratosphere. With so many bad reviews for this and other hotels in Las Vegas, it's becoming clear that Vegas is going downhill. It definitely isn't the same from 4 years ago and beyond. I hardly saw people gambling at this hotel. Really? I think it's time for other cities like Atlanta to create a little Las Vegas. You'll get much better service, better recourse for problems that you may incur and an overall better experience!!
